<doc id="2912259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912259" title="Graeme Clark (doctor)">
Graeme Clark (doctor)

Graeme Milbourne Clark AC (born 16 August 1935 in Camden, New South Wales) is an Australian doctor. He was a key figure in the research and development of the Bionic Ear – a multiple-channel cochlear implant.
Early life and education.
Clark was born in Camden, New South Wales, and was educated at Scots College in Sydney. He studied medicine at Sydney University.
He then specialised in ear nose and throat surgery at the Royal National Throat Nose and Ear Hospital and obtained a fellowship in 1964 from the Royal College of Surgeons, London. Clark then returned to Australia and became a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Surgeons and in 1969 completed his PhD at the University of Sydney on "Middle Ear & Neural Mechanisms in Hearing and in the Management of Deafness". At the same time, he completed a Master of Surgery thesis on "The Principles of the Structural Support of the Nose and its Application to Nasal and Septal Surgery".
In 1976, he returned to England to study at the University of Keele, and to learn more about speech science, as this knowledge was also essential for enabling him to work on converting complicated speech signals into electrical stimulation of the hearing nerve.
Career.
Development of cochlear implants.
Clark hypothesised that hearing, particularly for speech, might be reproduced in people with deafness if the damaged or underdeveloped ear were bypassed, and the auditory nerve electrically stimulated to reproduce the coding of sound. His initial doctoral research at the University of Sydney investigated the effect of the rate of electrical simulation on single cells and groups of cells in the auditory brainstem response, the centre where frequency discrimination is first decoded.
Clark’s research demonstrated that an electrode bundle with 'graded stiffness' would pass without injury around the tightening spiral of the cochlea to the speech frequency region. Until this time he had difficulty identifying a way to place the electrode bundle in the cochlea without causing any damage. He achieved a breakthrough during a vacation at the beach; he conceptualised using a seashell to replicate the human cochlea, and grass blades (which were flexible at the tip and gradually increasing in stiffness) to represent electrodes.
Clark showed that the electrode bundle had to be free-fitting, and the wires needed to be terminated with circumferential bands to reduce friction against the outer wall of the cochlea, and so make it easier to pass the required distance. The bands had to be wide enough to minimise the charge density of the electrical current for safety, but narrow enough for localised stimulation of the nerve fibers for the place coding of frequency. In order to address issues about the safety of the device, Clark conducted experiments to show that there was a minimal risk of meningitis from a middle ear infection if a fibrous tissue sheath grew around the electrode bundle. The sheath was developed from a connective tissue graft from the person’s own body that was placed around the electrode bundle where it entered the cochlea.
The ultimate question however was: could speech be coded with multi-channel stimulation so that it could be understood by a deaf person? This could only be discovered by operating on a deaf person.
The first multi-channel cochlear implant operation was done at the Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital in 1978 by Clark and Dr Brian Pyman. The first person to receive the implant was Rod Saunders who had lost his hearing aged 46.
After successfully completing the surgery in 1978, with his post-doctoral colleague, Yit Chow Tong, Clark discovered how multi-channel electrical stimulation of the brain could reproduce frequency and intensity as pitch and loudness in severely-to-profoundly deaf adults who originally had hearing before going deaf. Electrical stimulation at low rates (50 pulses/sec) was perceived as a pitch of the same frequency, but at rates above 200 pulses/sec, what was heard was poorly discriminated and a much higher pitch. This discovery established that the timing of electrical stimuli was important for low pitch when this had been difficult to determine with sound. But discrimination of pitch up to 4000 Hz is required for speech understanding, so Clark emphasised early in the development of the cochlear implant that "place coding through multi-channel stimulation" would have to be used for the important mid-to-high speech frequencies. Clark and Tong next discovered that place of stimulation was experienced as timber, but without a strong pitch sensation. The patient could identify separate sensations according to the site of stimulation in the cochlea.
At the end of 1978, Clark and Tong made a ground-breaking discovery. This was the first speech processing strategy to give speech understanding to severely-to-profoundly deaf people using electrical stimulation alone, and in combination with lipreading. The speech processing strategy coded the second formant as place of stimulation along the cochlear array, the amplitude of the second formant as current level, and the voicing frequency as pulse rate across the formant channels.
Clark in December 1978 arranged that his audiologist present open-set words to his first patient, who was able to identify several correctly. Clark realized then that this was the breakthrough in providing speech understanding that everyone had been hoping for."it was the moment I had been waiting for. I went into the adjoining room and cried for joy."
This discovery was established by Clark with objective audiological tests in 1979. The open-set speech test results on this patient were the first time that speech recognition for electrical stimulation alone had been demonstrated, under standardized conditions. Previously single-channel strategies had only shown a small improvement when electrical stimulation was used as a lip reading aid, but no speech understanding for electrical stimulation alone.
As a result Clark went on to operate on a second patient who had been deaf for 17 years. He was able to show that the speech coding strategy was not unique to one person’s brain response patterns, and that the memory for speech sounds could persist for many years after the person became deaf.
The successful development of the cochlear implant was confirmed when it gained approval from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States. In 1982 Clark supervised the initial clinical studies mandated by the agency, and in 1985 after a world trial the FDA granted approval for the cochlear implant for adults 18 and over who had hearing before going deaf. It thus became the first multi-channel cochlear system to be approved as safe and effective by the FDA or any health regulatory body for giving speech understanding both with lip reading and for electrical stimulation alone in people who had hearing before going deaf.
In 1985, Clark as the surgeon-in-charge performed the cochlear implant surgery on the first children along with Drs Pyman and Webb. The first child was 10 years old and the second was 5 years old. From 1985 to 1990 Clark and the members of his Cochlear Implant Clinic at the Eye and Ear Hospital in Melbourne, followed by other clinics world wide, found that the formant extraction speech coding strategies developed by Clark and team resulted in up to 60% of children being able to understand significant numbers of words and sentences with electrical stimulation alone without help from lipreading. With a strategy that also extracted a band of high frequencies there were increased numbers of children with improved speech perception, speech production and language scores.
In 1990 the FDA announced that the 22-channel cochlear implant was safe and effective in enabling
The Bionic Ear Institute.
In 1970 Clark was appointed as the Foundation Professor of Otolaryngology (Ear, Nose, and Throat Surgery) at the University of Melbourne, and then in 2000 he was made one of the first Laureate Professors at the University for his international recognition of scientific achievement. He held this position till he retired in 2004. He led most of the pioneering cochlear implant research while Head of the Department of Otolaryngology. His research was funded initially by an appeal through a Telethon, and then a Public Interest Grant from the Australian government. His ongoing research to understand the functioning and improve the cochlear implant was through his grants from the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia, the Australian Research Council, The US National Institutes of Health, and The Cooperative Research Centre program. In 1983 the Bionic Ear Institute was founded by Clark, as an independent, non-profit, medical research organization. The goal of the Bionic Ear Institute was: "to give deaf children and adults the opportunity to participate as fully as possible in the hearing world and to find new ways to restore brain function".
Charity foundations.
In 2002 The Graeme Clark Cochlear Scholarship Foundation was established in honor of Graeme Clark for his lifelong commitment to finding a solution for people with hearing loss, and his pioneering work in the field of cochlear implant technology. Awarded by Cochlear Limited, scholarships are presented to cochlear implant recipients around the world to help defray the costs of their higher education consisting of financial assistance towards a college degree at an accredited university for up to four years).
In recognition of Clark’s contributions to the welfare of deaf people, The Graeme Clark Charitable Foundation, a charitable foundation has been established to firstly enable individuals with deafness and other sensory disorders develop their potential through appropriate biomedical, technological and educational measures. He also donated 2 million dollars to the deafness hearing charity which they greatly appreciated

</doc>
<doc id="2912266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912266" title="Numbered Air Force">
Numbered Air Force

A Numbered Air Force (NAF) is a type of organization in the United States Air Force that is subordinate to a Major Command (MAJCOM) and has assigned to it operational units such as wings, squadrons, and groups. A Component Numbered Air Force (C-NAF) has the additional role as an Air Force Component Command exercising command and control over air and space forces supporting a Unified Combatant Command. Unlike MAJCOMs, which have a management role, a NAF is a tactical organization with an operational focus, and does not have the same functional staff as a MAJCOM. Numbered air forces are typically commanded by a major general or a lieutenant general.
Numerical designations for Numbered Air Forces are written out (e.g., Eighth Air Force instead of 8th Air Force), but Arabic numerals are used in abbreviations (e.g., 8 AF). Units directly subordinate to a NAF are generally numbered 6XX (where XX is the NAF number). For example, the 618th Air and Space Operations Center (Tanker Airlift Control Center) is a unit subordinate to the Eighteenth Air Force.
History.
Numbered air forces began as named organizations in the United States Army Air Corps before World War II. The first four NAFs were established as the Northeast, Northwest, Southeast, and Southwest Air Districts on 19 October 1940 to provide air defense for the United States. These Air Districts were redesignated as the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Air Forces, respectively, on 26 March 1941. The Arabic numerals were changed to the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Air Forces on 18 September 1942. Other organizations established during this period and that became Numbered air forces include the Philippine Department Air Force (became Fifth Air Force), the Panama Canal Air Force (became Sixth Air Force), the Hawaiian Air Force (became Seventh Air Force), and the Alaskan Air Force (became Eleventh Air Force). After World War II, the US Air Force continued to use both named and numbered air forces. While named air forces were used in both tactical and support roles, numbered air forces were generally employed only in tactical roles.
As part of a peacetime restructuring in March 1946, the United States Army Air Forces were reorganized into three major operating commands: the Strategic Air Command (SAC), the Tactical Air Command (TAC), and the Air Defense Command (ADC). These commands reflected the basic air combat missions that evolved during the war, and each reported directly to General Carl Spaatz, the Commanding General, Army Air Forces. Numbered air forces served as an intermediate headquarters between these commands and the operational wings and groups. Eleven of the sixteen wartime air forces remained. The Eighth and Fifteenth Air Forces were assigned to SAC; the Third, Ninth, and Twelfth Air Forces were assigned to TAC; and the First, Second, Fourth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Fourteenth Air Forces were assigned to ADC. Second Air Force would later be transferred to SAC in 1949. The numbered air forces had both operational and administrative authority, and existed as a command level between major commands and air divisions. Although variations existed, and number air forces were often reassigned, this basic arrangement persisted throughout the Cold War.
The role of numbered air forces changed in the 1990s during the Air Force reorganization initiated by Air Force Chief of Staff General Merrill McPeak. The goal of the reorganization was to "streamline, take layers out, flatten (Air Force) organizational charts, while at the same time clarifying the roles and responsibilities of essential supporting functions." Numbered air forces were reorganized into tactical echelons focused on operations, and their administrative staff functions were eliminated. This reorganization also reduced the number of major commands, and eliminated the air divisions to place numbered air forces directly in command of operational wings.
The role of numbered air forces was again changed in 2006 with the implementation of the Component Air Force (C-NAF) concept. Some numbered air forces have an additional mission as the Air Force Component Command exercising command and control over air and space forces supporting a Unified Combatant Command. C-NAFs have a second designation to identify their role. For example, First Air Force, a numbered air force assigned to Air Combat Command, is designated as Air Force Northern (AFNORTH) in its role as the air component of the United States Northern Command. Most C-NAFs have an Air and Space Operations Center (AOC) to provide command and control of air and space operations for the supported combatant commander.
List of Numbered Air Forces.
The table below lists current and historical numbered air forces of the US Air Force, their C-NAF designation (if applicable), their current shield and station, and the major command (MAJCOM) to which they are currently assigned. Note that the lineage of some numbered air forces is continued by non-NAF organizations (e.g., the 15th Expeditionary Mobility Task Force continues the lineage of the Fifteenth Air Force).
Named Air Forces.
Named Air Forces operate at the same level as Numbered Air Forces. General Headquarters Air Force, the first named air force of the United States Army's air arm, began operations in 1935. The GHQ Air Force became the Air Force Combat Command in 1941. Several of the numbered air forces began as named air forces.
Since World War II other named air forces have existed in both operational and support commands. Air Forces Iceland, and the Central, Eastern, Japan, and Western Air Defense Forces, have provided air defense capability. The USAF Special Operations Force controlled operational special forces. The Crew, Flying, and Technical Training Air Forces served Air Training Command both in the air and on the ground. Pacific Air Force/FEAF (Rear) controlled both operational and support forces of Far East Air Forces. Air Materiel Force, European Area, and Air Materiel Force, Pacific Area, on the other hand, served primarily as logistical support establishments.
Currently, United States Air Forces Central provides airpower in support of the Global War on Terrorism.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="2912269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912269" title="West Channel">
West Channel

West Channel is a Greek local channel which broadcasts from the city of Kozani for the periphery of West Macedonia. It was created and launched in April 1991 by the lawyer Vicky Papafilippou and the businessman and benefactor Zissis Dardalis.
The two founders had a common dream: the creation of a channel of communication between the residents of Western Macedonia and these who live in Thessaloniki and Athens (America, Australia, Canada, Germany and elsewhere). West Channel has 17 transponders that cover all the places of the Region of Western Macedonia, up to the south-eastern regions of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia. The character of program is informative, however it falls short of the remainder factors that characterize a modern regional TV Station.
Frequencies.
The channel broadcasts on the following frequencies in West Macedonia:

</doc>
<doc id="2912273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912273" title="Northfield Park Arboretum">
Northfield Park Arboretum

Northfield Park Arboretum is a public park and arboretum located in Gering, Nebraska.
History.
The Northfield Park Arboretum was once a long and narrow canyon, and now is considered a "living exhibition" of trees, shrubs, and other botanical life that grows in the Gering region. It has the traditional arboretum "park" setting, with plants that need additional care to thrive in the area, as well as a "natural" area that displays native plants adapted to the park's conditions.
Staff.
Curator of Northfield Park Arboretum is Ron Ernst.

</doc>
<doc id="2912277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912277" title="Remi Broadway">
Remi Broadway

Remi Broadway (born 30 April 1978) is an Australian actor best known as Rupert Pringle from "The Wayne Manifesto" and Piffy the bell ringer from "The Late Show", which parodied his earlier appearance on the talent show "Pot Luck".
He hosted an Australian children's television called Prime Possum Show on the Prime Television Network in which he starred next to the possum of the show. He appeared in that show for about 550 episodes before leaving it in 1996 to pursue a Hollywood career.
He also starred in the cult movie Rapid Fear alongside formidable acting talent Peter Kent and Vanja Matula. He most recently produced and directed "Choose Your Own Tube", another serial on YouTube featuring Caitlin Hill and his brother Regis Broadway.
Remi currently gives "private acting lessons"
As of July 2011, Remi owns and recently opened "Central", a lounge and dining bar in Surfers Paradise, on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2912278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912278" title="General Services in the European Commission">
General Services in the European Commission

The term General Service refers to a collection of Directorates-General and "Services" within the European Commission that provide services to the policy-making DGs. They are not policy-making themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="2912279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912279" title="Steve Gould (musician)">
Steve Gould (musician)

Steve Gould (born 25 March 1950 in Battersea, London, UK) was the lead singer and bassist (later, rhythm guitarist) of the 1960s-70s London based progressive rock band Rare Bird. They had one hit single titled "Sympathy" and recorded several albums.
Gould went on to form the mainstream band Runner on Island Records in the late 70s after Rare Bird broke up. The band's debut album charted in the Billboard top 100.
When Runner didn't work out due to differences with the label, Gould joined the Alvin Lee band in 1980, with whom he played bass in different occasions during two decades. In albums like Free Fall (1980) o Rx5 (1981)he plays an active role like vocalist and co-creator. 

</doc>
<doc id="2912282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912282" title="Cornelis Tiele">
Cornelis Tiele

Cornelis Petrus Tiele, (16 December 1830–11 January 1902) was a Dutch theologian and scholar.
Life.
He was born at Leiden. He was educated at Amsterdam, first studying at the Athenaeum Illustre, as the communal high school of the capital was then named, and afterwards at the seminary of the Remonstrant Brotherhood. 
He was destined for the pastorate in his own brotherhood. After steadily declining for a considerable period, this had increased its influence in the second half of the 19th century by widening the tenets of the Dutch Methodists, which had caused many of the liberal clergy among the Lutherans and Calvinists to go over to the Remonstrants. Tiele had liberal religious views himself, which he early enunciated from the pulpit, as Remonstrant pastor of Moordrecht (1853) and at Rotterdam (1856).
Upon the removal of the seminary of the brotherhood from Amsterdam to Leiden in 1873, Tiele was appointed one of its leading professors. In 1877 followed his appointment at the University of Leiden as professor of the history of religions, a chair specially created for him.
With Abraham Kuenen and J. H. Scholten, amongst others, he founded the "Leiden School" of modern theology. From 1867 he assisted Kuenen, A. D. Loman and L. W. Rauwenhoff editing the "Theologisch Tijdschrift". In 1889 he became a member of the Teylers Eerste Genootschap.
In 1901, he resigned his professorship at Leiden University.
He died in January 1902.
Tiele's zeal and power for work were as extraordinary as his vast knowledge of ancient languages, peoples and religions, upon which his researches, according to F. Max Müller, shed a new and vivid light.
Works.
Of his many learned works, the "Vergelijkende geschiedenis van de egyptische en mesopotamische Godsdiensten" (1872), and the "Geschiedenis van den Godsdienst" (1876; new ed. 1891), have been translated into English, the former by James Ballingall (1878–1882), the latter by Joseph Estlin Carpenter (1877) under the title "Outlines of the History of Religion" (French translation, 1885; German translation, 1895). A French translation of the "Comparative History" was published in 1882.
Other works by Tiele are:
He was also a contributor to the "Encyclopaedia Biblica", and the writer of the article "Religions" in the 9th edition of the "Encyclopædia Britannica" (1875).
A volume of Tiele's sermons appeared in 1865, and a collection of his poems in 1863. He also edited (1868) the poems of Petrus Augustus de Genestet.
Tiele was best known to English students by his "Outlines" and the Gifford Lectures "On the Elements of the Science of Religion", delivered in 1896–1898 at Edinburgh University. They appeared simultaneously in Dutch at Amsterdam, in English in London and Edinburgh (1897–1899, 2 vols).
Honours.
Edinburgh University in 1900 conferred upon Tiele the degree of D.D. "honoris causa", an honor bestowed upon him previously by the universities of Dublin and Bologna. He was also a fellow of at least fifteen learned societies in the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Great Britain, and the United States.
Family.
Pieter Anton Tiele was his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="2912284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912284" title="SMart">
SMart

SMart was a British CBBC television programme based on the subject of art, which began in 1994 and ended in 2009. The programme was recorded at BBC Television Centre in London, previously it had been recorded in Studio A at BBC Pebble Mill in Birmingham. The format is similar to the Tony Hart programmes "Take Hart" and "Hartbeat". The show was revamped into an hour-long show in 2007; it was previously a 25 minute show. The 'older' 25 minute shows from 1994-2005 (it didn't appear in the 2006 series) also featured Morph, originally from "Take Hart". It has 199 episodes.
CBBC last aired SMart on 11 August 2011.
The programme.
The original theme tune was composed by Kjartan Poskitt, famous for the "Murderous Maths" series of books. From 2003, a different tune was used, written by Steve Brown (known as the fictional musical director Glen Ponder in "Knowing Me, Knowing You with Alan Partridge"). In 2007, this was remixed by Matt Thomas of Mosquito Music in line with the new format. 
In 2007, the new autumn series had a new format mixing some of the old segments with new ideas. It was aired on Sunday, and repeated on Wednesdays. It involved more child participation in games and celebrity guests. This new format also allowed for episodes of "The Fairly OddParents" to be aired halfway in.
The format was utilised again when a new series began with a new timeslot on Sunday 29 June 2008, airing on CBBC on BBC Two, still presented by Kirsten O'Brien and Mike Fischetti. A special tribute to Mark Speight was also broadcast. Along with this new format, guest presenters appear each week to assist the two presenters.
Following the death of presenter Mark Speight's fiancee Natasha Collins in January 2008, repeats of the show and its CBeebies spin-off "SMarteenies" were suspended. Speight left the programme, saying his "tragic loss" had left him unable to continue; he later committed suicide. The BBC indicated that there would still be a new series of "SMart" in the autumn, but editions featuring Speight are unlikely to be repeated.
Series 16 began airing on 3 January 2009 in the same style to the series before. The major change was that the original airings moved to the CBBC Channel rather than BBC Two. Kirsten O'Brien and Mike Fischetti both returned to host the show and the show continued to have guest presenters. The games involving children in the studio were dropped and instead children participated via webcam or pre-recorded on location. The show also added segments on fun aspects of digital photography.
Spin-offs.
The success of "SMart" allowed it to spawn various spin-off series. The first was "SMart on the Road" where either Mark Speight or Kirsten O'Brien, with the help of Lizi Botham, would travel around the country helping people with major projects, for example decorating a room or making a fun garden. It starred Kirsten O'Brien, Mark Speight, Jay Burridge and Lizi Botham.
"SMarteenies" was the second spin-off, where Kirsten, Mark, Jay and "Bizi Lizi" went through fun makes for younger viewers, including "man of letters and shapes" and Kirsten's Household Makes with Doogie the Dog. This programme was specifically aimed at a younger demographic, roughly from 3–6 years old on was aired on CBeebies. It starred Kirsten O'Brien, Mark Speight, Jay Burridge and Lizi Botham.
A special episode, "SMart Africa", was made by the BBC to coincide with Africa Week. The episode contained easy ways to make things. This episode, with Kirsten O'Brien and Mark Speight, was aired as part of the 2003 series.
Deadly Art.
Recently (as of March 2011) CBBC have started airing "Deadly Art" which follows a very similar format to "SMart" and also stars Mike Fischetti. They look to the wild for inspiration (to tie in with the "Deadly" series e.g. "Deadly 60"). It is expected that this will replace "SMart" as no more "SMart" episodes have been aired since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2912289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912289" title="State Fair Park Arboretum">
State Fair Park Arboretum

State Fair Park Arboretum is an arboretum and gardens located on the grounds of the State Fair Park, 17th and Holdrege Streets, Lincoln, Nebraska.
The arboretum features over two hundred types of woody plants, as well as various gardens including All-America Selection bedding plants, butterfly garden, herb garden, native plant display, ornamental grass collection, prairie garden, rock garden, shade garden, vegetable garden, viburnum collection, water garden, and wildlife plantings.

</doc>
<doc id="2912292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912292" title="Mathematics of Sudoku">
Mathematics of Sudoku

The class of Sudoku puzzles consists of a partially completed row-column grid of cells partitioned into "N" regions each of size "N" cells, to be filled in using a prescribed set of "N" distinct symbols (typically the numbers {1, ..., "N"}), so that each row, column and region contains exactly one of each element of the set. The puzzle can be investigated using mathematics.
Overview.
The mathematical analysis of Sudoku falls into two main areas: analyzing the properties of a) completed grids and b) puzzles. Grid analysis has largely focused on counting (enumerating) possible solutions for different "variants". Puzzle analysis centers on the initial "given" values. The techniques used in either are largely the same: combinatorics and permutation group theory, augmented by the application of programming tools.
There are many Sudoku variants, (partially) characterized by the size ("N") and shape of their regions. For classic Sudoku, "N"=9 and the regions are 3x3 squares (called blocks or boxes). A rectangular Sudoku uses rectangular regions of row-column dimension "R"×"C". For "R"×1 (and 1×"C"), i.e. where the region is a row or column, Sudoku becomes a Latin square.
Other Sudoku variants also exist, such as those with irregularly-shaped regions or with additional constraints (hypercube) or different (Samunamupure) constraint types. See Sudoku — Variants for a discussion of variants and Sudoku terms and jargon for an expanded listing.
The mathematics of Sudoku is a relatively new area of exploration, mirroring the popularity of Sudoku itself. NP-completeness was documented late 2002, enumeration results began appearing in May 2005. 
In contrast with the two main mathematical approaches of Sudoku mentioned above, an approach resting on mathematical logic and dealing with the resolution of the puzzles from the viewpoint of a player has recently been proposed in Denis Berthier's book "The Hidden Logic of Sudoku". This formalizes certain mathematical symmetries of the game and elicits resolution rules based on them, such as "hidden xy-chains".
Mathematical context.
The general problem of solving "Sudoku" puzzles on "n"2 × "n"2 boards of "n" × "n" blocks is known to be NP-complete.  For "n"=3 (classical "Sudoku"), however, this result is of little relevance: algorithms such as Dancing Links can solve puzzles in fractions of a second.
Solving "Sudoku" puzzles can be expressed as a graph coloring problem. Consider the 9 × 9 = 32 × 32 case. The aim of the puzzle in its standard form is to construct a proper 9-coloring of a particular graph, given a partial 9-coloring. The graph in question has 81 vertices, one vertex for each cell of the grid. The vertices can be labeled with the ordered pairs
("x", "y"), where "x" and "y" are integers between 1 and 9. In this case, two distinct vertices labeled by ("x", "y") and ("x"′, "y"′) are joined by an edge if and only if:
The puzzle is then completed by assigning an integer between 1 and 9 to each vertex, in such a way that vertices that are joined by an edge do not have the same integer assigned to them.
A valid "Sudoku" solution grid is also a Latin square. There are significantly fewer valid "Sudoku" solution grids than Latin squares because "Sudoku" imposes the additional regional constraint. Nonetheless, the number of valid "Sudoku" solution grids for the standard 9×9 grid was calculated by Bertram Felgenhauer and Frazer Jarvis in 2005 to be 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960 .  The number computed by Felgenhauer and Jarvis confirmed a result first identified by QSCGZ in September 2003. This number is equal to 9! × 722 × 27 × 27,704,267,971, the last factor of which is prime. The result was derived through logic and brute force computation. Russell and Jarvis also showed that when symmetries were taken into account, there were 5,472,730,538 solutions . The number of valid "Sudoku" solution grids for the 16×16 derivation is not known.
The number of minimal 9×9 Sudoku puzzles is not precisely known. (A minimal puzzle is one in which no clue can be deleted without losing uniqueness of the solution.) However, statistical techniques combined with the definition of a new type of generator (), allow to show that there are approximately (with 0.065% relative error):
The maximum number of givens that can be provided while still not rendering the solution unique, regardless of variation, is four short of a full grid; if two instances of two numbers each are missing and the cells they are to occupy are the corners of an orthogonal rectangle, and exactly two of these cells are within one region, there are two ways the numbers can be added. The inverse of this would be the fewest givens that render a solution unique. Japanese puzzle enthusiasts have found a number of valid puzzles with 17 givens, and 18 with the givens in rotationally symmetric cells. Researchers at University College, Dublin have shown by exhaustive search that no valid puzzles with just 16 givens exist.
Sudokus from group tables.
As in the case of Latin squares the (addition- or) multiplication tables (Cayley tables) of finite groups can be used to construct Sudokus and related tables of numbers. Namely, one has to take subgroups and quotient groups into account:
Take for example formula_1 the group of pairs, adding each component separately modulo some formula_2.
By omitting one of the components, we suddenly find ourselves in formula_3 (and this mapping is obviously compatible with the respective additions, i.e. it is a group homomorphism).
One also says that the latter is a quotient group of the former, because some once different elements become equal in the new group.
However, it is also a subgroup, because we can simply fill the missing component with formula_4 to get back to formula_1.
Under this view, we write down the example formula_6:
Each Sudoku region looks the same on the second component (namely like the subgroup formula_7), because these are added regardless of the first one.
On the other hand, the first components are equal in each block, and if we imagine each block as one cell, these first components show the same pattern (namely the quotient group formula_7).
As already outlined in the article of Latin squares, this really is a Latin square of order formula_9.
Now, to yield a Sudoku, let us permute the rows (or equivalently the columns) in such a way, that each block is redistributed exactly once into each block — for example order them formula_10.
This of course preserves the Latin square property. Furthermore, in each block the lines have distinct first component by construction
and each line in a block has distinct entries via the second component, because the blocks' second components originally formed a Latin square of order formula_11 (from the subgroup formula_7).
Thus we really get a Sudoku (Rename the pairs to numbers 1...9 if you wish)! With the example and the row permutation above, we yield:
For this method to work, one generally does not need a product of two equally-sized groups. A so-called short exact sequence of finite groups
of appropriate size already does the job. Try for example the group formula_13 with quotient- and subgroup formula_14.
It seems clear (already from enumeration arguments), that not all Sudokus can be generated this way.
Terminology.
A "puzzle" is a partially completed "grid". The initial puzzle values are known as "givens" or "clues". The "regions" are also called "boxes" or "blocks". The use of the term "square" is generally avoided because of ambiguity.
Horizontally adjacent blocks constitute a "band" (the vertical equivalent is called a "stack").
A "proper" puzzle has a unique solution. The constraint" 'each digit appears in each row, column and region' " is called the "One Rule".
See basic terms or the List of Sudoku terms and jargon for an expanded list of terminology.
Variants.
Sudoku regions are polyominoes. Although the classic 9x9 Sudoku is made of square nonominoes, it is possible to apply the rules of Sudoku to puzzles of other sizes – the 2x2 and 4x4 square puzzles, for example. Only N2xN2 Sudoku puzzles can be tiled with square polyominoes. Another popular variant is made of rectangular regions – for example, 2x3 hexominoes tiled in a 6x6 grid. The following notation is used for discussing this variant. "R"x"C" denotes a rectangular region with "R" rows and "C" columns. The implied grid configuration has "R" blocks per band ("C" blocks per stack), "C"×"R" bands×stacks and grid dimensions "N"x"N", with "N" = "R" · "C". Puzzles of size NxN, where N is prime can only be tiled with irregular N-ominoes. Each NxN grid can be tiled multiple ways with N-ominoes. Before enumerating the number of solutions to a Sudoku grid of size NxN, it is necessary to determine how many N-omino tilings exist for a given size (including the standard square tilings, as well as the rectangular tilings).
The size ordering of Sudoku puzzle can be used to define an integer series, e.g. for square Sudoku, the integer series of possible solutions .
Sudoku with square "N"x"N" regions are more symmetrical than immediately obvious from the "One Rule". Each row and column intersects N regions and shares N cells with each. The number of bands and stacks also equals N. Rectangular Sudoku do not have these properties. The "3x3" Sudoku is additionally unique: N is also the number of row-column-region constraints from the "One Rule" (i.e. there are N=3 types of "units").
See the List of Sudoku terms and jargon for an expanded list and classification of variants.
Definition of terms and labels.
Let
The number of solutions depends on the grid dimensions, rules applied and the definition of distinct solutions. For the 3×3 region grid, the conventions for labeling the rows, columns, blocks (boxes) are as shown. Bands are numbered top to bottom, stacks left to right. By extension the labeling scheme applies to any rectangular Sudoku grid.
Term labels for box-row and box-column "triplets" are also shown.
The {a, b, c} notation also reflects that fact a triplet is a subset of the allowed digits. For regions of arbitrary dimension, the related object is known as a "minicol(umn)" or "minirow".
Enumerating Sudoku solutions.
The answer to the question 'How many Sudokus are there?' depends on the definition of when similar solutions are considered different.
Enumerating all possible Sudoku solutions.
For the enumeration of "all" possible solutions, two solutions are considered distinct if any of their corresponding (81) cell values differ. Symmetry relations between similar solutions are ignored., e.g. the rotations of a solution are considered distinct. Symmetries play a significant role in the enumeration strategy, but not in the count of "all" possible solutions.
Enumerating the Sudoku 9×9 grid solutions directly.
The first known solution to complete enumeration was posted by QSCGZ to the "rec.puzzles" newsgroup in 2003, obtaining 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960 () distinct solutions.
The first published approach to enumerate Sudoku solutions ('Enumerating possible Sudoku grids' by Felgenhauer and Jarvis) was to analyze the permutations of the top band used in valid solutions. Once the Band1 symmetries and equivalence classes for the partial grid solutions were identified, the completions of the lower two bands were constructed and counted for each equivalence class. Summing completions over the equivalence classes, weighted by class size, gives the total number of solutions as 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960, confirming the value obtained by QSCGZ. The value was subsequently confirmed numerous times independently. The Algorithm details section (below) describes the method.
Enumeration using band generation.
A second enumeration technique based on "band generation" was later developed that is significantly less computationally intensive.
Enumerating essentially different Sudoku solutions.
Two valid grids are "essentially" the same if one can be derived from the other.
Sudoku preserving symmetries.
The following operations always translate a valid Sudoku grid into another valid grid: (values represent permutations for classic Sudoku)
These operations define a symmetry relation between equivalent grids.
Excluding relabeling, and with respect to the 81 grid cell values, the operations form a subgroup of the symmetric group S81, of order 3!8×2 = 3359232.
It has been shown that any fixed operation on the tiles that always translates a valid Sudoku grid into another valid grid can be generated from the operations listed above (excluding relabeling).
Identifying distinct solutions with Burnside's Lemma.
For a solution, the set of equivalent solutions which can be reached using these operations (excluding relabeling), form an orbit of the symmetric group. The number of essentially different solutions is then the number of orbits, which can be computed using Burnside's lemma. The Burnside "fixed points" are solutions that differ only by relabeling. Using this technique, Jarvis/Russell computed the number of essentially different (symmetrically distinct) solutions as
5,472,730,538.
Enumeration results.
Enumeration results for many Sudoku variants have been calculated: these are summarised below.
Sudoku with rectangular regions.
In the table, "Dimensions" are those of the regions (e.g. 3x3 in normal Sudoku). The "Rel Err" column indicates how a simple approximation, using the generalised method of Kevin Kilfoil, compares to the true grid count: it is an underestimate in all cases evaluated so far.
The standard 3×3 calculation can be carried out in less than a second on a PC. The 3×4 (= 4×3) problem is much harder and took 2568 hours to solve, split over several computers.
Sudoku bands.
For large ("R","C"), the method of Kevin Kilfoil (generalised method:) is used to estimate the number of grid completions. The method asserts that the Sudoku row and column constraints are, to first approximation, conditionally independent given the box constraint. Omitting a little algebra, this gives the Kilfoil-Silver-Pettersen formula:
where "b"R,C is the number of ways of completing a Sudoku band of "R" horizontally adjacent "R"×"C" boxes. Petersen's algorithm, as implemented by Silver, is currently the fastest known technique for exact evaluation of these "b"R,C.
The band counts for problems whose full Sudoku grid-count is unknown are listed below. As in the previous section, "Dimensions" are those of the regions.
The expression for the 4×C case is:
formula_16
where:
Sudoku with additional constraints.
The following are all restrictions of 3x3 Sudokus. The type names have not been standardised: click on the attribution links to see the definitions.
All Sudokus remain valid (no repeated numbers in any row, column or region) under the action of the Sudoku preserving symmetries (see also Jarvis ). Some Sudokus are special in that some operations merely have the effect of relabelling the digits; several of these are enumerated below.
Further calculations of this ilk combine to show that the number of essentially different Sudoku grids is 5,472,730,538, for example as demonstrated by Jarvis / Russell and verified by Pettersen. Similar methods have been applied to the 2x3 case, where Jarvis / Russell showed that there are 49 essentially different grids (see also the article by Bailey, Cameron and Connelly ), to the 2x4 case, where Russell showed that there are 1,673,187 essentially different grids (verified by Pettersen ), and to the 2x5 case where Pettersen showed that there are 4,743,933,602,050,718 essentially different grids (not verified).
Minimum number of givens.
"Proper puzzles" have a unique solution. An "irreducible puzzle" (or "minimal puzzle") is a proper puzzle from which no givens can be removed leaving it a proper puzzle (with a single solution). It is possible to construct minimal puzzles with different numbers of givens. This section discusses the minimum number of givens for proper puzzles.
Ordinary Sudoku.
A paper by Gary McGuire, Bastian Tugemann, and Gilles Civario, released on 1 January 2012 proved through exhaustive computer search that the minimum number of givens is 17 in general Sudoku. A few 17-clue puzzles with diagonal symmetry were provided by Ed Russell, after a search through equivalence transformations of Gordon Royle's database of 17-clue puzzles.
When the positions of the givens are constrained to be half-turn rotationally symmetric, there exist 18-clue puzzles although it is not known whether this number is minimal.
Sudoku with additional constraints.
Additional constraints (here, on 3×3 Sudokus) lead to a smaller minimum number of clues.
Sudoku with irregular regions.
"Du-sum-oh" (a.k.a. "geometry number place") puzzles replace the 3×3 (or "R"×"C") regions of Sudoku with irregular shapes of a fixed size. Bob Harris has proved that it is always possible to create "N"-1 clue du-sum-ohs on an "N"×"N" grid, and has constructed several examples. Johan de Ruiter has proved that for any "N">3 there exist polyomino tilings that can not be turned into a Sudoku puzzle with "N" irregular shapes of size "N".
Sum number place ("Killer Sudoku").
In sum number place (Samunamupure), the regions are of irregular shape and various sizes. The usual constraints of no repeated value in any row, column or region apply. The clues are given as sums of values within regions (e.g. a 4-cell region with sum 10 must consist of values 1,2,3,4 in some order). The minimum number of clues for Samunamupure is not known, nor even conjectured.
A variant on Miyuki Misawa's web site replaces sums with relations: the clues are symbols =, < and > showing the relative values of (some but not all) adjacent region sums. She demonstrates an example with only eight relations. It is not known whether this is the best possible.
Method and algorithm details for the 9×9 grid direct enumeration.
The approach described here was the historically first strategy employed to enumerate the Sudoku 9×9 grid solutions, as published by Felgenhauer and Jarvis in
'Enumerating possible Sudoku grids'.
The methods and algorithms used are very straight forward and provide a practical introduction to several mathematical concepts. The development is presented here for those wishing to explore these topics.
The strategy begins by analyzing the permutations of the top band used in valid solutions. Once the Band1 symmetries and equivalence class for the partial solutions are identified, the completions of the lower two bands are constructed and counted for each equivalence class. Summing the completions over the equivalence classes gives the total number of solutions as 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960 (c. ).
Counting the top band permutations.
The Band1 algorithm proceeds as follows:
Solution and counting permutation symmetry.
The Band1 symmetries (above) are "solution permutation symmetries" defined so that a permuted solution is also a solution. For the purpose of enumerating solutions, a "counting symmetry" for grid completion can be used to define band equivalence classes that yield a minimal number of classes.
"Counting symmetry" partitions valid Band1 permutations into classes that place the same completion constraints on lower bands; all members of a band "counting symmetry" equivalence class must have the same number of grid completions since the completion constraints are equivalent. Counting symmetry constraints are identified by the Band1 column triplets (a column value set, no implied element order). Using band counting symmetry, a minimal generating set of 44 equivalence classes was established.
Note, while column triplets are used to construct and identify the equivalence classes, the class members themselves are the valid Band1 permutations: class size (Sb.z) reflects column triplet permutations compatible with the "One Rule" solution requirements. "Counting symmetry" is a completion property and applies only to a partial grid (band or stack). "Solution symmetry" for preserving solutions can be applied to either partial grids (bands, stacks) or full grid solutions. Lastly note, "counting symmetry" is more restrictive than simple numeric completion count equality: two (distinct) bands belong to the same "counting symmetry" equivalence class only if they impose equivalent completion constraints.
Band 1 reduction details.
Symmetries group similar object into equivalence classes. Two numbers need to be distinguished for equivalence classes, and band symmetries as used here, a third:
The Band1 (65) symmetries divide the (56×66) Band1 valid permutations into (not less than) 336 (56×6) equivalence classes with (up to) 6^5 permutations each.
The "not less than" and "up to" caveats are necessary, since some combinations of the transformations may not produce distinct results, when relabeling is required (see below). Consequently some equivalence classes may contain less than 65 distinct permutations and the theoretical minimum number of classes may not be achieved.
Each of the valid Band1 permutations can be expanded (completed) into a specific number of solutions with the Band2,3 permutations. By virtue of their similarity, each member of an equivalence class will have the same number of completions. Consequently we only need to construct the solutions for one member of each equivalence class and then multiply the number of solutions by the size of the equivalence class.
We are still left with the task of identifying and calculating the size of each equivalence class. Further progress requires the dexterous application of computational techniques to catalogue (classify and count) the permutations into equivalence classes.
Felgenhauer/Jarvis catalogued the Band1 permutations using lexicographical ordered IDs based on the ordered digits from blocks B2,3. Block 1 uses a canonical digit assignment and is not needed for a unique ID. Equivalence class identification and linkage uses the lowest ID within the class.
Application of the (2×62) B2,3 symmetry permutations produces 36288 (28×64) equivalence classes, each of size 72. Since the size is fixed, the computation only needs to find the 36288 equivalence class IDs. (Note: in this case,
for any Band1 permutation, applying these permutations to achieve the lowest ID provides an index to the associated equivalence class.)
Application of the rest of the block, column and row symmetries provided further reduction, i.e. allocation of the 36288 IDs into fewer, larger equivalence classes.
When the B1 canonical labeling is lost through a transformation, the result is relabeled to the canonical B1 usage and then catalogued under this ID. This approach generated 416 equivalence classes, somewhat less effective than the theoretical 336 minimum limit for a full reduction.
Application of "counting symmetry" patterns for "duplicate paired" digits achieved reduction to 174 and then to 71 equivalence classes. The introduction of equivalence classes based on "band counting symmetry" (subsequent to Felgenhauer/Jarvis by Russell ) reduced the equivalence classes to a minimum generating set of 44.
The diversity of the ~, 56×66 Band1 permutations can be reduced to a set of 44 Band1 equivalence classes. Each of the 44 equivalence classes can be expanded to millions of distinct full solutions, but the entire solution space has a common origin in these 44. The 44 equivalence classes play a central role in other enumeration approaches as well, and speculation will return to the characteristics of the 44 classes when puzzle properties are explored later.
Band 2-3 completion and results.
Enumerating the Sudoku solutions breaks into an initial setup stage and then into two nested loops. Initially all the valid Band1 permutations are grouped into equivalence classes, who each impose a common constraint on the Band2,3 completions.
For each of the Band1 equivalence classes, all possible Band2,3 solutions need to be enumerated. An outer Band1 loop iterates over the 44 equivalence classes. In the inner loop, all lower band completions for each of the Band1 equivalence class are found and counted.
The computation required for the lower band solution search can be minimised by the same type of symmetry application used for Band1. There are 6! (720) permutations for the 6 values in column 1 of Band2,3. Applying the lower band (2) and row within band (6×6) permutations creates 10 equivalence classes of size 72. At this point, completing 10 sets of solutions for the remaining 48 cells with a recursive descent, backtracking algorithm is feasible with 2 GHz class PC so further simplification is not required to carry out the enumeration.
Using this approach, the number of ways of filling in a blank Sudoku grid was shown in May 2005 (original announcement ) to be 6,670,903,752,021,072,936,960 ().
The paper 'Enumerating possible Sudoku grids' by Felgenhauer and Jarvis, describes the calculation.
The result, as confirmed by Russell, also contains the distribution of solution counts for the 44 equivalence classes. The listed values are before application of the 9! factor for labeling and the two 72 factors (722 = 5184) for each of Stack 2,3 and Band2,3 permutations. The number of completions for each class is consistently on the order of 100,000,000, while the number of Band1 permutations covered by each class however varies from 4 – 3240. Within this wide size range, there are clearly two clusters. Ranked by size, the lower 33 classes average ~400 permutations/class, while the upper 11 average ~2100. The disparity in consistency between the distributions for size and number of completions or the separation into two clusters by size is yet to be examined.
Constraints of Clue Geometry.
It has been postulated that no proper sudoku can have clues limited to the range of positions in the pattern below.
The largest rectangular orthogonal "hole" (region with no clues) in a proper sudoku is believed to be a rectangle of 30 cells (a 5 x 6 rectangular area).
The largest total number of empty groups (rows, columns, and squares) in a sudoku is believed to be nine. One example is the following; a sudoku which has 3 empty squares, 3 empty rows, and 3 empty columns and gives 22 clues.
Automorphic Sudokus.
Automorphic sudokus are sudoku puzzles which solve to an automorphic grid. A grid is automorphic if it can be transformed in a way that leads back to the original grid, when that same transformation would not otherwise lead back to the original grid. An example of a grid which is automorphic would be a grid which can be rotated 180 degrees resulting in a new grid where the new cell values are a permutation of the original grid. An example of an automorphic sudoku which solves to such a grid is below.
Notice that if this sudoku is rotated 180 degrees, and the clues relabeled with the permutation (123456789) -> (987654321), it returns to the same sudoku. Expressed another way, this sudoku has the property that every 180 degree rotational pair of clues (a, b) follows the rule (a) + (b) = 10.
Since this sudoku is automorphic, so too its solution grid must be automorphic. Furthermore, every cell which is solved has a symmetrical partner which is solved with the same technique (and the pair would take the form a + b = 10).
In this example the automorphism is easy to identify, but in general automorphism is not always obvious. There are several types of transformations of a sudoku, and therefore automorphism can take several different forms too. Among the population of all sudoku grids, those that are automorphic are rare. They are considered interesting because of their intrinsic mathematical symmetry.

</doc>
<doc id="2912294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912294" title="Mieczysław Garsztka">
Mieczysław Garsztka

Mieczysław Sylwester Garsztka (December 31, 1896 - June 10, 1919) was a Polish pilot, a flying ace of the German air force during World War I.
World War I German service.
He was born to a Polish family in Bromberg (Bydgoszcz). Some sources state his forename as Sylvester, but Mieczysław was his first name and was the one used by him. He intended to study medicine but in November 1915 he was mobilized into the German army. Initially he served in the infantry on the Western Front with Grenadier Regiment 110 and Infantry Regiment 87. After completing officer training in April 1917 he became a Leutnant. 
He was slightly injured commanding a company in the 1st battalion of the 1st Nassau Infantry Regiment Nr. 87, and was awarded the Iron Cross 2nd class. Then he asked to be transferred to the air service, and in November 1917 he was sent to flying school. 
After completing his flying training in Posen, and then a fighter pilot course in Nivelles, he was assigned to Jagdstaffel 31 ("Jasta" 31) in St. Loup in Champagne on 7 June 1918. Initially he flew the Albatros D.V and later the Fokker D.VII fighter.
His combat career was short but successful. He shot down his first claim, a SPAD fighter on 16 July 1918 and was given a fighter pilot badge. On 18 September he shot down an S.E.5a and a DH.9 bomber, then another DH.9 on 25 September. The following day he shot down a Sopwith Camel of No. 208 Squadron, and on 30 September he claimed his sixth (and last) kill, an S.E.5a. from No. 92 Squadron.
On 2 October he was wounded during combat with Camels of No. 46 Squadron RAF, and managed to land and was hospitalised. His probable victors were Captain Donald MacLaren, James Leith and Cyril H. Sawyer. Garsztka was the only pilot of Jasta 31 to became a fighter ace. On 25 September 1918 he was awarded with the Iron Cross 1st Class.
Polish service.
After the war when Poland regained independence, Garsztka broke through the border to Poland and on 7 December 1918 joined the Polish Air Force. At first he was made an instructor pilot in Warsaw as he was skilled in German aircraft pilotage, but he asked to be sent to the front. At that time, the Polish forces were fighting with Ukrainian forces for control of Lwów (Lviv) and the surrounding area. On 9 May 1919 Garsztka was sent to the 7th Air Escadrille (later known as the Kościuszko Squadron) in Lwów. From 10 May to 7 June he undertook sixteen combat missions, mostly as a pilot of a bomber-reconnaissance LVG C.VI. Among others on 14 May, he flew three times bombing Ukrainian positions.
On 10 June 1919, Mieczysław Garsztka killed in an aircrash, flying a newly reconstructed SPAD S.VII fighter in Lwów. The cause of the crash was wing fabric failure. He was posthumously awarded with Virtuti Militari 5th Class. He was buried in Lychakivskiy Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2912301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912301" title="Leif Shiras">
Leif Shiras

George Livingston "Leif" Shiras (born August 21, 1959, in Norwalk, Connecticut) is a former professional tennis player from the United States and now a tennis journalist.
Personal life.
Shiras attended high school at Shorewood High School in Shorewood, Wisconsin.
Prior to his professional career, Shiras played tennis at Princeton University, where he was an NCAA All-American in 1979 and 1980.
Tennis career.
During his career as a player, Shiras reached one top-level final – at the Queen's Club Championships in 1984, where he lost to John McEnroe 1–6, 6–3, 2–6 (having beaten Ivan Lendl in the first round). His best singles performance at a Grand Slam event came at Wimbledon in 1989, where he reached the fourth round. His career-high ranking was World No. 31 in singles (in 1984) and World No. 57 in doubles in (in 1988).
Shiras retired from the professional tour in 1990. Since then, he has worked as a tennis journalist, primarily as a commentator for the Tennis Channel, British Sky Sports and Fox Sports. In 1993, he moved from Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to where he currently resides, in Laguna Hills, California, with his two sons, Emmett and Austin, and his wife Maria. 
In 1995, Shiras won the Wimbledon over-35 men's doubles title (partnering Paul McNamee).

</doc>
<doc id="2912302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912302" title="List of wings of the United States Air Force">
List of wings of the United States Air Force

This is a list of Wings in the United States Air Force, focusing on AFCON wings. Air Force active duty and civilian personnel strength now must be at 1,000 or more for wings.
AFCON versus MAJCOM Wings.
This page currently focuses on one of the two historical categories of USAF wings -'AFCON' (Headquarters (US) Air Force CONtrolled) units or 'permanent' units, which during the Cold War period were readily distinguished by having one, two or three digit designations, such as the 1st Fighter Wing, 60th Military Airlift Wing, 355th Fighter Wing, and could go through a series of inactivations and activations and still retain their lineage.
There were also MAJCOM (major air command controlled) wings, such as the Strategic Wings of the 50s and 60s, which, under the USAF organization and lineage system, are four-digit units, for example, the 4137th Strategic Wing, and whose lineage (histories, awards, and battle honors) ended with their discontinuance and could never be revived.
MAJCOM wings are fundamentally 'temporary', though many stayed in existence for a very long time, and then were revived with a different name but the same number. But under the USAF lineage system they cannot carry on the histories of the previous unit.
When the B-52 dispersal began in the fifties, the new Strategic Air Command units created to support this program were MAJCOM wings and given four-digit designations. Headquarters SAC was well aware of the historical significance of records and accomplishments of the strategic wings and the need to perpetuate this lineage as well as the lineage of many illustrious units that were no longer active.
In order to retain the lineage of the combat units and to perpetuate the lineage of many currently inactive units with illustrious World War II records, Headquarters SAC received authority from Headquarters USAF to discontinue its strategic wings that were equipped with combat aircraft and to activated AFCON units, most of which were inactive at the time.
The reorganization process, which took place from January to September 1963, was applied to 22 B-52 strategic wings, three air-refueling wings, and the 4321st Strategic Wing at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. "These units were discontinued and two and three-digit AFCON units were activated. In most cases, the bombardment squadron that had been assigned to the strategic wings were inactivated and bombardment squadrons that had previously been assigned to the newly-activated wings were activated. While these actions were almost tantamount to redesignation, they were not official redesignation. Therefore, the records, awards and achievements of the strategic wing could not be inherited by the bomb wings."
During the Gulf War of 1990–91 MAJCOM wings, such as the 7440th Composite Wing (Prov) at Incirlik AB, Turkey, served alongside Provisional Wings such as the 801st Bomb Wing (Provisional) at Morón Air Base, Spain, and other AFCON wings.
In the 1990s MAJCOM wings were mostly inactivated and replaced with AFCON wings. Perhaps the most well known example was the 4404th Wing in Saudi Arabia which was replaced by a three-digit AFCON wing, the 363d Air Expeditionary Wing. It is not clear whether any MAJCOM wings still exist, or whether the system is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="2912303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912303" title="Thomas Addis Emmet">
Thomas Addis Emmet

Thomas Addis Emmet (April 24, 1764 – November 14, 1827) was an Irish and American lawyer and politician. He was a senior member of the revolutionary republican group United Irishmen in the 1790s and New York State Attorney General 1812–1813.
Background.
Thomas Addis Emmet was born in the Hammond's Marsh area of Cork City in 1764 to Dr. Robert Emmet from Tipperary (later to become State Physician of Ireland) and Elizabeth Mason of Kerry, both of whose portraits are today displayed at Cork's Crawford Art Gallery. He was the elder brother of Robert Emmet who was himself executed for leading the Irish Rebellion of 1803, becoming one of Ireland's most famous Republican martyrs. Thomas Addis Emmet was educated at Trinity College, Dublin and was a member of the committee of the College Historical Society. He later studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh and was a pupil of Dugald Stewart in philosophy. After visiting the chief medical schools on the continent, he returned to Ireland in 1788; but the sudden death of his elder brother, Christopher Temple Emmet (1761–1788), a student of great distinction, induced him to follow the advice of Sir James Mackintosh to forsake medicine for the law as a profession. He married Jane Patten in 1791.
United Irishman.
Emmet was a man of liberal political sympathies and became involved with campaign to extend the democratic franchise for the Irish Parliament and to end discrimination against Catholics. He was called to the Irish bar in 1790 and quickly obtained a practice, principally as counsel for prisoners charged with political offenses. He also become the legal adviser of the Society of the United Irishmen.
When the Dublin corporation issued a declaration of support of the Protestant ascendancy in 1792, the response of the United Irishmen was their non-sectarian manifesto which was largely drawn up by Emmet. In 1795 he formally took the oath of the United Irishmen, becoming secretary in the same year and a member of the executive in 1797. As by this time the United Irishmen had been declared illegal and driven underground, any efforts at peaceful reform of government and Catholic emancipation in Ireland were abandoned as futile, and their goal was now the creation of a non-sectarian Irish republic, independent from Britain and to be achieved by armed rebellion. Although Emmet supported this policy, he believed that the rebellion should not commence until French aid had arrived, differing from more radical members such as Lord Edward Fitzgerald.
Arrest and exile.
British intelligence had infiltrated the United Irishmen and managed to arrest most of their leaders on the eve of the rebellion. Though not among those taken at the house of Oliver Bond on the 12th of March 1798 (see Lord Edward Fitzgerald), he was arrested about the same time, and was one of the leaders imprisoned initially at Kilmainham Jail and later in Scotland at Fort George until 1802. Upon his release he went to Brussels where he was visited by his brother Robert Emmet in October 1802 and was informed of the preparations for a fresh rising in Ireland in conjunction with French aid. However, at that stage France and Britain were briefly at peace, and the Emmets' pleas for help were turned down by Napoleon.
He received news of the failure of Robert Emmet's rising in July 1803 in Paris, where he was in communication with Napoleon Bonaparte. He then emigrated to the United States and joined the New York bar where he obtained a lucrative practice.
New York Attorney General.
After the death of Matthias B. Hildreth, he was appointed New York State Attorney General in August 1812, but was removed from office in February 1813 when the opposing Federalist Party obtained a majority in the Council of Appointment.
Later career.
His abilities and successes became so acclaimed and his services so requested that he became one of the most respected attorneys in the nation, with United States Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story declaring him to be "the favourite counsellor of New York." He argued the case for Ogden in the landmark United States Supreme Court case of "Gibbons v. Ogden", 22 U.S. 1 (1824) relating to the Commerce and Supremacy clauses of the United States Constitution.
Death and legacy.
Emmet died while conducting a case in court on the 14th of November 1827. He was buried in St Mark's-in-the-Bowery Churchyard in the East Village, New York City.
Samuel F. B. Morse painted a famous portrait of Emmet that was exhibited in the National Portrait Gallery and was auctioned by Sotheby's in 2010. Maxwell kept the oil on canvas painting. When Maxwell died in 1873, he left the painting to the New York Law Institute.
Thomas Addis Emmet is the father of prominent New York jurist and Irish American activist Robert Emmet (born in Dublin), grandfather of another prominent New York jurist and attorney general, Richard Stockton Emmet, and great-grandfather of the notable American portrait artist sisters Rosina Emmet Sherwood, Lydia Field Emmet and Jane Emmet de Glehn, as well as their first cousin Ellen Emmet Rand. Rosina's twin brother was West Point graduate and Medal of Honor winner Robert Temple Emmet. He is the great-great-grandfather of the playwright Robert Emmet Sherwood. His grandson, Dr Thomas Addis Emmet, a prominent doctor and Irish American activist, requested that he be re-buried in Ireland so he could "rest in the land from which my family came." Dr Emmet is interred in Glasnevin Cemetery in Dublin, the final resting place of many of Ireland's patriots. His grave marker was designed by the father and brother of the revolutionary Patrick Pearse.

</doc>
<doc id="2912304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912304" title="Armenian Workers Communist Party">
Armenian Workers Communist Party

Armenian Labour Communist Party (in Armenian: "Hayastani Ashkhatavorutian Komunistakan Kusaktsutiun") was a political party in Armenia. On July 7, 2003, the party merged into the United Communist Party of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2912310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912310" title="Armenian Workers Union">
Armenian Workers Union

Armenian Workers Union was a political party in Armenia founded in 1999. On July 7, 2003, the party merged into the United Communist Party of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2912313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912313" title="Itha T. Krumme Memorial Arboretum">
Itha T. Krumme Memorial Arboretum

The Itha T. Krumme Memorial Arboretum (2 acres) is an arboretum located at West 25th and Stanton Lake Park Road, next to Stanton Lake Park, northwest of Falls City, Nebraska. It is open without charge during daylight hours.
The arboretum features 30 types of trees and 20 varieties of shrubs, grasses, and wildflowers. All are native to Nebraska. Trees include paw paw, shagbark hickory, and all Nebraska-native oak species.

</doc>
<doc id="2912315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912315" title="Anton Furst">
Anton Furst

Anton Furst (6 May 1944 – 24 November 1991) was a production designer who won an Academy Award for designing the "noirish" nightmare version of Gotham City in Tim Burton's "Batman" (1989). Furst was unable to return to its sequel, "Batman Returns", due to contractual obligations; he was replaced by Bo Welch.
Life and career.
Born Anthony Francis Furst in London, England, he trained at the Royal College of Art, London.
He designed two award-winning television films, "Just One Kid" and "It's a Lovely Day Tomorrow" for director/producer John Goldschmidt. He gained high praise for his work on Neil Jordan's "The Company of Wolves" (1984). He went on to create convincing Vietnam War settings, without leaving England, for Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket" (1987), and in 1991 designed the themes for the Planet Hollywood restaurant in New York. His final credited film was "Awakenings" (1990).
Furst committed suicide on 24 November 1991. He had separated from his wife and began taking Halcion, a sleeping drug that had been banned in Britain due to its possible side effects of amnesia, paranoia and depression. His drinking also became more of a problem. He was about to check into a rehab in 1992, and told his friends he was going to the car to fetch his cigarettes and jumped off an eighth story parking deck.
He was survived by a daughter, Vanessa King, a son, Nicholas Sergei Furst, his mother, Pamela Furst, and a sister, Jane Wearne.

</doc>
<doc id="2912317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912317" title="List of Atlantic hurricanes before 1600">
List of Atlantic hurricanes before 1600

This is a list of all known or suspected Atlantic hurricanes before 1600. Although most storms likely went unrecorded, and many records have been lost, recollections of hurricane occurrences survive from some sufficiently populated coastal areas and rarely ships at sea that survived the tempests.
Atlantic hurricane seasons
Before 1600 1600s 1700s
Observation data for years before 1492 is completely unavailable because most natives of North America lacked written languages to keep records in the pre-Columbian era, and most records in written Mesoamerican languages either do not survive or have not been deciphered and translated. Scientists now regard even data from the early years of the Columbian era as suspicious because Renaissance scientists and sailors made no distinction between tropical cyclones and extratropical systems and incomplete because European exploration of North America and European colonization of the Americas reached only scattered areas in the 16th century.
However, paleotempestology research allows reconstruction of pre-historic hurricane activity trends on timescales of centuries to millennia. A theory has been postulated that an anti-phase pattern exists between the Gulf of Mexico coast and the East Coast of the United States. During the quiescent periods, a more northeasterly position of the Azores High would result in more hurricanes being steered towards the Atlantic coast. During the hyperactive period, more hurricanes were steered towards the Gulf coast as the Azores High—controlled by the North Atlantic Oscillation—was shifted to a more southwesterly position near the Caribbean. In fact, few major hurricanes struck the Gulf coast during 3000 BC–1400 BC and again during the most recent millennium; these quiescent intervals were separated by a hyperactive period during 1400 BC and AD 1000, when catastrophic hurricanes frequently struck the Gulf coast, and their landfall frequencies increased by a factor of three to five. On the Atlantic coast, probability of landfalling hurricanes has doubled in the recent millennium compared to the one and a half millennia before.
Using sediment samples from Puerto Rico, the Gulf coast and the Atlantic coast from Florida to New England, Michael E. Mann "et al." (2009) found consistent evidence of a peak in Atlantic tropical cyclone activity during the Medieval Warm Period followed by a subsequent lull in activity.

</doc>
<doc id="2912320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912320" title="Metel">
Metel

""Metel"" (from Russian: "Метель" - "Blizzard") was a Guards Torpedo boat, Storm class, of the Soviet Navy. Commissioned in 1934, it was attached to the Pacific Fleet. During World War II the ship fought mainly against the Imperial Japanese Navy in the Far East. On August 26, 1945 it acquired guards status and the ship's commander, Captain-Lieutenant L. N. Balyakin, was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union on September 14.

</doc>
<doc id="2912323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912323" title="Cristina Branco">
Cristina Branco

Branco was originally drawn to jazz and forms of Portuguese music before finally opting for fado after being introduced to the music of Amália Rodrigues by her grandfather. Branco studied the poems from which major fado lyrics are taken. Branco continues to work on her fado repertory, accompanied by Custódio Castelo on guitar and as composer.

</doc>
<doc id="2912330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912330" title="Paisean Faisean">
Paisean Faisean

Paisean Faisean ("Passion Fashion") is an Irish language television dating show broadcast on TG4. It was presented in the first three series by Aoife Ní Thuairisg, and in the fourth series by Bláthnaid Nic Dhonnchadha and Mairéad Ní Chuaig. The fifth series saw Nic Dhonnchadha present alongside Síle Seoige.
Format.
Magma films bought the format from Digital Rights Group with the line "Boys buy clothes for girls" from that Clodagh Freeman created the series. Magma films get a percentage of international rights as they bought the format from paper and brought it to the screen first.
The format of the show traditionally involves three men choosing outfits for one woman - although the episode aired on 19 November 2007 featured four gay men. The suitors are shown a short pre-recorded clip of the girl, wearing jeans and a white T-shirt, in which she introduces herself and gives clues as to which clothes she likes. Each man shops in a different shop, and has €400 spending money (raised to €500 in the fourth season). The person for whom the outfits are purchased must then base her choice of "date" on which outfit she likes the best. The winning man and the woman then share dinner in a restaurant.
Magma Films, producers of "Paisean Faisean", have since sold the rights to Zoo Productions who will produce the series for MTV under the title "Style Date". The show has also been produced in Turkey, while a Polish version is expected later on this year.
Controversies.
Advertising.
In the show's second season it raised some controversy, when complaints were upheld against two of its advertisements by the Advertising Standards Authority of Ireland; a billboard advertisement depicting a woman in slightly revealing clothing led to complaints of 'reducing women to mere sexual objects'; and a radio advertisement in which a woman complains about people being able to see her underwear, with the response 'Not if you're not wearing any, they won't', led to complaints about sexual equality. Angela Kerins, Chair of the Equality Authority Board in Ireland came out strongly to confirm their condemnation of the advertisements.
Gay contestants.
Ní Thuairisg refused to film episodes featuring gay couples, claiming "incompatibility with her religious beliefs" (she is a Jehovah's Witness); this may have contributed to her departure as Magma Films produced such an episode in series four.

</doc>
<doc id="2912336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912336" title="Star Spell">
Star Spell

Star Spell is a BBC game show which put celebrities against each other in spelling related games, each one was subsequently eliminated until there was one Star Spell Champion. It was presented by Eamonn Holmes and was a spin off from the BBC programme "Hard Spell".
Episode list.
The one off pilot aired in January 2005 and the eventual title Star Spell Champion was awarded to Richard Whiteley. After the success of the pilot a series aired in October 2005 and the title of Star Spell Champion was won by Vanessa Feltz.

</doc>
<doc id="2912337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912337" title="R. A. Torrey">
R. A. Torrey

Reuben Archer Torrey (28 January 1856 – 26 October 1928), was an American evangelist, pastor, educator, and writer.
Biography.
Torrey was born in Hoboken, New Jersey, on 28 January 1856. He graduated from Yale University in 1875 and Yale Divinity School in 1878. Following graduation, Torrey became a Congregational minister in Garrettsville, Ohio, in 1878. The following year he married Clara Smith, and the Torreys had five children.
After further studies in theology at Leipzig University and Erlangen University in 1882–1883, Torrey joined Dwight L. Moody in his evangelistic work in Chicago in 1889, and became superintendent of the Bible Institute of the Chicago Evangelization Society (now Moody Bible Institute). Five years later, he became pastor of the Chicago Avenue Church (now The Moody Church) in 1894. 
In 1898, Torrey served as a chaplain with the YMCA at Camp Chicamauga during the Spanish-American War. Later, during World War I, he performed similar service at Camp Bowie (a POW camp in Texas) and Camp Kearny.
In 1902–1903, he preached in nearly every part of the English-speaking world and with song leader Charles McCallon Alexander conducted revival services in Great Britain from 1903 to 1905. During this period, he also visited China, Japan, Australia, and India. Torrey conducted a similar campaign in American and Canadian cities in 1906–1907. Throughout these campaigns, Torrey utilized a meeting style that he borrowed from Moody's campaigns of the 1870s. In 1907, he accepted an honorary doctorate from Wheaton College. 
In 1912, Torrey was persuaded to build another institution like Moody Bible Institute, and from 1912 to 1924, he served as Dean of the Bible Institute of Los Angeles (now Biola University) and contributed to the BIOLA publication, "The King's Business". Beginning in 1915, he served as the first pastor of the Church of the Open Door, Los Angeles. Torrey was one of the three editors of "The Fundamentals", a twelve-volume series that gave its name to what came to be called "fundamentalism". 
Torrey held his last evangelistic meeting in Florida in 1927, additional meetings being canceled because of his failing health. He died at home in Asheville, North Carolina, on October 26, 1928, having preached throughout the world and written more than 40 books. 
Torrey-Gray Auditorium, the main auditorium at Moody, was named for Torrey and his successor, James M. Gray. At Biola, the Torrey Honors Institute honors him, as does the university's annual Bible conference.

</doc>
<doc id="2912376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912376" title="Wachtendonk">
Wachtendonk

Wachtendonk at the confluence of Niers River and Nette River is a municipality in the district of Kleve in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located west of the Rhine half way between Duisburg and Venlo at the Dutch border. Its name means 'bailiff's Donk' (Donk = slight elevation within a swampy area).

</doc>
<doc id="2912381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912381" title="Lustfaust">
Lustfaust

Lustfaust is a musical project created by artists Mike Harte, Euan Rodger, Jamie Shovlin, and Murray S Ward, though other musicians played with them, including Eleanor Mills. 
The project was originally introduced as a collection of material created by and relating to a 1970s German glam rock band, whose memorabilia were notably featured in the Beck's Futures exhibition in 2006, and which deceived "Sunday Times" cultural commentator Waldemar Januszczak into running an article describing their claimed activities in giving away free copies of their music to fans. Januszczak went so far as to tip the collection for the Beck's Futures prize.
The exhibit was eventually runner up for the prize after Lustfaust were revealed as a fabrication, set within a combination of fictional and actual histories. Shovlin had previously gained notoriety by setting up an exhibition of art that was claimed to have been produced by a 13-year-old missing schoolgirl called Naomi V. Jelish. 
The work has been praised for the depth of its deception — the artists set up fake web sites about the band and added it to Wikipedia, assembled photographs and chronologies for their tours, recorded an interview with the band's "German-Belgian frontman", and even recorded excerpts of music which were attributed to them. The deception was so deep that some viewers actually boasted of having seen the band live. This was in spite of deliberate clues which had been included in the exhibition, such as notes describing the band as veering "dangerously close to Spinal Tap-isms" and "an obscurantist's dream". 
One person who guessed at the exhibition's nature was "The Times" art critic Rachel Campbell-Johnston. Four days before Januszczak's piece was published, she praised the collection, but cautioned "Don’t be surprised if the entire band is a fabrication — down to its references on internet sites."
In 2007, Lustfaust began to perform live shows across Europe in numerous cities. Featuring a loose and revolving collection of musicians, by 2011 they had performed at a broad range of venues including the Institute of Contemporary Arts London, Museo Madre Napoli, Teatro Eliseo Roma and The Big Chill Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2912388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912388" title="VDA-FS">
VDA-FS

VDA-FS is a CAD data exchange format for the transfer of surface models from one CAD system to another.
Its name is an abbreviation of "Verband der Automobilindustrie - Flächenschnittstelle", which translates to the "automotive industry association - surface data interface".
Standard was specified by the German organization VDA
VDA-FS has been superseded by STEP, ISO 10303. 

</doc>
<doc id="2912391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912391" title="Premuda">
Premuda

Premuda () is a little island in Croatia, off the northern Adriatic coast. It belongs to the north Dalmatian islands which are situated north-west from the county center Zadar. Premuda is approximately long, up to wide, and has an area of . It is situated southwest of Silba and northwest of Škarda and is the last island before the Italian coastline.
The town of Premuda has about 50 inhabitants but the population strongly varies during the summer season. The population of Premuda is cultivating olives and breeding sheep and in the last few years they have become involved with the tourism. There are three restaurants on the island.
Premuda is a popular destination among nautical and diving tourists. Premuda has some very popular diving spots. The "Katedrala" is a system of connected caves with beautiful light rays that fall through the porous ceiling of the caves. An also famous diving spot is the wreck of the World War I Austro-Hungarian battleship SMS Szent István, which is located in a depth between 40–60 meters (131–199 feet) and accessible only by experienced divers.

</doc>
<doc id="2912396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912396" title="Rebound (sports)">
Rebound (sports)

'Rebound' is a term used in sports to describe the ball (or puck or other object of play) becoming available for possession by either opponent after an attempt to put the ball or puck into the goal has been unsuccessful. Rebounds are generally considered to be a major part of the game, as they often lead either to a possession change or to a second (and often better) opportunity to score by the side whose initial attempt failed.
In sports such as basketball and netball, the term is also used as either noun or verb to describe the successful retrieval of the ball in that circumstance.
In sports that have an assigned goalkeeper or goaltender, after that player makes a save, they may (and if they are able, usually should) then retain immediate possession of the ball or puck themselves, thus preventing a rebound from occurring.
Rebounds in basketball.
In basketball, rebounds are divided into two categories: offensive rebounds, in which the ball is recovered by the offensive side and does not change possession, and defensive rebounds, in which the defending team gain possession of the loose ball. Generally, most rebounds are defensive because the team on defense tends to be in better position (in other words, closer to the basket) to recover missed shots. Often these are grouped under the heading Rebounds per game which denotes the average number of rebounds a player or team averages for a series or season.

</doc>
<doc id="2912400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912400" title="United Communist Party of Armenia">
United Communist Party of Armenia

United Communist Party of Armenia (, abbreviated ՀՄԿԿ / HMKK, "Hayastani Miatsial Komunistakan Kusaktsutyun") is a political party in Armenia. It was formed on July 7, 2003 through the merger of:
The HMKK held its first congress on March 25, 2004. Yuri Manoukian was elected First Secretary of the party. The meeting saw the election of a 77-member Central Committee and a 17-member Politburo.
The HMKK considers itself as a 'constructive opposition party'. It has closer links to the government than the main Armenian Communist Party and does not join opposition fronts.
The HMKK extended its support to the successful presidential bid of then-Defense Minister Serzh Sargsyan.

</doc>
<doc id="2912401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912401" title="Jack Canfield">
Jack Canfield

Jack Canfield (born August 19, 1944) is an American motivational speaker and author. He is best known as the co-creator of the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" book series, which currently has nearly 200 titles and 112 million copies in print in over 40 languages. According to "USA Today", "Chicken Soup for the Soul" and several of the series titles by Canfield and his writing partner, Mark Victor Hansen, were among the top 150 best-selling books of the last 15 years (October 28, 1993 through October 23, 2008).
In July 2004, Jack Canfield founded the Transformational Leadership Council, a group of speakers, authors, coaches and other leaders in the fields of personal and professional development. The members of TLC meet semi-annually, and as of January 2012, membership numbered 120.
Biography.
Canfield has worked as a teacher, a workshop facilitator, and a psychotherapist. He is a Democrat and a follower of "The Secret" and the Law of Attraction, and his hobbies include tennis, travel, skiing, running, billiards, reading, and guitar. In 1962, he graduated from high school at Linsly Military Institute in Wheeling, West Virginia and he received a BA in Chinese History in 1966 from Harvard University and an MEd at University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1973. In 1978 he was named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Men of America (TOYA) by the U.S. Jaycees. On September 9, 1978, he married Georgia Lee Noble, with whom he had a son (Christopher N. Canfield). They divorced in December 1999. On July 4, 2001, Canfield married Inga Marie Mahoney. In the recently released "Long Past Stopping", Canfield's first son, Oran, from a previous marriage, details a troubled childhood with a distant father, as well as his skepticism of the entire self-help genre in which his father became famous.
Career.
In 1990, Canfield shared with Mark Victor Hansen the idea for the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series and after three years, the two had compiled sixty-eight stories. Canfield has appeared on numerous television shows, including "Good Morning America", "20/20" and "NBC Nightly News".
Canfield is the founder of "Self Esteem Seminars" in Santa Barbara, and "The Foundation for Self Esteem" in Culver City, California. He is also the founder and CEO of the Canfield Training Group. One of Canfield's most recent books, "The Success Principles" (2005), shares 64 principles that he claims can make people more successful. In 2008, he wrote "The Success" "Principles for Teens" with Kent Healy, as a result of the success of his original book. In 2006, he appeared in the DVD, "The Secret", and also in the book titled "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne and shared his insights on the Law of Attraction and tips for achieving success in personal and professional life. In the summer of 2004 Canfield founded The Transformational Leadership Council (TLC), a closed membership, invitation only members' club.
Apart from being an author, Canfield is also a speaker and trainer. He conducts seminars focused on peak performance, such as "Break Through to Success". He also trains speakers and trainers about training and teaching the Success Principles through his Train the Trainer program.

</doc>
<doc id="2912407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912407" title="Mafalda Arnauth">
Mafalda Arnauth

Mafalda Arnauth is a fado singer. She was born in Lisbon, Portugal, in October 1974 and started her career in 1995 when invited by João Braga to participate in a concert at S. Luis's Theater.
Arnauth released a debut album in 1999. It received positive reviews and won the Prize for Best Upcoming Voice by the weekly magazine Blitz. She performed concerts in the Netherlands, in the Louisiana Centre (Denmark), and in Italy at the festival Sete-Sois, Sete-Luas and the Centro Cultural de Belém (Lisbon).
Her second album, "Esta voz que me atravessa" (English: "This voice that goes through me") was released in 2001, produced by Amélia Muge and José Martins. Her next album "Encantamento" was self-produced. Arnauth said it "leaves fatality, disgrace, and nostalgia behind. Hope is fed on sadness; inspiration on suffering; strength and courage on difficulties."

</doc>
<doc id="2912415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912415" title="Philip Cashian">
Philip Cashian

Philip Cashian (born 1963) is an English composer. He is the head of composition of the Royal Academy of Music.
Biography.
Born in Manchester in 1963, Cashian studied at Cardiff University, the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and in 1997 received a DMus from Durham University. His teachers have included Professor Simon Bainbridge, Lukas Foss and Oliver Knussen.
He has won various awards, including the Britten Prize and the PRS Prize. Commissions have included a "Chamber Concerto" (1995), "Night Journeys" for timpani and percussion (1998) commissioned by the London Symphony Orchestra, "Io" by the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, "Black Venus" for solo guitar (1999), "Silent Steps" (1995) commissioned by the Haffner Wind Quintet, "A Sea of Tales" for the ensemble Endymion, "Tableaux" for orchestra (2003) commissioned by the Northern Sinfonia, "Piano Concerto" (2006) for the London Sinfonietta, and "Apollo" for ensemble (2005).
He has served as a professor of composition at the Royal Academy of Music in London and since 2007 as its head of composition. He is also a visiting professor at the Bath Spa University College, Birmingham Conservatoire and Goldsmiths College. 

</doc>
<doc id="2912421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912421" title="Mary Wambui">
Mary Wambui

Mary Wambui is a Kenyan businesswoman and politician. She succeeded former president Mwai Kibaki as the member of parliament for Othaya. She is allegedly Kibaki's second wife. The Wambui family claim that Mwai married Mary in 1972 under Kikuyu customary law and have a daughter, Wangui Mwai. 
In 2004 the media reported that Kibaki has a second spouse allegedly married under customary law, Mary Wambui, and a daughter, Wangui Mwai. After the news broke, the State House released an unsigned statement that Kibaki's only immediate family is his wife, Lucy and their four children. The "Washington Post" termed the entire scandal as a "new Kenyan soap opera". In 2009, Kibaki, accompanied by a furious Lucy Kibaki, held a press conference to re-state to the world that he only has one wife. Although officially denied status as a wife, Wambui is provided with all the trappings of a presidential spouse including armed bodyguards and limousines. 
In an interview with "The Standard" written on April 5, 2007, Winnie said that she and Artur Margaryan, a suspected mercenary from Armenia, intended to marry in the future. 
Before she joined parliamnet, Mary Wambui was often been described as a National Rainbow Coalition(Narc)activist and later as "The National alliance (TNA)-activist" when she switched loyalties. (The National Alliance), a Kenyan political party.
At a recent interview with the media in Kenya, Wambui said that she had five children but was reluctant to disclose their names.

</doc>
<doc id="2912426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912426" title="Baderic">
Baderic

Baderic, Baderich, Balderich or Boderic (ca. 480 – 529), son of Bisinus and Basina, was a co-king of the Thuringii. He and his brothers Hermanfrid and Berthar succeeded their father Bisinus. After Hermanfrid defeated Berthar in battle, he invited King Theuderic I of Metz to help him defeat Baderic in return for half of the kingdom. Theuderic I agreed and Baderic was defeated and killed in 529. Hermanfrid became the sole king.

</doc>
<doc id="2912427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912427" title="Ashish Patel">
Ashish Patel

Ashish Patel (born July 31, 1975 in Quebec) is a Canadian cricketer. A medium-pacer, he took his place in the team given the absence of several players for the 2001/02 Americas Cup, followed by a strong performance in the ICC 6 Nations Challenge in Namibia.
He participated in the 2003 Cricket World Cup, and made an impressive debut in which he disposed of South Africans Herschelle Gibbs and Jacques Kallis. He took more wickets than any other bowler in the ICC 6 Nations Challenge of 2004. He has not played for Canada since the final of the 2004 ICC Intercontinental Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2912429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912429" title="Deirdre Gribbin">
Deirdre Gribbin

Deirdre Gribbin (born 1967 in Belfast) is a composer from Northern Ireland. She studied at Queen's University Belfast where, at the age of twenty, she began to compose. Further studies were in London and in Denmark (the latter with Per Nørgård). Her first professional success came in 1991, when her piano piece "Per Speculum in Aenigmate" won the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival Composition Prize.
Subsequent major works have included the piano quartet "Jack B." (inspired by the work of the Irish painter Jack B. Yeats), the piano trio "How to make the water sound", the opera "Hey Persephone!", the violin concerto "Venus Blazing" and the clarinet concerto "Celestial Pied Piper", the latter composed in New York where she was a Fulbright Fellow in 1999-2000. Several of her works respond to the political climate of her homeland, such as the ensemble piece "Tribe", the orchestral work "Unity of Being", and her epic percussion concerto "Goliath", premiered at the Belfast Festival in 2006.
She won an award in the 2003 UNESCO International Rostrum of Composers with her orchestral work "Empire States", and an Arts Foundation Award for her first opera, "Hey Persephone!". She was Artistic Director of the London-based Society for the Promotion of New Music (SPNM) from 2003-05. Richard Morrison of the "Times" wrote of her in June 2004: "This Belfast born composer is one of the most original thinkers in years."
Gribbin lectures in composition at Trinity College of Music in Greenwich.

</doc>
<doc id="2912431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912431" title="TRT Haber">
TRT Haber

TRT Haber (English: TRT News) is a Turkish television station. Prior to March 18, 2010, it was known as TRT 2.
Introduction.
TRT 2 started test transmissions on September 15, 1986 as "2. Kanal", and is now TRT's second most watched TV station. 
TRT 2 programs include education, culture (documentaries, arts and culture programs and debates), news (daily agenda, economics, arts and culture, news programs), sports, music (all kinds and tunes), drama (drama series, modern adaptations, select works from Turkish and World cinema, cartoons and series for children).
Programming.
The channel has a focus on culture and arts and offers highbrow programming.
Programmes and content include:
Current programming.
Cinema 7 - News about the latest cinema releases in Turkey, interviews with top directors plus other features.
From World Cinemas - A subtitled world cinema film every Friday night.
Documentaries - Produced by TRT and/or international broadcasters. 
Examples include "How Art Made The World" and "Pilot Guides".
Sinemasal - Selected examples of fine and more arty Turkish cinema, every Sunday night.
European Vision - Following Turkey's progress with regards to European Union membership, Avrupa Viziyonu provides expert advice and analysis on the process, covering all areas from agriculture to youth.
Rengahenk - Daily programme covering the latest news from the world of culture and art.
News - During the day TRT 2 functions mostly as a news channel with on the hour news plus analysis, local news, economic news, health advice, sports news and discussion. Prime time news programmes also exist in the form of Kirmizi Hat.
Music - Classical music concerts, ballet and opera, Turkish folk and classical music, world music.
In the past.
Like its sister channel TRT 1, TRT 2 aired many world-known series for the first time in Turkey. Among them were "Married… with Children", "Wiseguy", "21 Jump Street", "Hill Street Blues", "Beauty and the Beast", "Yesenia", "The Young and the Restless", "ALF", "Los Ricos También Lloran", "Lovejoy", "Small Wonder", "Stingray", "MacGyver", "Airwolf", "The Yellow Rose", "Mike Hammer", "Fame", "The Twilight Zone", "Matlock", "Crime Story", "Tour of Duty", "Lottery!", "Diff'rent Strokes", "Gimme a Break!", "St. Elsewhere", "Happy Days", "My Secret Identity", "Who's the Boss?" and "The Jeffersons".
From 1989 to 2001 TRT Gap was broadcasting on TRT 2.

</doc>
<doc id="2912436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912436" title="2005 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay">
2005 World Championships in Athletics – Men's 4 × 400 metres relay

The 4 x 400 metre relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium on August 13 and August 14.
Qualifying.
From the initial two heats the first three teams in each plus two fastest losers progressed through to the final.
All times shown are in seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2912437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912437" title="Hyperdrive (TV series)">
Hyperdrive (TV series)

Hyperdrive is a British television science fiction sitcom broadcast by BBC Two in 2006 and 2007. The working title was "Full Power". In a 2008 interview, Kevin Eldon commented that he considered a third series was unlikely to be commissioned. Set in 2151 and 2152, it follows the crew of HMS "Camden Lock" as they stumble through their heroic mission to protect British interests in a changing galaxy.
The series is written by Kevin Cecil and Andy Riley, directed by John Henderson and produced by Alex Walsh-Taylor. The first episode was broadcast on BBC Two on 11 January 2006. A second series began on 12 July 2007 on BBC Two.
HMS "Camden Lock".
The design for HMS "Camden Lock" was based loosely upon the BT Tower in London. It is a 'Wendover' class ship and measures 376m long by 90m wide. The ship's registration is XH558 - the same serial number as the last flying Avro Vulcan bomber. Shuttlebay doors on the "Camden" are shown with the Union Jack embossed on them, which is part of the proudly British theme of the series. Camden Lock is the name of a lock on a canal in the real Camden in London.
The "Camden Lock" is powered by "P-Rods", with the P standing for "Perfectly safe", although it is rumoured to stand for "Plutonium". Her maximum speed is 170 Vs—any higher and the reactors overheat. Her maximum crush depth is 197 atmospheres.
The "Camden Lock" is armed with missiles and pulse weapons of some form. The laser guns wielded by her crew bear a striking resemblance to crutches.
The Green Javelins (a "space-o-batics" precision flying team that appear in Series 2, Episode 1) also use 'Wendover' class ships. (The Red Arrows are the Royal Air Force's aerobatic team.)
Alien races.
The Glish.
The Glish are repulsive-looking, slimy creatures who like to communicate by drooling and licking. Commander Henderson causes a diplomatic conflict by not allowing the Glish ambassadors to rub their genitals on his face.
The Queppu.
A Medieval-ish race living on a mostly desert planet. They have a pseudo-feudal society with monarchical (if not totalitarian) government. Typical dress includes jester-like bright red latex suits. The despotic and insane king desires that everyone "marvel" at his civilization, for example, he possesses a "Doom Ray", with which he threatens Henderson, Teal, and York and at which he expects them to marvel. The "Doom Ray" apparently takes three days to disintegrate a single person and a whole week to recharge. The princess bears a remarkable resemblance to Lucrezia Borgia. As revealed in "Artifact", they gained a space-faring capability after half of the population was sold as food to an insectoid species to 'grind up in their mandibles to feed to their larval young.' The King described this as a good trade.
The Lallakkis.
A pseudo-Medieval race. They dress in somber brown leather, appear unkempt, have the mental capability of 10-year-olds, and are eager to play chicken and use violence at slightest irritation. Every war the race participates in, a battle song is written. One of their battle songs is "Kill the Humans", which includes a death threat for Commander Henderson in the lyrics. The race is possibly caricatures of the British Chav subculture, or the Ali G stereotype of white youth.
The Bulaagh.
A highly advanced race, but very haughty, looking down on everyone else. Not as trigger-happy as the Lallakkis, but nevertheless ally themselves against Britain with the Lallakkis after Commander Henderson caused the destruction of an asteroid that was the subject of a dispute between the two races.
The Red Shiny Robots of Vortis.
A parody of the Borg. A race eager to absorb information and knowledge of various races, exterminating them in the process. They appear to be clad in red latex, they extract the minds of the lifeforms into the "data-sphere" which leaves the bodies dead, although it has the weakness of disruption if those who are having their minds "harvested" think of falsehoods (allusion to the Star Fleet attempt to plant an optical illusion computational worm in the Borg collective in the I, Borg episode).
There is also a model of Red Shiny Robot of Vortis used for infiltration, designed to look like attractive women, though based on the episode, it's debatable whether they truly understand the concept of attractive.
The Engulfers.
Extradimensional beings of pure energy, they consume atoms and excrete black holes. They are able to swallow spaceships whole.
The Scrane.
Interstellar pirates who are interested in stealing the most lethal weapon the Space Fleet has at its disposal.
Episode list.
The original pilot episode was first named ""Lepus"" and later ""Full Power"", It starred Sanjeev Bhaskar as Henderson and Mark Gatiss as York, the rest of the cast was the same as in the series. It was directed by Armando Iannucci and was never aired.

</doc>
<doc id="2912443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912443" title="Bertachar">
Bertachar

Berthar or Bertachar was a son of Bisinus and Basina. He and his brothers Hermanfrid and Baderic succeeded their father Bisinus to the rule over the Thuringii. Berthar, however, was soon defeated by Hermanfrid in battle.
Berthar had one daughter, Radegund (later canonised), who married the Frankish king Clotaire I.

</doc>
<doc id="2912446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912446" title="Sanjay Ayre">
Sanjay Ayre

Sanjay Claude Ayre (born 19 June 1980 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a world-class Jamaican sprinter specializing in the 400 meters. 
Puma North America Signed Ayre to an undisclosed record 3 year contract in June 2003. Together with Brandon Simpson, Lansford Spence and Davian Clarke he won a bronze medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. Sanjay Ayre won a bronze medal at the 2000 Olympic Games along with Haughton, Blackwood, Mcfarlene, and Mcdonald. This bronze was later upgraded to a silver medal in 2008. A successful college athlete, Ayre was a 14-time All-American while attending Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama and was also named the "NCAA Indoor Freshman of the Year" in 2000. He earned a gold medal at the 2004 World Indoor Championships in the 4 × 400 meters relay event. Ayre also competed in the 400 meter event and was a finalist in the 4 × 400 meters relay at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Sanjay Ayre graduated from Auburn University with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Criminology.
Early career.
Ayre attended Calabar High School in St. Andrew, Jamaica where he was an all around athlete, as well as DeWitt Clinton High School in the Bronx, New York, and participated in multiple sports. In addition to his track & field accomplishments, he was recognized for his outstanding athletic ability in soccer and swimming. Under the coaching of Edward Hector, he was voted the "1999 High School Athlete of the Year" after winning the 400 meter title at the Indoor and Outdoor National Scholastic meets. At the age of 18, Ayre made his senior debut representing Jamaica in the 4 × 400 meters relay at the 1999 World Indoor Championships in Maebashi, Japan. This team went on to break the Jamaican National Record. Sanjay Ayre also won gold medals at the 1999 Junior Pan American Games and remains as the only Jamaican junior athlete to win the 400 meter title.
While enrolled at Auburn University, he quickly established himself as a collegiate sprint talent under the guidance of Ralph Spry, who also coached Auburn alumnus and 400 meter World Champion Avard Moncur.
As a freshman, Ayre won the 2000 SEC 400 meter Indoor title and achieved five All-American honors. Somewhat hampered by injuries throughout his sophomore year, Ayre regained form late summer 2001, and competed for the Jamaican World Championship team in the 400 meter and 4 × 400 meters relay events. As a junior, he continued his stellar collegiate career receiving multiple All-American honors and went on to compete in the 400 meter and 4 × 400 meters relay events at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England. In his final season as a collegiate athlete, Ayre finished as the NCAA 400 meter Indoor Runner-up and received additional All-American honors during his 2003 outdoor campaign.
After an outstanding collegiate career, Sanjay turned professional and remained at Auburn to be coached by Ralph Spry until 2005. Following a successful 2005 season, Ayre moved on to be coached by world-renowned 400 meter coach, Clyde Hart.
Professional career.
Ayre commenced his professional career while still considered a collegiate athlete. However, his first appearance as a professional athlete was at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, DR where he earned a gold medal in the 4 × 400 meters relay. In 2004, Ayre competed at the World Indoor Games where he earned another gold medal in the 4 × 400 meters relay. For Sanjay Ayre, success continued throughout 2005 as he maintained a top-ten world ranking at 400 meters. After a disappointing 2006 season, Ayre rallied back to win a gold medal at the Central American & Caribbean Games in the 4 × 400 meters relay.
In 2007 he filled the summer with dominating 400 meter performances culminating with the 2007 Jamaican National Championships where on 24 June 2007 he would win the 400 meter title in 45.07 s and go on to compete in the 4 × 400 meters relay at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka, Japan and ultimately finish his season with another top-ten world-ranking.
In 2008, Ayre was a member of the Jamaican Olympic team that recorded dominating performances in the sprint events at the Olympic Games in Beijing, China. While there, Ayre competed in the 400 meter and 4 × 400 meters relay events. Sanjay Ayre along with teammates Michael Blackwood, Ricardo Chambers, and Lansford Spence finished a disappointing eighth place after being favored to win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="2912450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912450" title="Soviet cruiser Maxim Gorky">
Soviet cruiser Maxim Gorky

Maxim Gorky () was a Project 26bis of the Soviet Navy that saw action during World War II and continued in service into the Cold War. The ship’s bow was blown-off by a mine in the Gulf of Riga during the opening stages of Operation Barbarossa, but she made it to Kronstadt for repairs. However, after being repaired, the ship was trapped in harbour for most of the war, by Axis minefields at Leningrad and Kronstadt. Despite being trapped, Maxim Gorky was active in two engagements: the ship provided gunfire in support for the defenders during the Siege of Leningrad, and she later bombarded Finnish positions during the Vyborg–Petrozavodsk Offensive in mid-1944. She saw no further action in World War II. A major modernization was begun in 1953, but the navy reconsidered the cost-effectiveness of the refit and work was cancelled in 1955. "Maxim Gorky" was sold for scrap in 1959.
Description.
"Maxim Gorky" was long at the waterline, and long overall. She had a beam of and had a draft between . She displaced at standard load and at full load. Her steam turbines produced a total of during her sea trials and propelled the ship to a maximum speed of . This was barely short of her designed speed of 37 knots and was because she was over overweight. She normally carried of fuel oil, at full load and at overload. This gave her an endurance of at .
"Maxim Gorky" carried nine 57-calibre B-1-P guns in three electrically powered MK-3-180 triple turrets. Her secondary armament consisted of six single 56-calibre B-34 anti-aircraft guns fitted on each side of the rear funnel. Her light anti-aircraft guns consisted of nine semi-automatic 21-K guns and four DShK machine guns. Six 39-Yu torpedo tubes were fitted in two triple mountings.
Wartime modifications.
By 1944 "Maxim Gorky" had exchanged her 45 mm guns for 15 fully automatic 37 mm 70-K AA guns with one thousand rounds per gun, two extra DsHK machine guns and two quadruple Lend-Lease Vickers .50 machine gun MK III mounts.
When war broke out in 1941 "Maxim Gorky" lacked radar, but she was equipped with British Lend-Lease radar by 1944. One Type 291 was used for air search. One Type 284 and two Type 285 radars were for main battery fire control, while anti-aircraft fire control was provided by two Type 282 radars.
Service.
"Maxim Gorky" was laid down at the Ordzhonikidze Yard, Leningrad on 20 December 1936 as a slightly improved version, Project 26bis as designated by the Soviets, of the first pair of "Kirov"-class cruisers, which were called Project 26. She was launched on 30 April 1938 and was completed on 12 December 1938. The ship, and her escorts, ran into the German-laid "Apolda" minefield in the Gulf of Riga while providing cover for Soviet defensive mining efforts on 23 June 1941 and "Maxim Gorky" and the destroyer "Gnevny" both lost their bows, although "Gorky" made it to port where temporary repairs were made. The ship was transferred, with assistance, to Tallinn and later to Kronstadt. She had a new bow section fabricated at Kronstadt and it was mated with the ship on 21 July. For most of the rest of the war she was blockaded in Leningrad and Kronstadt by Axis minefields and could only provide gunfire support for the defenders during the Siege of Leningrad, for example she fired 285 180 mm shells on 4 September 1941 and 701 rounds during the Krasnoye Selo–Ropsha Offensive in January 1944. She also bombarded Finnish positions during the Soviet Vyborg–Petrozavodsk Offensive in June 1944. "Maxim Gorky" was repeatedly, if lightly, damaged by German air and artillery attacks, but her only extended refit occurred over the winter of 1942—43 when her upper deck was reinforced with 37-millimetre armour plates.
Postwar career.
"Maxim Gorky" tested the first Soviet naval helicopter, the Kamov Ka-10 in December 1950 and began her refit in mid-1953. This was planned to include a complete overhaul of her machinery while her radar, fire-control systems and anti-aircraft guns were to be replaced by the latest Soviet systems. Torpedo bulges were to be fitted which would increase her displacement by , with consequent penalties to her speed and range. The navy re-evaluated the scope of the work in 1955 and deemed it insufficient to create a fully modern ship and suspended the refit. "Maxim Gorky" was sold for scrapping on 18 April 1959 after the navy had decided that she wasn't needed as a missile-test ship.

</doc>
<doc id="2912455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912455" title="Baton Rouge Kingfish">
Baton Rouge Kingfish

The Baton Rouge Kingfish were a minor professional ice hockey team in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, as a member of the East Coast Hockey League. The franchise arrived in Baton Rouge in 1996 after relocating from Erie, Pennsylvania, where they had played as the Erie Panthers since 1988 as one of the ECHL's charter teams. After a team-naming contest, they were renamed the Kingfish in honor of legendary Louisiana governor and U.S. Senator Huey P. Long who shared the nickname. They played as the Baton Rouge Kingfish from 1996 to 2003 before moving to Victoria, British Columbia, as the Victoria Salmon Kings.
They played their home games at the Riverside Centroplex (since renamed Baton Rouge River Center) and maintained a parent club affiliation with the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League. Former coaches included Pierre McGuire, currently a commentator for NHL on NBC, Dave Schultz, the NHL's all-time record holder for penalty minutes in a single season (472), and Cam Brown, who served as a player-coach. Brown was also probably the most popular Kingfish player. He played every single season for the Kingfish and was either the captain or the player coach in every season but the first. Cam Brown currently holds the ECHL career records for both games played and penalty minutes. As of 2006 he continues to play in the league as a member of the Gwinnett Gladiators. His #44 was one of two to be retired by the Kingfish along with #55 of defenseman Scott Humeniuk who suffered a stroke while a member of the team.
Louisiana Hockey Rivalries.
Although league divisions were restructured several times, the Kingfish played most often in the Southwest Division, which usually included the (Biloxi) Mississippi Sea Wolves, Mobile Mysticks, Birmingham Bulls, Pensacola Ice Pilots, New Orleans Brass, Jackson Bandits, (Little Rock) Arkansas RiverBlades, and the (Lafayette) Louisiana IceGators who were one of the most successful franchises in the history of the ECHL, both in wins and ticket sales. The proximity of the IceGators, (about 50 miles west of Baton Rouge) contributed to them immediately becoming a fierce rival of both the Kingfish players and fans, a rivalry dubbed by bumper stickers as "the cold war". The rivalry was exacerbated by the departure of early Kingfish players like Blair Manning and Don Parsons (who was incidentally the original captain for the Kingfish) who went on to have successful careers with the IceGators.
Beginning with the Kingfish inaugural season in 1996-1997, the Kingfish and IceGators challenged each other annually for the Atchafalaya Governor's Cup, which was named for the river that divided the two cities and was awarded to the team with the best head-to-head record. The Kingfish won the cup in their first season despite finishing behind the IceGators in the division. The name of the cup was later changed to the Hibernia Cup when New Orleans subsequently joined the league, effectively making it a 3-way challenge for state bragging rights. New Orleans' arrival in the league did very little if anything to alter the chemistry between the existing rivals though they remained competitive in the division. Despite some modest success in head-to-head games against the IceGators, the Kingfish franchise ultimately spent most of its existence in their shadow, and were never able to match the on-ice success or popularity of the Lafayette club. The best finish for the Kingfish was in 1998-1999 as they went 3-3 in the Kelly Cup Playoffs, reaching the conference quarterfinals. Lafayette still remains the most active city in Louisiana for amateur hockey. 
Kingfish in the NHL.
Former Kingfish that went on to play in the NHL include forwards Reed Low, Alexandre Burrows, and Raitis Ivanans, defensemen Shane Hnidy and David Van Drunen, and goaltenders Johan Hedberg, and Travis Scott.
Kingfish players that had previously played in the NHL include forward Cam Brown and goaltenders Christian Soucy, Jordan Willis, and Mike Lenarduzzi. Pierre McGuire, who had previously coached the NHL's Hartford Whalers in 1993-94, joined the Kingfish in their inaugural season of 1996-97 as their head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="2912465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912465" title="Lady chapel">
Lady chapel

A Lady chapel, also called Mary chapel or Marian chapel, is a traditional English term for a chapel inside a cathedral, basilica, or large church dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. Most large medieval churches had such a chapel, as Roman Catholic and some Anglican ones still do, and middle-sized churches often had a side-altar dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
Traditionally, a Lady chapel is the largest chapel of the cathedral. Generally the chapel was built eastward of the high altar and formed a projection from the main building, as in Winchester, Salisbury, Chester, Exeter, Wells, St Albans, Chichester, Peterborough and Norwich cathedrals, in the two latter cases now destroyed.
The earliest English Lady chapel built was that in the Saxon cathedral of Canterbury; this was transferred in the rebuilding by Archbishop Lanfranc to the west end of the nave, and again shifted in 1450 to the chapel on the east side of the north transept. The Lady chapel at Ely Cathedral is a distinct building attached to the north transept, that was built before 1016. At Rochester the Lady chapel is west of the south transept.
Probably the largest Lady chapel was built by Henry III in 1220 at Westminster Abbey. This Lady chapel was wide, much in excess of any foreign example, and extended to the end of the site now occupied by Henry VII's Lady Chapel.
Among other notable English examples of Lady chapels are those at the parish church at Ottery St Mary, Thetford Priory, Bury St Edmunds Cathedral, Wimborne Minster, and Highfield Church in Hampshire. The Lady chapel was built over the chancel in Compton, Surrey; Compton Martin, Somersetshire; and Darenth, Kent. At Croyland Abbey there were two Lady chapels. The Priory Church at Little Dunmow was the Lady chapel of an Augustinian Priory and is now the Parish church.
The occurrence of Lady chapels varies by location. Lady chapels exist in most of the French cathedrals and churches where they form part of the chevet. In Belgium they were not introduced before the 14th century; in some cases they are of the same size as the other chapels of the chevet, but in others (probably rebuilt at a later period) they became much more important features. Some of the best examples can be found in churches of the Renaissance period in Italy and Spain.
It was in the Lady chapel towards the close of the Middle Ages, that innovations in church music were allowed, only the strict chant being heard in the choir.

</doc>
<doc id="2912468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912468" title="Topological K-theory">
Topological K-theory

In mathematics, topological -theory is a branch of algebraic topology. It was founded to study vector bundles on topological spaces, by means of ideas now recognised as (general) K-theory that were introduced by Alexander Grothendieck. The early work on topological -theory is due to Michael Atiyah and Friedrich Hirzebruch.
Definitions.
Let be a compact Hausdorff space and . Then is the Grothendieck group of the commutative monoid of isomorphism classes of finite-dimensional -vector bundles over under Whitney sum. Tensor product of bundles gives -theory a commutative ring structure. Without subscripts, usually denotes complex -theory whereas real -theory is sometimes written as . The remaining discussion is focussed on complex -theory, the real case being similar.
As a first example, note that the -theory of a point are the integers. This is because vector bundles over a point are trivial and thus classified by their rank and the Grothendieck group of the natural numbers are the integers.
There is also a reduced version of -theory, formula_1, defined for a compact pointed space (cf. reduced homology). This reduced theory is intuitively modulo trivial bundles. It is defined as the group of stable equivalence classes of bundles. Two bundles and are said to be stably isomorphic if there are trivial bundles and , so that . This equivalence relation results in a group since every vector bundle can be completed to a trivial bundle by summing with its orthogonal complement. Alternatively, formula_1 can be defined as the kernel of the map induced by the inclusion of the base point into .
-theory forms a multiplicative (generalized) cohomology theory as follows. The short exact sequence of a pair of pointed spaces 
extends to a long exact sequence
Let be the -th reduced suspension of a space and then define 
Negative indices are chosen so that the coboundary maps increase dimension. One-point compactification extends this definition to locally compact spaces without base points: 
Finally, the Bott periodicity theorem as formulated below extends the theories to positive integers.
Bott periodicity.
The phenomenon of periodicity named after Raoul Bott (see Bott periodicity theorem) can be formulated this way:
In real -theory there is a similar periodicity, but modulo 8.
Applications.
The two most famous applications of topological -theory are both due to J. F. Adams. First he solved the Hopf invariant one problem by doing a computation with his Adams operations. Then he proved an upper bound for the number of linearly independent vector fields on spheres.

</doc>
<doc id="2912478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912478" title="Lambeth local elections">
Lambeth local elections

Lambeth London Borough Council is elected every four years.
Lambeth's recent political history.
In 1979 the administration of Edward "Red Ted" Knight organised the borough’s first public demonstration against the Thatcher government.
In 1985, the left-wing Labour administration of Ted Knight was subjected to 'rate-capping' with its budget restricted by the Government. Knight and most of the Labour councillors protested by refusing to set any budget. This protest resulted in 32 councillors being ordered to repay to the council the interest the council had lost as a result of budgeting delays, and also being disqualified from office.
1991 saw Joan Twelves’s regime both failed to collect the poll tax and openly opposed the war in the Persian Gulf. Joan Twelves, and 12 other councillors were subsequently suspended from the labour party’s local group by regional officials for advocating non- payment of the poll tax and other radical ideas in 1992.
Joan's equily militant deputy leader in this era was John Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="2912485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912485" title="Alisa Camplin">
Alisa Camplin

Alisa Peta Camplin OAM (born 10 November 1974) is an Australian aerial skier who won gold at the 2002 Winter Olympics, the second ever winter olympic gold medal for Australia. At the 2006 Winter Olympics, Camplin finished third, a bronze medal. She is the first Australian skier to win medals at consecutive Winter Olympics.
Background.
Camplin is an ex-gymnast, standing at 157 cm tall. She was educated in Melbourne at the Methodist Ladies' College and has a bachelor's degree in information technology from Swinburne University of Technology. As a teenager, Alisa was an accomplished sailor, winning two Australian National Titles in the Hobie Cat catamaran class. Inspired by the example of three-time Olympian Kirstie Marshall, Camplin approached the Olympic Winter Institute of Australia in 1994 to see the possibilities of becoming an aerial skier. She was new to skiing, and even in Salt Lake she trampled on her victory flowers when she fell over during the trip to the winner's news conference.
She practiced jumps in a pond in Wandin (one hour's drive from Melbourne) and was coached by Todd Ossian.
Injuries she has suffered include a broken collarbone, broken hand, separated shoulder, two broken ankles, torn Achilles tendon, torn ACL, and nine concussions.
Before the 2002 Winter Olympics, none of the dozen top 10 results she had made on the World Cup circuit included a victory, and compatriot Jacqui Cooper was viewed as the favourite for the aerials event. While most athletes use flags to mark the start of their jumps, Alisa used a wooden spoon. The rationale was that early in her career, confusion was caused by both Alisa and Jacqui using Australian flags to mark their starts, but in Australia a wooden spoon is a metaphorical prize for people or teams coming last in their sporting event.
Salt Lake City 2002.
Alisa competed at the Olympics against doctors' advice – she had injured herself after being caught by a headwind in training a few weeks before. At the time, she was told she had bone bruising, it was not until she was examined by doctors in Salt Lake that she discovered both her ankles were fractured. The doctors were amazed that she was walking, let alone planning to jump.
Jacqui Cooper injured her knee in practice a week before the games. Alisa was so nervous she did not eat dinner the night before the final. Camplin performed a pair of triple-twisting, double backflip jumps to win the event.
Her family had been told to stay home by the athlete because she did not want distractions in the crowd, but her mother and younger sister Georgina defied her, watching her from behind a large Australian flag.
Camplin said that Steven Bradbury's recent win in short track made things easier for her: "When he came through, it almost pleased me that I didn't have to go out and do this," she said. "I knew that was a big thing my nation was trying to chase. When Steven did it, I was like, 'Good, I don't have the weight of the nation on my shoulders.'"
Camplin's gold was celebrated by Australia post issuing a 45 cent stamp of her. Her stamp was issued on 22 February, four days after her victory. She received A$20,000 for the use of her image. Camplin was delighted, saying "For us to be put in with the summer Olympians who had their stamps and the previous 39 sporting legends who’ve had their stamps is amazing."
Turin 2006.
In her preparations for the Turin Winter Olympics, Camplin incurred a serious knee injury in October 2005, requiring a knee reconstruction. To speed the healing process, she used the relatively uncommon practice of using donor tissue in the knee, and returned to limited training only 11 weeks after the surgery. She finished fourth at a World Cup event in Lake Placid to secure her place in the team. 
On 22 February, in a night competition that was marked by a thick fog that disturbed competitions to an extent, Camplin registered a score of 94.99 in her first jump, the fourth best. In the second jump, she received a 96.40, which temporarily placed her second, a silver medal. She was, however, eventually dislodged by China's Li Nina, finishing third behind Switzerland's Evelyne Leu, who won the event, and Nina, who took silver. She also benefited from the unexpected fall of China's Xinxin Guo, who had received the highest score in the first jump and was expected to secure a place in the Olympic podium — at which time Camplin, who was already third then, would have gone out of the medal zone.
She was selected to be the Australian flag-bearer at the Opening Ceremony.
Post-skiing career.
Camplin announced her retirement from competition in July 2006. She intends to pursue interests in the media and in the ski travel industry.
As of 30 July 2006, she is an international executive for IBM, works as a motivational speaker, and does promotional and charity work. Camplin currently works as a senior executive at IBM managing a team of over 300 people. She has been the face of Wrigley's Extra chewing gum in Australia since shortly after the 2002 Winter Olympics. She is also a judge on the Australian television competition "Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice", and runs Alisa Camplin Ski Tours.
On 4 November 2009, Alisa Camplin was one of 15 international torchbearers taking part in the relay's International media program, aimed at increasing global coverage of the cross-Canada relay. She ran on day 6 of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympic torch relay through the town of Dawson City in the Yukon Territory.
On 8 December 2009, It was announced that Alisa has joined the Collingwood Football Club board as a replacement for Sally Capp
Personal life.
Camplin married Oliver Warner in December 2010. Their first child, Finnan Maximus Camplin-Warner, was born six weeks prematurely on 10 March 2011. Finnan died 10 days later due to a congenital heart condition. Camplin and Warner have set up the charity Finnan's Gift (www.finnansgift.com.au), organised through the Royal Children's Hospital, to raise money to buy equipment that will detect heart defects in other babies. On 3 October 2013, Camplin gave birth to their second child, Florence Camplin-Warner.
Honours.
Camplin received a Medal of the Order of Australia in 2003 for her 2002 gold medal win. In 2008, she was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2912490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912490" title="Perfect Square">
Perfect Square

Perfect Square is a video recording of a concert by rock band R.E.M., filmed on 19 July 2003 at the Bowling Green in Wiesbaden, Germany. It was released in DVD format on the Warner Brothers label on March 9, 2004.
This concert is perhaps most notable for a performance of the song "Country Feedback", which Michael Stipe opens by declaring it his "favorite song". The rendition features appended lyrics from another song, "Reveal"'s "Chorus and the Ring", and a guitar solo by Peter Buck, neither of which are in the original. The performance (in audio form) also found its way onto the limited edition issue of the "In Time" compilation, which was released a few months after the Wiesbaden concert.
Other concert highlights include the appearance of two then-new songs, "Bad Day" (Also originally known as PSA when first written in the early 1980s) and "Animal", and the re-emergence of the long-lost song "Permanent Vacation". "Permanent Vacation" dates back to 1980, years before their first album, while "Bad Day" dates back to 1985.
Included on the DVD release is a bonus documentary, "A Stirling Performance", chronicling the band's three-night stand at Stirling Castle in Scotland in July 1999. The documentary demonstrates the effect the concerts had on Stirling and its residents. It was released in 2000.
The documentary premiered in the UK on October 17, 2000, at London's Metro Cinema during the Raindance Film Festival. Its US premiere occurred at 7 Stages in Atlanta, Georgia, on June 10, 2001.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe except as indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="2912492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912492" title="Graça Aranha, Maranhão">
Graça Aranha, Maranhão

Graça Aranha is a municipality and city in the state of Maranhão, Brazil. Founded in 1959 . 

</doc>
<doc id="2912493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912493" title="The Show Place Arena">
The Show Place Arena

The Show Place Arena is a 5,800-seat multi-purpose arena in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, which is used for sporting events, concerts, boxing and professional wrestling events, consumer shows, trade shows, religious services, graduations and other events. The Show Place Arena contains a 35,360-square-foot (136' by 260') floor allowing it to be used for various events such as concerts and trade shows. There are telescopic bleachers which can be placed in an open position to allow more permanent seating for events. In addition, equestrian, rodeo and other events use the arena with 6-8 inches of stonedust on the concrete floor to provide the preferred footing for equestrian events.
The arena is currently home to horse shows, computer shows, train shows, concerts, religious events, cultural festivals, trade shows and graduations. The facility has also been the venue of the 2004-2005 season of the American Basketball Association Maryland Nighthawks as well as home of the Patriot League Men's and Women's Basketball Championship in 2002-2004, the Chesapeake Icebreakers minor league hockey team, the 2009 season of the Maryland Maniacs indoor football team and the 2010 Atlantic 10 Conference Women's Basketball Tournament. It has served as the host of the Colonial Athletic Association Women's Basketball Tournament since the 2010-2011 season.
The arena has two Daktronics message/scoreboards and the floor to ceiling height measures 40 feet. There are three spotlights in the arena and a portable stage. The arena also contains two backstage ramps and two permanent concession stands plus a full-service bar. The arena also features ten handicapped-accessible restrooms and five private suites. There are three meeting rooms measuring a total of . Seating capacities are 3,000 for rodeos and horse shows, 5,500 for hockey and basketball, 5,200 for boxing and wrestling and up to 4,700 for concerts. A clock tower is located near the main entrance. There are 2,500 parking spaces at the complex with another 3,000 within walking distance.
Other facilities.
The Show Place Arena is located on the property of the Prince Georges Equestrian Center. The outdoor facilities include two 150' x 300 show rings with adjacent schooling rings, and one 140' x 280'show ring with adjacent schooling ring. Also located on the premises is a heated/air conditioned horse show secretaries office, permanent stabling for 240 horse, a vendor area, food concession building and an area for exhibitor campsites with electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="2912500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912500" title="Dan Iannuzzi">
Dan Iannuzzi

Daniel Andrèa Iannuzzi, (February 24, 1934 – November 20, 2004) was a Canadian entrepreneur, journalist, and broadcaster.
A third generation Italian Canadian, Iannuzzi was born in Montreal. He moved to Toronto in 1954 and founded the Italian-Canadian newspaper "Corriere Canadese". He produced multilingual TV programs for Toronto's Citytv from 1972 to 1979 and in 1979, he launched the world's first multilingual television station, CFMT-TV, initially broadcasting in 24 languages.
In 1989, he was awarded the Order of Ontario. In 1990, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada for being "a pioneer in multicultural communications and a significant contributor to Toronto's Italian community". 
Through his ownership of Multimedia Nova Corporation he owned and published the following community newspapers throughout the Greater Toronto Area and in Quebec:
He died in Rome following a cardiac arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="2912506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912506" title="Forrest Gainer">
Forrest Gainer

Forrest Gainer (born April 15, 1979 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian rugby player. He plays for Canada national rugby union team. Gainer is 180.3 cm tall (5 ft 11) and weighs 111.8 kg (247 lb).

</doc>
<doc id="2912509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912509" title="Calnexin">
Calnexin

Calnexin (CNX) is a 67kDa integral protein (that appears variously as a 90kDa, 80kDa or 75kDa band on western blotting depending on the source of the antibody) of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). It consists of a large (50 kDa) N-terminal calcium-binding lumenal domain, a single transmembrane helix and a short (90 residues), acidic cytoplasmic tail. 
Function.
Calnexin is a chaperone, characterized by assisting protein folding and quality control, ensuring that only properly folded and assembled proteins proceed further along the secretory pathway. 
Calnexin acts to retain unfolded or unassembled N-linked glycoproteins in the ER. 
Calnexin binds only those N-glycoproteins that have GlcNAc2Man9Glc1 oligosaccharides. These monoglucosylated oligosaccharides result from the trimming of two glucose residues by the sequential action of two glucosidases, I and II. Glucosidase II can also remove the third and last glucose residue. 
If the glycoprotein is not properly folded, an enzyme called UGGT (for UDP-glucose:glycoprotein glucosyltransferase) will add the glucose residue back onto the oligosaccharide thus regenerating the glycoprotein's ability to bind to calnexin. 
The improperly-folded glycoprotein chain thus loiters in the ER, risking the encounter with MNS1 (alpha-mannosidase), which eventually sentences the underperforming glycoprotein to degradation by removing its mannose residue. 
If the protein is correctly translated, the chance of it being correctly folded before it encounters MNS1 is high. 
Calnexin also functions as a chaperone for the folding of MHC class I alpha chain in the membrane of the ER. After folding is completed Calnexin is replaced by Calreticulin, which assists in further assembly of MHC class I.
Uses in molecular biology.
Antibodies against calnexin can be used as markers for the ER in immmunofluorescence experiments. 
Cofactors.
ATP and calcium ions are cofactors involved in substrate binding for calnexin.

</doc>
<doc id="2912515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912515" title="Jacksonville Coliseum">
Jacksonville Coliseum

Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Coliseum was a multi-purpose arena, in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. Built in 1960 and known as "northern Florida's most historic concert venues", it was home to most of the city's indoor professional sports teams and hosted various concerts, circuses and other events. It was demolished in 2003 and replaced with the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena.
History.
The Coliseum was dedicated November 24, 1960. The general contractor was Daniel Construction, and construction took two years and cost $3 million. The first event was the first ice hockey game ever played in Jacksonville, featuring the New York Rovers and Charlotte Clippers on November 30. The first events scheduled included an automobile show, a boat show, boxing matches, the circus, an ice skating show, a pro basketball exhibition game and a tennis tournament.
Events.
Ice hockey teams based in the Coliseum included the Jacksonville Rockets (1964–1972) of the Eastern Hockey League, the Jacksonville Barons (1973–74), the Jacksonville Bullets (1992–96), and the Jacksonville Lizard Kings (1995-2000). (Fans of the Lizard Kings referred to the coliseum as the "Reptilian Pavilion.") The American Basketball Association franchise known as The Floridians played some of its home games there in 1971 and 1972.
Jacksonville University utilized the coliseum for their home basketball games from 1969–99, and it hosted the 1981 Sun Belt Conference and 1999 and 2000 Atlantic Sun Conference men's basketball tournaments.
The Jacksonville Tea Men of the NASL played indoor soccer home games at the coliseum during the 1980–81 & 1981–82 seasons.
The Jacksonville Tomcats of the af2, the Arena Football League's developmental league, called the Coliseum home from 1999-2002.
The WCW events WrestleWar 1992, WCW Greed and WCW Monday Nitro were staged at the coliseum.
Hundreds of thousands of Duval County high school students received their diplomas after ceremonies in the Coliseum, and the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus train stopped in Jacksonville for two weeks of shows every January for decades. The fairgrounds were adjacent to the Coliseum, and the Greater Jacksonville Agricultural Fair incorporated the facility into their November event, hosting music concerts, entertainers and exhibitions. Monster truck shows, tractor pulls and motocross events were also very popular over the years.
The Coliseum hosted hundreds of concerts and shows during its 43-year history, including Rush, Bob Dylan, Duran Duran, Billy Joel, Bon Jovi, Frank Sinatra, Jimi Hendrix, Elvis Presley, The Smashing Pumpkins, David Bowie, Bruce Springsteen, Led Zeppelin, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Journey, AC/DC, Deep Purple and Iron Maiden.
Demolition.
By the 1990s, it became harder for promoters to fill the seats of the Coliseum. The venue was designed in the late 1950s before the advent of the rock concert, and strong bass and drums reverberated off the dome. The facility had not been renovated since its creation in the 1960s, giving the arena an outdated feel. It looked like a water treatment plant, according to Mayor John Delaney. Considered a mid-sized venue against its competitors, concert promoters for the most popular acts wanted venues with at least 15,000 seats; performers disliked the building's poor acoustics and the structure couldn't support the elaborate special effects lighting and sound equipment. The Eagles, Bon Jovi, Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Matthews and Fleetwood Mac all declined to perform at the Coliseum, although the acts wished to perform in Jacksonville. The venue was still able to house exhibition shows, special events and several country acts including Alan Jackson, Garth Brooks, Reba McEntire, Wynonna Judd and the Dixie Chicks.
The Coliseum was imploded on June 26, 2003 and replaced with the $130 million Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena. Extreme care was taken not to damage the black granite Veterans Memorial Wall located just eight feet from east wall of the building. After the debris was cleared, a walking park was added to the area around the Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="2912519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912519" title="Sea organ">
Sea organ

The Sea organ () is an architectural object located in Zadar, Croatia and an experimental musical instrument which plays music by way of sea waves and tubes located underneath a set of large marble steps.
History.
Chaotic reconstruction work was undertaken in an attempt to repair the devastation Zadar suffered in the Second World War. The frantic reconstruction turned much of the sea front into an unbroken, monotonous concrete wall.
The device was made by the architect Nikola Bašić as part of the project to redesign the new city coast ("Nova riva"), and the site was opened to the public on 15 April 2005.The waves interact with the organ in order to create somewhat random but harmonic sounds.
The Sea Organ has drawn tourists and locals alike. In addition, white marble steps leading down to the water were built later. Concealed under these steps, which both protect and invite, is a system of polyethylene tubes and a resonating cavity that turns the site into a large musical instrument, played by the wind and the sea.
In 2006, the Sea Organ was awarded with the prize ex-aequo of the fourth edition of the European Prize for Urban Public Space.

</doc>
<doc id="2912526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912526" title="Client access license">
Client access license

A Client Access License ("CAL") is a software license distributed by software companies to allow clients to connect to its server software and use the software's services.
Software licensing introduction.
Most commercial software is licensed to end users or businesses. In a legally binding agreement between the proprietor of the software (the "licensor") and the end user or organization (the "licensee"), the licensor gives permission to the licensee to use the software under certain limitations, which are set forth in the license agreement. Microsoft usually has notices on the packaging of their products which state that removing the notice or using the software constitutes agreement of the license terms.
Microsoft's consumer retail or "off-the-shelf" products generally use very similar licences, allowing the licensee to use the software on one computer, subject to the usual terms and conditions. For businesses however, Microsoft offers several types of licensing schemes for a range of their products, which are designed to be cost effective, flexible, or both.
Server software, such as Windows Server 2003 and SQL Server 2005 require licenses that are more expensive than those which are purchased for desktop software like Windows Vista. In the more recent versions of many of their server products, Microsoft require that all clients that connect to these server applications have a license to connect to and use the services of that software. These special purpose licenses come in the form of a Client Access License.
Client access licenses.
A Client Access License legally permits client computers to connect to Microsoft server software. They usually come in the form of a certificate of authenticity (CoA) and a license key, which is sometimes attached to the certificate itself. The various editions of most of Microsoft's server software usually include a small number of CALs, and this allows the software to be used by either a few users or a few computers, depending on the CAL licensing mode. If more connections to the server are needed, then additional CALs must be purchased.
Some Microsoft Server products require one CAL per "concurrent" connection, whereby one CAL is required for each unique client connection at any point in time. For example, consider a small business network where the computers are used by ten people, but there are never more than five people on site using the computers at any one time. In this scenario, only five CALs are needed. However, some of Microsoft's products and licensing modes require a CAL for each unique client regardless of how many will be connecting at any single point in time. Some of Microsoft's server software programs do not require CALs at all, as is the case of Windows Server Web Edition.
CAL enforcement.
Most CALs are paper only and are distributed for the sole reason of representing compliance to the software license agreement. Technically, any individual or business can use the software with an unlimited number of users and buy no CALs at all - but they will be in breach of the license agreement (and the law in most jurisdictions), and large penalties will apply if they are caught.
Some CALs, however, are electronically enforced: the server will refuse to service clients if there are not enough CALs to cover them all. In order for the CALs to be used, either the CAL files must be imported into the software or the CAL licence keys must be entered in. The software will not service clients unless there are valid CALs installed, and it will authenticate and serve the number of clients licensed under the CALs. Once that number is met, the server can either accept a small number of additional connections and then warn administrators before refusing to serve further connections, however usually it will simply refuse to authenticate additional clients until one or more of them disconnects. In this way, the server "electronically enforces" the Client Access licensing.
At present, there are only two Microsoft products that use this form of electronic license enforcement; Windows Small Business Server 2003 and Terminal Services. Presumably, the electronic enforcement in SBS is because most small businesses that run the Small Business Server do not have dedicated IT staff to ensure compliance, whereas larger organizations usually have dedicated IT staff that monitor CAL usage and organize the acquisition of additional CALs when necessary. Windows Small Business Server 2008 does not track CAL usage.
Per-user vs. per-device.
CALs apply to either a "device" (as defined in the license agreement) or a "user". A business is free to choose either mode. In Per-User mode, a CAL is purchased to allow one user to connect to the server software. Any user can connect, but only one user may use a given CAL at any given time. Any number of CALs can be purchased to allow five, five hundred, or any number of users to simultaneously connect to the server. Any number of devices may connect to the server software, but only a set number of users can connect to it at once.
Per-device mode operates in much the same way, but limits connections made by devices, rather than users. One CAL enables one device to connect to and use the server software, regardless of how many users are connecting.
Although User and Device CALs are currently the same price, they may not be used interchangeably, and cannot be switched without buying new CALs. The price of User CALs is due to increase from December 2012 (in the UK), although the device CAL remains the same.
Much more in-depth information can be found on Microsoft's CAL Guide website.
Combined schemes.
The Core CAL is a special CAL offered by Microsoft through corporate license agreements such as "Enterprise", "Select" or "Open Value". The Core CAL, is a combination of client access licenses for Windows Server, Exchange Server, SharePoint Server, System Center Configuration Client Management License, Lync Server and Forefront Endpoint Subscription License. Core CALs are approximately 30 percent cheaper than the sum of the aforementioned licenses.
With the release of the 2007 products, Microsoft started offering the Enterprise CAL Suite. The Enterprise CAL Suite combines 15 CALs, including the Core CAL combination, Enterprise functionality of Exchange, Lync and SharePoint Servers, as well as System Center Data Protection Manager, Operation Manager and Service Manager Client Management Licences. As for the Core CALs, Entreprise CALs are only available through Open, Entreprise or Select agreements.
Software editions.
CALs usually enable connectivity to server software regardless of the edition of the software. For example, CALs purchased to enable client connectivity with Windows Server 2003 Enterprise Edition can be used with Windows Server 2003 Datacenter Edition. However, backwards compatibility is generally assured. For example, Windows Server 2012 CALs can not only be used to access servers running on Windows Server 2012, but they can be used to access one of the servers running Windows Server 2008, Windows Server 2008 R2, Windows Server 2003 and any previous versions at any given time.
Terminal Services.
Terminal Services is a function of Microsoft Windows that allows several types of connections to the server components of the system. Windows Server versions prior to 2003 do not necessarily require the use of specialized Terminal Services CALs; rather, clients which are of at least the same or lower version of the operating system are allowed access automatically. For example, Windows NT 4.0 clients may connect to Windows NT 4.0 terminal servers but not Windows 2000 or later; Windows 2000 or Windows XP clients may connect to Windows NT 4.0 or Windows 2000 terminal servers. This is called the equivalency license.
The system for enforcing the number of TS Cals ("Microsoft Enforced Licensing") used on versions later than NT was abused by the "FLAME" malware, leading to a patch in 2012 restricting the Certificate Creation system used for Terminal Services.
The number of per-user TS CALS on Windows 2008 is not enforced: supposedly, this was because Microsoft did not have time to finalize technical enforcement before the release of the operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="2912530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912530" title="Broadbent Arena">
Broadbent Arena

Broadbent Arena is a 6,600 seat multi-purpose arena in Louisville, Kentucky. It was home to the Louisville Icehawks and Louisville Riverfrogs ice hockey teams. The arena, along with Cardinal Stadium and Freedom Hall, is located on the grounds of the Kentucky Exposition Center in Louisville. The arena is used for equestrian events, and other fairground type activities.

</doc>
<doc id="2912533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912533" title="Synod of Jerusalem (1672)">
Synod of Jerusalem (1672)

The Synod of Jerusalem was convened by Greek Orthodox Patriarch Dositheos Notaras in March 1672. Because the occasion was the consecration of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem, it is also called the Synod of Bethlehem.
The Synod was attended by most of the prominent representatives of the Eastern Church, including six Metropolitans besides Dositheus and his retired predecessor, and its decrees received universal acceptance as an expression of the faith of the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Calvinist controversy.
In 1629, a small book, attributed to Cyril Lucaris, the Patriarch of Constantinople, and commonly referred to as the Confession of Cyril Lucaris, was published in Latin at Geneva. It contained an eighteen-point summary of beliefs that conformed with Calvinist teaching. French, English and German translations appearing in the same year. A Greek version called "Eastern Confession of the Christian Faith" appeared in Constantinople in 1631. In view of this book, Lucaris has been accused of adopting in his book Calvinistic views and asserting that Calvinism was in fact the faith of the Eastern Church. His Orthodox defenders claim that the book was a forgery. Cyril himself verbally denied authorship, but did not disavow it in writing.
The opposition to Calvinism arose during Lucaris's lifetime and continued after his murder in 1638 while in Ottoman custody. It found classic expression in the highly venerated confession of Petro Mohyla, Metropolitan of Kiev (1643). Though this was intended as a barrier against Calvinistic influences, certain Protestant writers persisted in claiming the support of the Greek Church for their positions.
Refutation of Calvinism.
The Synod refuted the Confession of Lucaris article by article, seeking to put an end to the Calvinists' theses of unconditional predestination and of justification by faith alone, and to reassert traditional Orthodox doctrines about the Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist and the fate of the soul after death, which some commentators have regarded as substantially the same as the Roman Catholic views of transubstantiation and personal eschatology.
Against both the Roman Catholic Church and most Protestants, the Synod affirmed that the Holy Ghost proceeds from God the Father alone and not from both Father and Son. This rejection of the Filioque clause was not unwelcome to the Turks, though it does not mean that the decisions were made under political pressure from the Ottoman Empire. Protestant writers say that the eastern hostility to Calvinism had been fanned by the Jesuits. 
In the Synod's decrees, called the Confession of Dositheus, it reaffirmed existing Orthodox beliefs incompatible with Calvinist doctrines, restating that apostolic succession of bishops is necessary, that good works done with faith are required for salvation, that there are seven sacraments, that the Eucharist is both sacrament and sacrifice, offered for the dead as well as for the living. 
The Synod refused to believe that the heretical confession it refuted was actually by a former patriarch of Constantinople, contending that the Confession of Cyril was a forgery.
In their correspondence with the 18th-century Non-Juror Anglican bishops, the Eastern Patriarchs insisted on acceptance of the Synod's teaching on transubstantiation.
Importance and criticism.
The 1911 Encyclopædia Britannica called the Synod of Jerusalem "the most vital statement of faith made in the Greek Church during the past thousand years." Protestant scholar Philip Schaff wrote "This Synod is the most important in the modern history of the Eastern Church, and may be compared to the Council of Trent." However, modern Eastern or Greek Orthodoxy is much more reserved about the abiding dogmatic authority of this synod. The fact that the Greek bishops often received their training at Latin schools (notably in Venice) accounts for what the late Georges Florovsky termed the "pseudomorphosis" of Orthodox theology.
Subsequent regional synods have certainly felt free to revisit the issues addressed in Jerusalem. Hence, on the issue of the Old Testament canon, a different position was adopted in the Longer Catechism of Philaret of Moscow.
English translation of the decrees.
"The Acts and Decrees of the Synod of Jerusalem" was translated directly from the Greek, and edited with notes, by J.N.W.B. Robertson (London, 1899). The text of Chapter VI, which sets forth the Orthodox faith in eighteen decrees and four questions, commonly known as The Confession of Dositheus, can be consulted at the Web site "The Confession of Dositheus (Eastern Orthodox 1672) or "Confession of Dositheus".

</doc>
<doc id="2912536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912536" title="Singaporean bridge">
Singaporean bridge

Singaporean bridge is a re-invention of sorts of the traditional game of contract bridge. This version of bridge derives its name from where it is believed to have been invented, Singapore, and just like its traditional predecessor, there are variations in the rules. It is also known as floating bridge.
Introduction.
Essentially, a deck of 52 cards is used, and 4 hands of 13 are dealt. Players assume fixed seats, but unlike contract bridge, the partners are not determined at the outset by virtue of north-south or east-west - they are determined at the end of the bidding. There are no pre-determined number of games to be played and no need to duplicate the hands for subsequent players, if any.
Bidding.
Instead, the player on the dealer's left begins the bidding (some players prefer to have the dealer begin bidding; it makes little difference). The bidding system works the same, in terms of number of tricks needed and the order of suits, for example.
For some groups of players, bidding will only commence if every player has a sufficiently "playable" hand to make the game meaningful. Hands are determined to be playable through a point system. Aces of any suits in a hand are assigned 4 points each, Kings 3 points, Queens 2 points and Jacks 1 point. Further, every card after the 4th in each suit is also worth an additional 1 point.
For example, the following hand is worth 13 points: 4C, 5C, 9C, KC (3 points), AD (4 points), 4H, 2S, 3S, 4S, 6S, 8S, JS (1 point), QS (2 points) and 3 additional points for having 7 cards in Spades.
For bidding to begin, each player must have at least 4 points (by meeting the criteria of the above point system) in order to have a playable hand. If someone does not have a "playable" hand, the cards will be reshuffled for a new round. The reshuffling is known as a 'wash'.
Partner determination.
The winner of the bid will then 'pick' a partner by calling out the holder of a card of his choice.
By way of strategy, if the winner has a strong clubs hand but lacks the ace of clubs, he may want to consider calling the holder of the ace of clubs to be his partner. Or, if his club suit was very long but lacked the ace, it may be better to call the holder of say the ace of hearts to cover his singleton in the hearts suit so that he can later ruff. The possibilities are endless, and it all really depends on keeping track of the bidding and guessing who may have the aces, or the long suits, whichever strategy that is applicable. 
This is where it turns tricky. The partner can choose to 'reveal' himself at right about any point in the game, or when he is forced to play the card. Until then, the winner of the bid either remains in the dark as to who his partner is, or would have to be very sharp in guessing by observing the gameplay. Chances are, partners usually like to reveal themselves early so as not to have tricks trumped by the winner. Or if a partner is really astute, he can pretend not to be the partner and mislead the opponents.
Most of the time, the chosen card is one that the winner does not have, however, it is legal for the winner of the bid to call a card he owns should he be exceedingly confident with his own hand and opts not to share his victory with a partner. Such a move may be strategically advantageous as it is likely his 3 opponents will fight among themselves for a while until the farce is revealed.
Much of this is contrasted with contract bridge where there is a dummy and his entire hand is revealed from the start.
Playing.
The player on the left of the winner of the bid ('declarer' is hardly used; in fact many refer to 'tricks' as 'sets') will begin the game. The only exception - and this is not a universal rule - is in no-trump games, the winner of the bid will begin the game. The other less-agreed-upon rule is the drawing of trumps. Some people play by the rule that the drawing of trumps can only begin when the player drawing trumps already has a void suit or when trump has been broken (i.e. a trump card has already been played), some play by the rule that drawing can be done at any point in the game, while most play by the rule that trumps can only be drawn when the trump suit has been broken. At the end of the game, players remain in the same seats but due to the nature of partner determination, everyone could begin with new partners in the next round.
Ethics and scoring.
Singaporean bridge is by and large a social game with less formal (albeit interesting) rules. Players simply voice their bids, and talking during games is allowed in a general sense.
There is no official point-scoring system since the partners are not fixed; that is to say too that the concept of over-tricks and doubling do not apply at all. The 'winner' is simply determined by which the player and its partner has won the most hands against the other pair of players. However, some players prefer to play in a fixed-partner format, hence whichever fixed pair wins most the hands, that pair is declared the winner. As such either system discourages over-offensive bidding or even pre-emptive bids. It may even be a good idea to simply defend.
On the other hand, there is an uncomplicated scoring system emerging to balance out the under-bidding nature of floating bridge. It is increasingly popular as it encourages players to take risk and go for higher bids. Points are scored according to the contract bid and made. 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 points are scored for contract of 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 tricks respectively. Both partners score the same points when contract are fulfilled. There is no extra point for over-trick, so players should try to bid to their full potential. There is a penalty for under-trick to prevent reckless pre-emptive bidding; the opponent score 1, 2, 4, 8, 16 points ... and so on, depending on number of under-tricks. The points for each game are recorded on a piece of paper with 4 columns for 4 players. In each game only columns for winning players are scored, the other 2 players have 'dash' entered in the respective columns. Obviously, due to the floating nature of partnership, each game will have different combination of players who earn their points. However, the points can still be summed up at the end of a gaming session to determine the overall winner.

</doc>
<doc id="2912549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912549" title="Davian Clarke">
Davian Clarke

Davian Clarke (born April 30, 1976) is a Jamaican athlete, who mainly competes in the 400 metres. He won the bronze medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay at the 1996 Olympics, and many relay medals followed, before he won his first individual medal at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="2912554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912554" title="Lupu Bridge">
Lupu Bridge

The Lupu Bridge () is a through arch bridge over the Huangpu River in Shanghai, China, connecting the city's Luwan and Pudong districts. It is the world's second longest steel arch bridge, after the Chaotianmen Bridge in Chongqing. The bridge, which cost 2.5 billion yuan (US$302 million), has a total length of and opened on June 28, 2003. Its main span of over the Huangpu River is longer than the previous record holder for the longest arch bridge, the New River Gorge Bridge in Fayetteville, West Virginia. It is located adjacent to the former Expo 2010 site and served as the centrepiece of the world exposition in Shanghai.
Name.
The name of the bridge, Lupu, is an abbreviation of the two districts of Shanghai which it links, one of which is now defunct. The north bank of the river used to be administered by Luwan District, which is now part of Huangpu District. The south bank of the river is administered by Pudong New Area. This follows the naming convention of the three earlier bridges across the Huangpu River, namely the Nanpu (Nanshi-Pudong), Yangpu (Yangpu-Pudong), and Xupu (Xuhui-Pudong) Bridges.
History.
The bridge was envisioned to ease congestion between the quickly developing areas in southern Puxi, as well as to help cope with the traffic expected for Expo 2010. The Expo 2010 site was just to the east of the Lupu Bridge on the Puxi side, and on both sides of the bridge on the Pudong side.
Construction began in October 2000 using a cantilever method and temporary cable-stays. Over 35,000 tonnes of steel were used in construction. The bridge's arch was joined on October 7, 2002.
When the bridge was completed, it became the world's longest arch bridge, surpassing the earlier title holder, the New River Gorge Bridge in Fayetteville, West Virginia. An inauguration ceremony was held on June 27, 2003, featuring a group of runners, including Yao Ming, who were the first to cross the bridge. The bridge opened to vehicular traffic the next day.
In 2009, Lupu Bridge lost its title of the world's longest arch bridge to the Chaotianmen Bridge in Chongqing. The longest span of the Chaotianmen Bridge was only longer, at .
The Lupu Bridge was one of the architectural centerpieces of Expo 2010 in Shanghai, as it formed part of the western boundary of the Expo site.
Road connections.
The bridge carries 6 lanes of the North–South Elevated Road, a major elevated roadway in the city, with 3 lanes in each direction. From Pudong, motorists can access the Lupu Bridge from on-ramps to the North–South Elevated Road westbound on Yaohua Road or northbound on Jiyang Road. The North–South Elevated Road actually ends immediately after the Lupu Bridge and becomes Jiyang Road, with an off-ramp to eastbound Yaohua Road.
On the Puxi side immediately north of the bridge, the North–South Elevated Road intersects with the Inner Ring Road, another major elevated highway in Shanghai, forming the Luban Road Interchange, a roundabout interchange.
Criticism.
The construction of an arch bridge was viewed as wasteful in respect to the extra costs associated with building this type of bridge. Other designs which were less expensive in nature were rejected in favour of the more expensive tied arch design. Lupu Bridge became the first arch bridge across the Huangpu River in Shanghai and many feel its design is just a show piece for the city.
Tourist attraction.
The Lupu Bridge is a popular tourist attraction along the Huangpu River. The bridge itself is actually also an attraction, as tourists can ascend to the observation deck at the top of the bridge. The attraction is known as "Shanghai Climb", and involves riding a high-speed elevator from the base of the bridge, and then climbing 367 steps at high altitude along the arch of the bridge to the top. The attraction entrance is located on Luban Road, at the base of the Puxi side of the bridge. The observation area provides great views of Shanghai and the Expo 2010 site during the Expo.
The closest subway station currently in operation to the base of the bridge for the tourist attraction is the Luban Road Station on Line 4 of the Shanghai Metro. Lupu Bridge Station on Line 13, Shanghai Metro is actually named after the bridge itself, however it was a temporary station used during Expo 2010 and is currently not in operation.
Awards.
The Lupu Arch Bridge, Shanghai, China, received the 2008 IABSE Outstanding Structure Award for being "A soaring box-arch bridge with a record span, clean impressive lines and innovative use of the side spans of the arch and the deck to resist the thrust of the main arch."

</doc>
<doc id="2912560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912560" title="Delphine Combe">
Delphine Combe

Delphine Combe (born December 6, 1974 in Aubenas, Ardèche) is a French sprinter. She won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics and a gold medal in the same event at the 2002 European Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="2912562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912562" title="All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship">
All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship is a competition for inter-county teams in the women's field sport of game of camogie played in Ireland. The series of games are organised by the Camogie Association and are played during the summer months with the All-Ireland Camogie Final being played on the second Sunday in September in Croke Park, Dublin. The prize for the winning team is the O'Duffy Cup. The current champions are Galway, who claimed their second title thanks to a victory over Kilkenny in Croke Park, Dublin.
Participants.
Counties Participating:
The county is a geographical region in Ireland, and each of 29 of the 32 counties in Ireland organises its own camogie affairs. Eight Counties participated in the 2011 Championship following the promotion of Intermediate champions Offaly at the end of the 2010 season. These are Clare, Cork, Dublin, Galway, Kilkenny, Offaly, Tipperary and Wexford.
Format.
The counties participate in a group series with the top four progressing to the All-Ireland Semi-Finals. The eight teams were divided into two groups of four in 2009. In every other year the teams were placed in a single group of between six and eight teams. The first two championships were played on an open draw basis until in 1934 the championship was changed to the traditional quadro-provincial structure traditional to Gaelic Games. Following the withdrawal of Connacht from the inter-provincial senior semi-finals the competition changed to an open-draw knockout system in 1974.
Introduction of Group System in 2006.
The championship structure was changed from a knockout to a round-robin system in 2006. The system was retained despite some initial criticism. An anomaly occurred in four of the first six championships under the new format (2006, 2008, 2010 and 2011) with the defeated All-Ireland finalists beating the eventual champions in the group stages, only to eventually lose to the same opposition in the All-Ireland final:
Winners Table.
Dublin have won the All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship the most times – twenty-six titles as of 1984. They won the very first All-Ireland title in 1932 and went on to dominate the competition for the next fifty years. Between 1948 and 1955 they won eight consecutive titles in-a-row. Two years later in 1957 Dublin began another great run of success which ended in 1966 with the capturing of their tenth consecutive All-Ireland title. Had it not been for defeats in 1947, 1956 and 1967 it is reasonable to assume that Dublin could have captured twenty-one All-Ireland titles in succession. For a twenty-year period from 1974 until 1994 the Kilkenny camogie team dominated the championship. Between 1999 and 2006 Tipp won five All-Ireland titles from eight consecutive final appearances. Since 1997 Cork have won seven All-Ireland titles, their latest coming in 2009.
Six counties - Louth (1934 and 1936), Waterford (1945), Down (1948), Derry (1954), Mayo (1959) and Limerick (1980) each appeared in All-Ireland finals without ever winning the O’Duffy Cup while London appeared in the All-Ireland final “proper”, effectively a play-off between the All-Ireland champions and British provincial champions in 1949 and 1950. Three counties, Kildare (1933), Cavan (1940 and 1941) and Clare (1944, and 1978) have contested the All-Ireland semi-final without qualifying for a final. The following is a list of the top county teams by number of wins.
Highlights & Incidents.
Highlights and incidents through the history of the championship include:
All-Ireland Senior Camogie Finals.
The first numeral in the scoreline of each team is the number of goals scored (equal to 3 points each) and the second numeral is the number of points scored, the figures are combined to determine the winner of a match in Gaelic Games. Match duration was raised from 40 minutes to 50 minutes for the 1934 championship and subsequent championships up to 1987, and from 50 minutes to 60 minutes for the 1988 and subsequent championships. The points bar was removed for the 1979 and subsequent championships. Teams were increased from 12-a-side to 15-a-side for the 1999 and subsequent championships.

</doc>
<doc id="2912565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912565" title="Legal citation signals">
Legal citation signals

Legal citation signals are a set of brief abbreviated phrases or words used to clarify the authority or significance of a legal citation as it relates to a proposition. Signals help a reader quickly discern meaning or usefulness of a particular reference when the reference itself does not provide adequate information.
Most citation signals are placed in front of the citation to which they apply. For example, in the paragraph
When writing a legal argument, it is important to refer to primary sources. To assist readers in locating these sources, it is desirable to use a standardized citation format. "See generally" Harvard Law Review Association, "The Bluebook: A Uniform System of Citation" (18th ed. 2005). Note, however, that some courts may require any legal papers that are submitted to them to conform to a different citation format.
the signal is the phrase ""see generally"," which indicates that the citation ""The Bluebook: A Uniform System of Citation" (18th ed. 2005)" provides general background information on the topic.
Parenthetical signal.
The parenthetical signal provides additional information about the citation. Unlike the other signals, it follows immediately after the full citation. It usually is brief, about one sentence, and provides a quick explanation of how the citation either supports or is in disagreement with the proposition. For example: "Brown v. Board of Education", 347 U.S. 483 (1954) (overruling "Plessy v. Ferguson", 163 U.S. 537 (1896)).
List of common citation signals.
Indicating support:
Indicating contradiction:
Suggesting a useful comparison:

</doc>
<doc id="2912567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912567" title="List of Czech writers">
List of Czech writers

Below is an alphabetical list of famous Czech writers.

</doc>
<doc id="2912571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912571" title="Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid">
Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid

Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid is a compilation album by The Flaming Lips, collecting their first three studio albums ("Hear It Is", "Oh My Gawd!!!" and "Telepathic Surgery") alongside their self-titled debut EP "The Flaming Lips", and previously unreleased material and demo recordings.
It is the first of two releases archiving the band's Restless Records releases, and is followed by "The Day They Shot a Hole in the Jesus Egg".
Track listing.
Disc one.
This disc contains all of the tracks from "The Flaming Lips" and "Hear It Is" (omitting the bonus track, "Summertime Blues," found on some releases of "Hear It Is"), plus four bonus tracks. The tracklist for this disc is misprinted, switching "Garden of Eyes/Forever is a Long Time" and "Scratchin' the Door."
Disc two.
This disc contains all of the tracks from "Oh My Gawd!!!" as well as five bonus tracks.
Disc three.
This disc contains all of the tracks from "Telepathic Surgery" as well as seven bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="2912572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912572" title="Downstate Correctional Facility">
Downstate Correctional Facility

Downstate Correctional Facility is a maximum-security prison in the Town of Fishkill in the Hudson Valley region of New York.
Downstate is a maximum-security prison located along the north side (i.e. westbound) of Interstate 84. Downstate serves primarily as a classification center, as it is the first stop for all new inmates entering the New York State prison system. New inmates typically wait at Downstate for a few weeks before they are assigned to a permanent facility. As the vast majority of inmates in New York State come from New York City, the Town of Fishkill (in southern Dutchess County) was chosen due to its proximity to the greater New York metropolitan area. It first opened in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2912584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912584" title="Nathan Good">
Nathan Good

Nathan Good (born 1975) is the first and former drummer of Death Cab for Cutie. He
performed all percussion for their album "Something About Airplanes". On the album "We Have the Facts and We're Voting Yes", he performed on "The Employment Pages" and "Company Calls Epilogue", but left during the recording of the album to get married.
He is the drummer for the former band The Vernacular, a band featuring Chris Walla of Death Cab for Cutie and Sean Nelson of Harvey Danger. He currently teaches English at Santa Rosa High School
In younger years both Nathan and Chris participated in the Youth Wrestling Federation, a small-time indie group run and promoted by Bryan Alvarez of Figure Four Weekly. 
[http://www.f4wonline.com/content/view/5781/105/].

</doc>
<doc id="2912591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912591" title="Lambeth Council election, 1998">
Lambeth Council election, 1998

Elections to Lambeth London Borough Council were held on 7 May 1998. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party took overall control of the council.

</doc>
<doc id="2912592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912592" title="Trzeboń">
Trzeboń

Trzeboń may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912594" title="Aboriginal Australians">
Aboriginal Australians

Aboriginal Australians, also referred to as Aborigines, are legally defined as people who are members "of the Aboriginal race of Australia" (indigenous to the Australian continent—mainland Australia or to the island of Tasmania).
Legal and administrative definitions.
The category "Aboriginal Australians" was coined by the British after they began colonising Australia in 1788, to refer collectively to all people they found already inhabiting the continent, and later to the descendants of any of those people. Until the 1980s, the sole legal and administrative criterion for inclusion in this category was race, classified according to visible physical characteristics or known ancestors. As in the British slave colonies of North America and the Caribbean, where the principle of "partus sequitur ventrem" was adopted from 1662, children's status was determined by that of their mothers; if born to Aboriginal mothers, children were considered Aborigine, regardless of their paternity. 
In the era of colonial and post-colonial government, access to basic human rights depended upon your race. If you were a "full blooded Aboriginal native ... any person apparently having an admixture of Aboriginal blood", a half-caste being the "offspring of an Aboriginal mother and other than Aboriginal father" (but not of an Aboriginal father and other than Aboriginal mother), a "quadroon", or had a "strain" of Aboriginal blood you were forced to live on Reserves or Missions, work for rations, given minimal education, and needed governmental approval to marry, visit relatives or use electrical appliances.
The Constitution of Australia, in its original form as of 1901, referred to Aborigines twice but without definition. Section 51(xxvi) gave the Commonwealth parliament power to legislate with respect to "the people of any race" throughout the Commonwealth, except for people of "the aboriginal race". The purpose of this provision was to give the Commonwealth power to regulate non-white immigrant workers, who would follow work opportunities interstate. The only other reference, Section 127, provided simply that "aboriginal natives shall not be counted" in reckoning the size of the population of the Commonwealth or any part of it.
After both of these references were removed by the 1967 referendum, the Australian Constitution had no references to Aboriginals. Since that time, there have been a number of proposals to amend the constitution to specifically mention Indigenous Australians.
The change to Section 51(xxvi) gave the Commonwealth parliament the power to make laws specifically with respect to Aboriginal peoples as a "race". In the Tasmanian Dam Case of 1983, the High Court of Australia was asked to determine whether Commonwealth legislation, whose application could relate to Aboriginal peopleparts of the World Heritage Properties Conservation Act 1983 (Cth) as well as related legislationwas supported by Section 51(xxvi) in its new form. The case concerned an application of legislation that would preserve cultural heritage of Aboriginal Tasmanians. It was held that Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders, together or separately, and any part of either, could be regarded as a "race" for this purpose. As to the criteria for identifying a person as a member of such a "race", the definition by Justice Deane has become accepted as current law. Deane J said:
It is unnecessary, for the purposes of the present case, to consider the meaning to be given to the phrase "people of any race" in s. 51(xxvi). Plainly, the words have a wide and non-technical meaning [...]. The phrase is, in my view, apposite to refer to all Australian Aboriginals collectively. Any doubt, which might otherwise exist in that regard, is removed by reference to the wording of par. (xxvi) in its original form. The phrase is also apposite to refer to any identifiable racial sub-group among Australian Aboriginals. By "Australian Aboriginal" I mean, in accordance with what I understand to be the conventional meaning of that term, a person of Aboriginal descent, albeit mixed, who identifies himself as such and who is recognised by the Aboriginal community as an Aboriginal.
While Deane's three-part definition reaches beyond the biological criterion to individual's self-identification, it has been criticised as continuing to accept the biological criterion as primary. It has been found difficult to apply, both in each of its parts and as to the relations among the parts; biological "descent" has been a fall-back criterion.
Definitions from Aboriginal Australians.
Eve Fesl, a Gabi Gabi woman, wrote in the "Aboriginal Law Bulletin" describing how she and possibly other Aboriginal people preferred to be identified:
While the term 'indigenous' is being more commonly used by Australian Government and non-Government organisations to describe Aboriginal Australians, Lowitja O'Donoghue, commenting on the prospect of possible amendments to Australia's constitution, was reported as saying:
O'Donoghue went on to say that the term "indigenous" robbed the traditional owners of Australia of an identity because some non-Aboriginal people now wanted to refer to themselves as indigenous because they were born there.
Definitions from academia.
Dean of Indigenous Research and Education at Charles Darwin University, Professor MaryAnn Bin-Sallik, has publicly lectured on the ways Aboriginal Australians have been categorised and labelled over time. Her lecture offered a new perspective on the terms "urban", "traditional" and "of Indigenous descent" as used to define and categorise Aboriginal Australians. She said:
She called for a replacement of this terminology by that of "Aborigine" or "Torres Strait Islander"—"irrespective of hue".
Origins.
The origin of Aboriginal peoples in Australia has been the subject of intense speculation since the nineteenth century. Until recently, no theory of migration had gained wide acceptance. Genetic studies had shown the Aboriginal peoples to be related much more closely to each other than to any peoples outside Australia, but scholars had disagreed whether their closest kin outside Australia were certain South Asian groups or African groups. The latter would imply a migration pattern in which their ancestors passed through South Asia to Australia without intermingling genetically with other populations along the way. A 2009 genetic study in India found similarities among Indian archaic populations and Aboriginal people, indicating a Southern migration route, with expanding populations from Southeast Asia migrating to Indonesia and Australia.
In a genetic study in 2011, researchers found evidence, in DNA samples taken from strands of Aboriginal people's hair, that the ancestors of the Aboriginal population split off from the ancestors of the European and Asian populations between 62,000 and 75,000 years ago—roughly 24,000 years before the European and Asian populations split off from each other. These Aboriginal ancestors migrated into South Asia and then into Australia, where they stayed, with the result that, outside of Africa, the Aboriginal peoples have occupied the same territory continuously longer than any other human populations. These findings suggest that modern Aboriginal peoples are the direct descendants of migrants who arrived around 50,000 years ago. This finding is supported by earlier archaeological finds of human remains near Lake Mungo that date to 45,000 years ago. The same genetic study of 2011 found evidence that Aboriginal peoples carry some of the genes associated with the Denisovan peoples of Asia; the study suggests that there is an increase in allele sharing between the Denisovans and the Aboriginal Australians genome compared to other Eurasians and Africans. This makes Aboriginal Australians one of the oldest living populations in the world and possibly the oldest outside of Africa. The Papuans have more sharing alleles than Aboriginal peoples. The data suggest that modern and archaic humans interbred in Asia before the migration to Australia.
Groups of Aboriginal Australians.
Dispersing across the Australian continent over time, the ancient peoples expanded and differentiated into hundreds of distinct groups, each with its own language and culture. More than 400 distinct Australian Aboriginal peoples have been identified across the continent, distinguished by unique names designating their ancestral languages, dialects, or distinctive speech patterns. Historically, these groups lived in three main cultural areas, known as the Northern, Southern, and Central cultural areas. The Northern and Southern areas, having richer natural marine and woodland resources, were more densely populated than the less resource-rich Central area.
Names used by Australian Aboriginal people.
There are a number of other names from Australian Aboriginal languages commonly used to identify groups based on geography, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2912600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912600" title="FSR">
FSR

FSR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912610" title="Jane Scarpantoni">
Jane Scarpantoni

Jane Scarpantoni is a classically trained cello player who has played on a number of alternative rock albums.
She was a member of Hoboken, New Jersey's Tiny Lights in the mid-'80s, then went on to play with other musicians especially those associated with the Hoboken underground rock scene of the 1980s and early 1990s, including Silverchair, Bruce Springsteen, Sheryl Crow, Patti Smith, Richard Barone, R.E.M., Indigo Girls, 10,000 Maniacs, Throwing Muses, Kristin Hersh, Lou Reed, Chris Cacavas, Bob Mould, John Lurie's Lounge Lizards, Boo Trundle, Train and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="2912611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912611" title="Timberlane Regional High School">
Timberlane Regional High School

Timberlane Regional High School is located in Plaistow, New Hampshire, and serves the towns of Atkinson, Danville, Plaistow, and Sandown, New Hampshire. TRHS was built in 1966 and is a part of the Timberlane Regional School District. A co-educational school for grades 9-12, and winner of the 1996 and 1997 Excellence In Education Award, the school has a current population of approximately 1,584 students. The school mascot is the owl.
History.
TRHS was built in the vicinity of Plaistow's town dump in 1966 as a regional high school for the four towns it still serves today. The name 'Timberlane' came from the forestry industry that played a major role in the economic development of New Hampshire. Before the school was built, students attended several different high schools in the area, including Haverhill High School in nearby Haverhill, Massachusetts.
The 1970s brought tumultuous times for the school, including a strike of nearly all its faculty, as well as overcrowding which necessitated double sessions (one half of the student population would take classes in the morning, with the other half taking classes in the afternoon). This gross overcrowding was rectified in 1975 by the opening of the Timberlane Regional Middle School as a neighbor to the school.
The respite from overcrowding did not last long though, and by the early 1980s it was evident that the school would need to be expanded. An addition was completed in 1987, which included a second gymnasium and increased space for the athletic program. The student population continued to grow as families moved from Boston, Massachusetts, further out to the suburbs, and the school was again overcrowded by the mid-1990s. In the fall of 1998, several modular classrooms were installed on the property as a temporary solution, and the community rallied for an extensive remodeling of TRHS and the six other schools in the Timberlane School District.
In 1999 a $40 million renovation program was instituted district-wide, which included a complete remodeling and expansion of TRHS as well as the construction of the $7 million Timberlane Regional Performing Arts Center. H.L. Turner Group Architects and Engineers completely redesigned the school, adding several new classrooms, increasing the size of the cafeteria and gymnasium, and installing a ventilation system to bring decent air to all spaces. The project was completed in early 2002, but by 2005, many students began to report that the system made the school cold in the winter and hot in the summer. During the summer of 2007, a new roof was brought to the school after many years of leaks.
In early 2014 controversy arose when the decision was made to cancel the next years' spring musical Sweeney Todd High School Edition, which had been decided on and announced a few years previously. The decision proved to be unpopular with a large portion of the community and drew interest from many members of the Broadway community, along with many theater professionals around the country. The attention caused an open forum to be arranged. Though it was originally to be held in the high school library, it was moved to the Recital Hall in the Performing Arts Center (PAC) and then the high school cafeteria due to proposed attendance. The response in favor of putting the production on was immense. Every member of the community who got up to speak was, more or less, in favor of the production. The decision to cancel the musical was reversed a week after the forum and the production is to take place in the Spring of 2015.
Academics.
The academic day is divided into eight class periods of around 45 minutes each, with 5 minutes of passing time between each. The day begins at 7:20 a.m. and ends at 2:10 p.m.. Each student has one period for study/lunch (underclassmen) or one free period (seniors). In addition to its traditional academic offerings, Timberlane allows students to take vocational classes at Salem High School and Pinkerton Academy.
Advanced Placement offerings.
Timberlane offers the following AP courses:

</doc>
<doc id="2912621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912621" title="Interprovincial Championship">
Interprovincial Championship

The Interprovincial Championship () or Railway Cup ("Corn an Iarnróid") is the name of two annual Gaelic football and hurling competitions held between the provinces of Ireland. The Munster, Leinster, Connacht and Ulster teams are composed of the best players from the various counties in the province. The series of games is organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association.
The first Railway Cup competitions (the name is due to the donation of the trophy by Irish Rail) were held in 1927, with Munster winning the first football title and Leinster winning the first hurling title. Presently, Ulster hold the record for the most football Railway Cup wins with 30, while Munster has won the most hurling titles with 43. The longest hurling streak was Munster's six-in-a-row from 1948 to 1953, while Ulster won a football five-in-a-row from 1991 to 1995.
The Railway Cup has gone into severe decline in recent years. Some blame the GAA for this decline due to the low level of promotion given and the lack of a fixed date to be played each year. The finals, held on Saint Patrick's Day, attracted huge crowds in the 1950s and 1960s, however, by the 1990s attendances at the once prestigious competition had reduced to only a few hundred. The All-Ireland Club Finals have superseded them in popularity and have taken over the Saint Patrick's Day fixture in Croke Park. Since 2001 the tournament has been sponsored and promoted by Clare businessman Martin Donnelly and a resurgence in popularity has occurred. In 2005 the winners were Munster in hurling and Leinster in football.
Following the success of the Martin Donnelly Interprovincial hurling final played in Boston in 2005, the 2006 football final was also played there on the weekend of 21 October, while the hurling final was played as a curtain raiser to the International rules football first test at Pearse Stadium, Galway on 28 October.
Football Roll of Honour.
Total wins:
History.
Up to and including 1986, the Inter-pros were played in the Spring, with the semi-finals usually in February and the finals on Saint Patrick's Day. From 1987 to 1989 then were given an Autumn slot, moving back to the Spring in 1991 (there was no competition in 1990). 1993 saw the competition played again in the Autumn, but all others from 1991 until 2000 were played in the early part of the year, with the semi-finals even being played in January in 1997, 1998 and 2000. However the rescheduling of the commencement of the National Football and National Hurling Leagues to the start of the calendar year, has saw the Railway Cup moved to the latter part of the year from 2001 onwards. In an effort to combat the declining popularity of the competition, some including Ulster manager Joe Kernan have suggested playing the finals as double-headers with the respective All-Ireland Club Football and All-Ireland Club Hurling Championship finals in the early part of the year in Croke Park and Semple Stadium respectively. The 2009 hurling semi-finals were held in February, and the final took place in March in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. Abu Dhabi joined a list of foreign cities including Boston, Paris and Rome to have hosted finals. Plans to stage the 2014 Inter-Provincial finals in Texas fell through.
Attendances at the matches have fallen. However players seem to love playing in the competition. Former Armagh player Martin McQuillan said it gave players not accustomed to success at county level, a chance to taste victory.
On 23 February 2014, Connacht defeated Ulster by 2-19 to 1-7 at Tuam Stadium to win the Inter-provincial football championship for the first time since 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="2912627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912627" title="The Code of the Woosters">
The Code of the Woosters

The Code of the Woosters is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published on 7 October 1938, in the United Kingdom by Herbert Jenkins, London, and in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York. It was serialised in "The Saturday Evening Post" (US) from 16 July to 3 September 1938 and in the London "Daily Mail" from 14 September to 6 October 1938.
"The Code of the Woosters" is the third full-length novel to feature two of Wodehouse's best-known creations, Bertie Wooster and his valet Jeeves.
Story.
The Code of the Woosters is the first installment in the Totleigh Towers saga.
It introduces the characters of Sir Watkyn Bassett, the owner of Totleigh Towers, and Roderick Spode, later known as "Lord Sidcup" after his accession to an earldom.
The story opens with Bertie recovering from a bachelor party he has thrown the night before for Gussie Fink-Nottle, his fish-faced, newt-fancying friend. While still convalescing, he is summoned before his beloved Aunt Dahlia and ordered by her to go to a particular antique shop and "sneer at a cow creamer". This is an effort to sap the confidence of the shop's owner and thus drive down the piece's price before it is purchased by Dahlia's collector husband Tom Travers. While in the shop, Bertie has his first run-in with Sir Watkyn (another collector of silver pieces) and Spode (whose aunt Sir Watkyn is planning to marry). Bertie escapes this ordeal relatively unscathed, but later learns that, via underhanded skulduggery involving lobsters and cold cucumbers, Sir Watkyn has obtained possession of the creamer ahead of Uncle Tom and spirited it away to Totleigh Towers. Bertie was already headed there in a frantic attempt to patch over the sudden rupture in the engagement of Gussie and Madeline Bassett, Sir Watkyn's droopy and oversentimental daughter, but now he has been assigned an additional impossible task by Aunt Dahlia: recovery of the cow creamer, which is being guarded both by Spode and the local police. His situation is complicated further by the presence at Totleigh Towers of Stiffy Byng, Sir Watkyn's anarchic young ward, who draws Bertie into her plan to marry the local curate, another old pal of Bertie's named "Stinker" Pinker, and a certain leather-covered notebook of Gussie's, in which he has lovingly and extensively detailed Sir Watkyn and Spode's many character failings, and which has escaped Gussie's possession to roam freely about the local community.
Jeeves's intellect is strained to the utmost, but in the end, the two couples are still engaged to be married, the cow creamer is headed back towards the hands of its rightful owner, and Bertie has not been beaten to a pulp by Spode, thrown in jail for stealing a policeman's helmet, roped into marriage with either Madeline or Stiffy, or cut off from partaking in the cooking of the famed Anatole. In gratitude, he agrees to take the Round-The-World cruise Jeeves has been promoting, thinking that at absolute worst, he won't be seeing Stiffy Byng.
The actual code of the Woosters is "Never let a pal down."
Adaptations.
"Code of the Woosters" was adapted to radio as part of the series "What Ho! Jeeves" starring Richard Briers as Bertie and Michael Hordern as Jeeves. 
Much of the plot was adapted to form the first two episodes of the second series of the ITV series "Jeeves and Wooster". 
On 9 April 2006, BBC Radio 4 broadcast "The Code of the Woosters" as its Classic Serial. Andrew Sachs appeared as Jeeves and Marcus Brigstocke as Bertie Wooster.
Perfect Nonsense, based on "The Code of the Woosters", and the first ever play featuring Jeeves and Wooster, was first performed on 10 October 2013 at Richmond Theatre, moving to the West End later that month, where its run at the Duke of York's Theatre, London, has been extended to September 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2912632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912632" title="Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970">
Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970

The Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, Pub. L. No. 91-513, 84 Stat. 1236 (Oct. 27, 1970), is a United States federal law that, with subsequent modifications, requires the pharmaceutical industry to maintain physical security and strict record keeping for certain types of drugs. Controlled substances are divided into five schedules (or classes) on the basis of their potential for abuse, accepted medical use, and accepted safety under medical supervision. Substances in Schedule I have a high potential for abuse, no accredited medical use, and a lack of accepted safety. From Schedules II to V, substances decrease in potential for abuse. The schedule a substance is placed in determines how it must be controlled. Prescriptions for drugs in all schedules must bear the physician's federal Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) license number, but some drugs in Schedule V do not require a prescription. State schedules may vary from federal schedules.
The Controlled Substances Act (CSA), Title II of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, is the legal foundation of the government's fight against the abuse of drugs and other substances. This law is a consolidation of numerous laws regulating the manufacture and distribution of narcotics, stimulants, depressants, hallucinogens, anabolic steroids, and chemicals used in the illicit production of controlled substances. The act also provides a mechanism for substances to be controlled, added to a schedule, decontrolled, removed from control, rescheduled, or transferred from one schedule to another. 
Proceedings to add, delete, or change the schedule of a drug or other substance may be initiated by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), or by petition from any interested party, including the manufacturer of a drug, a medical society or association, a pharmacy association, a public interest group concerned with drug abuse, a state or local government agency, or an individual citizen. When a petition is received by the DEA, the agency begins its own investigation of the drug. 
The DEA also may begin an investigation of a drug at any time based upon information received from law enforcement laboratories, state and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies, or other sources of information. 
Once the DEA has collected the necessary data, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Association, by authority of the Attorney General, requests from the HHS a scientific and medical evaluation and recommendation as to whether the drug or other substance should be controlled or removed from control. This request is sent to the Assistant Secretary of Health of the HHS. Then, the HHS solicits information from the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration and evaluations and recommendations from the National Institute on Drug Abuse, and on occasion, from the scientific and medical community. The Assistant Secretary, by authority of the Secretary, compiles the information and transmits back to the DEA a medical and scientific evaluation regarding the drug or other substance, a recommendation as to whether the drug should be controlled, and in what schedule it should be placed. 
The medical and scientific evaluations are binding to the DEA with respect to scientific and medical matters. The recommendation on scheduling is binding only to the extent that if HHS recommends that the substance not be controlled, the DEA may not control the substance. 
Once the DEA has received the scientific and medical evaluation from HHS, the Administrator will evaluate all available data and make a final decision whether to propose that a drug or other substance be controlled and into which schedule it should be placed. 
The CSA also creates a closed system of distribution for those authorized to handle controlled substances. The cornerstone of this system is the registration of all those authorized by the DEA to handle controlled substances. All individuals and firms that are registered are required to maintain complete and accurate inventories and records of all transactions involving controlled substances, as well as security for the storage of controlled substances.

</doc>
<doc id="2912635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912635" title="Yelena Yelesina">
Yelena Yelesina

Yelena Borisovna Yelesina (; born April 4, 1970) is a Russian female high jumper. She won the gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics with 2,01m, one centimetre behind her personal best jump. She also has several minor medals from major championships.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2912636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912636" title="Solar Project">
Solar Project

The German rock band Solar Project was founded in 1988. Their
musical style is categorized best as Art rock or Progressive rock.
History.
Solar Project was started in 1988 by Robert Valet, Volker
Janacek and Peter Terhoeven as a studio project. The debut album was
published in 1990 and until 2007 further six albums followed, which
are distributed by the French record label Musea. In addition
Solar Project contributed to Pink Floyd tribute albums with cover
versions. Since 1994 Solar Project can also be experienced live on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="2912651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912651" title="Bumpus Jones">
Bumpus Jones

Charles Leander (Bumpus) Jones (January 1, 1870 – June 25, 1938) was a right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds and New York Giants. He was born in Cedarville, Ohio.
Though Jones made only eight appearances in his brief major league career, he saved himself from baseball anonymity when he threw a no-hitter in his first major league appearance with the Cincinnati Reds on October 15, 1892, the last day of the season. The victim that day was the Pittsburgh Pirates, who lost 7–1. Jones was not perfect, as he gave up four walks, and he did not pitch a shutout, as an error led to an unearned run. But it was quite a start, and was his only outing of the season. This is still the latest date in the season that a no-hitter has ever been pitched in major league history. 
After that, Jones split 1893 between Cincinnati and the New York Giants, appearing in seven games overall, while going 1-4 with a 10.19 ERA. Jones would never pitch in the majors again. He remains the only player in Major League history to pitch a no-hitter in his first game. Only Bobo Holloman and Ted Breitenstein of the St. Louis Browns and managed to join Jones as pitchers to throw no-hitters in their first major league start, but they had previously appeared in a relief role. According to sabermetrician Bill James, Jones edges out Holloman for the distinction of mathematically least likely pitcher ever to have thrown a no-hitter in the major leagues.
In a two-season major league career, Jones posted a 2-4 career record with 10 strikeouts and a 7.99 ERA in 41⅔ innings of labor. After leaving the major leagues, Jones continued to pitch professionally. Jones pitched for the Grand Rapids Rippers and Sioux City Cornhuskers in 1894. He pitched for the Columbus Clippers from 1896 to 1899, and until recently was credited with the team record for career games pitched, with 212. Modern research, however, indicates that the actual total may be closer to 150. Jones finished his minor league career with the St. Paul Saints in 1901.
Jones died in Xenia, Ohio, at age 68, and was laid to rest at North Cemetery in Cedarville, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2912655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912655" title="Scientology Justice">
Scientology Justice

The Scientology Justice system is the Church of Scientology's internal means of assessing and dealing with violations of their code of ethics. These violations include those outside of the Church as well as within it.
"The Scientology Handbook", a compilation of texts by founder L. Ron Hubbard, says "When the individual fails to put in his own ethics, the group takes action against him and this is called justice" and also notes that "Man cannot be trusted with justice. The truth is, man cannot really be trusted with 'punishment'." 
Committee of Evidence.
A "Committee of Evidence", abbreviated as "Comm Ev", and is a tribunal that deals with serious offenses. According to Scientology policy, the Committee of Evidence is only convened at a church member's request or when there is evidence of serious wrongdoing by a church member.
Administrative procedure.
Administratively, the Committee of Evidence is initiated by a convening authority, usually the LRH Communicator of the organization. This person does so at the request, usually, of another church executive who makes formal accusations of violations of church ethics codes. A chairman, a secretary, and two to five other members are chosen by the convening authority who must be "senior" to the accused. Their task is to read and hear evidence for and against the accused church member. They have two weeks to complete the Committee of Evidence. Committee of Evidence policy explicitly bars any legal representation for the accused.
After reviewing evidence, the secretary and members vote on whether they think the accused church member is guilty or not guilty of each of the presented charges. Conviction on a charge is by majority vote. The Committee of Evidence then recommends punishment, which in principle, must be done in accordance with L. Ron Hubbard's policies. The outcome of a Committee of Evidence is issued in a document called the "Findings and Recommendations". All Committee of Evidence members must sign this document whether they agree with it or not. The only means of recourse are: A review Committee of Evidence, where the committee is supposed to just listen to the recordings and review the documents of the original Committee of Evidence, then issue new Findings and Recommendations, a petition by the accused church member to have the Committee of Evidence cancelled, which is directed to an executive highly-placed in the church hierarchy or a Board of Review in which the charges are reviewed by newly appointed Committee of Evidence members. Both the Board of Review and the Review Committee of Evidence have the option of making new recommendations.
The Committee of Evidence in practice.
In a lecture given on 2 August 1970, Hubbard admitted that Committees of Evidence were very unpopular with Scientologists: "..This, of course, requires something that is very unpopular, which is a Committee of Evidence."
Committee of Evidence members face being investigate and prosecuted by a Committee of Evidence themselves if the convening authority believes they were not aggressive enough in pursuit of the Committee of Evidence findings.
Court of Ethics.
A court of ethics is convened by an ethics officer or church executive senior to the church staff member being charged. The offenses being accused are of non-serious nature and the sentences are at the discretion of the person who convened the court of ethics. The court is not supposed to engage in investigation, but rather operate only on known evidence.

</doc>
<doc id="2912664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912664" title="Precipitable water">
Precipitable water

Precipitable water is the depth of water in a column of the atmosphere if all the water in that column were precipitated as rain. As a depth, the precipitable water is measured in millimeters or inches. Often abbreviated as "TPW" = total precipitable water.
Measurement.
There are different measurement techniques: 

</doc>
<doc id="2912680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912680" title="Where the Humans Eat">
Where the Humans Eat

Where the Humans Eat is the first full-length album released by American singer-songwriter Willy Mason. It was recorded in Catskill, New York in early May 2004. Songs were mostly recorded live, and feature Mason singing and playing guitar (adding cello, accordion, and vibraphone in the studio), and his younger brother Sam on drums. Mason wanted to capture the atmosphere of a live performance in the recordings, and tried to avoid re-recording songs: “I made a rule that we couldn’t record any of the songs in more than three takes. It allows you to make mistakes and accept those mistakes. Listening back, sometimes the wrong notes are the best parts of the song, the imperfections are what keeps it spontaneous and live-feeling."
The album's two singles, "Oxygen" and "So Long", charted on the UK Singles Chart, and the album reached #38 on the UK Albums Chart in 2005. The song "Oxygen" was covered by the operatic soprano Renée Fleming on her 2010 album "Dark Hope".
This album is the second release of Team Love Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2912682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912682" title="Poo-Chi">
Poo-Chi

Poo-Chi (or Poochi, Poochie), one of the first generations of robopet toys, is a since discontinued robot dog designed by Samuel James Lloyd, manufactured by Sega Toys, and distributed by Tiger Toys.
History.
Sega Toys' Poo-Chi hit markets on 1 April 2000, with Hasbro's Tiger Electronics distributing the toy in all countries other than Japan and Korea. Retailing at a price of 3,980 yen (then the equivalent of $38 USD) in Japan and $24.99 in the United States, the toy offered significantly cheaper competition to the AIBO's prices of up to 250,000 yen (then $2,400 USD). At the time, Hasbro's sales in their leading Furby line were slowing since its initial release in 1998 and sales of Star Wars branded merchandise was in decline. The Poo-Chi's release was a success, selling over 10 million units worldwide over the span of 8 months since its initial debut.
Special editions of the Poo-Chi soon sprouted, such as the "102 Dalmatians" holiday release of three Poo-Chis resembling the characters Domino, Little Dipper, and Oddball. In addition to special editions, an upgraded version, the Super Poo-Chi, and differing breeds of the Poo-Chi were released (all of which could communicate together), along with spin-offs such as the Meow-Chi and the Chirpy-Chi. Miniature versions were featured as toys in the McDonald's Happy Meal.
Poo-Chi stopped selling in 2002, having been replaced FurReal Friends. 
Description.
The original Poo-Chi had a gray body with ears, tail, and leg joints of either purple, blue, pink or green colour. With four legs allowing the toy to stand up or lie down, it utilized a red LED display as eyes to show emotion.
Special Editions.
The Christmas Special Edition Poo-Chi was offered for a limited time, coloured red and white with snowflake designs throughout the body, ears, with an interactive bone included in its seasonal box. The toy had its list of songs updated to include Christmas music. The Christmas Special Edition was only available in a handful of countries and retailed for 2–3 months, making it the rarest and most collectible of the genre with collectors realizing in excess of $300 USD for boxed Christmas Poo-Chi units.
Speech.
Poo-Chi spoke using prerecorded sounds such as barks, whines, and growls. Due to limitations of the toy's technology, most of the sounds were rendered as beeps rather than a realistic sound effect. Poo-Chi could also "bark" songs, which could be prompted by pressing the button on the top of its head.
Spin-offs.
Multiple spin-offs of the Poo-Chi were produced. All were based on different animals, other than the Super Poo-Chi, a larger version of the original toy.
Songs.
The Poo-Chi could "sing" one of 6 songs when following the light sensor in its nose being activated, the touch sensor on its head was pressed. The toy would then emit a series of high-pitched beeps. The user could afterwards press the touch sensor, the number of times the sensor having been pressed corresponding to a different tune. The different songs the Poo-Chi could play are as follows:
Poo-Chi would often sing "Ode to Joy" by Ludwig van Beethoven when happy, and if another Poo-Chi or Robo-Chi pet was nearby (such as a Meow-Chi), that other Robo-Chi would begin to sing "Ode to Joy" as well, though the playback would not be synchronized.

</doc>
<doc id="2912684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912684" title="International criminal law">
International criminal law

International criminal law is a body of international law designed to prohibit certain categories of conduct commonly viewed as serious atrocities and to make perpetrators of such conduct criminally accountable for their perpetration. Principally, it deals with genocide, war crimes, crimes against humanity, as well as the crime of aggression. This article also discusses crimes against international law, which may not be part of the body of international criminal law.
"Classical" international law governs the relationships, rights, and responsibilities of states. Criminal law generally deals with prohibitions addressed to individuals, and penal sanctions for violation of those prohibition imposed by individual states. International criminal law comprises elements of both in that although its sources are those of international law, its consequences are penal sanctions imposed on individuals.
History.
Some precedents in international criminal law can be found in the time before World War I. However, it was only after the war that a truly international crime tribunal was envisaged to try perpetrators of crimes committed in this period. Thus, the Treaty of Versailles stated that an international tribunal was to be set up to try Wilhelm II of Germany. In the event however, the Kaiser was granted asylum in the Netherlands. After World War II, the Allied powers set up an international tribunal to try not only war crimes, but crimes against humanity committed under the Nazi regime. The Nuremberg Tribunal held its first session in 1945 and pronounced judgments on 30 September / 1 October 1946. A similar tribunal was established for Japanese war crimes (The International Military Tribunal for the Far East). It operated from 1946 to 1948.
After the beginning of the war in Bosnia, the United Nations Security Council established the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in 1993 and, after the genocide in Rwanda, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda in 1994. The International Law Commission had commenced preparatory work for the establishment of a permanent International Criminal Court in 1993; in 1998, at a Diplomatic Conference in Rome, the Rome Statute establishing the ICC was signed. The ICC issued its first arrest warrants in 2005.
Sources of International Criminal Law.
International criminal law is a subset of international law. As such, its sources are the same as those that comprise international law. The classical enumeration of those sources is in Article 38(1) of the 1946 Statute of the International Court of Justice and comprise: treaties, customary international law, general principles of law (and as a subsidiary measure judicial decisions and the most highly qualified juristic writings). The ICC statute contains an analogous, though not identical, set of sources that the ICC may rely on.
The importance of prosecuting international crimes.
The prosecution of severe international crimes—including genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes—is necessary to enforce international criminal law and deliver justice to victims.
This is an important component of transitional justice, or the process of transforming societies into rights-respecting democracies and addressing past human rights violations.
Investigations and trials of leaders who have committed crimes and caused mass political or military atrocities is a key demand of victims of human rights abuses. Prosecution of such criminals can play a key role in restoring dignity to victims, and restoring trusting relationships in society.
The International Criminal Court, as described below, can play an important role in prosecuting international crimes in cases where domestic courts are unwilling or unable to do so...
Institutions of international criminal law.
Today, the most important institution is the International Criminal Court (ICC), as well as several "ad hoc" tribunals:
Apart from these institutions, some "hybrid" courts and tribunals exist—judicial bodies with both international and national judges:
International Criminal Court.
The International Criminal Court (; commonly referred to as the ICC or ICCt) is a permanent tribunal to prosecute individuals for genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression (although it cannot currently exercise jurisdiction over the crime of aggression).
The court's creation perhaps constitutes the most significant reform of international law since 1945. It gives authority to the two bodies of international law that deal with treatment of individuals: human rights and humanitarian law.
It came into being on July 1, 2002—the date its founding treaty, the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, entered into force—and it can only prosecute crimes committed on or after that date. The court's official seat is in The Hague, Netherlands, but its proceedings may take place anywhere.
The court can generally exercise jurisdiction only in cases where the accused is a national of a state party, the alleged crime took place on the territory of a state party, or a situation is referred to the court by the United Nations Security Council. It is designed to complement existing national judicial systems: it can exercise its jurisdiction only when national courts are unwilling or unable to investigate or prosecute such crimes. Primary responsibility to investigate and punish crimes is therefore left to individual states.
To date, the Court:
It 
As of March 2011, three trials against four people are underway: two trials regarding the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and one trial regarding the Central African Republic. Another two people have been committed to a fourth trial in the situation of Darfur, Sudan. One confirmation of charges hearing (against one person in the situation of the DR Congo) is to start in July 2011 while two new cases (against a total of six persons in the situation of Kenya) will begin with the suspects' first appearances in April 2011.
International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR), or the Tribunal pénal international pour le Rwanda (TPIR), is an international court established in November 1994 by the United Nations Security Council in Resolution 955 in order to judge people responsible for the Rwandan Genocide and other serious violations of the international law in Rwanda, or by Rwandan citizens in nearby states, between 1 January and 31 December 1994.
In 1995 it became located in Arusha, Tanzania, under Resolution 977. (From 2006, Arusha also became the location of the African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights). In 1998 the operation of the Tribunal was expanded in Resolution 1165. Through several resolutions, the Security Council called on the Tribunal to complete its investigations by end of 2004, complete all trial activities by end of 2008, and complete all work in 2012.
The tribunal has jurisdiction over genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes, which are defined as violations of Common Article Three and Additional Protocol II of the Geneva Conventions (dealing with war crimes committed during internal conflicts).
So far, the Tribunal has finished 50 trials and convicted 29 accused persons. Another 11 trials are in progress. 14 individuals are awaiting trial in detention; but the prosecutor intends to transfer 5 to national jurisdiction for trial. 13 others are still at large, some suspected to be dead.
On July 1, 2012, an International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals will begin functioning with respect to the work begun by the ICTR. The ICTR has been called upon by the United Nations Security Council to finish its work by December 31, 2014, and to prepare its closure and transition of cases to the Mechanism.
International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
The International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991, more commonly referred to as the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia or ICTY, is a body of the United Nations established to prosecute serious crimes committed during the wars in the former Yugoslavia, and to try their perpetrators. The tribunal is an ad hoc court which is located in The Hague, the Netherlands.
The Court was established by Resolution 827 of the United Nations Security Council, which was passed on 25 May 1993. It has jurisdiction over four clusters of crime committed on the territory of the former Yugoslavia since 1991: grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions, violations of the laws or customs of war, genocide, and crime against humanity. The maximum sentence it can impose is life imprisonment. Various countries have signed agreements with the UN to carry out custodial sentences. The last indictment was issued 15 March 2004. The Tribunal aims to complete all trials by mid-2011 and all appeals by 2013, with the exception of Radovan Karadžić whose trial is expected to end in 2012 and the appeal to be heard by February 2014. Goran Hadžić has been charged, however is still at large and thus do not fall within the court's completion strategy.
On 1 July 2013, an International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals will begin functioning with respect to the work begun by the ICTY. The ICTY has been called upon by the United Nations Security Council to finish its work by 31 December 2014 and to prepare its closure and transition of cases to the Mechanism.
Recognition of International Criminal Law in Domestic Jurisdictions.
United Kingdom.
Under section 51(1) of the International Criminal Court Act 2001, genocide and crimes against humanity committed either in the United Kingdom or by United Kingdom nationals abroad can be prosecuted but, as a dualist nation, other prosecutions can only be mounted where the United Kingdom has acceded to the Treaties and Conventions that create the offences including: war crimes, torture, and enslavement and forced labour offences. The criminal jurisdiction is presumed territorial in the absence of express words and based on the presence of the accused within the jurisdiction. There are a number of statutes that impose criminal liability on UK and/or non-UK nationals who commit particular acts outside the jurisdiction, but this can only be exercised where the individual is present or visits the United Kingdom, otherwise the UK government would need to seek extradition from the state in which he is located.
Legal person's criminal liability.
It is a rule of statutory interpretation that unless a contrary intention appears, the word "person" includes any body of persons corporate or unincorporated. Thus, once the principle of corporate liability for the form of legal entity is accepted, the entity can be charged with any international offence no matter where it was committed in the same way as a natural person.
Legal person's liability in court.
Under the Rules of the Supreme Court, a court can accept claims against a corporation for a tort arising out of an international crime committed outside the jurisdiction so long as there is some real connection with the UK (see forum shopping and "forum non conveniens"). This liability is usually based on some activity committed within the jurisdiction or on the fact that profits from the tortious activity have been received within the jurisdiction. Similarly, most breaches of international human rights would be tortious, e.g., torture could be trespass to the person, etc. Civil proceedings may be served on a person who is physically present within the jurisdiction, even if only temporarily. Proceedings may also be served outside the jurisdiction with the permission of the court. This will usually be granted for defendants resident in the "lex loci solutionis" (the Latin tag for "the law of the place of performance whether in contract or tort), the "lex situs" (the Latin tag for "the law of the place where the property is located") or the proper law state.
United States.
U.S. implementation.
Because United States federal criminal law is statutory, the relevant international criminal prohibition must have been incorporated directly into U.S. criminal law through Congressional legislation before the matter can be prosecuted in United States Courts. Congress has enacted statutes covering genocide, war crimes, torture, piracy, slavery, and trafficking in women and children to meet the U.S. obligations under international agreements.
Legal person's liability in tort.
Although U.S. federal courts do not apply the doctrine of universal jurisdiction, "Filártiga v. Peña-Irala" 630 F.2d 876 (2d Cir., June 30, 1980), interpreted the Alien Tort Statute, 28 U.S.C., which provides:
The "Filartiga" ruling allows a range of tort claims for alleged breaches of the "law of nations". Companies may also be liable for the illegal exploitation of resources abroad under the National Stolen Properties Act and the Racketeering Influenced Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO), and the courts have allowed claims for forced labour and personal injuries when employed as a slave laborer, and claims by citizens of "foreign" countries for injuries inflicted by security forces employed by a subsidiary of a U.S. corporation. U.S. courts have in personam (the Latin tag for "personal jurisdiction") over a corporation if:
In personam jurisdiction over a corporation may be "general"—i.e., a suit may be brought for any cause of action over which the forum court has subject matter jurisdiction and is a proper venue; or "specific", i.e., the suit may address only those activities which gave rise to the cause of action. Even if the jurisdiction and venue are proper, a federal court has a discretion to dismiss the suit under the "act of state" doctrine or one of its related doctrines, such as comity or political question.
Canada.
Natural persons.
In Canada, the Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act, S.C. 2000 (CAHW) has incorporated the following as domestic crimes: genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, breach of responsibility by a military commander or a superior (usually a civilian superior), offences against the administration of justice of the International Criminal Court, and possession or laundering of proceeds derived from these crimes. Normally, criminal jurisdiction is exclusively territorial, but CAHW invokes universal jurisdiction as defined in customary international law.
Legal persons.
Companies are not expressly included or excluded from prosecution for international crimes under CAHW. but all the standard remedies in tort are available against corporations for activities committed outside the jurisdiction. For civil jurisdiction, the court requires a "real and substantial connection" with the subject matter of the case (i.e., the "forum conveniens" rule).
France.
Natural persons.
The new Criminal Code includes a series of provisions describing crimes against humanity in considerable detail, including genocide and aggravated war crimes. A limited number of international crimes have equivalents in French domestic law, e.g., forced labour is the equivalent of illegal confinement.
Extraterritorial jurisdiction is based on a connection with France through:
Legal persons.
In French law, a civil action can be brought jointly with a penal action before a criminal court. Corporate liability is covered in Articles 121/2 of the new Criminal Code which provide that legal persons will be liable in the cases identified by the Legislature and Article 213-3 provides that legal persons may incur criminal liability for all crimes against humanity.
Norway.
Natural persons.
Norwegian municipal law incorporates specific areas of international law, but there must be a matching penal provision in the domestic criminal law as a precondition to enforcement. Norway is a signatory to the International Criminal Court which has complementary jurisdiction to municipal criminal courts, albeit that the local courts have precedence to prosecute the crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression. Norway prosecutes international crimes using domestic penal law, e.g., genocide can be treated as homicide, torture as an offence against the person, etc. Norwegian criminal law is applicable to acts committed abroad by any Norwegian national or any person domiciled in Norway when the act is a felony under the law of the country in which it is committed. There is a general discretion to decline a prosecution which occurred in a case brought against the Israeli Prime Minister.
Legal persons.
If a business entity domiciled in Norway is involved in unlawful activity committed outside the jurisdiction, both civil and criminal actions are available subject to the rule of "double actionability", i.e., the activity must have been unlawful under the laws of both Norway and the country of commission. The Norwegian Code of Compensation allows actions for damages for the loss and damage arising from the breach of international law. Civil jurisdiction is based on residence or temporary personal presence for natural persons and the place where the board of directors has its seat. Non-nationals can be sued in Norway if any business activity occurs in Norway. The court must be "conveniens", i.e., objectively competent in a local and functional way and, in some cases, this requires the defendant's consent.

</doc>
<doc id="2912685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912685" title="Sergey Dolmatov">
Sergey Dolmatov

Sergey Viktorovich Dolmatov (born February 20, 1959) is a Russian Grandmaster of chess and former World Junior Chess Champion.
Born in Kiselevsk in the former Soviet Union, Dolmatov's solid yet enterprising style of play was soon to launch him to the forefront of youth chess, culminating in him winning the World Junior Chess Championship in 1978. He was awarded the title of International Master in the same year and became a Grandmaster in 1982.
Along with the titles, the early part of his chess career yielded many international tournament victories, including the Amsterdam Masters 1979, Bucharest 1981, Hradec Kralove 1981, Frunze 1983, Barcelona 1983 and Tallinn 1985. Also notable was Dolmatov's second place (to Vitaly Tseshkovsky) in a category 11 tournament at Minsk in 1982.
However, as is often the case, such rapid early progress can be difficult to sustain. Despite winning at Hastings (1989–90) and qualifying as a World Championship candidate from the strong Manila Interzonal of 1990, Dolmatov narrowly failed to convert his 'preliminary round' match against Artur Yusupov the following year. Nevertheless, during this period his Elo rating exceeded 2600 and he managed to maintain this level for the next decade. As the new millennium approached, his frequency of play declined and since 2004, he has been more or less inactive.
There was some success in the latter part of his 'busy' period, notably the Linares Open of 2000, but at the Moscow Aeroflot Open of 2004 he famously lost a game to 13 year old Magnus Carlsen in just 19 moves. Dolmatov has also been a chess writer in the early part of the 2000s, contributing opening surveys and tournament reports to chess journals such as New In Chess.
As a player of the white pieces, he favours the King (or 'e') pawn openings and as black, shows a preference for the Dutch Defence, King's Indian Defence and French Defence.
In 2007, Dolmatov was awarded the title of FIDE Senior Trainer.

</doc>
<doc id="2912698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912698" title="The Vipers">
The Vipers

The Vipers were an Irish new wave group of the late 1970s. An incendiary live act fronted by Paul Boyle and virtuoso guitarist George Sweeney, they built up a loyal following in their home country and toured with the likes of The Clash and The Jam.
A well received debut single "I've Got You"/"No Such Thing" (Mulligan LUNS 718) hit the streets in late 1978. This was heard and liked by the BBC's John Peel who invited the band across the Irish Sea to do a session for his famous radio program, the Peel Sessions. A permanent move to London led to extensive UK tours with the Boomtown Rats and Thin Lizzy as well as regular gigs on the circuit including the Marquee, Music Machine and Fulham Greyhound. A further single "Take Me" was released in early 1980. Although press was always positive a failure to secure long term record company support led to the band splitting up in London in late 1980.
The best known and most enduring line up was Boyle (lead vocals /gtr) Sweeney (lead guitar) Dolan Foley (bass) and Dave Moloney (drums). Hastings legend Bernie Smirnoff (ex Hollywood Killers) took over the drum stool from Moloney in late 1979. After the Vipers, Boyle ultimately switched to acting whilst his erstwhile colleagues stuck with music, Foley going on to Dublin legends the Blades, Moloney to the Cajun Kings and Sweeney the Fat Lady Sings.Bernie Smirnoff went on to play for my eyes my eyes and now plays for Kingbathmat.

</doc>
<doc id="2912699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912699" title="Allegory of Divine Providence and Barberini Power (Cortona)">
Allegory of Divine Providence and Barberini Power (Cortona)

The Allegory of Divine Providence and Barberini Power is a fresco by Italian painter Pietro da Cortona, filling the large ceiling of the grand salon of the Palazzo Barberini in Rome, Italy. Begun in 1633, it was nearly finished in three years; upon Cortona's return from Venice, it was extensively reworked to completion in 1639. The Palazzo, since the 1620s, had been the palatial home of the Barberini family headed by Maffeo Barberini, by then Urban VIII, who had launched an extensive program of refurbishment of the city with art and architecture.
Composition.
These commissioned artworks often teem with suns and bees (the Barberini family crest had three bees), as also the Cortona fresco does. At one end of the sky sits the eminent solar Divine Providence, while at the other end are putti and flying maidens holding aloft the papal keys, tiara, with robe belt above a swarm of heraldic giant golden bees. Below Providence, the simulated frame crumbles. Time with a scythe seems to swallow a putti's arm. A starry Crown of Immortality is ferried up to the heraldic swarm. Some scholars have suggested that one of the fresco's goals was to portray the Barberini papal election, which had been rumored to have been rigged, as divine providence. At one edge, are laborers in a forge so hard at work, they shatter the outer frame.
Critical assessment and legacy.
Frescoes were numerous in Rome at the time; most represented galleries of framed episodes, "quadro riportato" such as found on the ceilings of the Sistine Chapel ceiling or in Annibale Carracci's Palazzo Farnese (completed in 1601) cycle. Baldassare Peruzzi had pioneered this style of painting called quadratura, in which the fresco replaces or simulates some of the architectural framework, using often forced perspective. Such trompe-l'oeil artifices were not novel to Italian art, since for example Mantegna and Giulio Romano in Mantua had featured such frescoes; however, for Cortona, the luminous sky became a teeming tour de force, a style that became influenced many other large fresco spectacles such as those by Tiepolo for example, in Madrid, by Ehrenstrahl in his "Council of the Virtues" from the House of Nobility, in Stockholm and in the frescoes depicting the "Apotheosis of the Pisani Family" in the Villa Pisani at Stra. Other famous "sotto in su" frescoes in Rome include Andrea Pozzo's "Apotheosis of St Ignatius" at the Roman church of Sant'Ignazio.
Cortona's extravagant trompe l'oeil panegyrics lost favor in subsequent minimalist and sardonic centuries; they seemed cheap, theatrical trickery in the 19th century, which prized "sincerity" and in which viewers became accustomed to photographic distortion. His sunny and cherubim-infested panoramas recalled Rococo excesses and stood in stark contrast to the darker, renegade naturalism prominent among the Caravaggisti and to the sober, classicizing restraint of Andrea Sacchi—but served as a reminder that the Baroque period was not at all monolithic. Despite the exuberant energies of Cortona, his Baroque excesses, like those of Annibale Carracci in the Palazzo Farnese Gallery, were, by mid-century, reined in by the strong urge towards classicism represented by the art theorist Gian Pietro Bellori and by Sacchi and his school, particularly his student, Carlo Maratta.
In his time, Cortona was prized by his patrons. To contemporary observers, his art seems reactionary and, to be exact, patronizing, attaching an encyclopedia of divine virtues to a profligate and nepotistic papal family.

</doc>
<doc id="2912702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912702" title="Telekon">
Telekon

Released in 1980, Telekon is the fourth studio album, and second album under his own name, by the British musician Gary Numan. It debuted at the top of the UK charts in September 1980, making it his third and consecutive (and to date, final) no.1 album.
"Telekon" is also the third and final studio release of what Numan retrospectively termed the "Machine" section of his career, following "Replicas" and "The Pleasure Principle" in 1979. It was his last album before his brief "retirement" from touring and the last to feature bassist Paul Gardiner, a member of Numan's band since the early days of Tubeway Army.
Overview.
In contrast to "The Pleasure Principle", with its lack of guitars and its robotic sound, "Telekon" featured heavy use of guitars and strings along with richer synthesizer textures. Numan broadened his previous synth palette with additional machines such as the Sequential Circuits Prophet-5, ARP Pro Soloist and Roland Jupiter-4. Track 11, "The Joy Circuit", uses a combination of synths and string instruments, notably the violin, to create an orchestral ambience. Its lyrics include the then-trademark reference to William Burroughs, notably "We're on joy circuit/The image fix/Rewind, cry/Well, it's somewhere to go."
Lyrically, whilst continuing Numan's exploration of a dystopian future in pieces like the title track and "I Dream of Wires", "Telekon" also took stock of the artist's sudden celebrity and the apparently overwhelming adulation of his fans in songs like "Remind Me to Smile" (""Reconsider 'fame'/I need new reasons/This is detention/It's not fun at all...Keep your revivals/Keep your conventions/Keep all your fantasies/That's all we are"") and "Please Push No More". The album's musical style ranged from upbeat songs such as "I'm an Agent" and "The Joy Circuit" to mood pieces like "Sleep by Windows" and "Remember I Was Vapour".
Like all of Numan's commercially popular early records, "Telekon" received a largely hostile reception from contemporary music critics; nevertheless it proved to be an influential work. Trent Reznor claimed to have listened to it every day during the making of "Pretty Hate Machine" and Stephin Merritt from The Magnetic Fields also became a Numan fan through the album. Merritt recorded "I Die: You Die" as his contribution to the "Random" tribute album in 1997, which also included covers of "I'm an Agent", "Remember I Was Vapour" and "We Are Glass". However the earliest cover of a song from this album was in the very year of its release when Robert Palmer collaborated with Numan on a version of "I Dream of Wires" for the "Clues" LP.
Singles.
"Telekon" was preceded by two hit singles, "We Are Glass" and "". Although neither of these was included on the album in its initial UK vinyl release they featured on the cassette release (overseas releases such as the US, Canada and Australia added "I Die: You Die" in place of "Sleep by Windows"). Early UK pressings came with a limited edition live 45, "Remember I Was Vapour" b/w "On Broadway", and all of these tracks, along with B-sides and the outtake "A Game Called 'Echo'", were subsequently included on various CD reissues. Numan had premiered "Remember I Was Vapour" during the UK leg of 'The Touring Principle' in late 1979, preceding its appearance on "Telekon" by a year. He also premiered "We Are Glass", "I Die: You Die" and "Remind Me to Smile" during the April 1980 leg.
The only single taken from the album post release was the opening number "This Wreckage"; which charted no higher than number 20. The composer admitted that regardless of its merits as a song it was a "bloody stupid single". Surprisingly, Numan declined to issue the anthemic "Remind Me to Smile" as a single (although it was released as a promo single in the US).
The Teletour.
From late 1980 to early 1981 Numan toured the UK, Europe and North America in support of "Telekon" with guest Nash the Slash and a lavish stage set; Numan's stage costume - a black leather boilersuit with interlocking red belts - would be an enduring image. An early performance of 'The Teletour' was captured on the album "Living Ornaments '80" and in a rendition of "Down in the Park" for the movie "Urgh! A Music War" (both 1981). The 2005 CD re-issue of "Living Ornaments '80" included the original 10-track album and a recently re-discovered soundboard recording of the entire concert. The Teletour was followed in April 1981 with three sold-out nights at Wembley Arena where Numan brought down the curtain on this phase of his career in extravagant style, as recorded in the accompanying video "Micromusic" (soundtrack released in 1998 as "Living Ornaments '81"). Although these were billed as Numan's farewell concerts, he would play a series of US club dates the following year and returned to large-scale touring in 1983.
Classic Album Tour and "Micromusic" DVD.
In December 2006, Numan undertook a "Telekon" "Classic Album" tour, comprising four concerts in the UK in which he played all the songs from the "Telekon" album, as well as its associated singles and B-sides. On the 2CD "EKO: The Telekon 06 Audio Programme" (sold at the 2006 "Telekon" gigs and from Numan's website), Numan discusses (with interviewer Steve Malins) the making of "Telekon", revealing that it is his favourite of his "early albums." Numan followed the 2006 tour with further "Classic Album" tours, for "Replicas" in 2008 and "The Pleasure Principle" in 2009.
In 2006, Numan promised fans a DVD release of the 1981 "Micromusic" video. On his official website in October 2008, Numan announced that the long-lost master tapes of the "Micromusic" concert had been found, "in excellent condition and, to make things even better, more footage has been found from two other camera positions that were not used on the original version. This new footage will be edited into a new updated version...We expect this to be, with all the extra footage and interviews, a double disc DVD." On 19 March 2010, Numan announced that the "Micromusic" DVD would be released on 13 April.[http://numan.co.uk/box/news.html] "Micromusic" was released on that date as a one-disc DVD; in addition to the concert itself, the DVD features an hour-long interview with Numan as a special feature.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Gary Numan except for "Trois Gymnopédies", which is a composition by Erik Satie.

</doc>
<doc id="2912706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912706" title="Susan Fleetwood">
Susan Fleetwood

Susan Maureen Fleetwood (21 September 1944 — 29 September 1995) was a British stage, film and television actress, best known as a star of the classical theatre companies of England. She received popular acclaim in the television series "Chandler & Co" and "The Buddha of Suburbia". 
Personal life.
Fleetwood was born in St Andrews, Scotland, the daughter of Bridget Maureen (née Brereton) and John Joseph Kells Fleetwood, an RAF officer. She was a sister of musician and actor Mick Fleetwood. The service family was stationed in Egypt in the years before the Suez crisis and afterwards in Norway where John Fleetwood received a NATO appointment, and where Susan received her first role as the Old Testament Joseph in a school play. On her return to England she was encouraged to take up drama by a nun at a convent school, winning a scholarship to RADA at the age of sixteen. Her partner at the time of her death was theatre director Sebastian Graham-Jones. She never married.
Stage.
After training with RADA, where a student production won Fleetwood the Bancroft gold medal, in 1964 she joined the company of the Liverpool Everyman theatre, where her fellow student Terry Hands had been appointed director. When Hands moved to the RSC in 1967, she followed. In 1968 at Stratford she gave two commanding performances: in the relatively unpromising part of Cassandra in "Troilus and Cressida" and as Regan in "Lear". In 1969, under the direction of Hands, she movingly doubled the parts Thaisa and Marina in "Pericles". 
In 1974, she played Imogen in John Barton's production of "Cymbeline". Many principal roles followed, until in 1977 the former RSC director Peter Hall persuaded her to join him in the National Theatre company where, in addition to playing Ophelia to Albert Finney's Hamlet, she was offered parts from a wider repertory of plays. In the early 1980s she appeared in seasons with both companies, including a memorable Rosalind in "As You Like It". Her last season with the RSC was 1990-91.
Death.
She died in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England, aged 51, after a ten-year battle with breast cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="2912711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912711" title="Buttermere and Ennerdale">
Buttermere and Ennerdale

Buttermere and Ennerdale is a National Trust property located in the Lake District of Cumbria, England.
The property comprises an area of of fell and common land, including the lakes of Buttermere, Crummock Water and Loweswater, seven farms and woodland, as well as access to Ennerdale Water.

</doc>
<doc id="2912712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912712" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dubrovnik">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dubrovnik

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dubrovnik (; ) is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in southern Croatia. The diocese is centred in the city of Dubrovnik. It was first erected in 990. From 1120 to 1828 it was elevated to the status of archdiocese.
The Cathedral of the Assumption of Mary in Dubrovnik was built in 1713 after the previous cathedral was destroyed in an earthquake. Current Bishop Mate Uzinić is head of the diocese. He was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI in 2011.
Dubrovnik's patron saint is Saint Blaise (locally called "Sveti Vlaho").

</doc>
<doc id="2912718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912718" title="Shad Saleem Faruqi">
Shad Saleem Faruqi

Emeritus Professor Datuk Dr. Shad Saleem Faruqi is a Malaysian Professor Professor of Law who has served Universiti Teknologi MARA in Shah Alam, Selangor in various capacities from 1971 onwards. He served as the Head of the Diploma in Law programme (1979–1984), as Assistant Rector (1996–1999), Assistant Vice Chancellor (1999–2001) and Legal Advisor (1996–2006, 2010–present).
He has also served on the faculties of law at the International Islamic University Malaysia, part time at Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and a visiting professor/Honorary Legal Adviser/Holder of the Tun Sambanthan Chair at Universiti Sains Malaysia, Penang.
Work and contributions.
At the international level Dr. Shad Faruqi has served as a consultant to many countries including Maldives, Fiji, Timor Leste, Afghanistan Iraq and Sudan, advising them on their constitutional documents. In 1991 as part of an Asia Foundation Project he drafted the constitution of the Republic of Maldives. 
He was a one-time member and Secretary-General of the Manila-based Congressional Research and Training Services that conducted several institutional efficacy courses for legislators from many third world countries. He has presented seminar papers in the USA, UK, Germany, Iran, Kenya, Sudan, Maldives, India, Singapore, Thailand, Philippines, Hong Kong, Australia and Japan. He has helped to draft several international documents including the Kuala Lumpur Declaration to Criminalize War and a document for the UN on Protection for Places of Worship. He is a sitting Judge on the Kuala Lumpur War Crimes Tribunal. He is an Executive Council member of the Kuala Lumpur based International Centre for Law and legal Studies.
At the national level, he has been called upon on several occasions to draft national legislation. On behalf of Institut Teknologi MARA he drafted the Institut Teknologi MARA (Amendment) Bill 1996 that went on to become an Act of Parliament. In 1999 he drafted the Universiti Teknologi MARA (Amendment) Bill that was enacted by Parliament as Act A1073. The Act converted Institut Teknologi MARA into a full-fledged university.
At the end of 2004, the Barisan Nasional Back-Benchers Club of the Parliament of Malaysia appointed him as a consultant to advise them on reforming and empowering Parliament in the face of the executive branch's dominance of the Malaysian government.
In 2006 the Minister of Education appointed him Chairman of a Committee to propose amendments to the Universities and University Colleges Act 1972 30. The Committee's recommendations were adopted as law in early 2009. In 2008 he drafted the new 'Apex Constitution' of Universiti Sains Malaysia. In 2010 he was reappointed to a committee to review the Universities and University Colleges Act 30. He is also a member of the Apex University Initiative; a Distinguished Fellow of the Institute of Strategic Studies; and one-time member of the Malaysian Human Rights Commission's Education Sub-Committee.
Awards and honours.
In 2008, Universiti Sains Malaysia, Malaysia's first "apex university", appointed him as a Visiting Professor. Later he was appointed an Honorary Legal Advisor and the first holder of the Tun Sambanthan Chair. In 2009 UiTM honoured him with the University's first Emeritus Professorship award. In 2009, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (King) of Malaysia honoured him with the federal title of "Datuk".
Authorship.
Articles.
Between 1982-1985 Dr Shad contributed periodic articles and editorials to the "New Straits Times". During 2001 and 2002 he authored a regular weekly column "Facets of Our Constitution" for the "Sunday Star". His column "Document of Destiny" appeared in "The Sun" from 2006 to 2007. Presently he writes a fortnightly column "Reflecting on the Law" for the Star. he has written the following articles:
Books.
Dr Shad is the author of "Human Rights, Globalisation and the Asian Economic Crisis", "Islam International Law and the War Against Terrorism", "Islam, Democracy and Development","Document of Destiny: The Constitution of the Federation of Malaysia" and "The Bedrock of Our Nation: Our Constitution". He is the co-author of "Media Law & Regulations in Malaysia" and Co-editor of "Decolonising Our Universities - Towards a Non-Eurocentric Paradigm". He has contributed over 350 articles to legal periodicals, anthologies and newspapers and has presented over 300 seminar papers in 15 countries including the US, UK, Australia, Germany and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2912729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912729" title="The World at One">
The World at One

The World at One, or WATO ("what-oh") for short, is BBC Radio 4's long-running lunchtime news and current affairs programme, which is currently broadcast from 1.00 pm to 1.45 pm from Monday to Friday. The programme describes itself as "Britain's leading political programme. With a reputation for rigorous and original investigation, it is required listening in Westminster". Because of the programme's nature it is often agenda setting, with interviews leading the headlines from lunchtime through to early evening. 
From 7 November 2011, the programme was extended in length to 45 minutes (from 30 minutes). This has meant the thirty-minute programmes at one time broadcast immediately after "The World at One" (such as "Brain of Britain") have now found a new time slot on the Radio 4 schedule. A fifteen-minute programme now fills the gap till 2 pm.
History.
The programme began on 4 October 1965 on the (then) Home Service and its launch is considered to have been key in making news programmes 'appointment to listen' broadcasting. As the then head of BBC Radio, Jenny Abramsky, noted, the programme started at a time when the "Today" programme was still in a more comfortable magazine format. "The World at One" "broke new ground in news broadcasting and was one of the reasons why radio is still important today", helping establish a form of current affairs programme that influenced the creation of "Newsnight" in 1980 and "Channel 4 News" in 1982.
The launch of "The World at One" was part of a wider change in BBC news and current affairs coverage: more journalists were arriving from Fleet Street and replacing a more sedate and collegiate culture. John Timpson said that by 1966 or 1967, "n Oxbridge accent was no longer as important as a good contacts book, a shrewd eye for a new angle, and a skin like a rhinoceros" and that the news offices "no longer had the leisurely atmosphere of a club smoking room".
The programme had attracted criticism as it seemed to blend together news and current affairs, and break down the distinction made between reporting and interpretation. David Hendy, in "Life on Air: A History of Radio Four", said that this change was more a change in aesthetic than it was in underlying organizational structure: "by allowing the programme presenter to write and deliver the headlines, it did appear to blur it distinction between news and comment on air".
The first presenter, William Hardcastle, was a former editor of the "Daily Mail" and had also been Washington Correspondent for Reuters. The Radio Academy Hall of Fame says he "had a businesslike, but warm broadcasting voice, and a style that emphasised fact rather than comment, bringing some Fleet Street urgency to the radio presentation of news". Hardcastle did not want to do the programme every day so Andrew Boyle suggested he share the job with William Davis another presenter whose career did not wholly depend on the BBC.
The programme was a success from the start. Over two million people were tuning in by the end of 1965, and would eventually reach four million by 1975.
In 1998, the then Controller of Radio 4, James Boyle, reduced the duration of the programme from 40 to 30 minutes as part of a series of schedule changes.
"The World at One" is still known for its robust journalism. After a short introduction to the programme, there is a six-minute news bulletin, followed by serious political interviews and in-depth reports. In recent years, the programme has focussed on 'tensions within the coalition', a phrase which is heard in almost every edition, much to the amusement of regular listeners. Its audience reach has risen recently to approximately 3.3 million listeners, with an average daily audience of around 1.4 million.
From late 2005, Shaun Ley presented the show while Clarke recovered from an operation to remove a cancer in his left leg. Clarke returned part-time in August 2006. Other stand-in presenters have included Brian Hanrahan, Guto Harri, Laura Trevelyan, Stephen Sackur, Carolyn Quinn, James Robbins and Mark Mardell. The current main presenter is Martha Kearney - who presents from Monday to Thursday, with Ley usually in the chair on Friday.
In 2012 the programme was nominated as one of the best news and current affairs programmes in the Sony Radio Awards.
The previous week's programmes can be listened to again using the BBC iPlayer or downloaded as a podcast.
Many reporters and producers have spent some time working on the programme including Sue MacGregor, Kirsty Wark, Charlie Lee-Potter, Ted Harrison, Jonathan Dimbleby, Roger Cook, George Alagiah, Jenny Abramsky, Roger Hearing, Sian Williams, Peter Biles, Kirsty Lang, Martin Fewell, Shelagh Fogarty, David Jessel, Nick Ross, Ben Bradshaw, Juliet Bremner, Susannah Simons, Pallab Ghosh and Martha Kearney.

</doc>
<doc id="2912734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912734" title="Born (comics)">
Born (comics)

Born is a four-issue comic book limited series featuring the Marvel Comics character Frank Castle a.k.a. the Punisher. The series was released in 2003 written by Garth Ennis and penciled by Darick Robertson.
Synopsis.
"Born" documents Frank Castle's time serving in Vietnam as a Captain in the United States Marine Corps during his final tour in Vietnam in 1971. The story is told primarily through the eyes of Stevie Goodwin, a Marine counting down the days of his service and Frank Castle, a tough Captain with a finely honed killer instinct and survival skills. The story chronicles a crucial 4-day period of the platoon stationed at Firebase Valley Forge, a remote strategic outpost on the South Vietnamese-Cambodian border.
Valley Forge is an outpost on its last legs; half of its Marines are addicted to heroin and its commanding officer is an alcoholic. Goodwin simply wishes to return home safely, and realizes that sticking close to Castle is his best option. Castle, despite being home in the jungle, maintains an internal dialogue with a voice that continually goads Castle into justifying his endless thirst for combat. Castle receives news that Valley Forge will be abandoned, amidst increasing opposition to the War on the home front. Castle is displayed as exceptionally ruthless; first he tricks a visiting General into wandering into sniper fire for threatening to close down the base, then he drowns a member of his platoon who raped a female Vietcong sniper. Castle himself killed the sniper while she was being raped. Another character grimly reflects that his action was the only way she could have been "helped", as she would have never survived captivity.
Despite the news, Castle continues leading a squad on routine patrols, though his men are thinned by sporadic ambushes by the Vietcong. By the fourth day, the attrition has left the outpost severely undermanned and outgunned. When night falls, bringing a hellish downpour, the Viet Cong and elements of the North Vietnamese Army attack the fortification, using the rain to shield themselves from air cover. 
One by one, Castle's unit drops, and he finds himself surrounded and running out of ammunition. The voice in his head becomes louder and louder until it can be heard over the scream of the storm and roar of the gunshots. It offers Castle the strength and stamina needed to survive, to maintain an eternal state of vigilance, and to wage the permanent war - at a price. Castle finally gives in.
By the next morning, the air support has returned with an EVAC helicopter to the destroyed encampment, but are horrified to find Castle standing in a field of mutilated and broken VC bodies. He suffered severe physical trauma and is bleeding from several gunshot wounds, but remains unaffected.
In the next scene, Frank Castle returns home, a decorated officer on a crutch, to his waiting wife, Maria and children. In the midst of the smiling return, the internal voice speaks again of the price of Castle's choice. We find now exactly what Castle's eternal war will cost him, as a picture details Castle's family in a targeting reticule reminiscent of the Punisher's skull icon. The voice goes on to say that it and Castle are in the same business though it has been at if for much longer and that Castle will keep it busy which implies that the voice could be the Devil or Death itself. Horrified, Castle embraces his smiling wife and eager children.

</doc>
<doc id="2912735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912735" title="Babeș-Bolyai University">
Babeș-Bolyai University

The Babeș-Bolyai University (, ), in Cluj-Napoca, is a public university in Romania. With more than 39,000 students, it is the largest university in the country. The Babeș-Bolyai University offers study programmes in Romanian, Hungarian, German, English, and French. The university was named after prominent scientists from Transylvania: the Romanian bacteriologist Victor Babeș and the Hungarian mathematician János Bolyai.
In the 2012 QS World University Rankings, it was included in Top 700 universities of the world. Another three Romanian universities have entered the prestigious top.
Historical landmarks.
The main campus is located in the city of Cluj-Napoca, with the university buildings spread across the city. The university has several student housing areas, most notable being "Haşdeu" with more than 20 dormitories buildings. The Lucian Blaga University Library is located in the city centre. The university also has several colleges located in 18 cities spread across Transylvania.
A. 1579 - 1872 - Preliminaries 
December 20, 1579 - the Jesuit (Catholic) school in Cluj-Mănăştur was inaugurated.
May 18, 1580 - Stephan Báthory, as king of Poland and prince of Transylvania, issued the first document of the establishment of the Jesuit College, meant to have its head office in Cluj - on Lupului street (known today as Kogălniceanu street) - in an old monastery belonging to the Franciscan monks.
May 12, 1581 - Stephan Báthory issued at Vilna (today known as Vilnius, in Lithuania) the act of the establishment of the Jesuit College in Cluj as an institution equivalent to the renowned European universities of that era; the Jesuit College was due to grant titles of baccalaureus , magister and doctor. To ensure the financial substructure of the College, Stephan Báthory donated the institution important land estates. The first rector of the College was the Jesuit Polish, Jacobus Wujek (Vangrovitius). The language of teaching and learning was Latin. 
1583 - Alongside the Jesuit College begins to function the Catholic seminar (Seminarium Pontificium ac Regium ). The Jesuit diplomat Antonio Possevino was the one who organized the Catholic seminar, both from an educational point of view and an administrative one - he is considered to be the "spiritual father" of the Babeş-Bolyai University. 
June 9, 1603 - The uprising of the Unitarians from Cluj against the Jesuits. The buildings of the College and the Seminar have been demolished and the Jesuits have been chased away. The educational activity has been interrupted.
The autumn of 1603 - The Jesuits have returned to Cluj and resumed their educational activity. The new rector of the College was the Jesuit Giovanni Argenti.
October 1606 - The Jesuit order was banished from Transylvania.
1617 - As a result of the balanced confessional policy of the ruler Gabriel Bethlen, the Jesuits could return to Transylvania and reestablish their school in Alba Iulia.
1618 - The Jesuits returned to Cluj-Mănăştur where, in the following decades, they carried out a medium level educational activity. This Jesuit Gymnasium represented the continuity between the Jesuit College dissolved in 1605 and the Jesuit Academy founded in 1698. 
1660 - The Jesuit Gymnasium in Cluj-Mănăştur has been moved in the city Cluj.
September 1693 - The Diet of Transylvania donated to the Jesuits the old church and the Dominican monastery from the Old Fortress. The number of young people who have studied at the Jesuit Gymnasium increased to about 200.
November 1698 - The educational Jesuit activity continued in the Academic Jesuit College (Collegium Claudiopolitanum or otherwise Academia Claudiopolitana). Cluj Academy was seen as heiress of the Jesuit College. The Jesuit Seminary was reestablished in 1698.
August 22, 1701 - Leopold the First, Emperor of the Holy Roman-German Empire and king of Hungary, confirmed the privilege given in 1581 to Stephan Báthory, by which the Jesuit College was established in Cluj and offered it substantial financing. The teaching languages at the Collegium Claudiopolitanum were Latin and German (starting with 1751).
In the first half of the eighteenth century - at the western end of Lupului Street (known today as Kogălniceanu Street) the Jesuit Order started the construction of a group of representative buildings: the church council, the school itself, the church, the students’ house, the aristocratic dormitory and the new group of buildings of the Romanian Academy, with an observatory.
1753 - The Empress Maria Theresa raised the rank of Collegium Claudiopolitanum to Academic College. This institution provided "an middle-level education, with some academic disciplines".
1773 - Pope Clement XIV dissolved the Jesuit Order. The activity of the Jesuits ended in Cluj as well, in October 1773. 
October 1774 - In addition to the philosophy and theology faculties, the Empress Maria Theresa ordered setting up the law school.
January 1775 - Maria Theresa ordered setting up the Faculty of Medicine. The Academic College of Cluj was on the way to become a university with four faculties.
1776 - The Academic College of Cluj moved under the leadership of another Catholic order, the Piarist Order, which took over a higher education institution, with four universities: Faculty of Philosophy, Law School, Faculty of Medicine and Faculty of Theology.
1778 - The Faculty of Theology moved to Alba Iulia, from where it still operates today.
1784 - The Academic College of Cluj lost its university rank and became Royal Academic High School (Lyceum Regium Academicum), with three faculties: Philosophy, Law and Medicine.
1817-1821 - A new building of the Royal Academic High School was built. Nowadays, this is the building of the Theoretical High School Stephan Báthory.
1800-1872 - In Cluj there have worked more educational institutions: Royal Academic High School (the Piarist High School); the Reformed College; the Unitarian Gymnasium; starting from 1863 the Law Academy. Many of the future teachers of the university have initially taught in these educational institutions.
B. 1872-1919 - The Hungarian University of Kolozsvár (Cluj) (“Ferenc József” University)
September – October, 1872
According to law no. XIX, passed by the Hungarian Parliament on September 17th and sanctioned by the emperor Franz Iosif on October 12th, the University of Cluj was founded (with Hungarian as the language of instruction). Four distinct faculties were created: the Faculty of Law and State, the Faculty of Medicine, the Faculty of Philosophy, Letters and History, the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences. The faculties were equal to each other and had internal autonomy. The first rector was professor Áron Berde of the Faculty of Law, specialist in economics and finance. Besides the four faculties, a Pedagogical Institute meant to train secondary school teachers was founded.
November 10 - 11, 1872
The university authorities were invested and the courses started. 258 students enrolled at the University of Cluj in the first semester.
January 4, 1881
The emperor Franz Iosif issued the official document founding of the University of Cluj and accepted that this institution bear his name.
1893-1902
With an area of 4,226 square metres, the central building of the University of Cluj was built by Károly Reményik according to architect Károly Meixner's plans.
1906-1909
The Central University Library edifice in Cluj was built. (The library had been active since 1872, when it was established together with the University).
1872-1919
Over 40,000 students attended the courses of the University of Cluj, out of which 2635 were Romanian. Among the Romanian personalities who have been present at the Franz Iosif University of Cluj, we should mention: Iuliu Maniu (Law), Iuliu Haţieganu (Medicine), George Coşbuc (Philosophy), Vasile Meruţiu (Natural Sciences).
C. 1919-1945 - Romanian University of Cluj (“King Ferdinand I” University)
September 12, 1919
According to the Royal Decree no. 4090, signed by King Ferdinand I of Romania, it was decided that “On 1 October 1919, the Hungarian University of Cluj turn into a Romanian University.” The new institution was made up of four faculties: Law, Medicine, Sciences, Letters and Philosophy. In the first semester the university had 1871 students and in the second half – 2182 students. One of the most important studies regarding the possibility of reorganizing the University of Cluj was developed by Vasile Pârvan (archaeologist and historian) and was called “The National University of Dacia Superior – Opinions forwarded to the Great National Assembly of Romanians in Ardeal, Banat and Hungary”.
November 3, 1919
Vasile Pârvan held the inaugural lecture “The duty of our lives”, the first lecture in Romanian given at the new University.
1919-1940
Among the top professors of the University of Cluj we should name the scientists Emil Racoviţă (director of the Institute of Speleology), Alexandru Borza (director of the Botanical Garden), Petre Sergescu (mathematician and science historian), Ioan Lupaş and Silviu Dragomir (historians), Florian Ştefănescu Goangă (psychologist), George Spacu (chemist), Lucian Blaga (philosopher and writer), Victor Papilian (doctor of medicine).
1927
The University of Cluj officially adopted the name of King Ferdinand I. Between 1927 and 1948, the University of Cluj was called “King Ferdinand I” University.
June, 1937
The building of the Academic College in Cluj was inaugurated in the presence of King Carol II of Romania.
August-September, 1940
Following the Vienna Arbitration, the Romanian University of Cluj took refuge in Timișoara (Faculty of Sciences) and Sibiu (Faculty of Letters, Law and Medicine).
1940-1945
During the Second World War, “King Ferdinand I” University operated without interruption in Sibiu and Timișoara. In Cluj, the Hungarian authorities reopened the “Franz Iosif” University, with Hungarian as the language of instruction.
May-June, 1945
“King Ferdinand I” University returned to Cluj, taking over the reins.
D. Parallel Universities
May 28, 1945
By the Royal Decree No. 407, “on 1st of June 1945, a state university was established in Cluj, having Hungarian as the language of instruction, comprising the following faculties: Letters and Philosophy, Law and Political Economics, Sciences, Human Medicine.” The new institution bore the name of “Bolyai” University.
1945-1959
The Romanian University of Cluj underwent a profound process of institutional and human resource transformation, as a consequence of the policies adopted by the communists. Many professors were purged and new faculties and departments were set up by reorganising the old ones.
January, 1948
“King Ferdinand I” University changed its name into “Victor Babeş” University.
E. „Babeş-Bolyai” University
March-July, 1959
The unification of the Romanian University of Cluj and the Hungarian University took place. The new institution was called “Babeș-Bolyai” and at the time of its creation, it had six faculties: Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Faculty of Chemistry, Faculty of Natural Sciences and Geography, Faculty of Philology, Faculty of Law, Faculty of History and Philosophy. The first rector of Babeș-Bolyai University was professor Constantin Daicoviciu (archaeologist).
1970–1971
Babeș-Bolyai University had the biggest number of students (14438) and teaching staff (841) in Romania, during the communist regime.
May, 1992
Babeș-Bolyai University’s first Charter was established, a first in the Romanian academic community.
1995
Babeș-Bolyai University rethought its structure by introducing an educational system based on multiculturalism. The three major lines of study, based on linguistic criteria, were created: the Romanian line of study, the Hungarian line of study, the German line of study.
2011 – 2012
Babeș-Bolyai University is considered to be an "advanced research and education university" by the Ministry of Education in Romania.
Academics.
Babeș-Bolyai University has about 40,000 students (out of which 700 are international students, and 4,600 students are enrolled in part-time and distance learning programmes). The structure of the student body is composed out of over 2,500 Ph.D. students, 8,500 master's degree students, and 28,500 undergraduates. The university has 21 faculties and over 1,500 faculty members. It offers bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D. degrees, along with advanced postgraduate studies. 
The university is in an ethnically diverse area; this is very well illustrated in its structure: there are 326 study programmes in Romanian (160 bachelor's studies and 166 master's studies); 109 study programmes in Hungarian (77 bachelor's studies and 32 master's studies); 40 study programmes in English (11 bachelor's studies and 29 master's studies); 20 study programmes in German (14 bachelor's studies and 6 master's studies); 9 study programmes in French (3 bachelor's studies and 6 master's studies).
The Faculty of Roman Catholic Theology and the Faculty of Protestant Theology provide courses only in Hungarian. Graduate schools offer the same multilingual structure. The Hungarian and German minorities are also proportionately represented in the Professors' Council and the University Senate.
Here is the list of the faculties, along with the languages in which their courses are taught: 
Ranking.
Nationally, the Babes-Bolyai University was ranked, as concerning research, as the first in Romania (2002–2011), based on article influence score (Web of Science), by Ad-Astra Association of Romanian Scientists followed by Bucharest University. In a 2009 ranking regarding the impact of universities on professional market (i.e., credibility and attractiveness), the University was ranked number 1 in Romania in 2009 by the German company Kienbaum Management Consultants and Capital magazine., with the University of Bucharest the second.
Internationally, in the 2011 URAP international ranking, the University was ranked first in Romania based on top academic indicators, again followed by Bucharest University [http://www.urapcenter.org/2011/country.php?ccode=RO]. Babes-Bolyai is also in the top QS World University Rankings (known from The Times Higher Education Supplement); the University was placed in 2012 on the position 601+, being thus among best 700 universities of the world.
The Hungarian section.
The Hungarian section enrolls nearly 7200 students in 67 BA programmes; the university is thus the principal institution that educates members of the Hungarian minority in Transylvania. However, the establishment of additional Hungarian faculties has been impeded several times, albeit asked by more than 80% of the Hungarian professors. Most recently, on 22 February 2006, the University Senate neglected the demand of 149 Hungarian professors. Moreover, Hungarian cannot be used as a language of formal communication within the university.
The Hungarian section of the university has a partial autonomy, gradually increasing in the recent years. However, in the opinion of the Council of the Hungarian section, those members appointed by the Hungarian-speaking teaching staff desire a more institutionalized form of autonomy. Since university decision-making is based on majority vote of the entire faculty, the Hungarian representatives in minority can always be silenced by this procedure. 
The Hungarian language is used in academical communication, as a teaching language, and in public relations, tutorials, and in some written posters and communications. The legends, inscriptions, and classroom labels are only in Romanian, so the image and the feeling is not of a truly multilingual university. 
In November 2006, Dr. Péter Hantz and Dr. Lehel Kovács, lecturers at the Babeș-Bolyai University, were discharged by the university after a series of actions started in October 2005 taken for language equality. They were campaigning for the re-organization of the Bolyai University by splitting it in two independent institutions.
On 22 November 2006, the university organized an exhibition in the European Parliament, where they tried to give the impression that there are multilingual signs at the university. That day, Dr. Hantz added signs like "Information" and "No smoking" in Hungarian alongside those ones in Romanian. The two acted upon a decree permitting the use of multilingual signs, which had been decreed by the university but never put in practice, and official claims that the university is a multicultural institution with three working languages (Romanian, German and Hungarian). On 27 November 2006, the Senate voted for exclusion of the two lecturers, with 72 for and 9 against (from 2 Romanian and 7 Hungarian members) votes. The Hungarian academic community is convinced that the exclusion was not a disciplinary action, but the vote was not ethnic based. In spite of protests, the resignation out of solidarity by several Hungarian-speaking university staff, and a call by 24 Hungarian Member of the European Parliament for the reinstatement of the lecturers, they remained unemployed. The parties in the Hungarian Parliament asked the university to reinstate the two professors and respect the rights of the Hungarian minority. The presidents of the five parties represented in the Hungarian Parliament signed a statement of protest. Istvan Hiller, education minister of Hungary, wrote to his Romanian counterpart Mihail Hărdău, asking for his help on the issue. The case has also been put forward in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. Göran Lindblad, from the Swedish European People’s Party, along with 24 signatories from 19 European countries, presented a motion for a resolution on the alleged breaching of the 1994 Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities by the Romanian Government.

</doc>
<doc id="2912737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912737" title="One King Street West">
One King Street West

One King Street West or 1 King West is a condo hotel in the heart of the financial district in Toronto. Completed in 2006, a tower was added onto the heritage Dominion Bank Building (1914), itself an early 12-storey skyscraper. The Dominion Bank Building was designed by Darling and Pearson in the Beaux-Arts style with Renaissance Revival detailing. The condo tower stands at 51 storeys or 176 metres. Stanford Downey Architect Inc. were the architects involved in the renovation. 
The building offers 500 suites, as well as a 2-storey penthouse. Rooms are either in the new tower, or in the historical building forming the base of the complex.
The building was originally a bank. The Grand Banking Hall is a magnificent example of early 20th-century classicism with ornate detailing including stately Corinthian columns and towering windows. It has been converted into a large meeting room with a bar. The historic vault in the basement can be used for private meetings or meals.
Each suite in the hotel is individually owned, but the profits are shared amongst suite owners who have placed their suites in the hotel pool. Similar projects are usually seen in resort towns. The individual owners of the units in the building financed the purchase of the common assets of the hotel and now control the company that manages the hotel operations. Recent upgrades include converting several suites to have two beds instead of just king beds so that the hotel can be more appealing to group bookings.
The investors in 1 King West were involved in a dispute over property tax assessments for their units, as rather than being taxed at residential rates (approximately 1% of market value), they are being taxed at commercial hotel rates (approximately 4%). 
This dispute has been resolved and now units are taxed at commercial rates, but are valued also as commercial properties.
On March 9, 2007 Harry Stinson, the developer and operator of this project, filed for bankruptcy protection using the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act at the Ontario Superior Court of Justice as a result of an $11.8 million dispute with David Mirvish, the financier of 1 King West.

</doc>
<doc id="2912739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912739" title="Harold Browne">
Harold Browne

Edward Harold Browne (1811 – 18 December 1891) (usually known as Harold Browne) was a Bishop of the Church of England.
Life.
He was born on 6 March 1811 at Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire.
He was the second son of Col. Robert Browne of Morton House, in Buckinghamshire, and of Sarah Dorothea Steward.
He was educated at Eton and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. 
After securing his BA in 1832, he won the Crosse theological scholarship in 1833, the Tyrwhitt Hebrew scholarship in 1834, and the Norrisian prize in 1835. He graduated with his M.A. in 1836, was elected fellow of Emmanuel in 1837, and appointed senior tutor in 1838. In 1854 he was elected Norrisian Professor of Divinity at Cambridge. He took the BD in 1855 and the DD in 1864.
He was ordained deacon in 1837 and priest in the following year. 
In 1841, he accepted a curacy in Exeter (St Sidwell's), but in 1843 moved to Wales as Vice-Principal of St. David's College. 
In 1849, he took a benefice in Cornwall, to which was attached a prebendal stall in Exeter Cathedral, which he exchanged in 1857 for a canonry in the same and the living of Heavitree. 
In 1854, he was appointed to the Norrisian chair of divinity at the University of Cambridge but held his livings in the diocese of Exeter concurrently. (The Cornish benefice was the vicarage of Kenwyn and Kea.) On 29 March 1864 he was consecrated Bishop of Ely, and in December 1873, he was translated to the see of Winchester, which he resigned in 1890.
He died at Shales near Bitterne on 18 December 1891.
The Bishop was a High Churchman and in 1885, Browne set up the first diocesan organisation of the Mothers' Union, which had previously been a simple parish meeting chaired by Mary Sumner in Old Alresford. 
He was a moderating influence in the conflict arising from "Essays and Reviews" and the Pentateuch criticism of J. W. Colenso. His "Exposition of the Thirty-Nine Articles" (2 vols.) 1850, 1853 held its place as a standard work for many years.
Family.
In 1840, he married Elizabeth Carlyon (daughter of Philip Carlyon).

</doc>
<doc id="2912749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912749" title="Château Champlain">
Château Champlain

The Château Champlain (now officially known as the Marriott Château Champlain) is a hotel in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, overlooking Place du Canada, at 1050 De la Gauchetière Street West. Once owned by CP Hotels (now Fairmont Hotels and Resorts) and sold in the 1990s, it is now part of the Marriott hotel chain.
Architecture.
Completed in 1967, in time for Expo 67, the Château Champlain stands high with 40 floors. It was designed by Quebec architects Roger D'Astous and Jean-Paul Pothier. The arch-shaped windows were intended by the designers as a visual reference to the Romanesque Revival arches of nearby Windsor Station, another Canadian Pacific property. D'Astous was a student of Frank Lloyd Wright, and the Château Champlain's arches have also been cited as similar to those used on Wright's last commission, the Marin County Civic Center. However, the arched openings have led some to nickname the building the "cheese grater." It is Montreal's tallest hotel, at 139 m in height, or 40 storeys.
Amenities.
The Château Champlain has 592 guest rooms and 19 suites along with a health and fitness centre with cardiovascular and weight lifting equipment, indoor pool, hot tub and steam rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="2912758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912758" title="Michael Schorr">
Michael Schorr

Michael Schorr is the former drummer of Death Cab for Cutie with whom he recorded "The Photo Album" and two of their EPs "The Forbidden Love E.P." and "The Stability E.P.". He has also played for The Long Winters. Speaking of Schorr in 2003, Benjamin Gibbard notes that the Death Cab for Cutie "parted ways with our last drummer Schorr because… let’s just call them creative differences. It was nothing sinister, evil or violent."
Schorr is currently working in the field of video game level design.

</doc>
<doc id="2912761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912761" title="Ahmed F. Mehalba">
Ahmed F. Mehalba

Ahmed Fathy Mehalba was a United States Department of Defense civilian translator/ interrogator who was accused of lying to government agents and removing classified documents from the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. 
Childhood and emigration to United States.
Born in Egypt, Mehalba emigrated to the United States and became a naturalized citizen.
Mehalba received a medical discharge from the Army in May 2001 and was later hired a San Diego defense contractor, Titan Corporation, to be an Arabic-English translator at Guantanamo Bay.
Arrest at Logan Airport.
In 2003, Mehalba was assigned as a civilian interpreter/ interrogator at Guantanamo. He was arrested on September 29, 2003, at Boston Logan Airport. Mehalba had flown into Logan through Italy from Cairo, Egypt. On a routine admission through U.S. customs, Mehalba presented a U.S. passport and a US military identification card. When asked about some computer CDs, he said that they contained "only music and videos" he had made while in Egypt. One CD was labeled "secret". Mehalba told inspectors that he did not have any official U.S. government documents. 
Charges against Mehelba.
Mehelba was one of four people accused of security breaches at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility. The others were Air Force enlisted Senior Airman Ahmad, Army Captain and Muslim Chaplain James Yee, and Army Colonel Jack Farr.
Conviction and sentence.
On January 10, 2005, Mehalba pleaded guilty to lying to governments agents and removing classified documents. On February 18, 2005, Mehalba was sentenced to 20 months in prison, with credit for 17 months, time served. He was released in March, 2005. 
External links.
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/articles/2005/03/27/fbi_slip_sends_cd_back_to_ex_translator/?page=full

</doc>
<doc id="2912777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912777" title="Sport compact">
Sport compact

A sport compact is a high-performance version of a compact car or a subcompact car. They are typically front engined, front-wheel drive or all-wheel drive coupés, sedans, or hatchbacks driven by a straight-4 gasoline engine. Performance-oriented sport compacts generally focus on improving handling and increasing performance by engine efficiency, rather than increasing engine size. Sport compacts often feature external body modifications to improve aerodynamics or house larger wheels.
Typical sport compacts include such examples as Ford Escort RS Cosworth, Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution, Mitsubishi Eclipse, Honda Civic Si, Volkswagen Golf R32, Renault Clio V6, Volkswagen Scirocco, BMW 135i, Volkswagen Golf GTI, Chevrolet Cobalt SS, Ford Focus SVT, Opel Astra GTC, Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec V, Hyundai Tiburon, Honda Prelude, Toyota Celica and Scion tC. The Toyota Celica which introduced in 1971 was the first Japanese sport compact.
Tuning.
It has become fairly popular to modify or customize a sport compact, commonly referred to as tuning. This has given rise to the term "tuner" for the owners of modified sport compacts (and other vehicle classes), and by extension, their automobiles. As with trucks and other vehicle categories, there is a large market for performance-enhancing equipment designed to fit small cars. Unfortunately, "tuning" is a term that is also symbolized by cosmetic and non-performance related vehicle modifications. It is the subject of some controversy whether to recognize a compact "tuner" car that has been modified to offer lesser vehicle performance than a "sport compact".
Cosmetic tuning may include changing the interior (such as changing the shift knob and steering wheel as an example) and exterior decoration, installation of a DVD combined with a powerful sound system, adding neon headlights and other aftermarket lighting systems to name but a few. Performance tuning can include the modification of the cars' aerodynamics adding a nitrous oxide injection system, changing wheels and tires, chip tuning installation of a Weighted Gear Knob and a short shifter, changing filters and so on.
Restoration of a Japanese import to its JDM specifications (or J-Spec) has become a fairly popular modification for many tuners in North America. It is quite common for Japanese automakers to produce or export less powerful versions of their models to the North American market. The common exception to this is the 1993-1998 Toyota Supra which received a more powerful engine for US export due to the "Gentleman's Agreement" in Japan. Such modifications usually involve swapping engines and transmissions. Popular examples include the conversion of parts from a JDM Silvia onto a USDM Nissan 240SX, or replacing JDM Honda parts and equipment (such as from a Civic Type-R) onto a United States domestic market USDM Honda Civic. Most Hondas are particularly good examples of this because of the cost saving "parts bin" designing used at Honda. To save production costs many high-end production equipment use the same or similar mounting locations as a cheaper or lower-performance alternative. These modifications can also be cosmetic, such as the replacement of the front fascia or rear spoiler with its JDM counterpart.
Motorsport.
Small cars with high power ratings can be formidable racing vehicles. The Sports Car Club of America has long hosted races for compact cars. More recently, sport compacts have become so popular that the Australian National Drag Racing Association (ANDRA) (www.andra.com.au) now have special classes for sport compact racing, and the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) has made sport compact cars eligible to compete in the Lucas Oil Sportsman Series, and Sport Compact "Pro RWD" type cars are used in the NHRA Pro Stock category as the Chevrolet Cobalt is used as the manufacturer's car in the class. All these classes are officially sanctioned by ANDRA and are recognised through a series of successful events and National Records.
Some highly modified sport compact dragsters can accelerate from 0-60 mph in less than four seconds.
Sport compacts are fairly popular for autocross competitions. The Acura Integra, Toyota Celica, and MINI Cooper are some of the more successful sport compacts within their classes.
It is also worth noting that sport compact cars have been the backbone of the latest motorsport discipline to emerge - drifting - since its beginnings.
The former NASCAR Goody's DASH Series found new life in 2005 when acquisitioned by International Sport Compact Auto Racing Series (ISCARS) DASH Touring, which tours primarily on asphalt ovals throughout the southeast. In 2008 the series accepted the sanction of American Speed Association (ASA). The TC 2000 Championship is one of the touring car racing series which involves sport compacts.
Market trends.
Sport compacts remain one of the largest segments of the performance car market in Europe and Japan, and is seeing a resurgence in North America after declining sales in the 1990s.
Japanese manufacturers such as Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Nissan and Subaru have continued to release new generations of modestly priced sport compacts, such as the Honda Civic Si, Mazdaspeed3, and the Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec V. General Motors and other American companies has responded with the Saturn Ion Red Line, the Pontiac G5 GT, and the Chevrolet Cobalt SS. Dodge also offers the Caliber SRT-4, high-performance versions of their respective models.
European manufacturers have long offered multiple high-performance compacts in Europe and many of these are imported to North America. These are called hot hatches or warm hatches depending on engine power as they are available as hatchbacks. They include the VW Golf GTI (which was first announced in 1975), Volkswagen R32 and Mini Cooper.
Econosport.
Econosport is a rarely used term for a sport version of a small economy car.

</doc>
<doc id="2912783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912783" title="Jesuati">
Jesuati

The Jesuati (Jesuates) were a religious order founded by Giovanni Colombini of Siena in 1360. The order was initially called "Clerici apostolici Sancti Hieronymi" (Apostolic Clerics of Saint Jerome) because of a special veneration for St. Jerome and the apostolic life the founders led. Colombini had been a prosperous merchant and a senator in his native city, but, coming under ecstatic religious influences, abandoned secular affairs and his wife and daughter (after making provision for them), and with a friend of like temperament, Francesco Miani, gave himself to a life of apostolic poverty, penitential discipline, hospital service and public preaching.
The name Jesuati was given to Colombini and his disciples from the habit of calling loudly on the name of Jesus at the beginning and end of their ecstatic sermons. The senate banished Colombini from Siena for imparting foolish ideas to the young men of the city, and he continued his mission in Arezzo and other places, only to be honourably recalled home on the outbreak of the bubonic plague. Howard Eves writes that the order was then "dedicated to nursing and burying the victims of the rampant bubonic plague."
He went out to meet Urban V on his return from Avignon to Rome in 1367, and craved his sanction for the new order and a distinctive habit. Before this was granted Colombini had to clear the movement of a suspicion that it was connected with the heretical sect of Fraticelli, and he died on July 31, 1367, soon after the papal approval had been given. The guidance of the new order, whose members (all lay brothers) gave themselves entirely to works of mercy, devolved upon Miani.
Their rule of life, originally a compound of Benedictine and Franciscan elements, was later modified on Augustinian lines, but traces of the early penitential idea persisted, e.g. the wearing of sandals and a daily flagellation. Paul V in 1606 arranged for a small proportion of clerical members, and later in the 17th century the Jesuati became so secularized that the members were known as the Aquavitae Fathers. Eves writes, "certain abuses, apparently involving the manufacture and sale of distilled liquors in a manner not sanctioned by Canon Law, crept in. This, along with a difficulty in maintaining a reasonable membership quota, led to the order's abolishment by Pope Clement IX in 1668."
Mathematician Bonaventura Cavalieri was a member from the age of fifteen until his death. Also the poet Bianco da Siena was a member of the Jesuati. 
The female branch of the order, the Jesuati sisters, founded by Caterina Colombini (d. 1387) in Siena, and thence widely dispersed, more consistently maintained the primitive strictness of the society and survived the male branch by 200 years, existing until 1872 in small communities in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="2912785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912785" title="KHMX">
KHMX

KHMX (96.5 FM, "Mix 96-5"), is an Adult Top 40 (Hot AC) music formatted radio station in Houston, Texas, United States. Its transmitter is located in nearby Missouri City, Texas, and the studios are in Greenway Plaza. The station was acquired by CBS Radio from Clear Channel Communications on April 1, 2009.
Station history.
KXYZ-FM first signed on February 1, 1948. It would stay on the air for 5 1/2 years before being silent for about eight years. As typical of FM radio stations in the mid-20th century, the FM station usually was a simulcast of its AM parent. During the 1960s, it simulcasted its AM parent KXYZ, which played beautiful music. In the late 1960s, the format changed to automated progressive rock, branded as "Love 96 1/2 FM". "Love" was formulated by then-owner ABC Radio, and was syndicated to other sister stations around the country, including WABC-FM in New York, KABC-FM in Los Angeles, WLS-FM in Chicago, KGO-FM in San Francisco, WXYZ-FM in Detroit and WDVE in Pittsburgh, with the calls changing to KAUM around 1970.[http://vasthead.com/Radio/top_40_rock.html] When the "Love" format ceased in 1971, KXYZ-FM continued in the progressive rock format, but with a local focus, and changed monikers to "KAUM 96 1/2". In the late 1970s, KAUM had drifted to a more generic Top 40 format to compete against KRBE and the long established AM top 40 leader, KILT (AM).
From 1980 through late 1986, the station operated as ""KSRR"", first as "Star 97", and then ""97 Rock"" with an album rock format, with the slogan "Kick Ass Rock 'n' Roll", and a logo similar to WABB in Mobile. The new station featured morning radio host and KEGL alum James Paul "Moby" Carney and Matthew, with Hannah Storm as the sports announcer. The station competed against the album rock format of KLOL (and for a short period, KILT-FM, and KZFX).
On October 15, 1986, the station changed call letters to KKHT, and the album rock format was replaced by a CHR format known as ""Hit 96.5 KKHT"". By mid-1987, heavy competition from top 40 powerhouses KKBQ and KRBE prompted the station to morph to adult contemporary. The station rebranded as "96.5 KKHT".
On September 1, 1989, the Friday before Labor Day weekend, the station flipped to the then-new Rhythmic CHR format, with a focus on dance-oriented music, branded as "Energy 96.5". The station adopted the new KNRJ call letters on September 4. This format was a competitive response to two other local stations, "93Q" KKBQ and "Power 104" KRBE, whose Top 40 formats reflected the increasing presence of dance club-oriented tracks (catering to a then-lucrative target audience drawn to the flourishing night club scenes along Richmond Avenue and inner Westheimer Road). These competitors featured late-night, weekend live-to-air broadcasts from local dance clubs (e.g., Club 6400, The Ocean Club), where in-house DJs drew heavily from libraries of imported and small-label, extended-length modern tracks (which otherwise were seldom, if ever, heard on most commercial stations); by early 1990, KNRJ had partnered with the Tower Theater's "Decadance" to host its own weekend, late-night live broadcast. The station was initially owned by Emmis Broadcasting before being sold to Nationwide Communications in mid-1990. The station's ratings during this time were low. In the station's latter months, KNRJ began adding more new wave tracks to improve ratings.
On June 15, 1990, at 7:15 AM, after playing "Please Don't Go Girl" by New Kids on the Block, and a bit featuring DJ Jeff Scott announcing his discontent for the format, KNRJ flipped to an alternative rock format, which started with "I Eat Cannibals" by Toto Coelo and a "Top 100 Best Alternative Songs of All Time" countdown. The "Alternative 96.5" re-brand was a transitional format, lasting roughly 5 weeks, and was promoted while a forthcoming format—under a strategic decision by the station's new owners, Nationwide Communications, Inc.—was under preparation. A weekly playlist, under an "Alternative 96.5" makeshift letterhead, was distributed to local retail and media outlets, culminating on July 17, 1990.
Transition to KHMX-FM.
At 7 AM on July 18, 1990, KNRJ began stunting with a 48-hour ticking clock countdown sequence; a heavily processed, pre-recorded masculine studio voice announced the time remaining at 15-minute intervals. For the final 12 hours of this transitional sequence, a series of disjointed song samples (largely unrelated to KNRJ's format) were interspersed—notably the repeated playback (forward and backward) for the opening eight seconds of the Dazz Band's "Let It Whip".
At 7 AM on July 20, the countdown concluded, and a "roll call" by a fictitious "teacher" called out the names of program directors from other Houston radio stations. This "teacher" asked the class to start their tape recorders and take notes as this "lecture" was to begin, which led to the debut of "Mix 96.5" and new call letters KHMX-FM. The first two songs on "Mix" were Steve Winwood's "Roll With It" and Taylor Dayne's "I'll Be Your Shelter". Both tracks confirmed the sharp departure from preceding station formats.
The "Mix" format.
For Nationwide Communications, GM Clancy Woods & National PD Guy Zapoleon launched a new Hot AC format (branded as the "Mix" format), and was the first Pop/Rock Hot AC and a forerunner of most Hot ACs today. The Mix brand tagline, "More Music, More Variety, A Better Mix", was commercially successful, and the formula for the Mix format was replicated through the 1990s and early 2000s in several other radio markets across North America and in cities as far away as Sydney, Australia by KHMX consultant Alan Burns. Around the same time, research guru John Parikhal, who also worked with KHMX, was helping PD Greg Strassell of Steve Dodge's American Radio Systems in Boston launch another Mix station known as "Mix 98.5", WBMX-FM. This station was more of a Rhythmic AC and an early example of today's MOViN format. The first true Mix station, which was more of a Pop Adult Top 40, was launched a few months earlier in the Summer of 1989 at WOMX/Orlando by Nationwide Communications GM Rick Weinkoff and PD Brian Thomas, with help from Guy Zapoleon. 
KHMX was broadcast nationwide on XM Satellite Radio from 2001 to the end of 2003, as a radio superstation similar to television satellite superstations such as Superstation WGN. In 2004, all XM music channels went commercial free, and KHMX was replaced with a unique-to-XM Mix channel, retaining the same format. Since then, Clear Channel has regained the right to air commercials on their XM music channels.
Since the sale of the station to CBS Radio in 2009, KHMX has tweaked its sound to include more Top 40/CHR currents, thus resulting in its sister station, Top 40/CHR KKHH, to shift towards a Rhythmic Top 40 direction and at the same time not cannibalize each other by playing the same music.
HD radio.
KHMX signed on HD Radio operations in 2006. 96.5 HD2 first carried a dance format, known as "Energy 96.5", which was both a format and moniker KHMX used prior to becoming "Mix" in 1990. After the sale of the station to CBS in April 2009, 96.5 HD2 and KKHH (95.7) HD2 swapped formats, with KHMX-HD2 becoming smooth jazz "The Wave", while KKHH-HD2 would take on the dance format and "Energy 95.7" moniker.

</doc>
<doc id="2912786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912786" title="Polycrates of Ephesus">
Polycrates of Ephesus

Polycrates of Ephesus (; ; fl. c. 130 – 196) was an Early Christian bishop who resided in Ephesus.
Roberts and Donaldson noted that Polycrates "belonged to a family in which he was the eighth Christian bishop; and he presided over the church of Ephesus, in which the traditions of St. John were yet fresh in men's minds at the date of his birth. He had doubtless known Polycarp, and Irenaeus also. He seems to have presided over a synod of Asiatic bishops (A.D. 196) which came together to consider this matter of the Paschal feast. It is surely noteworthy that nobody doubted that it was kept by a Christian and Apostolic ordinance."
Polycrates is best known for his letter addressed to the Roman Bishop Victor who was attempting to find a consensus about the proper date to celebrate Easter, see also Quartodecimanism.
The Church historian Eusebius wrote,
Here is what Eusebius records that Polycrates wrote,
Pope Victor attempted to cut off from the common unity Polycrates and others for taking this stance, but later reversed his decision after Irenaeus and others interceded. It is unclear what happened to Polycrates after his letter.
Polycrates' letter has been used as proof against the argument that the Churches in Asia Minor accepted the authority of the bishops at Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="2912789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912789" title="Yisa Sofoluwe">
Yisa Sofoluwe

Yisa Sofoluwe (born December 28, 1967) is a former Nigerian football Defender. He won 40 caps and scored 1 goal for his country, and was their regular left back between 1983 and 1988, playing at the 1984 and 1988 African Nations Cups. He was nicknamed the "Minister of Defence" for his timely tackles and strong defensive performances. After the 1988 season, he left his club Abiola Babes to play in Belgium, where he fell into oblivion.

</doc>
<doc id="2912790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912790" title="Nicolae (novel)">
Nicolae (novel)

Nicolae: The Rise of Antichrist is the third book in the Left Behind series. It was written by Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins in 1997 and was published on Wednesday, October 1 of that year. It takes place 18–21 months into the Tribulation.
Plot.
The members of the Tribulation Force have discovered that their pastor, Bruce Barnes, has been killed during the bombing of a hospital in World War III. Rayford Steele is quickly called to meet Global Community Supreme Potentate and Antichrist Nicolae Carpathia in Dallas, Texas to fly him to New Babylon, Iraq. Meanwhile, Cameron "Buck" Williams and Chloe Steele go to New Hope Village Church to inform Loretta about Bruce. Chloe is in downtown Chicago, Illinois when it is bombed by the Global Community. Buck is eventually able to rescue her after she crashed her Range Rover into a tree. Rayford hears about this and sends Amanda White back to Chicago to help them and to keep her safe because Nicolae was dropping bombs on major cities and he says to her, "If your flight doesn't leave before mine, board my flight", because Ray is piloting the flight that Nicolae is on. On the flight back to New Babylon, Rayford learns much about Nicolae's secret plans through a secret intercom device installed by his former boss at Pan-Continental Airlines, Earl Halliday. Rayford eventually arrives back in New Babylon.
Having heard from his friend Chaim Rosenzweig about Tsion Ben-Judah's loss of his wife and children to murder, Buck goes to Israel with charter pilot Ken Ritz. He is led by the two witnesses, Eli and Moishe in Jerusalem, to a boat near the Sea of Galilee. After proving that he is who he says he is, Buck is taken to the shelter where Tsion is hiding for his protection. Tsion has been accused of murdering his family, although he did not do so. Buck and Tsion are given a worn-out bus to drive to Egypt to meet Ritz for the escape to the United States. They meet many obstacles along the way, but are supernaturally protected and arrive in Chicago safely. During this time, Rayford meets with his friend Hattie Durham, and tries to discourage her from having an abortion of her baby that she conceived with Carpathia.
Because both Buck and Tsion are international fugitives, Rayford flies back to Chicago for the funeral service for Bruce. The service mainly consists of an evangelical message and predictions of what is to come, all outlined by Rayford himself. Rayford then returns to New Babylon to be joined by his wife later.
The stateside Tribulation Force meets Hattie Durham on her journey to see her relatives. After this, Amanda flies to New Babylon to join Rayford. Buck is driving to see Tsion at the hideout where he is when the worldwide earthquake predicted at the funeral begins. The sun goes dark, the moon turns blood-red, and meteors fall from the sky. A quarter of the world's population dies. Buck finds Tsion alive but trapped in the shelter. Condor 216 first officer Mac McCullum flies Carpathia and Rayford to Baghdad International Airport just as Global Community headquarters collapses. As the book ends, only Buck, Tsion, and Rayford are accounted for and safe among the Trib Force. Loretta is confirmed dead. Chloe and Amanda are missing.

</doc>
<doc id="2912824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912824" title="List of Olympic medalists in gymnastics (women)">
List of Olympic medalists in gymnastics (women)

This is the complete list of women's Olympic medalists in gymnastics.
Artistic gymnastics.
Current Program.
All-Around, Team.
Note: The Chinese team of 2000 was stripped of its bronze medal. The International Gymnastics Federation recommended to the IOC that the medals be stripped, and awarded to the United States team, as Dong Fangxiao was underage (<16) at the time. The IOC upheld the FIG decision in April 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2912834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912834" title="Chacabuco Province">
Chacabuco Province

Chacabuco Province () is one of six provinces of the Santiago Metropolitan Region in central Chile. It is located north of the Province of Santiago, which is entirely urbanized and part of the Santiago conurbation. The provincial capital, Colina, lies approximately north of Santiago.
Administration.
As a province, Chacabuco is a second-level administrative division of Chile, governed by a provincial governor who is appointed by the president. On March 17, 2010, Angélica del Carmen Antimán Palma took office as provincial governor.
Communes.
The province is composed of three communes (Spanish: "comunas"), each governed by a municipality consisting of an alcalde and municipal council:
Geography and demography.
The province spans an area of , the third largest in the Santiago Metropolitan Region. According to the 2002 census, Chacabuco was the least populous province in the region with a total population of 132,798. At that time, there were 99,201 people living in urban areas, 33,597 living in rural areas, 69,184 men, and 63,614 women.

</doc>
<doc id="2912835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912835" title="Univille">
Univille

Univille may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912837" title="1976 CFL season">
1976 CFL season

The 1976 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 23rd season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 19th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1976.
For the first time in Canadian Football League history, more than 2 million fans attended CFL games with 2,029,586.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Ottawa Rough Riders are the 1976 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Saskatchewan Roughriders, 23–20, at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium, in the highest shut out recorded in CFL history. This was the third championship game between the two Rough Riders with Ottawa winning two out of three games. Ottawa's Tom Clements (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Saskatchewan's Cleveland Vann (LB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence. Ottawa's Tony Gabriel (TE) was named Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2912841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912841" title="Joint Declaration">
Joint Declaration


</doc>
<doc id="2912850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912850" title="Yavari (ship)">
Yavari (ship)

Yavari is a ship commissioned (along with her sister ship "Yapura") by the Peruvian government in 1861 for use on Lake Titicaca. She is named after the Javary River in the Loreto Region of Peru, bordering the Amazonas State (Brazil).
History.
In 1862 Thames Ironworks on the River Thames built the iron-hulled "Yavari" and "Yapura" under contract to the James Watt Foundry of Birmingham. The ships were designed as combined cargo, passenger and gunboats for the Peruvian Navy.
The ships were built in "knock down" form; that is, they were assembled with bolts and nuts at the shipyard, dismantled into thousands of parts small enough to transport, and shipped to their final destination to be assembled with rivets and launched on the lake. The kits for the two ships consisted of a total 2,766 pieces between them. Each piece was no more than what a mule could carry, because the railway from the Pacific Ocean port of Arica went only , as far as Tacna. From there pack mules had to carry them the remaining to Puno on the lake.
The original British contractor got the parts to Tacna but failed to complete the section of the journey with mules. This was not resumed until 1868 and the first plates for "Yavari"'s hull were laid at Puno in 1869. "Yavari" was launched in 1870 and "Yapura" in 1873.
"Yavari" was long and had a two-cylinder steam engine, which was fuelled with dried llama dung.
In 1914, "Yavari"'s hull was extended to increase her cargo capacity. At the same time she was re-engined as a motor vessel with a Bolinder four-cylinder hot bulb engine.
The War of the Pacific of 1879–83 impoverished the Peruvian government, so in 1890 UK investors established the Peruvian Corporation which took over operation of Peru's railways and lake ships. In 1975 Peru nationalised the corporation and "Yavari" and "Yapura" passed to the state railway company ENAFER. In 1976 they were transferred back to the Peruvian Navy, who converted "Yapura" into a hospital ship and renamed her BAP "Puno" but discarded "Yavari".
In 1987 charitable interests bought "Yavari" to restore her. She is now moored at Puno Bay where she provides static tourist accommodation while undergoing full restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="2912851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912851" title="The Beautiful Country">
The Beautiful Country

The Beautiful Country is a 2004 Vietnam-related drama film set in 1990. It is directed by Hans Petter Moland and starring Damien Nguyen, Nick Nolte, Bai Ling, Chau Thi Kim Xuan, Tim Roth, Anh Thu, Temuera Morrison and John Hussey. The screenplay was written by Sabina Murray, a writer who teaches at the University of Massachusetts Amherst's MFA Program for Poets & Writers.
Plot summary.
The film tells the story of Binh, a Vietnamese boy who is often referred to as a "bui doi" (a derogatory term which has come to refer to a Vietnamese-born child fathered by an American soldier during the Vietnam War). After a life of prejudice and servitude, Binh decides to leave his tiny Vietnamese village and search for his mother in Saigon. Binh finds his mother, Mai, and discovers he has a younger brother, energetic and precocious Tam. Mai is employed by Mrs. Hoa, the cruel mistress of a great house. After getting a job at the house with his mother, Binh discovers that she is sexually harassed constantly by Mrs. Hoa's son.
While dusting with his mother, Binh lifts a red glass statue of Buddha, a precious family heirloom, to allow his mother to dust. As Binh lifts the statue to see it glow in the sun, the mistress walks in and charges Binh, calling him a thief. As Binh tries to keep the Buddha safe in his arms, the mistress slips on a wet patch of the floor, falling to her death. Binh and his mother quickly escape the house back to their apartment. They frantically pack the belongings of Binh and Tam. His mother gives them American money, the address of Binh's American father, and passage on a boat. 
Binh and Tam both make it onto a boat bound for the United States, but a storm knocks them off course and instead takes them to Malaysia. Stuck in a refugee camp, Binh and Tam adapt to their new circumstances and meet Ling, a Chinese prostitute whose passage to America was also detoured to Malaysia. Binh and Ling seem to develop feelings for each other, kissing after Ling sings a ballad in Mandarin and dances for him.
Ling had been selling sexual favors for some time (though she dreams of a life as a singer) and had managed to buy herself, Binh, and Tam's way out of the refugee complex and onto a barge captained by the British Captain Oh. During the voyage Binh, Ling, and Tam suffer under shortages of food and rationing of fresh water. A gambling game (two contenders shout off American brand names in succession) threatens the other passengers by unfairly winning their food, water, and money. Several people succumb to the conditions, as does little Tam. A heartbroken Binh and Ling give him a funeral at sea.
The immigrants finally reach the United States, but are quickly rushed into transport trucks, bound for Chinatown in New York City. Binh works at a Chinese restaurant as a delivery boy and Ling works in a Chinatown cabaret, though she still keeps prostitution as her main source of income. Ling eventually meets a wealthy businessman to support her. Binh's feelings for Ling go unanswered. Binh sends a letter explaining Tam's death to his mother, along with all the money he had saved thus far.
Binh finds out (over a poker game with his friends) that Vietnamese children born to American fathers are allowed free airplane passage to the United States and granted citizenship. Angry because he didn't have to lose his brother, he promptly leaves his job and hitch hikes toward Houston, Texas, meeting amputee Vietnam War veterans and a Hispanic family along the way. Upon reaching the address Binh finds a woman, his father's ex-wife. His father had relocated after their divorce, working as a handyman at a ranch in Sweetwater, Texas. Binh is finally confronted with his father, blinded after opening a crate filled with explosives he thought was beer during the war. While Binh doesn't confess that he's his son, his father realizes it and the film ends with Binh and his father joking and laughing as he cuts his father's hair.

</doc>
<doc id="2912855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912855" title="Nick Clarke">
Nick Clarke

Nicholas Campbell Clarke (9 June 1948 – 23 November 2006), was an English radio and television presenter and journalist, primarily known for his work on BBC Radio 4.
Clarke was born in 1948 in Godalming, Surrey, and educated at Westbourne House School, West Sussex, Bradfield College, Berkshire and Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge.
Clarke began his career in newspapers on the "Yorkshire Evening Post", before joining the BBC in 1973 as Northern Industrial Correspondent. He then joined "The Money Programme" and eventually joined "Newsnight" in 1984. His first major job in radio was on BBC Radio 4's "The World This Weekend". He presented Radio 4's lunchtime news programme, "The World at One", from 1994 until his death. During the 1991 Gulf War he was a volunteer presenter on the BBC Radio 4 News FM service. He also presented the "Round Britain Quiz", the debate series "Straw Poll" and, when Jonathan Dimbleby was away, "Any Questions?"
Clarke won the Broadcasting Press Guild broadcaster of the year award in 2001. He wrote a biography of the writer and journalist Alistair Cooke and a social history of Britain in the second half of the 20th century entitled "The Shadow of a Nation: How Celebrity Destroyed Britain".
In December 2005, it was announced that Clarke was suffering from cancer and he subsequently had surgery which entailed the loss of his left leg. During this time he documented his experiences with the disease for an audio diary that was broadcast on Radio 4 in June 2006.
Clarke returned to hosting "The World at One" programme in August 2006, but his last appearance was on 12 September. He died on 23 November 2006.
In 2007, the BBC created the Nick Clarke Award to celebrate and recognise the best broadcast interview of the year, which is awarded annually at the Cheltenham Literature Festival. Following his death, friends from university established the 'Nick Clarke Prize'.
In "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", Clarke presented a faux "World at One" for the Quandary Phase along with Patrick Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="2912870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912870" title="Ten Kids, No Pets">
Ten Kids, No Pets

Ten Kids, No Pets is a children's novel written by Ann M. Martin. She has also written a sequel entitled "Eleven Kids, One Summer".
Plot.
The Rosso family has ten children, who were named using their incredibly organized mother's naming system, where the first child's name would be the first name of the A section of a book of baby names (the girls' section or the boys' section, depending on the gender), the second child by the second name of the B section of the book, and so on. As such, the ten children have been named Abigail (Abbie), Bainbridge, Calandra (Candy), Dagwood (Woody), Eberhard (Hardy), Faustine and Gardenia (Dinnie) (the twins), Hannah, Ira, and Janthina (Jan).
The story begins with their move from a New York City apartment to a New Jersey farmhouse. Each chapter deals with one child's views on how to adjust to their new home (like Woody's attempts to be a comedian like Woody Allen, Hardy wanting to be a detective like the Hardy boys, Hannah feeling left out of the family, Bainbridge struggling in vain to pull together a local kids' football team) and the collective attempts of the children to obtain a pet, despite how their parents argue with ten children, they should not have a pet.
The children finally win their battle to obtain a pet when their parents announce that they are breaking the rules and having an eleventh child (ruining their mother's image of a perfect staircase of children), which will be named Kelly or Keegan, depending on the gender (which ends up being a boy according to "Eleven Kids, One Summer"). Since their parents have broken the rules, their mother relents and allows them to get a dog. However, they change their minds when they find a stray kitten. Taking after their mother, they decide the cat "Zsa Zsa" or "Zuriel", the last names of the baby book, thus reversing their mother's system. The kids are thrilled about this.

</doc>
<doc id="2912885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912885" title="Borough (United States)">
Borough (United States)

In principle, the word borough designates a self-governing community. In the United States, a borough is a unit of local government below the level of the state. The term is currently used in six states:
Specific states.
Alaska.
In Alaska, the word "borough" is used instead of "county." Like counties, boroughs are administrative divisions of the state.
Each borough in Alaska has a borough seat, which is the administrative center for the borough. The Municipality of Anchorage is a consolidated city-borough, as are Sitka, Juneau, Haines and Yakutat.
Most of the state's area, however, is part of the vast Unorganized Borough, nearly as large as France and Germany combined, which has no borough-level government at all. The United States Census Bureau has divided the Unorganized Borough into eleven census areas for statistical purposes.
Connecticut.
In addition to cities, Connecticut also has another type of dependent municipality known as a borough. Boroughs are usually the populated center of a town that decided to incorporate in order to have more responsive local government. When a borough is formed, it is still part of and dependent on its town. There are nine boroughs in Connecticut. One borough, Naugatuck, is coextensive and consolidated with its town. The other eight boroughs, such as Woodmont, have jurisdiction over only a part of their town. Boroughs in Connecticut are counted as separate municipal governments, but governmental functions performed in other parts of the state by town governments are performed by the parent town of the borough.
Minnesota.
In Minnesota the term "borough" was applied to one municipality, Belle Plaine, from 1868 to 1974.
New Jersey.
In New Jersey, boroughs are independent municipalities and are one of five types of municipal government, each operating separately at the equivalent level of the other four types of municipal government available in New Jersey: Township, Town, City and Village. Many boroughs were formed out of larger townships, but even in such cases there is no continuing link between the borough and the township.
New York.
New York City is subdivided into five boroughs, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens, The Bronx and Staten Island. Each of these is coterminous with a county, Kings, New York, Queens, Bronx and Richmond Counties respectively. There are no county governments within New York City for legislative or executive purposes, but there are borough governments composed of a borough president, members of the New York City Council which represent parts of the borough, and the chairmen of the local community boards (see Government of New York City). The powers of the borough governments are inferior to the powers of the city-wide government. The boroughs of New York City are still treated as separate counties for judicial purposes, and for business and legal filings.
Pennsylvania.
In Pennsylvania's state laws that govern classes of municipalities, the term "borough" is used the way other states sometimes use the word "town." A borough is a self-governing entity that is generally smaller than a city. If an area is not governed by either a borough or city, then the area is governed as a township. Villages or hamlets are unincorporated and have no municipal government, other than the township in which they are found. By tradition, as recognized by publications of the state government, the only incorporated town in Pennsylvania is Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania However, in 1975, McCandless Township, in Allegheny County adopted a home rule charter under the name "Town of McCandless". In August 2005, there were 961 boroughs in the state.
South Carolina.
The municipal subdivisions of the City of Charleston are titled "borough" (e.g. Ansonborough, Mazyck-Wraggborough, Elliottborough, etc.) although there exist a handful of subdivisions with alternative names (e.g. French Quarter, Harleston Village). These seem to correspond to the wards that subdivided the former combined civil and ecclesiastical parishes (e.g. St. Phillip's & St. Michael's Parish, St. Andrew's Parish) of Charleston and the Lowcountry.
Virginia.
In Virginia, under Code of Virginia § 15.2-3534, when multiple local governments consolidate to form a consolidated city, the consolidated city may be divided into geographical subdivisions called boroughs, which may be the same as the existing (i) cities, (ii) counties, or (iii) portions of such counties. Those boroughs are not separate local governments. For example, Chesapeake is divided into six boroughs, one corresponding to the former city of South Norfolk and one corresponding to each of the five magisterial districts of the former Norfolk County. In Virginia Beach, the seven boroughs were abolished effective July 1, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2912888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912888" title="Willey">
Willey

Willey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912890" title="Déjà vu (disambiguation)">
Déjà vu (disambiguation)

Déjà vu is a French phrase meaning "already seen", and it refers to the experience of feeling sure that one has witnessed or experienced a new situation previously.
Déjà Vu may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912891" title="Perdido Key, Florida">
Perdido Key, Florida

Perdido Key, Florida is an unincorporated community located in Escambia County, Florida, between Pensacola, Florida and Orange Beach, Alabama. "Perdido" means "lost" in the Spanish language.
The community is located on and named for Perdido Key, a barrier island located in extreme northwest Florida and southeast Alabama. The Florida district of the Gulf Islands National Seashore includes the east end of the island, as well as other Florida islands. No more than a few hundred yards wide in most places, Perdido Key stretches some from near Pensacola, Florida to Perdido Pass Bridge near Orange Beach, Alabama. 
History.
From the beginning of the 17th century, Spanish and French explorers, imagining riches in the New World, began colonizing the northern coast of the Gulf of Mexico. A Spanish expedition from Vera Cruz, Mexico had settled on what became known as Santa Rosa Island on Panzacola Bay, named after the indigenous people, later known as the Pensacola Indians. Panzacola means "the village of hairy people." The French developed a settlement along the coast near Maubila (Mobile). They were competing in this area. Explorers from both countries had heard of a great mysterious body of water to the west of Pensacola, but they were unable to find the entrance.
In 1693 noted cartographer and scientist Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora was sent by the Spanish government to locate the entrance. Even after he located the mouth of the bay, he was unable to find a waterway deep enough to sail through. According to legend, Siquenza's ship had been blown off course as he was again searching for the pass into the deep inland waters. The ship was spotted by an Indian chief camped with his tribe at Bear Point. As the chief was walking next to the water, he spotted Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora attempting to reef his sails. He offered to guide Siquenza and his men to a connecting deep water channel from the Gulf of Mexico into the more tranquil bay. When the search party finally located the elusive bay, they called it "Perdido", which in Spanish means "lost" or "hidden".
Early maps indicate that, at the time, the pass was located on or very near to today's official State boundary between Alabama and Florida. Hurricanes and other forces—natural as well as man-made—have moved the pass back and forth several times to where it lies now in Orange Beach, Alabama, approximately from the Florida boundary.
Segregation.
Pensacola Beach was once 'whites only' and what is now The Gulf Islands National Seashore was one of the few beaches near Pensacola that was African American friendly. Private Rosamond Johnson, Jr., a man of courage, valor and honor, was killed on July 26, 1950 during the Korean War . 
Army Private Rosamond Johnson, Jr. was the first Escambia County resident to die in the Korean War on July 26, 1950. He successfully carried two wounded soldiers to safety and was returning with a third when he was fatally wounded. He joined the military at age 15 and died at 17. He posthumously received the Purple Heart August 21, 1950 and several veteran groups are still working to see if Johnson deserved additional military honors. During the early days of an integrated military it was not uncommon for recognition to be overlooked for black troops.
Pensacola beaches were racially segregated at the time of Johnson's death; the Gulf beach area was a popular area for blacks. After the Korean War the county-owned recreational area was renamed to honor its fallen hero at the suggestion of the Sunset Riding Club, Inc. The club leased the land in 1950 from the county for the sole use of bathing, beach and recreational facilities for "colored citizens." Although the lease was canceled in 1956 the name Rosamond Johnson Beach remained. The area became part of Gulf Islands National Seashore May 8, 1973.
A permanent monument in Johnson's honor was erected at Johnson Beach on June 10, 1996. Guest speaker, retired Army Maj. Gen. Mike Ferguson of Pensacola and the Veterans of Under Aged Military Service officiated the ceremony.
Geography.
Perdido Bay is said to have once had an estimated 300 natural springs bubbling up from the sandy bottom. There were so many around the site of the Lillian bridge that when construction began, bridge engineers were appalled to see pilings sinking down below the surface, following the soft course of a natural spring. They had to devise a solution, which was building cofferdams to shore up the pilings to prevent them from sinking.
Circa 1933 Perdido Key became an island. Before then, the area was a small peninsula just to the west of Pensacola. It was crossed by a large ditch that was narrow enough to jump across, and sometimes filled with alligators. This ditch was improved and widened to become part of the Intracoastal Waterway in 1933.
The Intracoastal Waterway (ICW) connecting Pensacola to Mobile Bay, the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, was started during 1931 during the Great Depression. The digging that would connect Pensacola, Big Lagoon (also known as Grande Lagoon), Perdido Bay, and Mobile Bay was completed in 1933. Perdido Key Island is now about long with almost 60% of it (9.5 miles) protected in federal or state parks. 
In 1978 the National Park Service completed purchase of over of land on Perdido Key from Johnson Beach to Pensacola Pass for about $8 million. For years this area was called Gulf Beach, and it evolved into being called Perdido Key. Many "old timers" still slip and call the area Gulf Beach.
Environment.
Environmentalists and outdoor enthusiasts enjoy Perdido Key because it is one of the few remaining areas of protected wilderness in the Florida Panhandle. Miles of preserves offer opportunities for hiking, kayaking, and bird watching. Dolphin watch excursions and sailing tours are popular with tourists, as are moonlight cruises on the bay. Perdido Key’s two state parks and an expanse of National Seashore offer chances to spot gray foxes and blue herons in the wild. Local outfitters offer guided tours, and self-guided nature trails at Big Lagoon and Johnson Beach allow solitude.
Perdido Key Beach Dune Habitat.
The azure waters of the Gulf of Mexico frame the white beaches. These beaches and their dune habitat host a variety of visitors and residents throughout the year.
The beach dune habitat of Perdido Key is characterized by several rows of sand dunes. "Frontal" or "primary" dunes are vegetated with grasses including sea oats, bunch grass, and beach grass. Among other plants growing in primary dunes are Florida rosemary, railroad vine and beach morning glories. “Secondary” dunes, further inland, support saw palmetto, slash and sand pines, and scrubby shrubs and oaks. Growing among the dunes are such species as cordgrass, salt-grass, pine trees, purslane and pennywort.
The scrub and grasses growing on the dunes are vital to the health of Perdido Key’s beach habitat. The roots of plants are the "fingers" which hold sand in place, preventing it from blowing away in the wind or washing away in the tidal surge of Hurricane or other storms. Without the critical holding power of dunes and their plants, the beaches would blow and erode away.
The dune restoration project on Perdido Key is restoring or planting the following native plants:
Sand Plants:
Estuarine plants:
Wildlife.
Perdido Key is home to the endangered Perdido Key Beach Mouse. The small white and gray mouse, weighing 13-16 grams, blends in with the white quartz sand of northern Gulf coast beaches. While the Perdido Key Beach Mouse feeds primarily on the seeds of sea oats and bluestem, it will occasionally eat insects.
The Perdido Key beach mouse was listed as an endangered species in 1985. Loss of habitat to development is considered to be the main factor leading to the decline of the species. Hurricanes have also taken their toll on the mouse. The beach mouse population at Perdido Key was nearly eliminated in the mid-1990s when hurricanes Erin and Opal ravaged Perdido Key. Numbering less than 40 after the storms, the mice have regenerated quite well, with current population estimates near 500. While populations appear to be growing, the Perdido Key Beach Mouse will probably never make it off the endangered species list because of continued habitat loss and degradation due to human development in the area.
Other species find the white sands attractive as seasonal homes or for nesting before returning to sea. Two such visitors are the piping plover and the sea turtle.
The sea turtle is another endangered visitor to Perdido Key. Loggerhead, Leatherback, Ridley, and Green sea turtles arrive between May and September to dig nest cavities in the sand into which 100 or more eggs are laid. About two months later, provided the nest hasn’t been washed away, uncovered by high winds, or disturbed by predators or beach visitors, turtle hatchlings emerge. Following the brightest spot in the sky, which is usually the horizon over the water, hatchlings scramble for the sea. With development on barrier islands, lights of convenience stores, hotels and businesses (see Light pollution ) have made the trek to the sea confusing and dangerous. Few hatchlings are successful in their first adventure. Less than 1% of hatchlings survive their first year and grow old enough to return to Perdido Key to resume the cycle.
Shorebirds including black skimmers, gulls, terns, and brown pelicans are among the birds which rest on the island, nest, or feed offshore. Neotropical birds, such as warblers and Cedar Waxwings, live in the tropics and travel to North America to breed, stopping over to feed and rest at Perdido Key. Monarch butterflies migrating to and from South America stop here, finding refuge on the sea oats growing in the dunes of Perdido Key.
Local attractions.
To the south of Perdido Key is the Gulf of Mexico, with its white sand beaches and clear blue waters. North of Perdido Key are Old River and the Intracoastal Waterway. Just north of Old River is the private Ono Island. North of Ono and separated by the Intercoastal Waterway (ICW) is a small area called Innerarity Point and Innerarity Island. This small, private gated island community has mostly single-family homes with a few townhomes at the entrance.
Almost all of these waterways are accessible by boat. They lead to the Gulf of Mexico via the Alabama Pass in Orange Beach or the major harbor entrance of Pensacola Pass. These waterways are: Old River, Intercoastal Waterway (ICW), Perdido Bay, Pensacola Bay, Escambia Bay, Black Water River, Perdido River, Styx River, and a myriad of boatable canals, bayous and lakes. The inland waterways have historically given protection from the storms and hurricanes which have occurred in this area. This area has many homes lining the waterfront.
Gulf Islands National Seashore / Rosamond Johnson Beach.
Located on the eastern end of Perdido Key, it is open from 8 a.m. to sunset. It has picnic shelters, restrooms, showers, and seasonal lifeguards. The site of Fort McRee is located at the eastern tip of Johnson Beach and is accessible by boat or foot only. On the Sound side, Nature Trail is a self-guided nature trail that winds past a salt marsh and through a maritime forest. The nature trail is wheelchair accessible. The Johnson Beach Road is an enjoyable place to walk, jog, bike and view beautiful sunsets.
The environment in this area can quickly become extremely dangerous and inhospitable. Intense sunlight reflecting off the white sand beaches can temporarily blind visitors if they do not wear good quality sunglasses. Insects such as midges and other biting flies inhabit the areas around Langley Point and Redfish Point during certain times of the year, especially at or near dusk. The sand along the Gulf of Mexico side of Johnson beach is loose and difficult to walk in. Winds can reach at night and can blow over tents and scatter items left unsecured. At night the temperature can drop to an uncomfortable cool level even during midsummer. In the event of inclement weather, it can take campers up to an hour to reach the parking area or other shelter due to having to walk in loose sand.
Visitors should make every effort to observe surf warnings posted in the park. Two red flags means the water is closed to the public. A purple flag means dangerous sealife such as sharks or jellyfish are present. Rip tides are common due to shifting sands, especially after tropical storms. Visitors with small children should stay in the main pavilion area under the supervision of the lifeguard.
Big Lagoon State Recreation Area.
This area is named for the bordering body of water called Big Lagoon. The Park of upland was opened in 1978. The Cookie Trail is maintained by the Girl Scouts. Natural habitat includes numerous birds and animals: gray foxes, raccoons, skunks, opossums, great blue herons and other waterfowl, in addition to a variety of other birds. The park has more than 75 campsites; five picnic areas with shelters, a 500-seat amphitheater; boat ramp with dock; boardwalks and nature trails; and an observation tower offering a panoramic view of Big Lagoon, the park, and Gulf Islands National Seashore across the Intracoastal Waterway. it is located at 12301 Gulf Beach Highway, Pensacola, just north of the community of Perdido Key.
Perdido Key State Recreation Area.
Perdido Key State Recreation Area encompasses on a barrier island, which buffers the mainland from winds and threatening tides, and provides habitat for shore birds and other coastal animals. Saltwater fishing licenses are required. Occupied shells are alive and should be left alone. The wide white sand beaches and the rolling dunes covered with sea oats make this a pristine oasis along the rapidly developing Florida Panhandle. Picnic shelters are between the Gulf and the Old River, which bounds Perdido Key on the north.

</doc>
<doc id="2912898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912898" title="Kippax Centre">
Kippax Centre

Kippax Centre is a designated group centre located in the Canberra suburb of Holt. Named after cricketer Alan Kippax, it serves a sizeable area of suburban Belconnen, including the suburbs of Higgins, Holt, Latham and Macgregor. It includes the Kippax Fair shopping centre (major tenant: Woolworths Supermarket), an Aldi store and the Kippax Library. The area also boasts two clubs on opposite sides of the Kippax Centre: the Magpies Club and the West Belconnen Leagues Club. A veterinarian are in free-standing buildings. There are petrol stations on each end of the complex. The Kippax Uniting Community Centre is on the corner opposite the Fair, operated by Kippax Uniting Church.
Shops inside the main complex include:
Kippax is regularly served by ACTION buses, with routes 16, 17, 43, 44 and 704 (weekdays) and 903, 904 and 905 (weekends) servicing the centre. It is also easily accessible by road off Southern Cross Drive and Starke Street.

</doc>
<doc id="2912899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912899" title="Ergodic sequence">
Ergodic sequence

In mathematics, an ergodic sequence is a certain type of integer sequence, having certain equidistribution properties.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be an infinite, strictly increasing sequence of positive integers. Then, given an integer "q", this sequence is said to be ergodic mod "q" if, for all integers formula_2, one has
where
and card is the count (the number of elements) of a set, so that formula_5 is the number of elements in the sequence "A" that are less than or equal to "t", and
so formula_7 is the number of elements in the sequence "A", less than "t", that are equivalent to "k" modulo "q". That is, a sequence is an ergodic sequence if it becomes uniformly distributed mod "q" as the sequence is taken to infinity.
An equivalent definition is that the sum
vanish for every integer "k" with formula_9. 
If a sequence is ergodic for all "q", then it is sometimes said to be ergodic for periodic systems.
Examples.
The sequence of positive integers is ergodic for all "q".
Almost all Bernoulli sequences, that is, sequences associated with a Bernoulli process, are ergodic for all "q". That is, let formula_10 be a probability space of random variables over two letters formula_11. Then, given formula_12, the random variable formula_13 is 1 with some probability "p" and is zero with some probability 1-"p"; this is the definition of a Bernoulli process. Associated with each formula_14 is the sequence of integers
Then almost every sequence formula_16 is ergodic.

</doc>
<doc id="2912908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912908" title="Barry Seebaran">
Barry Seebaran

Barry Seebaran (born September 12, 1972 in Vancouver) is a Canadian cricketer. He is a slow left-arm orthodox bowler.
The son of a former player, Seebaran first played in 1989 and was selected a year later for the 1990 ICC Trophy in the Netherlands, justifying his position at such an early age by being the best spin bowler in the tournament. He eventually played One Day International cricket for Canada at the 2003 World Cup, but has not featured for the Canadian team since then. He currently plays for the Coquitlam Windies, based in the city of Coquitlam. He is currently coaching Burnaby North Secondary in a high school cricket league in the Lower Mainland.

</doc>
<doc id="2912909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912909" title="Friend or Foe (song)">
Friend or Foe (song)

"Friend or Foe" is a song by Russian recording duo t.A.T.u., taken from the groups second English language studio album "Dangerous and Moving" (2005). The song was written by Dave Stewart and Martin Kierszenbaum, while production was handled by Kierszenbaum and Robert Orton. The song was released by Interscope on 2 October 2005 as the album's second single. Musically, the song is a pop rock and electropop inspired song, with dance music influences. The song features ambiguous lyrics; it is unclear who exactly the words are directed at.
The song received generally positive reviews from critics, with many identifying it as the album's best song along with its praised for its dance nature and lyrical content. The song did not perform successfully like the group's previous single "All About Us", chart just under the top forty in most countries it charted in. An accompanying music video was issued, where it featured the group singing in a cave to fans. 
Background and release.
The song was written by Dave Stewart and Martin Kierszenbaum, while production was handled by Kierszenbaum and Robert Orton. The song was released by Interscope on 2 October 2005 as the album's second single. For the production and promotion of the single, it was handled by some big names from the rock music industry. These included Sting, who played bass on the track and Bryan Adams, who shot the striking cover sleeve. The song was the group's last single to be released in the United Kingdom and United States, due to the lack of success.
The song was released in multiple formats. The song was released digitally on 2 October 2005 worldwide. The CD Single was released in 2005 featuring the song with remixes, a music video and an "All About Us" remix. In December 2005, Interscope issued a remix EP featuring remixes that were released in Europe and the United Kingdom. A Part 2. CD Single was issued in France as a Maxi-Single. The same month, Interscope Records announced that they would issue an 12" Vinyl CD in the United States, only containing remixes of the single.
Critical reception.
"Friend or Foe" received positive remarks from most music critics. Michael Boyles from "The Pitt News" gave it a positive review, saying that alone with "Loves Me Not"; " stand out as the most sexually ambiguous of this type and are two of the best tracks on the album [...]" Michael Freedburg from "The Boston Phoenix" said along with "Perfect Enemy", "Dangerous and Moving" and "All About Us"; "shoot straight to the gut — and to the heart." Betty Clarke from The Guardian described the song as "vapid" and "epic synth-rock". Dom Passantino from Stylus Magazine compared the lyrical content to the group's previous record "Not Gonna Get Us" by explaining "which is effectively a straight-up rewrite of previous album single "Not Gonna Get Us."
Chart performance.
"Friend or Foe" generally received mixed reception surrounding chart positions. The song managed to peak inside the top three in Hungary, peaking at number three. The song then managed to peak inside the top forty in countries including Czech Republic, Italy and Belgium. In the United Kingdom, the song spent a sole week on the UK Singles Chart at forty-eight. It was the group's last single to chart in the United Kingdom ever since.
The song did not offer better success in various European countries, peaking at fifty-three on the Belgium Singles Chart (Flanders), seventy-five on the Swiss Singles Chart and eighty-nine on the Mega Single Top 100 in the Netherlands.
Music video.
From October 16, 2005 to October 17, 2005, t.A.T.u. shot their video in the Los Angeles suburbs, directed by James Cox and produced by Billy Parks. The video was released on November 8, 2005.
The video was shot at Bronson Caves (where the original "Batman TV series" was filmed) in Hollywood by 1171 Production Group. The group previously worked on such t.A.T.u videos as "All About Us" and "Lyudi Invalidy" and has experience in making videos for Eminem and Celine Dion. Bronson Caves are famous for being the set location of Western movies and Batman series. The video was retired on Poland's TRL after spending 50 days on the countdown. The video did have more airplay in the U.S. than "All About Us" but it was still not played much.
In the video, Lena and Yulia both immaculately dressed in black, drive to the caves in a Chevrolet Chevelle. Yulia snaps her fingers and music begins to play as the girls perform in front of a mosh pit for a crowd of fans, who all dance and move to the song. Toward the middle, Yulia heads off stage, by the crowd and to a piano, where she begins to play. When she is done, she and Lena return to singing the rest of song.
A "Making Of" video for this music video was released on the DVD of "The Best".
Other uses in media.
The song "Friend or Foe" was also featured on MTV's 3rd season of Laguna Beach.
Track listings.
UK Maxi-CD single
Released February 6, 2006
France Maxi-CD Single
Released February 6, 2006
Europe Maxi-CD Single
Released March 10, 2006
The Remixes

</doc>
<doc id="2912913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912913" title="Harvey Grant">
Harvey Grant

Harvey Grant (born July 4, 1965) is a retired American National Basketball Association basketball player. He is the identical twin brother of Horace Grant, also a former NBA player.
Selected twelfth overall by the Washington Bullets in the 1988 NBA Draft out of Oklahoma, he averaged 5.6 points, 2.3 rebounds and 1.1 assists per game. He lifted his averages to 8.2 points, 4.2 rebounds and 1.6 assists the following season, in 1989–90. Grant improved markedly in the 1990-91 campaign, when he averaged 18.2 points, 7.2 rebounds, 2.6 assists and 1.18 steals per game. At season's end, he was runner-up to the 1991 NBA Most Improved Player Award (which was earned by Orlando's Scott Skiles). In two subsequent seasons, he continued his solid play with 18.0 and 18.6 points per contest in 1991–92 and 1992–93, respectively. 
In 1993 he was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers in exchange for center Kevin Duckworth, where he was instead utilized in a secondary role off the bench, and in three seasons with Portland, averaged 9.6 points per game. On July 15, 1996, he returned to the Washington Bullets via a trade, along with Blazers point guard Rod Strickland, for power forward Rasheed Wallace and shooting guard Mitchell Butler. By this stage Grant's career was on a downslide, averaging 4.1 points in 1996–97, then slipping to 2.6 points the following season when the Bullets franchise had reinvented itself as the Wizards. He rounded out his professional career with the Philadelphia 76ers in the lockout-shortened 1999 NBA season, averaging 3.1 points and 2.3 rebounds in 47 of 50 possible games. He subsequently retired from the league.
Never as proficient a rebounder in comparison with his brother Horace, he holds career averages of 4.4 rebounds and 9.9 points per game.
Grant transferred to Oklahoma after a year in junior college and a year at Clemson with his brother Horace.
Family.
His son Jerai, who played college basketball for Clemson University, the same school that Harvey attended before transferring to Oklahoma, joined the Australasian NBL's Sydney Kings in 2011. Another son, Jerian, plays for the University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball team, and a younger son, Jerami, plays for the Syracuse University Orange men's basketball team. Jerami was drafted 39th overall by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2014 NBA draft. Harvey Grant also has a daughter Mikayla born in 2005 with long time girlfriend Karen Mitchell.
Grant is also a grandfather to Jerai's daughter, Halle.

</doc>
<doc id="2912919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912919" title="Myriad Botanical Gardens">
Myriad Botanical Gardens

The Myriad Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden and interactive urban park located in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, on the southwest corner of Reno and Robinson. The Gardens is home to multiple tiers of densely landscaped areas that surround a sunken lake. Its primary feature is the Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory - a living plant museum featuring towering palm trees, tropical plants and flowers, waterfalls, and exotic animals.
History.
The first talk of cultivating a garden in downtown Oklahoma City began in 1964 when City leaders commissioned renowned architect I.M. Pei to create a revitalization plan for downtown Oklahoma City. The effort was led by Oklahoma City oil pioneer Dean A McGee (1904-1989), Founder and CEO of Kerr-McGee Oil Corporation. 
The resulting initiative, known as the “Pei Plan,” included setting aside parkland for the development of a cultural, recreational and commercial complex in downtown Oklahoma City. Pei’s original idea was to create a space similar to the Tivoli Gardens of Copenhagen, Denmark.
McGee took up the project of pursuing the Gardens, and continued working on their completion up until his death in 1989.
Significant Dates:
May 5, 1970. The name Myriad Botanical Gardens was officially adopted. The name came from “the Myriad,” the new 13,000-seat arena and convention center across the street from the parkland.
August 11, 1970. The Oklahoma City Council established a 19-member task force to oversee the project's planning and implementation.
1971. New York architects Conklin + Rossant were chosen to design the new project after a nationwide competition.
1975. The City of Oklahoma City purchased the site for the Myriad Botanical Gardens for $900,000.
September 16, 1975. A public trust called the Myriad Gardens Authority was created and charged with developing the property. McGee was the trust’s first Chairman.
November 17, 1977. With plans in hand, City leaders and Trust members officially broke ground to begin construction of the Gardens. Construction of the Gardens’ infrastructure, including the base of the conservatory, water stage and other core facilities continued over the next four years as funding became available. 
1981. The Myriad Gardens Foundation was formed to raise private funds for the construction of the Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory. They raised a total of $5.1 million (equivalent to $21.9 million in 2008).
1983-1985. The Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory was constructed. The framework that makes up the Conservatory’s unique cylindrical shape was built using 17 tri-cord trusses. The framework was then filled in with over 3,000 individual clear acrylic panels that assist in controlling the tropical atmosphere inside the building. After the building was completed, it took almost another two years to plan, select and install the plant materials.
1987. The Oklahoma City Parks and Recreation Department took over operation and maintenance of the Gardens. The Myriad Gardens Authority and Myriad Gardens Foundation both still play integral roles in establishing policy and raising private funding for the Gardens’ continued growth.
March 25, 1988. The Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory opens its doors to the public. Among those in attendance were then-Oklahoma City Mayor Ron Norick, Mike Bush, the Gardens’ first Executive Director, and Mr. McGee, who at the age of 84, finally saw his vision for the Gardens realized. Opening weekend saw over 12,000 visitors to the Gardens and Crystal Bridge.
May, 2010 - January, 2011. The Crystal Bridge Tropical Conservatory will undergo a $10.5 million renovation project beginning in May, 2010, during which all of the acrylic panels will be removed and replaced with new panels. In addition, the steel truss structure of the Crystal Bridge will be sandblasted and re-painted. Funding for the project was included in Oklahoma City's 2007 General Obligation Bond.
Education.
They Myriad Botanical Gardens provides multiple education opportunities for youth and adults throughout each calendar year. Special rates may apply for group education opportunities.
The Rainforest Ecology Activity Program (REAP) is geared towards second and fourth graders. It concentrates on specific themes in biology, ecology while employing a hands-on, inquiry-based approach to understanding.
Roaming the Rainforest summer education program provides a basic level of understanding of ecology, with specific focus on Rainforest education and conservation. It is held each Tuesday and Wednesday in June and July. Daycare, church and homeschool groups welcome.
Junior Master Gardener is an intensive one-week summer day program for children 7 to 12 years old. Instruction focuses on biology, horticulture and conservation. Multiple hands-on activities included.
The annual Oklahoma Gardening School is one of the Gardens' signature events. Held typically the first Saturday in March, the Oklahoma Gardening School is an all-day seminar featuring acclaimed garden experts from Oklahoma and the South / Southwest regions of the US. Topics change annually and may range from best trees and shrubs for Oklahoma gardens, to sustainable vegetable gardening, gardening for floral arrangements, and more. Check website for speaker list.
Art in the Gardens.
The Myriad Botanical Gardens is home to several pieces of art.
"Gateway" by Hans Van de Bovenkamp. The 14-foot-tall abstract sculpture stands on a raised berm at the northeast corner of the Gardens.
"Childhood is Everlasting" by Robin Orbach. Local sculptor Robin Orbach donated this abstract sculpture to the citizens of Oklahoma City on April 20, 1992. It is located in the southwest quadrant of the grounds.
"Philodendron Dome" is located on the northwest side of the lake and consists of a dome-shaped framework on an 8' x 9' base made of iron and bronze. Iron vines support the "dome" of this bronze plant's leaves, where visitors can enter for a view from underneath.
"Flying Fish" by Kenny McCage. Mc. McCage, a native Oklahoman and Navy submarine welder, created this kinetic sculpture which is located in the Gardens' east lake.
"Land of the Brave and the Free" is a kinetic wind sculpture composed of bright colors and archetypal shapes. It located on the west side of the Gardens. It was donated in 2002 to the Festival of the Arts by California artist Susan Pascal Beran.
"Spirit Poles" Located adjacent to the north Fountain plaza, the two spirit poles were gifts to the City of Oklahoma City from the City of Tulsa in commemoration of Oklahoma's centennial of statehood in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2912920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912920" title="Robert Opel">
Robert Opel

Robert Opel (23 October 1939 – 7 July 1979) was a photographer and art gallery owner most famous as the man who streaked during the 46th Academy Awards in 1974. He sneaked backstage posing as a journalist (he had worked as a photographer for the well-known LGBT publication "The Advocate", shortly before) and ran naked past David Niven flashing a peace sign while Niven was introducing Elizabeth Taylor.
Unfazed, Niven turned to the audience and quipped, "Well, ladies and gentlemen, that was almost bound to happen... But isn't it fascinating to think that probably the only laugh that man will ever get in his life is by stripping off and showing his shortcomings?"
Later, some evidence arose suggesting that Opel's appearance was facilitated by the show's producer Jack Haley, Jr. as a stunt. Robert Metzler, the show's business manager, believed that the incident had been planned in some way. During the dress rehearsal, Niven had asked Metzler's wife to borrow a pen so he could write down the famous ad-lib. Opel apparently had to cut through an expensive seamless background curtain in order to reach the stage.
The episode made Opel something of a celebrity. Producer Allan Carr even asked him to streak at a party for Rudolph Nureyev.
In March 1978, Opel opened "Fey-Way Studios," a gallery of gay male art, at 1287 Howard Street in San Francisco. The gallery helped bring such erotic gay artists as Tom of Finland and Robert Mapplethorpe to national attention. Opel was murdered on the night of July 7, 1979, during a robbery of the studio, by Robert E. Kelly and Maurice Keenan.
On February 14th, 2014, curator Rick Castro and Robert Oppel, (nephew) installed and premiered, Robert Opel: The Res~erection of Fey Way Studios, featuring original artworks, posters and memorabilia from Fey Way Studios circa 1978~ 79 at Antebellum gallery in Hollywood Ca.

</doc>
<doc id="2912926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912926" title="Michele Bartoli">
Michele Bartoli

Michele Bartoli (born 27 May 1970, in Pisa) is a retired Italian road racing cyclist. He was a single-day race specialist, winning three of the five Monument races. Bartoli won the UCI Road World Cup in 1997 and 1998.
Biography.
Bartoli turned professional in 1992 with and in 1995 moved to the MG-Technogym team of Giancarlo Ferretti. In 1998, Bartoli signed for Asics. In summer 1998, Bartoli joined Mapei. After the Tour de France, won by Marco Pantani, Mapei showed interest in contracting Pantani, and Asics went for another sponsor, but Bartoli left and joined Mapei from 1999 to 2001.
In 1997 and 1998, Bartoli won the UCI Road World Cup. From 10 October 1998 to 6 June 1999, Bartoli led the UCI Road World Rankings. During these years, Bartoli was helped by Paolo Bettini, with whom Bartoli had worked in the MG-Technogym and Asics teams. Bettini kept improving. After a crash in the 1999 Tour of Germany, Bartoli was injured and Bettini rose to prominence, winning Liège–Bastogne–Liège. From that moment, both demanded a leading role. Although they worked together at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, the feud culminated in the 2001 world championship during which the two refused to collaborate, which contributed to Óscar Freire of Spain winning the world title.
Bartoli left Mapei to re-join Ferretti at Fassa Bortolo for 2002-2003. In 2004, Bartoli moved to Team CSC. In the 2004 Tour de France, Bartoli abandoned in the 18th stage, after being called back by manager Bjarne Riis from a break to protect his captain Ivan Basso.
Bartoli stopped racing after completing 2004 injured. He said: "I just wasn't motivated to continue... I can't be a top level rider any more and that was a major influence on my decision, rather than my recent physical problems."
Bartoli was one of the most successful classics riders of his time. He won a variety of classics, starting with the Tour of Flanders and Omloop "Het Volk" in 1996 and 2001 respectively, and hilly races such as Liège–Bastogne–Liège in 1997 and 1998, Züri-Metzgete in 1998, La Flèche Wallonne in 1999, and the Amstel Gold Race in 2002. He won the Giro di Lombardia in 2002 and 2003. He was national champion in 2000, and won short stage races such as the Tirreno–Adriatico, Tour de Reggio Calabria and Three Days of De Panne.
In the world championship he finished third in 1996 and 1998.
After-cycling career.
In 2005 Bartoli gave his name to the Granfondo Michele Bartoli in the province of Lucca, with the start and finish in his hometown Montecarlo. Bartoli is, with former cyclists Francesco Casagrande and Maximilian Sciandri, instructor of the Campagnolo Passion 2 Ride.

</doc>
<doc id="2912928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912928" title="Eddie Fullerton">
Eddie Fullerton

Edward "Eddie" Fullerton (1935 – 25 May 1991) was a Sinn Féin councillor from County Donegal, Ireland. He was murdered at his Buncrana home in May 1991 by members of the Ulster Defence Association.
The eldest of John and Mary Fullerton's 20 children, Eddie Fullerton emigrated to Scotland at the age of 18, and then moved to England. He became involved in Irish republicanism in Birmingham, where he also met and married his wife Diana (with whom he would have 6 children). They returned to Ulster in 1975. He was elected to Donegal County Council for Sinn Féin in 1979, and held his seat until his assassination at age 56.
At two o'clock in the morning, on the 25 May 1991, Cllr. Fullerton and his wife were woken by the sound of their front door being knocked in with a sledgehammer. Loyalist paramilitaries shot Eddie six times from the stairs as he left the bedroom to investigate the noise of the burglary.
A month later, a documentary on British television revealed that a police file from RUC intelligence containing Fullerton's photograph and details was found in the possession of the UDA in Derry. The weapon used to kill him was recovered two years later. The perpetrators were never found. The Fullerton family has long campaigned for an independent public inquiry into the events surrounding his death.
This was the third assassination of an elected representative in the Republic of Ireland since its independence from the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2912930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912930" title="Corbin Allred">
Corbin Allred

Corbin Michael Allred (born May 25, 1979) is an American actor. He starred in the 2003 award-winning motion picture "Saints and Soldiers" and the 1997–1998 television series "Teen Angel".
Career.
Allred's acting career began when he was 12 years old after attending an open casting call in his home town.
In addition to "Saints and Soldiers" and "Teen Angel", Allred played the lead role in "Josh Kirby... Time Warrior!" and is known for his role in "". He appeared in the 1999 films "Diamonds" alongside Dan Aykroyd and Kirk Douglas and "Anywhere but Here" with Natalie Portman and Susan Sarandon.
In television, he's had roles in an episode of "" and in an episode of "NCIS".
Personal life.
Born in Salt Lake City, Utah, Allred is the second of four children. His hobbies include rock climbing, mountain biking and fly fishing. He teaches climbing classes. Allred is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and served a two-year mission to Australia for his church. Allred resides in Beaverton, Oregon, where he is studying to be a physician assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="2912933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912933" title="Everard Home">
Everard Home

Sir Everard Home, 1st Baronet FRS (b. Kingston upon Hull, 6 May 1756; d. 31 August 1832 in London) was a British surgeon.
Home was born in Kingston-upon-Hull and educated at Westminster School. He gained a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge, but decided instead to become a pupil of his brother-in-law, John Hunter, at St George's Hospital. Hunter had married his sister, the poet and socialite Anne Home, in July 1771. He assisted Hunter in many of his anatomical investigations, and in the autumn of 1776 he partly described Hunter's collection. There is also considerable evidence that Home plagiarized Hunter's work, sometimes directly, sometimes indirectly; he also systematically destroyed his brother-in-law's papers in order to hide evidence of this plagiarism.
Having qualified at Surgeons' Hall in 1778, Home was appointed assistant surgeon at the naval hospital, Plymouth. In 1787 he appointed assistant surgeon, later surgeon, at St George's Hospital. He became Sergeant Surgeon to the King in 1808 and Surgeon at Chelsea Hospital in 1821. He was made a baronet (of Well Manor in the County of Southampton) in 1813.
He was the first to describe the fossil creature (later 'Ichthyosaur') discovered near Lyme Regis by Joseph Anning and Mary Anning in 1812. Following John Hunter, he initially suggested it had affinities with fish. Home also did some of the earliest studies on the anatomy of platypus and noted that it was not viviparous, theorizing that it was instead ovoviviparous. Home published prolifically on human and animal anatomy.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1787, gave their Croonian Lecture many times between 1793 and 1829 and received their Copley Medal in 1807.

</doc>
<doc id="2912937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912937" title="Gangut (ship)">
Gangut (ship)

At least four ships of the Imperial Russian and Soviet Navies have been named Gangut after the 1714 Battle of Gangut.

</doc>
<doc id="2912940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912940" title="Kippax">
Kippax

Kippax may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912959" title="Planetary scanner">
Planetary scanner

A planetary scanner (also called an orbital scanner) is a type of image scanner for making scans of rare books and other easily damaged documents. In essence, such a scanner is a mounted camera taking photos of a well-lit environment. Originally, such scanners were expensive and could only be found in archives and museums, but with the availability of cheap, high-resolution digital cameras, DIY planetary scanners have become affordable, and for instance are being used by volunteer scan providers for Project Gutenberg.
Flatbed scanners often come in contact with at least part of the object to be scanned. They also require books to be fully opened most of the time (there are some exceptions where the scanning surface ends at the edge of the flatbed scanner, so that a book can be opened partially). Both practices can damage rare books; For example, opening a book 180 degrees can be damaging to its spine. These scanners are also implemented to scan other fragile documents such as old maps. However, planetary scanners that allow the book to open to a full 180 degrees have special features that protect the book binding from being damaged. Many of those scanners are equipped with self-balancing book cradles, gaps for the binding to be placed in, and pressure-sensitive glass controls. It is argued that by opening the book to a full 180 degrees and using scan glass, the scanner is able to capture further into the binding than those using a V cradle.
Planetary scanners tend to touch fewer parts of a book, and provide an option of only opening a book partially.

</doc>
<doc id="2912964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912964" title="Manulife Centre">
Manulife Centre

The Manulife Centre is located on the southeast corner of Bay and Bloor streets, adjacent to the southern edge of the Yorkville district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It consists of a 51-storey 800-suite luxury residential tower at 44 Charles Street and a shorter tower at 55 Bloor Street West, connected by a retail complex on the main floor and basement.
History.
Designed by the Toronto architectural firm of Clifford and Lawrie Architects, construction began in 1972 and was completed in 1974. It was developed and built for Manulife Financial, the current owners. 
Early retail tenants at the Manulife Centre included Bretton's department store (60,000 square feet), Creed's (38,000 square feet), Harridge's, and other luxury tenants. Over time, these three large retailers went bankrupt and closed.
Creeds.
Creeds was the finest women's specialty store in Canada specializing in furs, designer fashions and accessories, jewellery (Beni Sung), cosmetics (Borghese, Chanel, Clarins, Clinique, Estée Lauder, Lancôme), fragrances, and gifts (including fine chocolate, men's ties, and Sable & Rosenfeld gourmet foods). The store spanned two floors and featured boutiques for Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel, Christian Dior, Emanuel Ungaro, and Sonia Rykiel. The original location opened in 1916; the Manulife Centre location closed with the firm's bankruptcy in 1990.
Today.
Today the retail portion of Manulife Centre serves the local population, and includes Birks, Indigo Books, and William Ashley fine china. Bay Bloor Radio, which was founded in 1946, moved into the Manulife Centre when it opened and remains there today. An underground tunnel connects the basement level of the shopping concourse to Holt Renfrew at 50 Bloor St West on the north side of Bloor. 
The tower is served by Bay Station on the TTC's Bloor-Danforth line. Underground tunnels from the Manulife Centre provide access to Toronto's busiest subway station Bloor and Yonge.

</doc>
<doc id="2912972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912972" title="Henry B. Quinby">
Henry B. Quinby

Henry Brewer Quinby (June 10, 1846 – February 8, 1924) was an American physician, businessman, and Republican politician in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. He was the 52nd Governor of New Hampshire and served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives and the New Hampshire Senate.
Early life.
Quinby was born in Biddeford, Maine to Thomas and Jane E. (Brewer) Quinby. He earned a bachelor's degree from Bowdoin College in 1869 and a A.M. degree from Bowdoin in 1872. In 1880, he graduated from the National Medical College in Washington, D.C.
Political career.
He served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1887-1888 and in the New Hampshire Senate from 1889-1890. He was on the New Hampshire Executive Council in 1891 and 1892. In 1893, he was a delegate to the Republican National Convention. Quinby was chairman of the 1896 State Republican Convention.
He was elected as a Republican candidate to the office of governor in 1908. After leaving office, he retired from politics.
He died in 1924 in New York City.
Personal life.
On June 22, 1870, Quinby married Octavia M. Cole and they had two children, Henry Cole Quinby and Candace Ellen Quinby.

</doc>
<doc id="2912982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912982" title="The Proposition">
The Proposition

The Proposition is a 2005 Australian western film directed by John Hillcoat and written by screenwriter and musician Nick Cave. It stars Guy Pearce, Ray Winstone, Emily Watson, John Hurt, Danny Huston and David Wenham. The film's production completed in 2004 and was followed by a wide 2005 release in Australia and a 2006 theatrical run in the U.S. through First Look Pictures.
Plot.
Set in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the movie follows a series of events following the horrific rape and murder of the Hopkins family, likely committed by the infamous Burns brothers gang.
The film opens in a remote wood building with a violent gunfight between the police and Charlie Burns' (Guy Pearce) gang, which ends with the deaths of all of the gang members except for Charlie and his younger brother Mikey. Captain Stanley (Ray Winstone) makes a proposition to Charlie: he and the feeble-minded Mikey can go free of the crimes they have committed if Charlie kills his older brother, Arthur (Danny Huston). Arthur is a mercurial psychopath who is so vicious the Aboriginal tribes refer to him as "The Dog Man" and both the police and the Aboriginals refuse to go near his camp. Captain Stanley states his intention to civilize the harsh Australian wilderness by bringing Arthur to justice and using Mikey as leverage. Charlie has nine days to find and kill Arthur, or else Mikey will be hanged from the gallows on Christmas Day.
Captain Stanley's motivations for taming Australia are revealed: he has been forced to move there with his delicate wife, Martha Stanley (Emily Watson), and apparently wants to make it a safer place for them to live. The Stanleys were friends of the Hopkins family, leading Martha to have nightmares about her dead friends. Word spreads of Stanley's deal with Charlie, primarily from Stanley's corrupt subordinate, Sergeant Lawrence (Robert Morgan), causing disgust among the townspeople.
Shortly thereafter, Eden Fletcher (David Wenham), for whom Captain Stanley works, orders that Mikey be given one hundred lashes as punishment for the rape and murder of the Hopkins family. Stanley is aghast at this, not only because he believes Mikey is likely innocent and the flogging may kill him or harm him irreparably, but also because it will break his deal with Charlie and bring the Burns gang's revenge upon him and his wife. Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko (David Gulpillil) and other men to "investigate" the reported slaying of Dan O'Riley by a group of Aborigines.
Meanwhile, Charlie rides in search of Arthur, drinking and apparently reflecting. Along the way, he encounters an inebriated old man named Jellon Lamb (John Hurt). In the course of conversation, Charlie realizes that Lamb is a bounty hunter in pursuit of the Burns brothers and knocks him out. Later on, after sleeping on a rock bed, Charlie awakes and is speared in the chest by a group of Aboriginal men standing over him. Seconds later a gunshot is heard and the head of the man who threw the spear explodes. Charlie then passes out.
Charlie wakes up in the camp of his brother Arthur, located in caves among desolate mountains. Arthur's gang consists of Samuel Stoat (Tom Budge), who shot the Aboriginal man who had speared Charlie; a woman named Queenie (Leah Purcell) who tends to Charlie's wound; and a muscular Aboriginal man called Two-Bob (Tom E. Lewis). As he recovers from his wounds, Charlie has several opportunities to kill his brother, but does not.
Captain Stanley attempts to defend Mikey by gunpoint from the bloodthirsty townspeople, but is overruled once Martha arrives, insisting on revenge for her dead friends. Mikey is brutally flogged and horrifically wounded. The formerly excited townspeople slowly become disgusted and Martha faints at the ghastly display. Captain Stanley grabs the whip and throws it at Fletcher, staining him with blood. Fletcher fires Stanley.
Near Arthur's camp, Sergeant Lawrence and his men have found and butchered a group of Aborigines. Arthur and Two-Bob find Lawrence's group while they sleep and kill Jacko and Sergeant Lawrence. Before Arthur stomps Lawrence to death, Lawrence tells Arthur that Charlie has been sent to kill him. Jellon Lamb enters Arthur's camp and ties up Samuel and Charlie, both of whom are sleeping. Lamb is shot from behind by the returning Two-Bob. Arthur then begins torturing the still-living Lamb with a knife. Charlie points his revolver at Arthur, but instead shoots Jellon in the head, putting him out of his misery.
Charlie decides he wants to break out Mikey and informs Arthur. Arthur, Samuel and Charlie ride into town dressed in the clothes taken from the officers Arthur and Two-Bob had killed, while Two-Bob poses as an Aborigine they have captured. Once at the jail, the men free Mikey, and Charlie and Two-Bob ride off with him. Arthur and Samuel remain to torture and slaughter the two officers inside the jail. The badly injured Mikey, who has never recovered from the flogging, dies in Charlie's arms. As they bury Mikey, Two-Bob tells Charlie that all of this is Charlie's fault: "You should never have left us."
Captain Stanley and Martha let their guard down to have a peaceful Christmas dinner. Immediately following their conclusion of grace, Arthur and Samuel shoot open the door and invade their home. Arthur pulls Captain Stanley into the other room and brutally beats him, while Samuel taunts his wife. Samuel drags Martha inside, and Arthur shoots Captain Stanley through the shoulder. As Samuel assaults Martha, Charlie walks in and informs Arthur of Mikey's death; Arthur ignores the news and encourages Charlie to listen to Samuel's beautiful singing. Charlie walks up to Samuel and shoots him point blank in the head, then shoots Arthur twice, saying afterward, "No more." Arthur staggers out of the house. Charlie tells Captain Stanley "I want to be with my brother." He leaves the house and follows a trail of blood to find Arthur seated on the ground nearby and sits down next to him. Arthur states that Charlie has finally stopped him and asks what he will do now, to no answer, and dies as his brother watches the blood red sunset of the outback.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack, titled "The Proposition", was released shortly after the film in October 2005. The music was composed and performed by Nick Cave and violinist Warren Ellis.
All tracks are directly reproduced from the musical interludes in the film, and feature little alteration from the film score. Many songs on the album are slow-tempo and ballad-like, and the violin work of Warren Ellis becomes the central voice of the album for much of the time. The album is instrumentally focused, and is a departure from Cave's band-oriented compositions. Cave's unusual vocal performances on the "Rider" trilogy of songs brings a particularly haunting and uneasy tone to the album.
Critical response.
"The Proposition" has received highly positive reviews from professional film critics, earning an 87% "Certified Fresh" rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 123 reviews, with an average rating of 7.3/10. The critical consensus is: "Brutal, unflinching, and violent, but thought-provoking and with excellent performances, this Australian western is the one of the best examples of the genre to come along in recent times." The film received an average score of 73 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 31 reviews.
Roger Ebert, giving it 4 out of a possible 4 stars, described the film as a "A movie you cannot turn away from; it is so pitiless and uncompromising, so filled with pathos and disregarded innocence, that it is a record of those things we pray to be delivered from.". AM New York, "The Austin Chronicle" and Entertainment Insider also gave the film 4/4 stars.
Ty Burr of the "Boston Globe" said of it "A near-masterpiece of mood and menace, and one that deserves to be seen on the largest screen possible".
J.R. Jones of the "Chicago Reader" said "This Aussie feature perfectly re-creates the charbroiled landscapes and cruel psychodrama of the old Sergio Leone westerns, with John Hurt particularly fine as a raging old mountain goat."
Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" said it is "A pitiless yet elegiac Australian Western as caked with beauty as it is with blood."
Joe Morgenstern of the "Wall Street Journal" said that it is "A visionary tale of a fragile civilizing impulse crushed by family loyalty and a lust for revenge in the vast Outback of the late 19th century."
Nick Rogers of "Suite101.com" said that "John Hillcoat's violence-probing Western feels as uncompromisingly bleak, royally widescreen and graphically violent as any Sam Peckinpah opus - a sunburned, grimy-nailed saga of point-blank executions and blood wrung from a cat o' nine tails."
Chris Barsanti of the "Film Journal International" called it "The finest, strangest and most uncompromising western to hit screens since Unforgiven." 
Indigenous culture.
Two acclaimed Indigenous Australian actors (David Gulpilil and Tom E. Lewis) have supporting roles in the film.
As noted in behind-the-scenes features included on "The Proposition" DVD, the film is regarded as uncommonly accurate in depicting indigenous Australian culture of the late 19th century, and when filming in the outback, the cast and crew took great pains to follow the advice of indigenous consultants. In an interview included on the DVD, Lewis even compares the depiction of indigenous cultures in "The Proposition" to the landmark film "The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith" (1978).
DVD.
The DVD was released in the United States by First Look Pictures on 19 September 2006.
Tartan Video's Region 2 DVD release in the UK was a two-disc release and contains these additional features: audio commentary by Nick Cave and John Hillcoat on disc 1, exclusive interviews with Guy Pearce and Danny Huston (25 mins), a "meet the cast and crew" feature (35 mins), a "making of" feature (118 mins) and a theatrical trailer on disc 2.
The film was released on Blu-ray on 19 August 2008.
Box office.
"The Proposition" grossed $2,271,100 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2912985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912985" title="The Time of the Hero">
The Time of the Hero

The Time of the Hero (original title: "La ciudad y los perros", literally "The City and the Dogs", 1963) was the first novel published by Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa, who won the Nobel Prize in 2010. Set among a community of cadets in a Lima military school (the Leoncio Prado Military Academy), it is notable for its experimental and complex employment of multiple perspectives. The novel was so accurate in its portraiture of the academy "that the academy's authorities burned 1000 copies and condemned the book as a plan by Ecuador to denigrate Peru."
The novel was later turned into a film by Peruvian director Francisco Lombardi.

</doc>
<doc id="2912986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912986" title="Ramy Ditzanny">
Ramy Ditzanny

Ramy Ditzanny is an Israeli poet who was born in 1950. His most famous poem is "Baal Akhshuv," which can be translated as "Lord of the Spiders." The name is a parody of Baal Zevuv, "Lord of the Flies." Subtle connections are made between the ancient Canaanites and the modern Palestinians.

</doc>
<doc id="2912998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912998" title="Dan Armon">
Dan Armon

Dan Armon, Israeli poet, was born in Jerusalem in 1948, the year Israel gained independence. He studied literature and theater at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and has published four books of poems.

</doc>
<doc id="2913001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913001" title="Sanjayan Thuraisingam">
Sanjayan Thuraisingam

Sanjayan Thuraisingam (born September 11, 1969 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) is a Tamil Canadian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast medium bowler.
Thuraisingam was Canada's top wicket-taker at the 2001 ICC Trophy and his 5 wickets for just 25 runs brought Canada's cricket team to the World Cup on July 17, 2001. He played three matches in the 2003 Cricket World Cup, and has since played a further six One Day Internationals for Canada. He has also represented them in two ICC Intercontinental Cup matches and the 2005 ICC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="2913012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913012" title="Saltsjöbanan">
Saltsjöbanan

Saltsjöbanan is an electrified suburban rail system between Stockholm and Saltsjöbaden in Nacka, Sweden. It is in length and has eighteen stations in use. An average of 19,600 journeys are made on an ordinary workday. The line is mainly single-track, and is isolated from Sweden's national railway network, although both are built to compatible standard gauge ().
History.
K.A. Wallenberg largely initiated and financed the project. The railway's initial purpose was to offer a quick way for stressed-out Stockholm residents to get to planned beaches and recreational facilities around Saltsjöbaden. The construction of the railway went faster than expected, but turned out to be very expensive, mostly owing to the problems building the last stretch into the city, which involved a lot of tedious work with explosives to even out the ground and to build two long tunnels, one of which was the country's longest at the time of the construction.
Saltsjöbanan was inaugurated on 1 July 1893 and was operated with steam locomotives until 1910 after which the lines were gradually electrified (circa 1 kV DC). The construction of the branch that runs from Igelboda to Solsidan (also called "Vårgärdsbanan") was fully contracted to a Danish company, Brøchner-Larsen & Krogh. The branch opened in 1913.
Initially the railway was operated by Järnvägs AB Stockholm-Saltsjön, and carried a great deal of profitable freight traffic. This diminished with time, and by the 1960s it was no longer breaking even, and a complete closure was considered. However, the Stockholm County Council took over the line in 1969, and today it is owned by Storstockholms Lokaltrafik (SL).
To this day, the route remains mostly unchanged since the early 1900s, but has seen slight alterations at its outer ends. In the 1940s, the western end was extended by about , moving its Stockholm terminus from Stadsgården to the more centrally located Slussen interchange (the diversion point can be seen in the image at left). Conversely, the easternmost end, which once ran all the way to the Saltsjöbaden shore, for convenient transfer to archipelago ferries, now stops about inland. A railway branch also used to go from slightly west of Östervik to a gravel pit in Snörom, a distance of about 3 km. It was however only used for industrial purposes. The branch was decommissioned as early as 1902 and all that remains today is a minor road with the same stretch.
Vehicles and technology.
As of 2009, the trains running on Saltsjöbanan are EMU sets of two or three cars. They are made by ASEA, models C10 (with motor) and C11 (motorless). The cars are slight modifications to an older model of Stockholm Metro train. Maximum allowed speed is 70 km/h (43 mph).
The railroad does not feature ATC, in contrast to most other rail traffic in Sweden. This makes collisions and overruns such as the January 2013 incident much more likely to happen. Currently, operators must strictly obey traffic lights indicating whether a stretch is in use or not to prevent collisions, and trains do not automatically brake at the end of the line. Experts have suggested that ATC should be implemented on the railroad.
Accidents and incidents.
In the early morning hours of 15 January 2013, a passenger train started to move without authorization, with only a cleaner on board. At maximum speed, it violently overran a set of buffer stops and crashed into a block of flats in Saltsjöbaden.
The cleaner was first suspected of having stolen the train, but was later cleared of blame, as the train was then considered to have started moving due to some train malfunction and violation of safety procedures.
Lines.
The main line runs from Slussen to Saltsjöbaden, while a branch line connects the intermediate station Igelboda to Solsidan. At Slussen it meets the Stockholm Metro’s Red and Green lines.
The line is predominantly single track with passing loops at some stations. There are two longer sections of double track between Nacka - Saltsjö-Järla and Storängen - Saltsjö-Duvnäs totalling which reduces delays waiting for trains in the opposite direction. The Solsidan branch is entirely single track.
In the late evening, some trains on the Solsidan branch are extended from Igelboda to Slussen.

</doc>
<doc id="2913024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913024" title="Holder">
Holder

Holder may refer to:
People with the surname Holder:
In mathematics:
In sports:
In devices:
In places:
In ships:
In law

</doc>
<doc id="2913027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913027" title="Deliverance (disambiguation)">
Deliverance (disambiguation)

Deliverance is a 1972 film directed by John Boorman.
Deliverance may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913028" title="50,000 Fall Fans Can't Be Wrong">
50,000 Fall Fans Can't Be Wrong

"50,000 Fall Fans Can't Be Wrong – 39 Golden Greats" is a greatest hits album released by The Fall in 2004. It was the group's first career-spanning compilation, with a selection of songs from the 1978 EP "Bingo-Master's Break-Out!" up to the 2003 album "The Real New Fall LP (Formerly Country on the Click)". The selection of songs includes both singles and album highlights. Daryl Eslea compiled the album and wrote the sleevenotes.
The cover and title of the album is a parody of Elvis Presley's "50,000,000 Elvis Fans Can't Be Wrong" (1959).

</doc>
<doc id="2913029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913029" title="Lou Bierbauer">
Lou Bierbauer

Louis W. Bierbauer (September 28, 1865 – January 31, 1926) was an American professional baseball player of German descent. He was a second baseman in Major League Baseball during the late 1880s and 1890s. Over that period of time, he played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association before joining many other major leaguers in jumping to the Brooklyn Ward's Wonders in the newly formed Players' League for the 1890 season, a league which folded after just one year of play. Once the League folded in 1891, pretty much every player that left the National League or the American Association for the Players' League was allowed to return to their original team. However Bierbauer never signed back with the Athletics. The National League's Pittsburgh Alleghenys realizing Bierbauer's absence in the Athletics line-up became determined to sign him.
Alfred Spink, the founder of the "Sporting News", wrote about the incident in his 1910 book "The National Game". According to Spink, Allegheny's manager Ned Hanlon traveled to Presque Isle in the dead of winter to sign him, crossing the ice on the harbor during a snow storm. He finally reached Bierbauer's home and got him to sign a contract with Allegheny.
The Athletics, upon learning of this deal, objected to Bierbauer’s signing and stated that he should return to the A’s, since that was the team that employed him before his defection. An official for the American Association also objected to Bierbauer signing with Allegheny and called the act "piratical." However the Alleghenys contended that because “the Association did not reserve Bierbauer, he was a free agent". An arbitrator agreed, and soon players and fans alike were calling the team the "Pittsburgh Pirates."
Bierbauer played for the Pirates for six seasons before moving on to the St. Louis Browns from 1897 to 1898. He finished his professional baseball career in the minor leagues.
Alfred Spink would go on to call Bierbauer the "one-time king of second basemen," a great "all-around player" who dominated both the National League and the American Association. In a 1955 story also reprinted in "The Pirates Reader", a friend of Bierbauer told the "Pittsburgh Sun-Telegraph" that "Louie loved the Pirates and rooted for them until the day of his death in 1926."
Bierbauer died in his hometown of Erie, Pennsylvania at the age of 60, and is interred at Erie Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2913030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913030" title="Book size">
Book size

The size of a book is generally measured by the height against the width of a leaf, or sometimes the height and width of its cover. A series of terms is commonly used by libraries and publishers for the general sizes of modern books, ranging from "folio" (the largest), to "quarto" (smaller) and "octavo" (still smaller). Historically, these terms referred to the format of the book, a technical term used by printers and bibliographers to indicate the size of a leaf in terms of the size of the original sheet. For example, a quarto (from Latin "quartō", ablative form of "quartus", fourth) historically was a book printed on a sheet of paper folded twice to produce four leaves (or eight pages), each leaf a fourth the size of the original sheet printed. Because the actual format of many modern books cannot be determined from examination of the books, bibliographers may not use these terms in scholarly descriptions.
Book formats.
In the hand press period (up to about 1820) books were manufactured by printing text on both sides of a full sheet of paper and then folding the paper one or more times into a group of leaves or "gathering". The binder would sew the gatherings (sometimes also called "signatures") through their inner hinges and attached to cords in the spine to form the book block. Before the covers were bound to the book, the block of text pages was sometimes trimmed along the three unbound edges to open the folds of the paper and to produce smooth edges for the book. When the leaves were not trimmed, the reader would have to cut open the leaf edges using a knife. 
Books made by printing two pages of text on each side of a sheet of paper, which is then folded once to form two leaves or four pages, are referred to as folios (from Latin, "foliō", ablative of "folium", leaf). Those made by printing four text pages on each side of a sheet of paper and folding the paper twice to form a gathering containing four leaves or eight pages are called "quartos" (meaning "fourths"). Similarly, books made by printing eight pages of text on each side of a sheet, which was then folded three times to form gatherings of 8 leaves or 16 pages each, are called octavos. The size of the resulting pages in these cases depends, of course, on the size of the full sheet used to print them and how much the leaves were trimmed before binding, but where the same size paper is used, folios are the largest, followed by quartos and then octavos. The proportion of leaves of quartos tends to be squarer than folios or octavos. 
These various production methods are referred to as the format of the book. These terms are often abbreviated, using 4to for quarto, 8vo for octavo, and so on. The octavo format, with eight leaves per gathering, has half the page size of the quarto format before trimming. Smaller formats include the duodecimo (or "twelvemo"), with twelve leaves per sheet and pages one-third the size of the quarto format, and the sextodecimo (or sixteenmo), with sixteen leaves per sheet, half the size of the octavo format and one quarter the size of the quarto. The vast majority of books were printed in the folio, quarto, octavo or duodecimo formats.
There are many variations in how such books were produced. For example, folios were rarely made by simply binding up a group of two leaf gatherings; instead several printed leaf pairs would be inserted within another, to produce a larger gathering of multiple leaves that would be more convenient for binding. For example, three 2-leaf printed sheets might be inserted in a fourth, producing gatherings of 8 leaves or 16 pages each. Bibliographers still refer to such books as folios (and not octavos) because the original full sheets were folded once to produce two leaves, and describe such gatherings as "folios in 8s". Similarly, a book printed as an octavo, but bound with gatherings of 4 leaves each, is called an "octavo in 4s". 
In determining the format of a book, bibliographers will study the number of leaves in a gathering, their proportion and sizes and also the arrangement of the chain lines and watermarks in the paper.
In order for the pages to come out in the correct order, the printers would have to properly lay out the pages of type in the printing press. For example, to print two leaves in folio containing pages 1 through 4, the printer would print pages 1 and 4 on one side of the sheet and, after that has dried, print pages 2 and 3 on the other side. If a printer was printing a folio in 8s, as described above, he would have to print pages 1 and 16 on one side of a leaf with pages 2 and 15 on the other side of that leaf, etc. The arrangement of the pages of type in the press is referred to as the imposition and there are a number of methods of imposing pages for the various formats, some of which involve cutting the printed pages before binding.
A number of imposition schemes for different formats may be found in 
Modern book production.
As printing and paper technology developed, it became possible to produce and to print on much larger sheets or rolls of paper and it may not be apparent (or even possible to determine) from examination of a modern book how the paper was folded to produce them. For example, a modern novel may consist of gatherings of 16 leaves, but may actually have been printed with 64 pages on each side of a very large sheet of paper. Similarly, the actual printing format cannot be determined for books that are perfect bound, where every leaf in the book is completely cut out (i.e., not conjugate to another leaf as in gatherings) and is glued into the spine. Modern books are commonly called "folio", "quarto" and "octavo" based simply on their size rather than the format in which they were actually produced, if that can even be determined. Scholarly bibliographers may describe such books based on the number of leaves in each gathering (8 leaves per gathering = octavo), even where the actual number of pages printed on the original sheet is unknown or may reject the use of these terms for modern books entirely.
Today, octavo and quarto are the most common book sizes, but many books are produced in larger and smaller sizes as well. Other terms for book size have developed, an elephant folio being up to 23 inches tall, an Atlas folio 25 inches, and a double elephant folio 50 inches tall.
According to Guinness World Records, the largest book in the world is "" by Michael Hawley, which measures 1.5 m x 2.1 m (5 feet x 7 feet).
Paper sizes.
During the hand press period, full sheets of paper were manufactured in a great variety of sizes which were given a number of names, such as "pot", "demy", "foolscap", "crown", etc. These were not standardized and the actual sizes varied depending on the country of manufacture and date. 
The size and proportions of a book will thus depend on the size of the original sheet of paper used in producing the book. For example, if a sheet 19 inches by 25 inches is used to print a quarto, the resulting book will be approximately 12.5 inches tall and 9.5 inches wide, before trimming. Because the size of paper used has differed over the years and localities, the sizes of books of the same format will also differ. A typical octavo printed in Italy or France in the 16th Century thus is roughly the size of a modern mass market paperback book, but an English 18th century octavo is noticeably larger, more like a modern trade paperback or hardcover novel.
Table of formats and sizes.
The following table is adapted from the American Library Association table, in which "size" refers to the dimensions of the cover:
Additional tables of book formats and sizes may be found at:

</doc>
<doc id="2913044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913044" title="Zlín Z 42">
Zlín Z 42

The Zlin Z 42 is a single-engine two-seat Czechoslovakian trainer aircraft manufactured by Moravan Otrokovice. A developed version, the Z 142, is the most popular aircraft variant in the manufacturer's aircraft line.
Design and development.
The aircraft were built by Moravan Aviation, founded in 1934 by Tomáš Baťa in the Czech Republic.
As a follow-on and replacement for the successful Zlin Trener series of tandem aerobatic trainers, Moravan developed a new family of light aircraft, featuring a side-by-side layout and comprising a two-seat trainer, the Zlín Z 42 and a four-seat trainer/tourer aircraft, the Zlín Z 43. The Z 42 first flew on 17 October 1967, achieving airworthiness certification on 7 September 1970.
The aircraft fuselage center section is of welded steel tube, covered with sheet metal and fiberglass panels. The tailcone is of monocoque construction. The empennage is of sheet metal. The two-spar wings are of all-metal construction. The tricycle landing gear is fixed, with a steerable nose wheel. Designed for aerobatics instruction, it was certified to +6.0 and -4.0 limit maneuvering load factors, and was equipped with full inverted fuel and oil systems permitting extended inverted flight. The Z 42 is powered by a Walter inverted six-cylinder engine rated at 134 kW (180 hp).
The revised Zlín Z 42M flew in November 1972, with a revised tail taken from the Z 43, and a Constant speed propeller replacing the variable pitch propellor (where the propellor pitch is controlled by the pilot) of the original Z 42. When early Z 42s were refitted with the new propellor, they were redesignated Z 42 MU.
Development continued, with the Zlin Z 142 featuring a slightly enlarged two-seat airframe based on that of the Z 42 and the more powerful (157 kW (210 hp)) Walter (now LOM) M 337 fuel-injected inverted 6-cylinder, supercharged air-cooled engine of the Z 43 replacing the unsupercharged M 137 engine of the Z 42. The prototype Z-142 first flew on 29 December 1978.
In the late 1980s further development work was initiated. The inverted inline engine was replaced with a four-cylinder horizontally opposed Lycoming IO-360 engine. This variant is designated the Z 242, and is immediately distinguishable by its relatively wide cowling which houses the flat-four engine.
Operational history.
Two Z-142s were used by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in bombing sorties on the Sri Lankan airforce bases in Sri Lanka in 2007. In October 2008 the Zlins were also used in an attack on a military base of the Sri Lanka Army, and a power station in the outskirts of the city of Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Operators.
Civil.
The aircraft is popular with flying training organizations. One of the largest fleet operators is Sault College of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, which operates eleven 242Ls.

</doc>
<doc id="2913045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913045" title="Pharmaceutical industry in China">
Pharmaceutical industry in China

The pharmaceutical industry is one of the leading industries in People's Republic of China, covering synthetic chemicals and drugs, prepared Chinese medicines, medical devices, apparatus and instruments, hygiene materials, packing materials, and pharmaceutical machinery.
China accounts for 20% of the world’s population but only 1.5% of the global drug market. China's changing health-care environment is designed to extend basic health insurance to a larger portion of the population and give individuals greater access to products and services. Following this period of change, the pharmaceutical industry is expected to continue its expansion.
The domestic pharmaceutical market is highly fragmented and inefficient. China, as of 2007, has around 3,000 to 6,000 domestic pharmaceutical manufacturers and around 14,000 domestic pharmaceutical distributors. Most often cited adverse factors include a lack of protection of intellectual property rights, a lack of visibility for drug approval procedures, a lack of effective governmental incentives, poor corporate support for drug research and differences in the treatment in China accorded to local and foreign firms.
Even so, the industry environment has been transformed for the better over the last 10 years. Entry to the WTO has brought a stronger patent system, medical insurance is now more widespread, and pharmaceutical-related regulations have been stiffened. China is reportedly expected to become the third largest pharmaceuticals market in the world by 2011.
Research and development is rapidly increasing with Shanghai becoming one of the most important global centers. Most notably, Novartis is expected to establish a large R&D base in Shanghai that will be a pillar of its drug development.
China's thousands of domestic companies account for 70% of the market, and the top 10 companies about 20%, according to Business China. In contrast, the top 10 companies in most developed countries control about half the market. Since June 30, 2004, the State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) has been closing down manufacturers that do not meet the new GMP standards. Foreign players account for 10% to 20% of overall sales, depending on the types of medicines and ventures included in the count. But sales at the top-tier Chinese companies are growing faster than at Western ones.
Future growth.
China is expected to become the world's third-largest prescription drug market in 2011, according to a report released by pharmaceutical market research firm IMS Health. The report said that China's pharmaceutical revenue is growing fast and that the market there may double by 2013. Sales of prescription drugs in China will grow by US$40 billion through 2013, the report said. The value-added output of China's pharmaceutical industry increased 14.9% year on year in 2009, according to statistics released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. In the first 11 months of last year, the medicine sector's combined net profit was RMB 89.6 billion, up 25.9% year on year. Growth in the period was only 16.2% in the period from January to August.
Overview.
China has established a pharmaceutical industry structure, and has become one of the largest pharmaceutical producers in the world. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has been growing at an average annual rate of 16.72% over the last few decades. However, the industry is still small-scale with a scattered geographical layout, duplicated production processes, and outdated manufacturing technology and management structures. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry also has a low market concentration and weak international trading competitiveness, coupled with a lack of patented domestically-developed pharmaceuticals. (Barnet Siu; 2010)
As China joins the World Trade Organization (WTO), it will need to integrate more completely into the global economy. The international competition will place an intense pressure on the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. Accession to the WTO will bind China by fundamental WTO principles, such as improved transparency and the strengthening of commercial legal procedures. China's WTO commitments include the tightening of rules on intellectual property, tariff concessions, and market access of non-Chinese service suppliers engaging in the distribution of pharmaceuticals. (Cheri Grace; 2004)
Investment conditions in China have improved due to the vast consumer demand for pharmaceuticals, the lower labor costs and the changes resulting from economic reform. Changes to the patenting laws in full compliance with the requirement of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (or "TRIPS Agreement") and the lack of Chinese pharmaceutical R&D have also left gaps in the market.
The domestic pharmaceutical industry has been a key contributor to the country’s impressive economic growth. As one of the world's major producers of pharmaceuticals, the sector achieved an annual compound growth rate of 16.7% between 1978 and 2003. Both far outpaced other economies in the world, making China the world's fastest growing pharmaceutical market. Although China has enjoyed the benefits of an expansive market for pharmaceutical production and distribution, the industry is suffering from minimal innovation and investment in R&D and new product development. The sector's economies of scale have yet to be achieved. Most domestic manufacturers in the pharmaceutical industry lack the autonomic intellectual property and financial resources to develop their own brand products. Most manufacturers rely on the repetitive production of low value added bulk pharmaceuticals and imitation drugs.
Structure and trends.
Currently China has about 3,500 drug companies, falling from more than 5,000 in 2004, according to government figures. The number is expected to drop further. The domestic companies compete in the $10 billion market without a dominant leader. As of 2007, China is the world’s ninth drug market, and in 2008 it will become the eighth largest market.
China’s thousands of domestic companies account for 70 percent of the market, and the top 10 companies about 20 percent, according to Business China. In contrast, the top 10 companies in most developed countries control about half the market. Since June 30, 2004, the State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA) has been closing down manufacturers that do not meet the new GMP standards. Foreign players account for 10% to 20% of overall sales, depending on the types of medicines and ventures included in the count. But sales at the top-tier Chinese companies are growing faster than at Western ones, according to IMS Health Inc.
Even the top selling companies just barely exceed sales of $100 million (hospital market). Most of the Chinese drug-makers fall below the 20th ranking, but 30 of the top 50 companies are local.
In addition, China’s over-the-counter market is growing fast and has become the fourth largest OTC market in the world. Foreign enterprises have been closely monitoring the expanding OTC market. Merck announced the launch of OTC program in China in September 2003. Roche listed China as one of its 10 core OTC markets, with the aim of growing its OTC drug sales by 50% in the next five years and reaching 1.3 billion in 2008. Novartis is expanding its OTC market share in China, and Wyeth has also entered OTC market.
The pharmaceutical market in China is dominated by its non-branded generic industry that operates with basic technology and simple production methods. Domestic pharmaceuticals are not as technologically advanced as western products, but nonetheless occupy approximately 70% of the market in China. Domestic companies are mainly government owned and fraught with overproduction and losses. The Chinese government has begun consolidating and upgrading the industry in an effort to compete with foreign corporations.
It is estimated that most hospitals derive 25-60% of their revenue from prescription sales, hospitals remain the main outlets for distributing pharmaceuticals in China. This will change with the separation of hospital pharmacies from healthcare services and with the growing numbers of retail pharmacy outlets. Retail pharmacy outlets are expected to grow in number once the government finally introduces its system to classify drugs as OTC. The government is now encouraging development of chain drug stores, but the full effect might not be seen for several years.
The price of pharmaceutical products will continue to decrease steadily. In June 2004, the price of 400 antibiotics in 24 categories, including penicillin, was reduced by, on average, 35%. The total value affected by this reduction was US$42 million. The central government has been playing a significant role in pharmaceutical price readjustment. Future price reductions will originate from hospital pharmaceutical retail shops.
The rural pharmaceutical market will shift significantly. 80% of counterfeit products are consumed in rural areas. This provides a huge opportunity for pharmaceutical companies to develop the market in rural areas. In 2005, Huanan Pharmaceutical Group, Guangzhou Ruobei Huale, Baiyunshan Pharmaceutical Group, and others, have stepped up efforts in targeting the rural market.
Historic foreign involvement.
Bayer of Germany, the inventor of aspirin, began trade with China in as early as 1882. Hoechst AG, known as Aventis, sold its products through 128 distribution agents across China in 1887, becoming China's no. 1 Western medicine and dyeing provider. Eli Lilly and Company opened its first overseas representative office in Shanghai in 1918. ICI, the predecessor of the world's no. 3 pharmaceutical enterprise AstraZeneca, began trade with China in 1898.
Production levels.
In the 9 months from January to September 2004, the total output of the country’s pharmaceutical industry reached $40 billion, 15.8% higher than the same period of 2003. In the same period, 23 major state-owned pharmaceutical companies had sales of $10 billion. A survey of 16 typical city hospitals, the usage of drugs increased by 32.23% in the first half of 2004 as compared with that of 2003.
Around 36% of all China’s pharmaceutical enterprises are state-owned. Another 35% are privately owned domestic enterprises and the remaining 29%, foreign-funded. Synthetic drug manufacturing remains the pharmaceutical industry’s largest business in China, constituting 65% of industry sales. Another 21% of industry sales come from traditional Chinese medicine. Biotech-related medical products and medical equipment make up the rest.
Regional distribution.
China's huge and gradually aging population and strong biopharmaceutical sector have almost guaranteed a large but varied pharmaceutical market profile. Zhejiang, Guangdong, Shanghai, Jiangsu and Hebei provinces have always been among the top five most productive provinces in China. Each of these provinces has grown steadily by an average of 20 per cent per annum from 1998 to 2003 (with the exception of Jiangsu in 1998 and 1999) and reflects an increasingly healthy developing trend in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry.
Most pharmaceutical firms are located in the southeastern zone that includes two well-developed areas and three under-developed areas. The two most popular areas of well-developed pharmaceutical industry, called the growth poles, are the Eastern China zone of which Zhejiang province is located in the centre and the South China zone represented by the Guangdong province. The total output value of these two provinces accounted for 21 per cent of the total output value of pharmaceutical industry of China in 2003.
The three sub-developed areas of pharmaceutical industry, called the potential points, are also identified as the Middle China Zone, the Northeastern Zone and the Southwestern Zone, centralised in Hebei Province, Heilongjiang province and Sichuan province, respectively.
The development of the pharmaceutical industry in China was found to be predominantly driven by economic factors. The nature of an industrial region can roughly fall into one of the following three types: natural resource-driven region, economy-driven region and science and technology-driven region. The pharmaceutical industry in China grows well only in areas with a strong macroeconomic background rather than in regions with rich natural resources or advanced science and technology. Moreover, it is shown that the stronger the macro-economy, the faster the pharmaceutical industry grows. Therefore, the decision-making policy on pharmaceutical development in a region should be largely based on its macroeconomic situation.
Broadly speaking, it appears that the dynamic features of the pharmaceutical industry in China remain steady. According to the reform plan, China will conduct a regime of vertical management in drug supervision and management departments, intensify supervision and control over medicines, and gradually set up a drug management system featuring legal management, unified law enforcement, standard codes of conduct, honest practice and high efficiency. To meet the objective requirements of drug administration and the needs of the development of medical services, a drug supervision and management body was formed in 1998.
The pharmaceutical industry in China was found to be extensively fragmented. Excessive repetitive establishment of provincial pharmaceutical industries was found to be serious in comparison to other industries in China. It also demonstrates a low-level, repetitive development situation of the pharmaceutical industry in different regions of China.
Currently in China, the pharmaceutical industry is undoubtedly still developing. The most desirable strategy has been, therefore, to concentrate on the regional pharmaceutical industries. There are three main reasons for this strategy: high profitability and growth of the pharmaceutical industry, unnecessary political competition among regions, and excessive exploitation of regional administrative power. (Hu Yuanjia; 2007)
The pharmaceutical industry is always known as a high-return and rapidly growing industry. After the Chinese market was reformed, China gradually makes space for a healthy, steady and rapidly developing pharmaceutical industry, where profit rate and growth rate are much higher than in other industries. In the view of high profit returns, regional governments often allow excessive development of regional medicine industries without careful analysis of regional competitiveness, actual advantages and development strategies to incentivise the regional development of the entire economy.
In China, drug administration departments are established at both central and regional governmental level. Every region has a regional drug administration department with some authority and power. Without good communication and cooperation between administration department, unnecessary competition between regions might occur. The number of drug companies under each administrative department is often wrongly recorded resulting in an inaccurate evaluation index of the regional economic development and governmental performance.
Complex regulatory processes induce excessive exploitation of regional administrative power. Before the revision of Chinese Pharmaceutical Law in 2001, the province drug administration was assigned with authority to streamline the process of registering a generic drug. Consequently, this regional authority power was exploited resulting in excessive duplication of the same drugs. For example, a fluoroquinolone type medicine was registered and manufactured by more than 1,000 enterprises. Fortunately, the Chinese government immediately realised the serious problem and withdrew the regional authority power to prevent overlapping of authorities. Duplication of drug is, however, not the only example. After the allocation of authority of approval right of opening drug companies was taken down to provincial level several years ago, a sharp increase in the number of drug companies was noted. It was reported that 70 new drug production enterprises were approved to open during the first half of 2003, while only 45 similar enterprises were approved to open during the three years from 1998 to 2001.
Research and development.
With their low budget for research and development, China’s pharmaceutical makers are in a different league from the multinationals, but they do enjoy certain advantages. Many Chinese companies not only produce the dosage forms (such as tablets) but also own the pharmacies where they are dispensed, as well as the distribution networks that deliver them to the hospitals, where nearly 80% of drugs are sold. In addition, Chinese companies can produce generic versions of branded drugs for a fraction of their price.
Of the 3,000 pharmaceuticals - not including traditional medicines - manufactured in China since the 1950s, 99 percent are copies of foreign products, as are almost 90 percent of China's biotech products. Most Chinese companies - even joint ventures - compete with each other for the same generics. Many are struggling for survival; more than 32 percent recorded losses in 1999, according to the Pharmaceutical Department of National Development and Reform Commission.
Moreover, compared with international pharma giants, Chinese companies are not only small, but are weak in technology and often lack capital. The total R&D expenditures for Chinese-owned pharma businesses amounted to less than that spent by a single major Western pharma company.
There are presently more than 5,000 research and development (R&D) institutions in China, but only a handful of them are able to compete internationally in certain areas.
The R&D system consists of specialized research institutes, major universities, biotechnology companies, and R&D divisions of large pharmaceutical enterprises. In recent years, mid- and small-size biotechnology companies are developing at a rapid pace. There are more than 1,000 such entities nationwide at present, and more than 30% of them are privately owned. Special governmental funds are available to promote this type of entrepreneurship.
During the past several years, some Chinese pharmaceutical companies began to establish R&D infrastructures largely due to internal growth needs, but their primary focus is directed toward improving existing technologies or developing generic version of new drugs.
Companies to expand research efforts in China include GlaxoSmithKline, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Merck & Co and Eli Lilly & Company.
Companies organization and management.
A Western pharmaceutical company in China is basically controlled by its parent company. The subsidiary follows its parent company’s advanced management model, is highly influenced by the headquarters in decision making, finance, and research and development. But in pharmaceutical marketing, the subsidiary’s management team has more autonomy, mostly due to the different characteristics of Chinese market.
Most Western pharmaceutical companies’ subsidiaries in China are foreign citizens appointed directly by the parent companies. In a poll of 33 foreign pharma companies, 28 say their general managers are foreign citizens, accounting for 85% of the total; 15 say their vice general managers of productions are foreigners, accounting for 45%. Foreign VPs of finance and marketing account for 52% and 39% respectively.
The same poll shows mid level management positions such as department directors are held by Chinese. Chinese marketing directors account for 27%, foreign marketing directors account for 39%, and the rest, according to the author of this pharma China report, goes to repatriates. Five Western pharma companies have foreign R&D directors, and only three have foreign HR directors.
Comparison of Chinese and Western pharmaceutical companies.
Like its U.S. and European counterparts, the Chinese pharma business is regulated by government agencies, and competition is fierce in the business. The biggest differences include following: 
When the Chinese are developing an API they try patent searches via the internet, but are limited by the scope of the available services. Few factories yet have patent attorneys on staff, but for the larger pharma groups who are seeking partnerships with large Western firms, this may come soon.
The Chinese business environment is mainly relationship-based, and this is reflected in the pharmaceutical business. Establishing relationship with a pharma companies through personal connections is a common way to contact Chinese pharma companies. Attending pharmaceutical exhibitions, pharmaceutical conferences or seminars is another approach, as is holding a press conference attended by officials of related government agencies or associations and senior pharmaceutical executives.
Domestic companies.
From 2003 to 2004, the number of pharmacies climbed to 200,000 from 180,000, and the number of retailers owning chain stores rose from 1200 to 1349.
Before the 1980s, the distribution channel for China’s pharmacy products was vertically integrated, as there were few middlemen for medicine sales and the only wholesalers were the traditional pharmacy stores. However, after the 1980s, with the deepening of China’s reforms, the distribution of China’s pharmacy products have undergone profound changes that have to some extent changed this.
At present, there are three main distribution channels for China’s pharmacy enterprises:
Under this distribution form, there is a sole authorized organization in the country that is responsible for the sale of one or more products of a pharmacy company. Such kind of distribution also can be called "the national agent mode." The pharmacy company is responsible for the manufacturing, research and development of the products, and the general agent for the nationwide sale of the products of the company. In most cases, the agents buy the pharmacy products with cash after weighing the costs and profits, and the market risks lie with the wholesalers.
Under this mode, the pharmacy enterprise search for its national or regional general agent and use the agent’s market network to sell its products. Such kind of distribution mode can be called "the regional general agent mode." The pharmacy enterprise usually entrusts its general agent with the sale of its products through a bidding process or forming alliance with the agent, providing it products at a bottom price. The agent, after buying a certain amount of products, win the authorization from the pharmacy company to sell in a specific region and becomes its sole authorized agent in the region. The regional general agent can be the general wholesaler in a big region, provincial wholesaler, district wholesaler or municipal wholesaler, etc. In a big region or in a province, regional general agents provide patients with their products through sub-wholesalers and retailers. In a small place such as a county, products can go directly from the regional general agent to retailers and then to patients, without the involvement of sub wholesalers. 
Before taking such a distribution channel, the pharmacy enterprise should first register an independent licensed marketing company, and then set up offices in major cities which are responsible for monitoring sales and distribution of its products in their respective regions. Such a distribution mode, which requires large amount of capital and high-level management for the pharmacy enterprise, is mostly used by large-sized pharmacy enterprises.
In the above-mentioned modes, pharmacy enterprises, middlemen and patients are three basic components. Middlemen can also be classified under the categories of wholesalers and retailers. Retailers include those with shops, without shops and retail groups. What needs to be pointed out is that in China, the biggest pharmacy retailer is the hospital, due to the country’s medicare and social security mechanisms. In the retail market, 85% of pharmacy products go to patient through hospitals.
Hence, the major distribution channels in China can also be described as the following:
The first two modes are the leading ones in China.
In recent years, China’s pharmacy enterprises have entered two new fields: e-business and the setting up of pharmacy retailing chain stores. At present, the development of the B to C mode of pharmacy business in China is limited.
B2B is the main development trend of China’s e-pharmacy commerce. Though the trade volume of B2B e-pharmacy business only makes up a percentage of the total pharmacy sales, it still has large development potential. In China’s case, the B2B e-pharmacy commerce has grown by 300 percent yearly. In 2003, the trade volume of internet pharmacy sales was estimated to be 10 percent of the total.
In addition, more and more IT and other industry lead companies have been shifting their investments into the pharmaceutical industry. One example is Fang Zheng Group, an IT company that had invested a total of US$363 million into pharmaceuticals and healthcare. Guangzhou Bai Yun Shan Pharmaceutical Manufactory earmarked US$12 million to start an external-use medicine project, which was in addition to its US$48 million antibiotics project.
Domestic companies doing R&D.
To date, the Chinese domestic pharmaceutical industry has invested very little in the research and development of new drugs, though the central government is encouraging R&D through investment and other incentives in an effort to build a world-class pharmaceutical industry.
Foreign expansion.
Most Chinese pharma companies with foreign distribution export traditional Chinese medicine mainly to Asian countries or regions. Their foreign distribution, therefore, is not as significant as their western counterparts.
The Chinese government legalized foreign ownership of retail pharmacies in 2003. On March 14, 2005, AXM Pharma Inc. (AMEX: AXJ) entered into a distribution agreement with Sinopharm Holding Guangzhou Co., Ltd. for an expected purchase amount through December 2005 of RMB 54 million ($6.56 million) for the Company's line of Elegance products, formerly known as Whisper.
Additional products, including Anti-Fatigue and Asarone, are expected to be sold in upcoming quarters. The sales territory includes Guangdong, Guangxi, Yunnan, Guizhou, Fujian, Sichuan, Chongqing, Hainan, Hubei and Hunan.
Sinopharm Holding Guangzhou Co., Ltd., an affiliate of China National Pharmaceutical Group Corp. is actively engaged in the research and development, capital investment, manufacture and trade of pharmaceuticals and medical instruments. Sinopharm has achieved an annual sales volume of 10 billion RMB (over 1.2 billion U.S. Dollars) and a total import and export volume of 200 million U.S. Dollars.
Foreign companies.
In recent years, more and more western pharmaceutical corporations, such as GSK, Roche, Novo Nordisk, and others, have come to China and set up R&D centers. Many world leading pharmaceutical companies have established joint venture manufactories in China. Some have even set up sole propriety manufactories. As of 2004, amongst the largest 500 overseas enterprises, 14 of them are pharmaceutical companies.
As of 2004 (three years after China's WTO entry), nearly all global pharmaceutical companies have already completed their accession into the Chinese market and will gradually shift their focus to research development. The main reasons for overseas companies coming to China have been to save costs by using the extensive science and technology research bases currently in place in China, the abundant human resources, and less expensive medical and clinical trials.
Foreign production.
The involvement of many foreign pharmacy enterprises operating in China can be dated back to a century ago. Bayer of Germany, the inventor of aspirin, began trade with China in as early as 1882. Hoechst AG, known as Aventis, sold its products through 128 distribution agents across China in 1887, becoming China’s No.1 Western medicine and dyeing provider. The US Eli Lilly & Co. opened its first overseas representative office in China’s Shanghai in 1918. ICI, the predecessor of the world’s No 3 pharmacy enterprise AstraZeneca, began trade with China in 1898, and still maintained its old-time office by the Huangpu River in Shanghai.
As of 2007, there were already 1,800 foreign-funded pharmaceutical enterprises in China http://www.pacificbridgemedical.com/publications/html/ChinaDec1998.htm. Currently, all the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world have set up joint ventures or wholly owned facilities in China. This suggests that market conditions have never been more challenging, with competition at an all-time high.
Japanese companies:
Foreign companies doing R&D in China.
After China’s entry into the WTO, many leading pharmaceutical companies are transferring their research and development centers to China. For instance, Roche of Switzerland opened its R&D center in Shanghai recently, GSK has established its OTC research and development center in Tianjin, China, and Pfizer and Janssen Pharmaceutica (Johnson & Johnson) will carry out similar plans in the near future. AstraZeneca, Bayer, Eli Lilly and Company, and Hoffman-La Roche, have also set up R&D or clinical trial centers in China.
A poll on 33 foreign pharmaceutical enterprises in China shows that seven out of the 33 companies have R&D centers in China, accounting for 22% of the surveyed. The remaining 26 pharmaceutical enterprises have no R&D centers in China, accounting for 78% of the surveyed.
Among the seven foreign pharmaceutical enterprises with R&D centers in China, three have their R&D centers in Beijing, two in Shanghai, one in Guangzhou and one in Changzhou of Jiangsu Province. The maximum number of researchers at those centers is 40, with a majority of R&D centers having around 10 researchers. The researchers of most R&D centers are mainly Chinese, and only one R&D center has an all-foreign research team. All the R&D centers were founded after 1999, mainly in 2000 and 2001. The capital investment of these centers is not available.
In January 2004, Roche of Switzerland opened its research and development center, the fifth R&D center of the pharmaceutical giant, and the first to be established in China. Roche planned to hire 40 to 50 scientists in the first year and focus their research on pharmaceutical chemistry study. The center aims to step into traditional Chinese medicine research.
Foreign companies doing drug testing or clinical trials in China:
Governmental policies.
China's pharmaceutical industry has been a major industry that was completely directed by the state and subject to central planning, upon which transition-era reforms since the 1980s to this day have had a major impact. The pharmaceutical industry has been shaken up following the implementation of several government-initiated structural reforms.
The main reforms included:
1. Requiring all pharmaceutical manufacturers to meet GMP standards by 2004,
2. Diminishing drug sales through hospitals,
3. Bidding publicly for drug purchase,
4. Implementing a national healthcare insurance system, and
5. Strengthening intellectual property protection and SFDA supervision.
The overall goal has been to improve manufacturing and distribution efficiencies, strengthen drug safety supervision, and separate hospitals from the drug retailing business.
Regulation.
With the increasing growth of the Chinese pharmaceutical market, the government realised the importance of supervision of pharmaceutical market. They put forward several regulations and reform measures over the past couple of years, especially in the recent period of healthcare reform. The most influential issues for foreign companies are the decree of Administration Method of Import Pharmaceuticals recently promulgated by the State Drug Administration, and the launch of a new version of registration certificate for import pharmaceuticals. Despite these advances China is still the leading manufacturer of counterfeit drugs, which claim the lives of people worldwide every year. June 2009, Nigeria has seized a large consignment of fake anti-malarial drugs with the label of 'made in India' but found that the medicines were in fact produced in China and were imported into the African countries. The authorities have maintained that the incident is not isolated, indicating that it was just the tip of the iceberg.
Regulatory agencies.
Other former functions of the ministry have been assigned to different government bodies. The most important of these was the transfer of medical insurance responsibilities to the new Ministry of Labor and Social Security. Nonetheless, the Ministry of Health retains its other main functions-regulatory development and oversight, healthcare resource allocation, and medical research and education. 
The Chinese government's establishment of a single drug regulatory authority was an important step toward foreign access, because it eliminated the conflicting standards that prevailed among provincial government agencies, centralized the Chinese healthcare regulatory system, and made it more transparent. SFDA now oversees all medications-both Western and TCM-as well as advertising. Its new regulations follow FDA's model. 
Depending on the product and circumstance companies seeking to receive pharmaceutical approval might additionally have to register their product with the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine AQSIQ.
In July 1999, as part of medical insurance reform, SFDA released its first list of over-the-counter (OTC) medications, and in 2000, the state began to regulate OTC and prescription drugs separately. SFDA did so to encourage patients to purchase OTC medicines for less serious diseases, thereby reducing government medication expenditures and hospital visits. 
The SFDA plans to cut the number of manufacturers down to around 2,000 over the next two years by attrition and by requiring remaining firms to meet the new GMP standards. In fact, SFDA required all pharmaceutical companies in China to obtain GMP certificates from SFDA by June 30, 2004 to be licensed to sell their drug products in China. About 3000 of the companies met the deadline; companies in the process of obtaining certification may subcontract secondary production to a certified company until June 30, 2005.
In 2005, SFDA launched a regulation on drug research and supervision management aimed at enforcing GLP to investigative drugs, traditional Chinese medicine injections and biotechnology products. The regulation aims to help China’s drug research and development gain international recognition.
Regulatory requirements.
China quickly advanced its pharmaceutical-related regulations around the time of its December 2001 entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO). China has strengthened patent protection: In conformity with the WTO/TRIPS agreement, the patent protection structure adopted by China approaches that of Japan, Europe, and the US. Since the end of the 1990s, the government has been striving to develop a healthcare insurance system that covers 200 million Chinese. Already, 90% of the population in major cities like Shanghai, Beijing, and Guangzhou are covered, for a total of over 80 million. The Pharmaceutical Management Law was overhauled in December 2001 and various regulations were enacted from 2002-2003. Transparency in the approval process is gradually improving.
In accordance with WTO regulations, China has committed itself to cutting tariffs, liberalizing its domestic distribution practices, and restructuring its regulatory environment. China has allowed foreign enterprises to import products and engage in distribution services. Furthermore, China has also implemented new drug administration laws designed to streamline product registration and protect Intellectual Property Rights (IPR). China has agreed to six years of "data exclusivity" and has committed itself to implementing a patent linkage system. The SFDA has worked to crack down on counterfeiters but without greater resources and stricter legal consequences these actions alone have yet to be enough to curb this rampant problem.
Since 1998, the government has raised bar for entering the pharmaceutical business by passing laws including Drug Management Law and Regulations on Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. They involve following aspects of pharmaceutical manufacturing, drug distribution and selling, drug registration, requirements for manufacturing traditional Chinese medicines, medical packaging manufacturing requirements, and medical device manufacturing requirement.
The new laws will likely have a negative effect on market growth and profitability during the transitional period, but over the next 5–10 years this market should be able to provide the returns it is capable of.
Government drug pricing policy.
In order to alleviate the burden of medical expenses on the society and ensure the implementation of the medical insurance scheme, retail prices of pharmaceutical products qualified for the program and included in the National Basic Medical Insurance Scheme Drug Catalogue will be regulated. The pricing mechanism is based upon three considerations when setting the maximum retail price - production cost, a wholesaler spread set by the government and the prices of comparable products in the market. Any products priced above this level will be cut.
Centralized tendering drug procurement program.
The centralized tendering procurement system operates in two ways. First, several hospitals and medical institutions join together to invite tenders. Then, they appoint qualified agents to handle tenders. These agents are prohibited from having ties with the industry regulatory or administrative bodies.
In 2002, 70% of public hospitals at county or above level implemented this tendering system. This system has successfully passed the pilot phase and proven effective. Both the number of participating hospitals and variety of drugs expanded substantially.
More power to hospitals and medical institutions. In a market economy, hospitals and medical institutions do their own drug procurement. They source drugs from manufacturers at market prices and dispense them to patients. The centralized tendering drug procurement system, however, gives more power to hospitals in drug procurement. As a result, some unfair, unjustified and unreasonable practices surface as decision makers of some hospitals abused their power in order to get economic benefits.
GMP compliance certification.
GMP is a system to ensure products are consistently produced and controlled according to quality standards. It is designed to minimize the risks involved in any pharmaceutical production that cannot be eliminated through testing the final product. A directive circular issued by the Ministry of Health in Jul 95 marked the official launch of GMP certification in China. The China Certification Committee for Drugs (CCCD) was established in the same year. A subsidiary organization was also set up to manage the certification program.
Currently nine government agencies are the key agencies responsible for regulation. They are the State Food and Pharmaceutical Administration (SFDA), the State Development and Reform Committee, the Commerce Ministry, the State Traditional Chinese Medicine Administration, the Ministry of Labor and Social Security, the Ministry of Health, the State Population and Family Planning Committee, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the State Quality and Technology Supervision Administration.
In addition, more than 10 industrial associations also regulate the industry.
Comparison of regulatory requirements with other countries.
There should be no big differences between rules of China and those of the U.S. Pharmaceutical, partly because China is following and copying U.S. rules. Chinese regulations affect nearly every aspect of drug manufacturing, from the design and construction of manufacturing facilities to the development of procedures and the training of operations personnel performing them.
There is only federal regulation on new drug application, but there are both local regulation and national regulation regarding pharma expenditures of hospitals, reimbursable drug lists, and other issues. National regulation is implemented by SFDA and other state agencies, while local regulation is implemented by provincial agencies.
Through related laws, China has established a physician licensing system, which requires physicians to pass a national exam to be eligible for applying for licenses. After passing the exam, physicians will be eligible for applying for certificates for the practice of medicine. Licensed physicians can open their own clinics five years after getting licenses, during which they must work as physicians.
There is a mechanism for approving new drugs (from NDA filing to approval). A full three-phase research trial takes three to five years, similar to the U.S., while requirements to start a trial are onerous by foreign standards, according to Western drug-company executives.
Although the approval time is being shortened, there still remain many aspects where transparency is lacking.
Patents.
Western pharmaceutical companies have applied for numerous patents in China. About 10,000 patents for traditional Chinese medicines belong to Western companies. However, some Western observers say China lacks administrative protection for patents.
In 1992, the United States and China signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to allow administrative protection (AP) in China for US pharmaceutical patents granted between 1986 and 1992. The MOU provided seven-and-a-half years of market exclusivity, or AP rights, in China for pharma patents that were: not protected by exclusive rights before the amendment of current Chinese laws; patent protected after 1 January 1986 and before 1 January 1993 in an MOU signatory country; not previously marketed in China. Several Chinese government policies have prevented US industry from realizing the intended MOU benefits. According to Article 42 of the Patent Law, the duration of patent right for inventions is twenty years, and the duration for utility models and patent right for designs is ten years, counted from the date of filing.
The State Intellectual Property Office is responsible for enforcing patents. The intellectual property system in China was originated from and developed as a result of the policy of reform and opening-up. The State Council, the Patent Office of China, the predecessor of SIPO, was founded in 1980 to protect intellectual property, encourage invention and creation, help popularize inventions and their exploitation, and promote the progress and innovation in science and technology.
In 1998, with the restructuring of the government agencies, the Patent Office of China was renamed SIPO and became a government institution under the direct under control of the State Council. The office is in charge of patent affairs and deals with foreign-related intellectual property issues.
U.S. and China.
As a member of the World Intellectual Property Organization, China is active in protecting international patents. The SIPO has signed IP protection memorandums with countries including Russia and Thailand on the protection of intellectual properties. Such agreements are necessary to protect international patents in China.
On July 14, 2005, China and U.S. reached an agreement on intellectual property protection. 
According to western pharmaceutical business journals, most discouraging to US pharma companies has been the rampant theft of their intellectual property through patent infringement and counterfeiting. All those factors undermined the competitive advantage that innovative pharma companies stood to gain from marketing investments. As a result, US companies accounted for less than 10 percent of China's total pharma imports between 1998 and 2000.
China has more recently agreed to implement the Trade Related Intellectual Property Agreement of the Uruguay Round. To comply, Chinese companies will have to change their long-time practice of relying on counterfeit products. According to China's Securities Times, foreign companies will be able to file compensation claims ranging from $400 million to $1 billion against companies that copy patented medicines.
Articles 18 and 19.
Chinese patent law addresses foreign companies in articles 18 and 19. Under Article 18, where any foreigner, foreign enterprise or other foreign organization having no habitual residence or business office in China files an application for a patent in China, the application is treated in accordance with any agreement between the organization's host country and China, or any international treaty to which both countries are party, or on the basis of the principle of reciprocity.
Under Article 19, where such an organization applies for a patent, or has other patent matters to attend to in China, it must appoint a patent agency designated by the patent administration department under the State Council to act as his or its agent.
The patent agency is mandated to comply with the laws and administrative regulations, and to handle patent applications and other patent matters according to the instructions of its clients. The agency bears the responsibility of keeping the contents of its clients' inventions-creations confidential. The administrative regulations governing the patent agency are formulated by the State Council.
Distribution.
The Chinese pharmaceutical distribution sector is very fragmented with about 10,000+ state-owned pharmaceutical wholesalers. Direct marketing to doctors (detailing), which is the basic marketing activity in developed countries, complemented by advertising, is not developed in China. Chinese hospitals generate 60 percent of their revenues from the sale of prescription drugs. Hospital pharmacies are still the main retail outlets for pharmaceuticals, accounting for 80 percent of total drug sales. This situation is changing because the government is encouraging the establishment of retail pharmacies that are not associated with hospitals.
Drugs are distributed in China through the Chinese-style channels. China has a three tiered distribution system. At the top of the ladder are national "level-1" stations in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenyang, Guangzhou, and Tianjin. These allocate products to provincial "level-2" distributors, who in turn sell to county and city "level-3" wholesaler-drug stores. At the bottom of the distribution chain are China's vast numbers of small retail stores are difficult to reach individually.
Pharmaceutical Logistics.
At present, China's pharmaceutical logistics industry is featured as small-scale, scattered investment and fierce competition. China's pharmaceutical logistics industry is mainly composed of pharmaceutical manufacturers and pharmaceutical distributors. China has 16,500 wholesalers, 120,000 retailers and more than 6,300 producers. In terms of sales, China's top three companies: Sinopharm Group, Shanghai Pharmaceutical Co. and Jiuzhoutong Group Corp., are all shared less than 5% of the national market.
Since 2002, China's pharmaceutical logistics industry has been expanding constantly. A great amount of capital is being poured into the industry. In 2007, China had three pharmaceutical logistics centers put into operation, namely, Jiangsu Yabang Medicine Logistics Center, Quanzhou Medicine & Food Logistics Port and Chongqing Medicine Heping Logistics Center.
Large pharmaceutical logistics projects that initiated the construction in 2007 include the China-ASEAN (Tongji) Medicine Logistics Center invested by Guangxi Tongji Medicine Group with CNY145 million, the Nantong Suzhong Pharmaceutical Logistics Center with a total investment of CNY280 million, and the Chongqing Modern Medicine Logistics Center Project jointly invested by Shenzhen Neptunus Bioengineering Co., Jinguan Group and Chongqing Huabo Medicine Co.
Based on the statistics from the China Association of Pharmaceutical Commerce and China's Medicine and Healthcare Product Import and Export Association, in view of the features of China's pharmaceutical logistics industry, China demands urgently to create a group of large trans-region, trans-industry and trans-ownership Pharmaceutical logistics conglomerates through restructuring the industry and forming an alliance. As for the construction of logistics centers, it is better to build them jointly. In this way, it will help carry out management on the entire logistics operation to speed up the flow of drugs, improve circulation efficiency and reduce logistics cost.
End users.
There are two types of end users for in China: hospitals and retail pharmaceutical franchising stores. According to a 2004 sample investigation of hospitals in 16 cities, it was estimated that Chinese hospitals purchased a combined total of U$2.5 billion in drugs, an increase of 27% over 2003. The total revenue from pharmaceutical franchising stores was US$5.6 billion in 2004, an increase of 36% over 2003.
Retail operations.
Due to China's former planned economy system, hospitals are still the main distributors of pharmaceuticals. In 2003, only 15.1% of total drug expeditures were incurred at pharmacy stores.(Meng 2005) The Chinese government legalized foreign ownership of retail pharmacies in 2003. Corporations such as Alliance Boots have formed retail and distribution joint ventures in China, mainly focused on Guangdong province.
Many companies have said that the drug distribution system in China is inefficient and adds considerably to the retail costs of medicine. Also there have been complaints of unclear regulations, low profitability, complex licensing procedure, hospital bidding, and reimbursement schemes.
Dietary supplements.
The dietary supplements sub-sector has doubled from $3 billion in 1998 to a total sales volume of $6 billion in 2001. Experts estimate that the industry will reach $10 billion in annual sales by 2010, and will continue as consumers seek products with curative weight loss and other health enhancing effects. Over 3,000 domestic manufacturers of dietary supplements produce more than 4,000 different types of products. Domestic manufacturers fail to develop product branding and credibility and rely heavily on advertising to generate sales. As such, most domestic products, due to loss of credibility amongst consumers, tend to have short life cycles. High quality imported products only account for 10% of total sales. Companies say that complicated product registration, expensive and time-consuming certification requirements, and inexperienced and inefficient distributors are common obstacles.
Education and research.
There are many institutes of higher learning in China that are engaged in pharmaceutical research. (See Pharmaceutical higher institutions in China.)

</doc>
<doc id="2913048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913048" title="WATO">
WATO

WATO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913058" title="Bansha no goku">
Bansha no goku

The Bansha no goku (蛮社の獄, literally "Indictment of the society for western (or barbarian) study") refers to the 1839 suppression of scholars of Western Studies (rangaku) by the Edo Shogunate government of Japan. 
The incident was provoked by criticism of the isolationist sakoku policy due to actions such as the Morrison Incident when an unarmed American merchant ship was fired upon under the Edict to Repel Foreign Ships. 
Among those who suffered from this action were Watanabe Kazan, Takano Chōei and Koseki Sanei.

</doc>
<doc id="2913060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913060" title="Mary's Boy Child">
Mary's Boy Child

"Mary's Boy Child" is a 1956 Christmas song, written by Jester Hairston. It is widely performed as a Christmas carol.
History.
The song had its genesis when Hairston was sharing a room with a friend. The friend asked him to write a song for a birthday party. Hairston wrote the song with a calypso rhythm because the people at the party would be mainly West Indians. The song's original title was "He Pone and Chocolate Tea", pone being a type of corn bread. It was never recorded in this form.
Some time later Walter Schumann, at the time conducting Schumann's Hollywood Choir, asked Hairston to write a new Christmas song for his choir. Hairston remembered the calypso rhythm from his old song and wrote new lyrics for it.
Harry Belafonte heard the song being performed by the choir and sought permission to record it. It was recorded in 1956 for his album "An Evening with Belafonte". An edited version was subsequently released as a single, reaching No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart in November 1957. It was the first single to sell over one million copies in the UK alone. To date, Belafonte's version has sold over 1.18 million copes. In 1962. the full-length version was added to a re-issue of Belafonte's previously released album "To Wish You a Merry Christmas". 
The song was also recorded by Mahalia Jackson in 1956 but titled "Mary's Little Boy Child".
Covers.
One of the best-known cover versions of the song is from the German disco-group Boney M. from 1978, "Mary's Boy Child – Oh My Lord." This version returned the song to the top of the UK chart. It is one of the best-selling singles of all time in the UK, and had sold 1.85 million copies by November 2012.
When Hairston found out how well the Boney M version had done, he said: "God bless my soul. That's tremendous for an old fogey like me". He was 78 at the time.
The song has been recorded twice by Andy Williams, once on his 1965 album "Merry Christmas" and again on his 1997 album "We Need A Little Christmas". It has also been recorded by The Brothers Four, Charlotte Church ("Dream a Dream, 2000"), Greg MacDonald, Nat King Cole, The Lettermen (1966), The Merrymen, Jim Reeves (1963), Rolf Harris (1970), Roger Whittaker, The Little River Band, The Three Degrees, The Pete King Chorale, Nina & Frederik, Carola, Vikingarna, Kiri Te Kanawa (1984), José Mari Chan (1990), Al Bano and Romina Power (1991), Tom Jones (1993), John Denver, the cast of "Glee" (2013), Harry Connick Jr, Bryn Terfel, Connie Talbot and many others. 
The song was also included on the 1991 live concert "A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert", featuring Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade and Wynton Marsalis.
Recent covers include The Wiggles on their 2004 album "Santa's Rockin; Juice Newton's folk-rock version on her 2007 "The Gift of Christmas"; Mandisa on her 2008 album "It's Christmas"; Paul Poulton's reggae version on his 2008 album "Grooves 4 Scrooge"; Daniel O'Donnell on his 2010 album "O Holy Night"; and Joe McElderry on his 2011 album "Classic Christmas".
In 2012, the Portuguese priest António Cartageno made a choral arrangement for the song.
Translations.
Translated versions include ""Marian Poika"" by Tarja Turunen, ""Varje människa har ett ljus"" by Jan Malmsjö, ""...und Frieden für die Welt"" by Rolf Zuckowski, ""Bethlehem"" by Rob de Nijs, ""Det hände sig för länge sen"" by Kikki Danielsson, ""Det hände sig för länge sen"" by Stefan Borsch, ""Himlens hemlighet"" by Tommy Körberg and ""Du är som en sommardag"" by dance band Schytts. The Schytts version was in the Swedish chart Svensktoppen for 10 weeks in 1979, where it peaked at No. 1.
Other uses.
The words and music featured on a miniature sheet issued with the 1983 Christmas stamps of the Caribbean island of St Kitts, while the adjacent island of Nevis issued a complementary sheet featuring the "Calypso Carol".

</doc>
<doc id="2913066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913066" title="Boroughs of Canada">
Boroughs of Canada

In Quebec, the term borough is used as the formal translation into English of the French arrondissement, an administrative subdivision of a major city. There are many boroughs in Quebec.
East York, Ontario, although an independent municipality with its own mayor and council, was also formerly designated as a borough. With the community's amalgamation into Toronto in 1998, East York no longer holds this status. At the time, East York was the only municipality in Canada designated as a borough; most of the communities in Quebec now designated as "arrondissements" or boroughs were also independent "villes" prior to 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2913071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913071" title="Sommar (radio program)">
Sommar (radio program)

Sommar ("Summer") is one of the most popular Swedish radio programs ever. It has been broadcast every summer on P1 since 28 June 1959. Before 1993 it aired in P3. The idea of the program came from Tage Danielsson, who was the then head of radio entertainment at Sveriges Radio and producer Jörgen Cederberg, who was also the first host. 
In the early days of the program's history, the so-called Sommarvärdarna in Sommar was the DJ and the same presenters returned many times in the first year. Nowadays, the Sommar hosts hold personal programs/shows and get to talk about anything and pick the music themselves. In common usage, a Sommar host is often called "sommarpratare" ("Summer speaker"). The hosts range from celebrities to politicians, scientists, authors and athletes. The tradition used to state that Lars Ulvenstam should be the last Sommar host every season, but that has changed. The program's theme tune, "Sommar, sommar, sommar" was composed in 1951 by Sten Carlberg, with lyrics by Eric Sandström.
Sommar is broadcast on P1 daily between Midsummers day and the middle of August at 13:00, and repeated at 22:12 (22:05 during weekends).
The programs can be listened to or downloaded at the Swedish Radio's web page for 30 days after they have been broadcast.
Since 2005, listeners can subscribe to the program through a transmitted podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="2913072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913072" title="Royal Air Force Club">
Royal Air Force Club

The Royal Air Force Club (often referred to as the RAF Club) is situated at 128 Piccadilly, London. While it is sometimes referred to as a gentlemen's club, membership is open to men and women who hold or have held commissions in the RAF, PMRAFNS, Reserve Forces and Commonwealth and friendly foreign air forces. The Chairman is Air Vice-Marshal Matt Wiles RAF.
History.
The Royal Air Force Club was founded in 1918 when the first Lord Cowdray donated funds to obtain a permanent building which would house the Club. The buildings, still in use today, were acquired by the middle of 1919 (the Piccadilly frontage was originally the Ladies Lyceum Club, while the rear half, facing Old Park Lane, was stables). Between 1919 and 1921 extensive reconstruction took place supervised by architect Maurice Webb and largely financed by Lord Cowdray. On 24 February 1922 the Club was formally opened by HRH The Duke of York.
As of 2010, a year's membership subscription costs half of one day's wages for serving, or retired RAF officers. For non-RAF personnel, membership is around £200 per yearOther non-RAF personnel who are eligible to apply for membership include those in the aerospace industry who are Companions of the Royal Aeronautical Society (CRAeS).

</doc>
<doc id="2913079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913079" title="Velagoundampatti">
Velagoundampatti

Velagoundampatti is a place in Tamil Nadu, India. It is located on the state highway connecting the district headquarters, Namakkal with the other major town of this area, Thiruchengode. It is located along the State Highways SH-94 stretch, connecting Namakkal with Erode, Tirupur, Coimbatore. 
The temple of Nallayee Amman is located on the state highway, near velgoundampatti police station. The temple is constructed and maintained by the Vellan Chettiar community people. 
Recently (in 2011) the old temple is renovated / reconstructed and the kumbabishekam is performed.
Major Festival : 
"Aadi Perukku" (which falls on 18th Day of Tamil month Aadi, normally on second week of August)

</doc>
<doc id="2913086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913086" title="Marina Kislova">
Marina Kislova

Marina Kislova (born February 7, 1978) is a Russian sprinter.

</doc>
<doc id="2913090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913090" title="Potamogeton natans community">
Potamogeton natans community

__NOTOC__
The "Potamogeton natans" community (NVC community A9) is one of the aquatic communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is a comparatively widely distributed community. There are three subcommunities.
Community composition.
One constant species is found in this community, Broad-leaved Pondweed ("Potamogeton natans").
No rare species are associated with the community.
Distribution.
This community is found widely throughout Britain. 
Subcommunities.
There are three subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2913098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913098" title="Ramjet (Transformers)">
Ramjet (Transformers)

Ramjet is the name of several transformers from the Transformers series. All have been Decepticon aligned characters who turn into jets, usually white.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Ramjet is a Decepticon from the Transformers series and has appeared in the related comics, cartoons and . In the original Transformers, Ramjet was one of the Seekers.
Thrust, Ramjet and Dirge are part of a team dubbed by Transformers fans as the "Coneheads" for the way their animation models were drawn to make them visually distinct from the original Decepticon jets Starscream, Skywarp, and Thundercracker despite their toys being modifications of the same mold used to create that original trio. The toys themselves use the nosecone of the jet to become the head of the robot, but on the original jets the nosecone points back, forming a seemingly normal head. To make the three newer jets distinctive, the show animators illustrated them with the nosecones pointing up in robot mode - despite the fact that this is not how their toy instructions or box art depict them.
The original Ramjet was described as an impulsive but brave warrior who enjoyed crashing into objects and enemies. He carried two cluster bombs and two automatic machine guns. Not given much to thinking before acting, Ramjet often crashed into neutral objects, thus collecting new enemies. These crashes often took their toll on Ramjet's body by causing internal damage.
Marvel Comics.
Although he would not appear personally in the Transformers comic until issue #17, Ramjet's vehicle mode, along with Thrust and Dirge's were being mass-produced under slave labor when Shockwave assumed control of G.B. Blackrock Aircraft Assembly Plant #1 (issues #8-12; the planes seen in issues #11-12). This suggests that the planes were either F-15s redesigned by Shockwave for use as Decepticons or that they were already made from blueprints produced (on Earth) by the Blackrock company. This implies that this is how the three Seekers gained their Earth modes when they eventually came to Earth.
Ramjet first appeared in issue #17 of the U.S. Marvel Transformers comic, acting as a bodyguard for Straxus. He had a much more important role in the Marvel UK storyline "Target: 2006" (which chronologically predates US #17), where he was portrayed as one of the Decepticons' deadliest killers, and one that needed to be taken out by the Autobot commando group the Wreckers to signal a mass-Autobot uprising on Cybertron. The Decepticons had prepared a major offensive to wipe the Autobots out and capture Emirate Xaaron, unaware this was part of the Autobot trap. Megatron's summoning the Insecticons to Earth scuppered both sides plans.
Subsequently, he joined the Decepticons on Earth. He was seen entering Earth via the Spacebridge, alongside Thrust and Dirge around the same time as the Aerialbots were being created. Despite acquitting themselves well against the inexperienced Autobots they were eventually forced to flee when the Aerialbots formed Superion.
Ramjet would also appear among the Decepticon forces in Marvel's G.I. Joe and the Transformers crossover, where he was seen to be destroyed in battle along with his fellow Seeker, Dirge. Ramjet would not be seen in U.S. comics for some time after this.
"Ramjet would serve as part of the Earthbound forces under first Shockwave, then Ratbat, battling both the Autobots and Scorponok's Decepticon faction. When Starscream seized the power of the Underbase, Dirge, Thrust and Ramjet were part of the forces sent against him. Although they were not shown to be deactivated by the villain, they were not seen again in the main continuity, although they would be seen in the U.K. Earthforce tales under the command of Megatron and Shockwave."
Ramjet would appear again in Marvel's Generation 2 comic, possibly revived by nucleon. He was part of the Decepticon forces under Bludgeon, and was seemingly restored to prominence in the Decepticon hierarchy after Megatron's return. He died while fighting the Swarm, consumed completely. Despite being one of the better-known "Generation 2" characters, he appeared sparingly, and in his "Generation 1" color scheme.
Animated series.
In the original Transformers series, Ramjet appeared in Season 2. He made his first appearance in episode #30, "Dinobot Island Part 1." How Ramjet came to Earth was not shown.
Ramjet made regular appearances during the second season. In episode #33,"Auto Berserk" he took part in the air raid on the Autobots' column escorting the Negavator. Megatron ordered to his jet 'Cons to divert the 'Bots from their device so that he could seize it. But Smokescreen used his smoke so as to dazzle the Seekers, and then downed them all, including Ramjet, with his disruptors. Meanwhile Megatron was sitting already in the Negavator's cab. But he had no time to destroy the Autobots because Ramjet fell just on the cab and knocked Megatron out of it. So the Decepticons had to get nothing for their pains again. Ramjet's most notable appearance, however, was in episode #40, "A Decepticon Raider in King Arthur's Court" where several Transformers characters (Starscream, Rumble, Ravage and Ramjet himself) were somehow transported back in time to England of the Middle Ages. During this episode, Ramjet made good use of his name by head-butting a knight. He also participated in a jousting contest, with Rumble atop his nosecone wielding a lance against Spike Witwicky mounted atop Autobot Warpath's turret. After this tournament he together with Rumble helped Starscream to gather all the necessary ingredients for making the gunpowder which the latter wanted to use against the 'Bots and their human allies. At the end of the episode Merlin helped both the Autobots and Decepticons to return to their own time.
Ramjet made brief appearances in - firstly as the Decepticon shot down by Optimus Prime during the battle of Autobot City, and secondly when he was crushed along with Dirge, and Thrust during Unicron's attempted destruction of Cybertron but still appeared in later episodes.
After the movie, Ramjet was thrown against a building and seemingly destroyed by Ultra Magnus, but returned to make small appearances throughout the third season.
One possible explanation for all of Ramjet's deaths may be that the "Ramjets" that died were merely Decepticon "drones" that looked like the original Ramjet since there have been Decepticon "drones" that appeared similar to Thundercracker and Skywarp in the cartoon before.
He last appeared in "Thief in the Night".
Convention Comics.
Ramjet would also play a brief but important role in "Alignment", writer Simon Furman's take on what happened after the comic series ended. After Megatron's battered body was recovered by Soundwave after a duel with Galvatron, Ramjet was one of the conspirators (along with Soundwave, Ravage and Direwolf) who gave some of their spark energy to resurrect Megatron in a more powerful body, allowing him to defeat the forces of the Liege Maximo. This indicates that in some point in the G2 timeline he was resurrected after his death at the hands of the Swarm.
Fun Publications.
Based on the Transformers Classics toy line, the Timelines 2007 story is set 15 years after the end of the Marvel Comics story (ignoring all events of the Marvel U.K. and Generation 2 comics). According to exclusive bio information in the Transformers Collectors' Club magazine #15 Ramjet died when he was attacked by the Underbase empowered Starscream, but Shockwave had made a backup of his engrams. Megatron rebuilt his body and uploaded these engrams to it. Because of flaws in the backup Ramjet is more unstable than ever.
Megatron survived the crash of the Ark on Earth, reformatted himself into a new form and now leads Astrotrain, Laserbeak, Ramjet, Ravage, Skywarp, Soundwave, Starscream and the Constructicons. Optimus Prime has also returned to Earth commanding Bumblebee, Cliffjumper, Grimlock, Jetfire, Mirage and Rodimus (formerly Hot Rod).
In "Crossing Over", when the Cybertronians Skyfall and Landquake arrive on Earth unexpectedly Megatron attempts to destroy them, but Optimus Prime and his Autobots are able to drive Megatron away. Later when the Autobots were inventigating energy readings the Decepticons attacked. Ramjet attacked Jetfire.
In "Transformers: Timelines" volume 2 #2, "Games of Deception" Megatron detects the arrival of Bug-Bite's ship on Earth and sends Starscream, Skywarp and Ramjet to investigate. Ramjet is shot with a cerebro shell by Thrust, putting him under Bugbite's control.
Ramjet appears in "At Fight's End".
Books.
Ramjet appeared in the 1986 story and coloring book "The Lost Treasure of Cybertron" by Marvel Books.
Ramjet was featured in the 1993 "Transformers: Generation 2" coloring book "Decepticon Madness" by Bud Simpson.
Dreamwave Productions.
Ramjet was recruited as a Decepticon under the leadership of Megatron in his war against the Autobots on the planet Cybertron. Ramjet became a member of the elite Seekers under Aerospace Commander Starscream. He often worked with fellow Seekers Dirge and Thrust.
When Shockwave led the Decepticon attack on the Autobot capitol of Iacon 8.2 million years ago, Ramjet was among his troops along with Astrotrain, Blitzwing, Bludgeon, Brawl, Chopshop, Dirge, Frenzy, Octane, Onslaught, Tantrum, Venom and Vortex.
After the Great Shutdown ended, Ramjet was reformatted by Shockwave in the form of an Earth-style jet, becoming one of his bodyguards. After the Great War ended Ramjet was among the Decepticons under the command of Ultra Magnus who were sent on to Earth to capture Optimus Prime's Autobots and return them to Cybertron. When it was revealed that Shockwave was going to kill Optimus Prime and take over Cybertron for himself, Ramjet was among the Decepticons who sided with Shockwave.
Defeated by the Autobots on Cybertron, Shockwave was forced to set up a new secret headquarters in the wastelands of Cybertron, with Astrotrain, Blitzwing, Dirge, Ramjet and Thrust following him. Shockwave completed work on his new warrior, Sixshot. Megatron returned to Cybertron with three clone warriors and the Predacons and was able to defeat Shockwave. Shockwave was kept alive, but restrained. All Shockwave's warriors except Blitzwing, who was destroyed, joined up with Megatron in his plan to invade the Earth .
Devil's Due Publishing.
Ramjet would appear again in the second G.I. Joe vs. the Transformers crossover from Devil's Due Publishing with Dirge, Thrust, Scourge and Cyclonus, acting as bodyguards for Shockwave. When the Dinobots returned from different a time period they routed Shockwave's troops. Ramjet was presumably killed either during this event, or when Cobra Commander detonated a store of explosives inside Starscream, killing everyone present. In this story, Ramjet had not received an Earthen mode and transformed into a Cybertronian jet.
IDW Publishing.
Ramjet made his IDW Publishing debut in a "" issue focusing on him. Following on from his appearance in New Avengers/Transformers, Ramjet was established as a devious schemer with a contempt for Megatron and a desire to overthrow him. Ramjet's grandiose ("non-linear") plan included a facsimile providing him with codes to remotely set off American missiles, causing chaos in which he could take over, and a tracker that could locate other Cybertronians anywhere in the galaxy. From there he planned to harvest Earth's energon, subjugate its population with Micro-Constructicons and construct a Space Bridge. Unfortunately for him, as he was beginning to carry out his plan, he was ambushed by Megatron, who killed him by ripping out his spark, and then took his decapitated head as a trophy.
Fun Publications.
In the "Generation 2 Redux" setting from Fun Publications Ramjet ended up on Earth after the events of the television series, where he worked as muscle for dictators. He took a canister of forestonite from the Autobot Motormouth, which he used to enhance his powers.
Manga.
Ramjet appears in the "Generations 2011" issue #2 "The Fierce Fighting on Planet Nebulos" where he is among the Decepticon forces who ambush the Autobots on Nebulos.
Other media.
"Generation 2" Optimus Prime and Ramjet were featured battling in the trailer for Botcon 2010.
Transformers: Armada.
The name Ramjet appeared again in 2003, as part of the Tidal Wave package in the Transformers: Armada series.
Dreamwave Productions.
Ramjet appeared among the Mini-Cons in issue #18 of the "Transformers: Armada" comic book who aided Over-Run using the Mini-Con Matrix in the defeat of Unicron.
Ramjet's background was explored in the Dreamwave "More Than Meets the Eye" series. In it he was portrayed as a coward he used his partner's sheer bulk to hide behind in battle, influencing his dimmer colleague to chaos and destruction. Ramjet linked up with his partner after a failed operation at an Energon plant left Tidal Wave at death's door. However the Mini-Con was able to forcibly recharge his colleague's systems, powering him up even further - although some believe the only enhancements Ramjet made were in Tidal Wave's mind.
He is immensely fast and maneuverable in jet form, but due to his light armor, he is vulnerable to a direct hit from anti-aircraft fire.
Transformers: Universe.
In 2004, another Ramjet appeared as part of the series and this time was a large toy. It was a recolor of Armada Skywarp. The toy featured a white, blue and red color scheme and was sold along with four Mini-Cons: Gunbarrel, Terradive, Thunderclash and Thunderwing.
Fun Publications.
Ramjet appeared as one of the major characters in the 2005 "Transformers: Cybertron"-based magazine comic story produced by the Transformers Collectors Club. In this continuity he was one of the Heralds of Unicron alongside Nemesis Prime.
Set free by the black hole created by Unicron's death in "", Ramjet and Nemesis Prime journeyed to the nearly deserted Cybertron. Attacking Alpha Trion, Vector Prime and their dimensionally displaced ally Sentinel Maximus, their sinister plan was soon revealed - they intended to use the Dead Matrix to drain the lifeforce of Primus himself and use it to revive their master Unicron.
Using the undead Dark Scorponok as a weapon against the damaged Alpha Trion and manipulating Skyfall to their side, Ramjet and Nemesis Prime led an attack on Primus's spark chamber, only to be confronted by Sentinel Maximus and Vector Prime. As Nemesis Prime entered the chamber, Ramjet and Vector Prime entered into a mighty duel high above Iacon City. Though he was badly wounded himself, Vector Prime defeated Ramjet and used his powers to exile him to another dimension entirely. With Nemesis Prime defeated by the unexpected inter-dimensional arrival of Omega Prime, it seemed that the Heralds' quest was a failure. Unbeknownst to all the Dead Matrix was stolen by Soundwave, who tossed it into the Unicron-created black hole. There what energy it had been able to siphon from Primus reacted with the dead spark of Unicron, and the Chaos-Bringer was born again.
Ramjet appeared in a flashback in "The Coming Storm".
Transformers: Cybertron.
A new Mini-Con named Ramjet was sold in the "Cybertron" line.
Fun Publications.
Apparently not the same character as the Ramjet from "Armada" and "Energon", this Ramjet was one of Thrust's recruits early in the war, helping to overthrow the Mini-Con council. Before this he was a tour guide of Mini-Con colonies on the moons of Cybertron - often dumping his charges in remote areas. During the events of "Cybertron" he put this skill to good use charhing exorbitant fees to Transformers desperate to escape Cybertron and the expanding black hole, only to dump them in Terrorcon infested areas or even into the black hole. Ramjet would pay the price for his ways in the accompanying club comic, however. When Unicron attacked Cybertron in the midst of the Mini-Con civil war, Ramjet was first amongst those killed by the Chaos-Bringer.
Transformers.
Although Ramjet does not appear in the live-action "Transformers" film, he is featured in the expanded toy line.
According to the biography printed in the collected "Reign of Starscream" books he is untrustworthy and would gladly shoot a comrad in the back to get ahead.
IDW Publishing.
In "The Reign of Starscream" part 3 Ramjet appears among the Decepticon troops on Cybertron. In issue #5 Starscream sacrificed the sparks of Crankcase, Elita One, Grindcore, Signal Flare, and Warpath to bring his new Allspark Cube online. Although the cube failed to function Starscream did not have time to find out why as Dreadwing made his bid to overthrow the Decepticons using his army of drones. Most Decepticons sided with Dreadwing, except Thundercracker, who remained loyal to his leader. Crosshairs beheaded Ramjet and the Autobots were able to deactivate the drones as Starscream overcame Dreadwing's remaining forces, including Divebomb.
Note - The appearance of Ramjet is modified in the IDW Publishing stories so that his head more resembles movie's alien style than the movie toy and his Cybertronian alternate mode.
Toys.
All toys of this character are officially licensed from Lockheed Martin.
Transformers Animated.
In "Transformers Animated", Ramjet is one of several clones of Starscream. As each clone inherits one personality trait from Starscream, his is dishonesty. Ramjet is a pathological liar, to the point of sometimes even telling lies that obviously contradict previous lies.
Animated series.
Ramjet defects to Megatron's side when it looks like Starscream has been defeated. He then joins in the counterattack against Omega Supreme, but is quickly overpowered by the giant Autobot.
He shows up again at the end of "Three's a Crowd" when he is flying alongside Lugnut after freeing him of the stasis cuffs. He then "promises" Lugnut not to tell Megatron about what happened.
He returns two episodes later in "Five Servos of Doom." Here, Sentinel Prime is going to exchange various materials for Ramjet to Lockdown, only that the clone manages to bribe Lockdown into betraying Sentinel, taking him as his hostage. After the combined efforts of Optimus Prime, Jazz, and Safeguard (the combined form of Jetfire and Jetstorm) ground him, Optimus and Jazz toss a billboard onto him, seemingly crushing him, Prowl and Lockdown. However, Prowl uses an advanced technique called "Processor over Matter", and saves the three of them, only for Lockdown to escape and for the clone to end up in the Elite Guard's custody.
However, during the Elite Guard ship's return to Cybertron, an electrical storm reactivates an immobilized Swindle. The Decepticon arms dealer frees Ramjet as they and the other Decepticons take the ship. After receiving a helmet from Swindle so that he could tell him and his clone brother Sunstorm apart (and increases his resemblance to "Generation 1" Ramjet), Ramjet is eventually recaptured and brought to Cybertron.
Transformers: War for Cybertron.
Ramjet is a playable character exclusive in the Nintendo DS version of the 2010 video game "". Players can unlock him by entering the code '99871'.

</doc>
<doc id="2913104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913104" title="Russian coast defense ship Gangut (1888)">
Russian coast defense ship Gangut (1888)

Gangut (Russian: броненосец "Гангут") was an Imperial Russian coast defense ship named after the Battle of Gangut. This ship was a scaled down version of the Imperator Aleksandr II class battleships
Design and construction.
The ship was designed as a smaller version of the Imperator Aleksandr II class battleship on the instruction of Navy Minister Ivan Shestakov. The aim was to have a cheaper vessel able to operate in the shallow water of the Baltic Sea with long range deployment to the Mediterranean and the Far East. The specification was issued in 1887 and the design was approved by the Marine Technical Committee in 1888.
She was built by New Admiralty yard, St Petersburg. Construction started on October 29, 1888, and she was launched on July 3, 1893. Completed in 1894, she was 600 tons over her designed displacement which led to an increase in draught and a loss in speed. Her trials were difficult and she had to return to Kronstadt to have repairs after 19 days. Several modernisation schemes to correct the defects were considered but did not proceed due to extensive demands on the Russian shipbuilding industry.
Armament.
The main armament comprised a single 305 mm gun in a barbette mounting at the bow. The secondary armament comprised four 229 mm guns in casemates and four 152mm guns which were not protected. Anti torpedo-boat armament comprised six 47mm guns and twelve 37 mm Hotchkiss guns. There were also four 63 mm landing guns and six torpedo tubes. The Russian Navy considered replacing her 305 mm gun with a 229 mm to reduce weight. Another plan was to replace the secondary armament with new 152 mm Canet guns and leave the 305 mm gun in place.
Protection.
Compound armour was used. The main belt was 2.13 m tall but had only 0.91 m height above the mean water line due to excessive weight. The Russian Navy Marine Technical Kommittee (MTK) considered re-armouring her with a thinner belt of stronger Harvey armour
Machinery.
Two VTE steam engines with 8 cylindrical boilers were installed. The ship also had a complex drainage system with steam turbine pumps. She proved slower than designed with a maximum speed 13.8 knots rather than 15 knots.
Sinking.
She sank on June 12, 1897 during a military exercise after hitting an uncharted pinnacle of rock near Vyborg in the Gulf of Finland in 30m of water. There were no fatalities. A gash along the ships bottom led to both boiler rooms flooding and a loss of power to her pumps. Drawbacks in her design with limited damage stability resulted in ineffective counter-flooding. Bulkheads were poorly riveted leading to leaks. The ship settled and sank slowly on an even keel.
A plan to refloat the ship by the Swedish Neptune Company was not carried out, divers recovered some items from the ship in 1898.
She was not popular in the Imperial Russian Navy. Rear Admiral Birilev, her former captain, is quoted as describing her as ".. a vile ship, it's good that she sank, and it is pointless to raise her" (Warship 2005, Conway's Maritime Press, p. 181)

</doc>
<doc id="2913105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913105" title="Politzer">
Politzer

Politzer is a surname deriving from Politz. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="2913106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913106" title="SCORAD">
SCORAD

SCORAD ("SCORing Atopic Dermatitis") is a clinical tool for assessing the severity (i.e. extent, intensity) of atopic dermatitis as objectively as possible. It gives approximate weights of 60% to intensity and 20% each to spread (extent) and subjective signs (insomnia, etc.).
It was developed by the European Task Force on Atopic Dermatitis in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2913108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913108" title="Leach Botanical Garden">
Leach Botanical Garden

Leach Botanical Garden is a botanical garden located in outer southeast Portland, Oregon. It was acquired by the Portland Park Bureau in 1971.
The garden was established in 1931 as landscaping for the private home of botanist Lilla Leach and pharmacist John Leach, and subsequently donated to the city. The garden was originally named Sleepy Hollow.
Lilla Leach was the first recipient of the Eloise Payne Luquer Medal, awarded by the Garden Club of America in 1950, for distinguished achievement in botany. From 1945 until 1948, she was director of Save the Myrtle Wood, Inc.
The garden currently features a diverse collection of over 2,000 hybrids, cultivars, native and non-native plants, including alpines, medicinal herbs, rock garden plants, camellias, and 40 genera and over 125 species of ferns. Many are labeled. The property is divided by Johnson Creek and most of the land is on an incline. A self-guided tour winds along trails with views of firs, ferns, and wildflowers. The garden's director is David Porter.

</doc>
<doc id="2913131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913131" title="Marek Plawgo">
Marek Plawgo

Marek Plawgo (born 25 February 1981 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish athlete. He mainly competes in the 400 meters hurdles, but he also starts in the 400 meters and the 4 x 400 meters relay.
Although Plawgo lives in Bytom, he represents KS Warszawianka Warszawa. His most important event is the 400 meters hurdles. He is the holder of the national record of Poland with 48.12s. gained during the 2007 World Championships in Osaka. Plawgo also holds the Polish indoor record in the flat 400 meters with his time of 45.39, which was achieved during the 2002 European Indoor Championships in Vienna. He's a multiple-time champion of Poland in the 400 meters hurdles. In this event, the KS Warszawianka athlete finished the national championships first in 2001, 2003 and in the years 2005-2009.
Introduction to the career.
Before starting the professional career, in 2000, Plawgo won the gold medal at the World Junior Championships in Santiago the Chile and finished third with his colleagues from the 4x400 meters relay. Several months later in Osaka, the 19-year-old Pole gained a great time of 48.16s and broke the national record of Paweł Januszewski (48.17s.). The achievement was repeated by Plawgo in the semi-final of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Career as a senior athlete.
At the 2002 European Indoor Championships in Vienna, the Pole was first in the 400 meters and won another gold in the 4x400 meters relay. The line-up of the Polish relay was Plawgo, Piotr Rysiukiewicz, Artur Gąsiewski and Robert Maćkowiak. One year later, at the European U-23 Championships in Bydgoszcz, Plawgo finished first with a good result of 48.45s.
Quite disappointing for Plawgo could be the 2004 Summer Olympics. The sportsman from Bytom was one of the Polish medal hopes. However, the best he could achieve was the 6th place in the Olympic Final. Plawgo was also a member of the Polish 4x400 meters relay (Piotr Klimczak, Marcin Marciniszyn, Plawgo and Rysiukiewicz) which didn't manage to qualify to the final and was classified on the 10th position.
During the 2006 European Championships in Goeteborg, Plawgo won a silver medal in the 400 meters hurdles. His result in the final was 48.71s. One year later, in June, the Pole finised second at the Super League in Munich. Originally, the winner, Periklís Iakovákis, was disqualified by the judges but later the decision was altered and the Greek remained first.
The World Championships in Osaka.
The biggest success of Plawgo in the professional career was achieved in 2007, during the World Championships in Osaka. The Japanese city, in which he set the national record in 2000, remained lucky for the hurdler and he finished the competitions with two bronze medals. First of them was won, obviously, in the 400 meters hurdles. The Pole was outpaced only by the Dominicanian legend Felix Sanchez (silver medal - 48.01s.) and magnificent Kerron Clement who finished first with 47.61s., establishing the best 2007 result in this event. Plawgo broke his own record of Poland with 48.12s. The Polish 4x400 meters relay was third in the final with 3:00:05, losing to the USA (2:55:56) and Bahamas (2:59:18). The final line-up was Plawgo, Daniel Dąbrowski, Marciniszyn and Kacper Kozłowski.
After the successful 2007.
After the championships in Osaka, Plawgo won three meetings. The most valuable victory was the first position at the Golden League meeting in Berlin, with 49.01s. The most successful year in the '81 born sportsman's career was crowned by winning the IAAF World Final in Stuttgart with satisfying 48.36s. Plawgo was granted the prize of the best athlete of September 2007 by the European Association of Athletics. He was classified on the second position by "Track and Fields News" magazine in their ranking of the best 400 meters hurdles runners in 2007 and on the third place in the IAAF world ranking. What's more, Plawgo came 7th in the contest of "Przegląd Sportowy" (the only sport daily newspaper in Poland) and was the winner of "Złote Kolce" contest in 2007.
Before the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing, Plawgo became a medal hope of Polish fans again. Unfortunately, several weeks before the Olympic Games beginning, the Polish athlete caught an injury of his foot, which complicated his preparations to the most significant competitions of the season. Nevertheless, Plawgo made a good impression in Beijing. He repeated his '2004 performance and finished 6th with 48.52s.

</doc>
<doc id="2913150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913150" title="Andrew Lang (basketball)">
Andrew Lang (basketball)

Andrew Charles Lang Jr. (born June 28, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA.
After a four-year career at the University of Arkansas, Lang was selected by the Phoenix Suns as the 3rd pick in the 2nd round (28th overall) of the 1988 NBA draft. He quickly developed a reputation as a proficient shotblocker. For years, he maintained the fourth all-time NBA record of one blocked shot every 9.12 minutes.
Lang was traded in 1992 (along with Jeff Hornacek and Tim Perry) to the Philadelphia 76ers for NBA All-Star forward Charles Barkley.
This journeyman center also played for the Atlanta Hawks, Minnesota Timberwolves, Milwaukee Bucks, Chicago Bulls and New York Knicks before retiring in 2000. He finished his career averaging 6.0 points, 4.8 rebounds and 1.5 blocked shots per game.
Lang is the 55th all time leading shotblocker in NBA history.
He is known infamously in New York for a 1997 incident at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee, involving Knicks star center Patrick Ewing. After a midair collision with Lang, Ewing fell on his wrist and did not return until the second round of the playoffs. Ewing never again regained his All-Star form after that injury. Ironically, Lang later signed with the Knicks to be Ewing's backup at the center position.
Lang is a Christian evangelist and is currently employed by the Atlanta Hawks as the team chaplain. Lang lives in Marietta, Georgia with his wife, Bronwyn. His son Trey plays college basketball for the UMass Minutemen. His other son, Chad, plays college basketball for the Belmont Bruins.

</doc>
<doc id="2913156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913156" title="Lorenzo de Tonti">
Lorenzo de Tonti

Lorenzo de Tonti (c. 1602 - c. 1684) was a governor of Gaeta, Italy and a Neapolitan banker. He is sometimes credited with the invention of the tontine, a form of life insurance, although it has also been suggested that he simply modified existing procedures.
Around 1650, he and his wife, Isabelle di Lietto, gave birth to their first son, the future explorer Henri de Tonti, Enrico Tonti. Shortly afterwards, Tonti was involved in a revolt against a Spanish viceroy in Naples and had to seek political asylum in France. In Paris, the family gave birth to their second son, Alphonse de Tonty, who later helped establish Detroit, Michigan.
For reasons unknown, Louis XIV had him imprisoned in the Bastille from 1668 to 1675. Around 1684, he died in obscurity of unknown causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2913162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913162" title="Himalchuli">
Himalchuli

Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal, part of the Nepalese Himalayas. It lies south of Manaslu, one of the Eight-thousanders. Himalchuli has three main peaks: East (7893 m), West (7540 m) and North (7371 m). It is also often written as two words, "Himal Chuli".
Himalchuli is the 18th highest mountain in the world
(using a cutoff of 500m prominence, or re-ascent). Himalchuli is also notable for its large vertical relief over local terrain. For example, it rises 7000m over the Marsyangdi River to the southwest in about horizontal distance.
Climbing history.
Exploratory visits to the peak were made in 1950 and 1954, and a first attempt in 1955 failed early on. Further reconnaissance and attempts followed in 1958 and 1959.
The first ascent was made in 1960, by Hisashi Tanabe and Masahiro Harada, of Japan. The route followed the "Sickle Ridge" from the southwest. They first climbed to the saddle between the West and Main peaks, where they placed the last of six camps. This ascent was somewhat unusual for a sub-8000m peak in using bottled oxygen. 
The Himalayan Index lists five other ascents of this peak, and 10 additional unsuccessful attempts. The ascents were by various routes on the south, southwest, ans southeast sides of the mountain.
The West Peak was first climbed in 1978 by two members of a Japanese expedition to the main peak of Himalchuli. They climbed from the south (the Dordi Khola) and approached the summit of the West Peak from the east.
The North Peak was first climbed in 1985 by a Korean expedition, via the North Face.

</doc>
<doc id="2913170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913170" title="Roux-en-Y">
Roux-en-Y

Roux-en-Y may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2913172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913172" title="Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden">
Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden

Crystal Springs Rhododendron Gardens are botanical gardens located between Reed College and the Eastmoreland Golf Course in southeastern Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The gardens, at Southeast 28th Avenue and Woodstock Boulevard, cover , and are named for Crystal Springs Creek, which flows along its western side. Crystal Springs Gardens feature more than 2,500 rhododendrons, azaleas, and other plants in a setting of small lakes, paved and unpaved paths, fountains, and small waterfalls.
The gardens are open daily from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. from April through September and from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. from October through March. Admission is $3 from March through Labor Day and free from Labor Day through the end of February.
The project began in 1950 as a rhododendron test garden on a site previously covered with brush, blackberries, native trees, and the remnants of a Shakespeare theater developed by students of Reed College. In 1964, the park's name was officially changed to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden.
In addition to the manicured areas that make up most of the gardens, patches of less orderly shrubs, upland forest, marsh vegetation, and submerged logs attract wildlife, especially waterfowl, most prevalent in winter. The Rhododendron Society has counted 94 species in the garden, including grebes, herons, ducks, Canada geese, wigeons, gulls, thrushes, nuthatches, hummingbirds, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2913178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913178" title="Gustaf Lindström">
Gustaf Lindström

Gustaf Lindström (27 August 1829 - 16 May 1901) was a Swedish paleontologist.
He was born in Visby on Gotland. In 1848 he entered Uppsala University, and in 1854 he took his doctor's degree. Having attended a course of lectures in Stockholm by Sven Lovén, he became interested in the zoology of the Baltic, and published several papers on the invertebrate fauna, and subsequently on the fishes. In 1856 he became a school teacher, and in 1858 a master in the grammar school at Visby.
His leisure was devoted to researches on the fossils of the Silurian rocks of Gotland, including the corals, brachiopods, gastropods including pteropods, cephalopods and Crustacea. He described also remains of the fish "Cyathaspis" from Wenlock Beds with Tamerlan Thorell, a scorpion "Palaeaphonus" from Ludlow Beds at Wisby. He determined the true nature of the operculated coral.
He was awarded the Murchison Medal by the Geological Society of London in 1895. In 1876 he was appointed professor and keeper of the Paleozoological department of the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, where he died in 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="2913184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913184" title="Iryna Yatchenko">
Iryna Yatchenko

Iryna Vasiliyevna Yatchenko (, ; born October 31, 1965) is a Belarusian former discus thrower best known for winning two Olympic bronze medals at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics. She also became world champion at the 2003 World Championships in Athletics. Her personal best is 69.14 metres, achieved in July 2004 in Minsk.
Yatchenko was born in Gomel. Her career at the highest level of competition lasted almost twenty years, starting with the 1990 European Athletics Championships. She threw the discus at five editions of the Olympic Games, competing at all Games from the 1992 Barcelona Games to the 2008 Beijing Olympics. Yatchenko's World Championship career was similarly extensive, as she took part on eight separate occasions.
Yatchenko's final major competition was the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but she failed to register a valid throw in the qualifying rounds. She retired from international competition in June 2010 and the Belarus National Olympic Committee held a ceremony to honour her career. At the age of 44, she was one of the last athletes to retire who had previously represented the Soviet Union in international athletics.
Yatchenko is married to Igor Astapkovich, a hammer thrower.

</doc>
