<doc id="2884358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884358" title="Battle of Messines (1917)">
Battle of Messines (1917)

The Battle of Messines was an offensive conducted by the British Second Army, under the command of General Sir Herbert Plumer, on the Western Front near the village of Messines in Belgian West Flanders during the First World War. The Nivelle offensive in April and May had failed to achieve its more ambitious aims and this had resulted in the demoralisation of French troops and the dislocation of the Anglo-French strategy for 1917. The offensive at Messines forced the German Army to move reserves to Flanders from the Arras and Aisne fronts, which relieved pressure on the French Army. The tactical objective of the attack at Messines was to capture the German defences on the ridge, which ran from Ploegsteert ("Plugstreet") Wood in the south through Messines and Wytschaete to Mt. Sorrel, to deprive the German Fourth Army of the high ground south of Ypres. The ridge commanded the British defences and back areas further north, from which the British intended to conduct the "Northern Operation", to advance to Passchendaele Ridge, then capture the Belgian coast up to the Dutch frontier.
The Second Army contained five corps, of which three conducted the attack and two remained on the northern flank, not engaged in the main operation; the XIV Corps was available in General Headquarters reserve ("GHQ reserve"). The German Fourth Army divisions of ("Group Wytschaete") held the ridge, which were later reinforced by a division from . The battle began with the detonation of mines, which devastated the German front line defences, followed by a creeping barrage deep, covering the British troops as they secured the ridge, with support from tanks, cavalry patrols and aircraft. The effectiveness of the British mines, barrages and bombardments was improved by advances in artillery survey, flash-spotting and centralised control of artillery from the Second Army headquarters. British attacks from advanced the front line beyond the former German (Oosttaverne) line. The Battle of Messines was a prelude to the much larger Third Battle of Ypres campaign, the preliminary bombardment for which began on 11 July 1917.
Background.
British plans 1916–1917.
In 1916, the British planned to clear the German army from the Belgian coast to prevent them from using the coastal ports as bases from which to attack merchant ships and troop transports in the North Sea and English Channel. In January 1916, General Sir Herbert Plumer recommended to Field Marshal Sir Douglas Haig the capture of Messines Ridge (part of the southern arc of the Ypres Salient) before an operation to capture the Gheluvelt plateau further north.
The Flanders campaign was postponed, because of the German offensive at Verdun and the demands of the Battle of the Somme. When it became apparent that the Nivelle Offensive ( May 1917) had failed to achieve its most ambitious objectives, Haig instructed the Second Army to capture the Messines–Wytschaete Ridge as soon as possible. Haig intended to force the Germans to move troops away from the French armies on the Aisne front, where demoralisation amid the failure of the Nivelle Offensive had led to a number of mutinies. British operations in Flanders would relieve pressure on the French Army, as the Battle of the Somme had done. The capture of Messines Ridge would give the British control of the strategically important ground on the southern flank of the Ypres Salient, shorten the front, deprive the Germans of observation over British positions further north, and would occupy ground from which the British could observe the southern slope of Menin Ridge at the west end of the Gheluvelt plateau, in preparation for a larger offensive in the Ypres Salient.
The front line around Ypres had changed relatively little since the end of the Second Battle of Ypres ( May 1915). The British held the city, while the Germans held the high ground of the Messines–Wytschaete Ridge to the south, the lower ridges to the east and the flat ground to the north. The Ypres front was a salient bulging into the German lines but was overlooked by German artillery observers on the higher ground. The British had little ground observation of the German rear areas and valleys east of the ridges.
The ridges ran north and east from Messines, above sea-level at its highest point, past "Clapham Junction" at the west end of the Gheluvelt plateau, from Ypres at and Gheluvelt which was above to Passchendaele, from Ypres at above sea-level, declining from there to a plain further north. Gradients varied from negligible, to at Hooge and at Zonnebeke. Underneath the soil was London clay, sand and silt. Messines Ridge was "well-balanced soil", drained by many streams, canals and ditches, which needed regular maintenance. Since the First Battle of Ypres in 1914, much of the drainage in the area had been destroyed by artillery-fire, although some repairs had been achieved by army Land Drainage Companies brought from England. The area was considered by the British to be drier than Loos, Givenchy and Plugstreet Wood further south.
Prelude.
British offensive preparations.
The Second Army devised a centralised artillery plan of great sophistication, following the practice established at the Battle of Arras in April 1917. The use of field survey, gun calibration, weather data and a new and highly accurate map, gave British artillery much improved accuracy. Target-finding became systematic, with the use of new sound-ranging equipment, better organisation of flash-spotting and the communication of results through the Army Report Centre at Locre Château. Second Army counter-battery artillery bombardments increased from twelve in the week ending 19 April, to in the last ten days before the attack. A survey of captured ground after the battle found that of the German artillery positions had been plotted. The 2nd Field Survey Company also assisted the mining companies by establishing the positions of objectives within the German lines, using intersection and a special series of aerial photographs. The company surveyed advanced artillery positions, so that guns moving forward to them once the battle had begun could begin firing as soon as they arrived at the positions.
The British had begun a mining offensive against the German-held (sic) salient in 1916. Sub-surface conditions were especially complex and separate ground water tables made mining difficult. To overcome the technical difficulties, two military geologists assisted the miners from March 1916, including Edgeworth David, who planned the system of mines. Sappers dug the tunnels into a layer of "blue clay" below the surface, then drifted galleries for to points deep underneath Group Wytschaete's front lines, despite German counter-mining. German tunnellers came within metres of several British mine chambers, found the mine at la Petite Douve Farm and wrecked the chamber with a camouflet. The British diverted the attention of German miners from their deepest galleries, by making many secondary attacks in the upper levels. Co-ordinated by tunnelling companies of the Royal Engineers, Canadian, Australian, New Zealand and British miners laid with of ammonal explosive. The British knew of the importance the Germans placed on holding the salient, a captured corps order from stating "that the salient be held at all costs" was received by Haig on 1 June. In the week before the attack, and howitzers bombarded the German trenches, cut wire, destroyed strong-points and conducted counter-battery fire against German artillery pieces, using .
In May, the 4th Australian, 11th and 24th divisions were moved north from Arras, to become reserve divisions for those corps in the Second Army which were preparing to attack Messines Ridge. Seventy-two of the new Mark IV tanks also arrived in May and were hidden south-west of Ypres. British aircraft began to move north from the Arras front, the total rising to about aircraft in II Brigade in the Second Army area. The mass of artillery to be used in the attack was supported by many artillery observation and photographic reconnaissance aircraft, in corps squadrons which had been increased from twelve to eighteen aircraft. Strict enforcement of wireless procedures allowed a reduction of the minimum distance between observation aircraft from at Arras in April 1917 to at Messines, without mutual wireless interference. Wire-cutting began on 21 May and an extra two days were added to the bombardment for more counter-battery fire. The main bombardment began on 31 May, with only one day of poor weather before the attack. Two flights of each observation squadron concentrated on counter-battery observation and one became a "bombardment flight", working with particular artillery '"bombardment groups" for wire-cutting and trench-destruction; these flights became "contact-patrol flights" intended to observe the positions of British troops once the assault began. The attack barrage was rehearsed on 3 June to allow British air observers to plot masked German batteries, which mainly remained hidden but many minor flaws in the British barrage were reported. A repeat performance on 5 June induced a larger number of hidden German batteries to reveal themselves.
The 25th Division made its preparations on a front from the Wulverghem–Messines road to the Wulverghem–Wytschaete road, facing of the German front line, which tapered to the final objective wide at the near crest of the ridge, distant, behind nine German defensive lines. The advance would begin up a short rise to the near edge of the Steenbeek Valley, then up the steep rise from the valley floor between Hell and Sloping Roof Farms to Four Huns, Chest and Middle Farms on the main ridge, with Lumm Farm on the left flank of the objective. Artillery emplacements for the 25th divisional artillery and 112th Army Field Brigade were built and the Guards Division field artillery was placed in concealed forward positions. Road making and the construction of dug-outs and communication trenches took place between and between . An assembly trench was dug from the German front line, in three hours on the night of May, complete with communication trenches and barbed wire. Bridges and ladders were delivered in the two days before the attack. of telephone cable was dug in at least deep, which withstood fifty German artillery hits before the British attack.
Large numbers of posts, from which machine-guns were to fire an "overhead barrage" were built and protective pits were dug for mules, which were to carry loads of rounds of ammunition to advanced troops. Three field companies of engineers with a pioneer battalion were kept in reserve, to follow up the attacking infantry and rebuild roads and work on defensive positions as ground was consolidated. The artillery in support of the division devised a creeping and standing barrage plan and time-table, tailored to the estimated rates of advance of the infantry units. The standing barrage lifts were to keep all trenches within of the infantry under continuous fire and targets fired on by howitzer, howitzer and howitzers were to change from them only when infantry got within . The 18-pounder () field gun standing barrages would then jump over the creeping barrages, to the next series of objectives. The concealed guns of the Guards Division field artillery were to join the creeping barrage for the advance at and at the 112th Army Field Brigade was to advance to the old front line, to be ready for an anticipated German counter-attack by .
The 47th Division planned to attack with two brigades, each reinforced by a battalion from the reserve brigade, along either side of the Ypres–Comines Canal. Large numbers of machine-guns were organised to fire offensive and defensive barrages and signal detachments were organised to advance with the infantry. An observation balloon was reserved for messages by signal lamp from the front line, as insurance against the failure of telephone lines and message-runners. The divisional trench mortar batteries were to bombard the German front line opposite the 142nd Brigade, where it was too close for the artillery to shell without endangering British troops. Wire-cutting began in mid-May, against considerable local retaliation by German artillery. At the end of May the two attacking brigades began training at Steenvoorde, on practice courses built to resemble the German positions to be attacked, using air reconnaissance photographs to mark the positions of machine-gun posts and hidden barbed wire. Divisional intelligence summaries were used to plan the capture of German company and battalion headquarters. The 140th Brigade with four tanks attached, was to occupy White Château and the adjacent part of "Damstrasse", while the 142nd Brigade attacked the spoil heaps and the canal bank to the left. On 1 June the British artillery began the intense stage of preparatory bombardment for trench-destruction and wire cutting and the two attacking brigades assembled for the attack from June.
British fighter aircraft tried to prevent German aircraft observing for their artillery, by dominating the air from the British front line to the German balloon line, about beyond. Better aircraft like the Bristol F.2 Fighter, Royal Aircraft Factory S.E.5 and the naval Sopwith Triplane had entered service since Arras and matched the performance of the German Albatros D.III and Halberstadt D.II fighters. The "barrage line" was patrolled all day for the week before the attack, by fighters at with more at in the centre of the attack front. No British corps aircraft were shot down by German aircraft until 7 June, when aircraft were able to direct artillery fire simultaneously over the three attacking corps. Behind the barrage line lay a second line of defence, which used wireless interception to take bearings on German artillery observation aircraft and guide British aircraft into areas where German flights were most frequent. By June 1917, each British army had a "control post" of two "aeroplane compass stations" and an "aeroplane intercepting station", linked by telephone to the army wing headquarters, fighter squadrons, the anti-aircraft commander and the corps heavy artillery headquarters.
The new anti-aircraft communication links allowed areas threatened by German bombardment to be warned, German artillery spotting aircraft to be attacked, and German artillery batteries to be fired on when they revealed themselves. From , II Brigade had through wireless interception, shot down one German aircraft, damaged seven and stopped artillery bombardments. Normal offensive patrols continued beyond the barrage line out to a line from Ypres to Roulers and Menin, where large formations of British and German aircraft clashed in long dogfights, once German air reinforcements began operating in the area. Longer-range bombing and reconnaissance flights concentrated on German-occupied airfields and railway stations and the night bombing specialists of No. 100 Squadron RFC attacked trains around Lille, Courtrai, Roulers and Comines. Two squadrons were reserved for close air support on the battlefield and low attacks on German airfields.
Plan of attack.
The British planned to advance on a front, from St. Yves to Mt. Sorrel east to the Oosttaverne line, a maximum depth of . Three intermediate objectives to be reached a day at a time became halts, where fresh infantry would leap-frog through to gain the ridge in one day. In the afternoon a further advance down the ridge was to be made. The attack was to be conducted by three corps of the Second Army (General Sir Herbert Plumer): II Anzac Corps in the south-east was to advance , IX Corps in the centre was to attack on a front, which would taper to at the summit, and X Corps in the north had an attack front of . The corps planned their attacks under the supervision of the army commander, using as guides, the analyses of the Somme operations of 1916 and successful features of the attack at Arras on 9 April. Great care was taken in the planning of counter-battery fire, the artillery barrage time-table and machine-gun barrages.
German artillery positions and the second line were not visible to British ground observers. For observation over the rear slopes of the ridge, were concentrated in II Brigade RFC and eight balloons of II Kite Balloon Wing were placed behind the British front line. The Second Army artillery commander, Major-General George Franks, co-ordinated the corps artillery plans, particularly the heavy artillery arrangements to suppress German artillery, which were devised by the corps and divisional artillery commanders. The Second Army Report Centre at Locre Château was linked by buried cable to each corps report centre, corps heavy artillery headquarters, divisional artillery headquarters, RFC squadrons, balloon headquarters, survey stations and wireless stations. Responsibility for counter-battery fire was given to a counter-battery staff officer with a small staff who concentrated exclusively on the defeat of the German artillery. A conference was held each evening by the counter-battery staffs of divisions and corps, methodically to collate the day's reports from observation aircraft and balloons, field survey companies, sound ranging sections and forward observation officers. Each corps had a counter-battery area, which was divided into zones and allotted to heavy artillery groups. Each heavy artillery group headquarters divided their zones into map squares, which were allotted to artillery batteries, required to be ready swiftly to open fire on them.
The attacking corps organised their heavy artillery within the army plan according to local conditions. II Anzac Corps created four counter-battery groups, each with one heavy artillery group and IX Corps arranged four similar groups and five bombardment groups, one for each of the three IX Corps divisions making the initial attack and two (with the heaviest howitzers) in reserve, under the control of the corps heavy artillery commander. A Heavy Artillery Group Commander was attached to each divisional artillery headquarters, to command the heavy artillery once the infantry attack began. Field artillery arrangements within corps also varied, in IX Corps groups and sub-groups were formed so that infantry brigades had an artillery liaison officer and two sub-groups, one with six batteries and one with six batteries. Surplus field artillery brigade headquarters planned forward moves for the guns and were kept ready to replace casualties. It was expected that much of the artillery would need to switch rapidly from the bombardment plan to engage counter-attacking German infantry. It was planned that the Forward Observation Officers of the divisions in the first attack onto the ridge would control the artillery which had remained in place, and the reserve divisions advancing down the far slope to the Oosttaverne line would control the artillery hidden close to the front line and the artillery which advanced into no-man's-land.
Franks planned to neutralise German guns within of the attack front. On the flanks of the British attack front of , guns had been located, for which guns ( the German total) were set aside. The guns in the path of the attack were each to be engaged by a British gun, a formula which required guns and howitzers to be reserved for counter-battery fire. Every of front had a medium or heavy howitzer for bombardment, which required , with guns and howitzers () deployed with the field artillery that was due to fire the creeping and standing barrages. Franks devised a bombardment timetable and added arrangements for a massed machine-gun barrage. The and heavy guns and howitzers were organised in forty groups and the guns and howitzers in sixty-four field artillery brigades within the attacking divisions and thirty-three Army field artillery brigades, divided among the three attacking corps. Ammunition weighing was delivered with for each , per howitzer, for each medium and heavy piece and another and shells for the field guns.
Two thirds of the were to fire a creeping barrage of shrapnel immediately ahead of the advance, while the remainder of the field guns and howitzers were to fire a standing barrage, further ahead on German positions and lift to the next target, when the infantry came within of the barrage. Each division was given four extra batteries of field artillery, which could be withdrawn from the barrage at the divisional commander's discretion to engage local targets. The field batteries of the three reserve divisions were placed in camouflaged positions, close to the British front line. As each objective was taken by the infantry, the creeping barrage was to pause ahead and become a standing barrage, while the infantry consolidated. During this time the pace of fire was to slacken to one round per-gun per-minute, allowing the gun-crews a respite, before resuming full intensity as the barrage moved on. The heavy and super-heavy artillery was to fire on German artillery positions and rear areas and were to fire a barrage over the heads of the advancing troops.
At the mines would be detonated, followed by the attack of nine divisions onto the ridge. The blue line (first objective) was to be occupied by followed by a two-hour pause. At the advance to the black line (second objective) would begin and consolidation was to start by . Fresh troops from the unengaged brigades of the attacking divisions or from the reserve divisions would then pass through, to attack the Oosttaverne line at . As soon as the black line was captured, all guns were to bombard the Oosttaverne line, conduct counter-battery fire and place a standing barrage beyond the black line. All operational tanks were to join with the in reserve, to support the infantry advance to the Oosttaverne line.
German defensive preparations.
The Messines defences were on a forward slope, overlooked from Haubourdin Hill south of the Douve valley and Kemmel Hill, west of , an arrangement which the experience of 1916 showed to be obsolete. A new line incorporating the revised principles of defence derived from the experience of the Battle of the Somme, known as , was begun in February 1917. The first section began six miles behind Messines Ridge, running north from the Lys to Linselles then Werviq and Beselare, where the nearest areas giving good artillery observation to the west were found. In April, Field Marshal Crown Prince Rupprecht and his chief of staff, Lieutenant-General Hermann von Kuhl, favoured withdrawal to the "Warneton" (third) line, before a British attack. The local divisional commanders objected, due to their belief that counter-mining had neutralised the British underground threat and in the "Warneton" line's inadequacy. The convex eastern slope limited artillery observation, and the canal and the river Lys restricted the space below the ridge where infantry could manoeuvre during counter-attacks. British observation from the ridge would make the ground to the east untenable as far as six miles beyond. A withdrawal that far would uncover the southern slopes of Menin Ridge, which was the most vital part of the German Flanders position. Rupprecht re-examined the "Warneton" (third) line and the extra line ("Oosttaverne line" to the British) between the "Warneton" line and the (second) line and dropped the withdrawal proposal.
Opposite Plumer's Second Army was of three divisions under the command of the headquarters of XIX Corps, led by General Maximilian von Laffert, holding the ridge, which was part of the Fourth Army commanded by General Friedrich Bertram Sixt von Armin. The ridge garrison was reinforced with the 24th Division in early May. The 35th and 3rd Bavarian divisions were brought up as "Eingreif" divisions and was substantially reinforced with artillery, ammunition and aircraft. The vulnerability of the northern end of Messines Ridge where it met Menin Ridge, led to the German command limiting the frontage of the 204th ("Württemberg") Division to . The 24th Division to the south held and the 2nd Division at held . In the south-east, of the front line either side of the river Douve, was defended by the 40th Division. The front-line was lightly held, with fortifications distributed up to half a mile behind the front line. At the end of May the effect of British artillery fire was so bad that the 24th and 40th divisions were relieved from the line by the 35th and 3rd Bavarian divisions, which were replaced by the 7th and 1st Guard Reserve divisions in early June. Relief of the 2nd Division was promised for June.
The German front line regiments held areas wide with one () battalion forward, one () battalion in support and the third in reserve back. The battalion usually had three companies in the front system (which had three lines of breastworks called "Ia", "Ib" and "Ic") and one in the (intermediate) line (with a company of the support battalion, available for immediate counter-attack) between the front system and the (second) line on the ridge crest. The other three companies of the support battalion sheltered in the (second) line. About machine-gun posts per regimental sector were dispersed around the defensive zone. The German defence was intended to be mobile and in "Ic" the third breastwork, were to conduct immediate counter-attacks to recapture "Ia" and "Ib" if possible. If they had to fall back, the support battalions would advance to restore the front system, except at Spanbroekmolen Hill, which due to its importance was to be held (at all costs).
On 8 May the British preliminary bombardment began and on 23 May became much heavier. The breastworks of the front defences were demolished and concrete shelters on both sides of the ridge were systematically destroyed. Air superiority allowed the British artillery observation aircraft to cruise over the German defences, despite the defensive efforts of the Richthofen Circus. On 26 May the German front garrisons were ordered to move forward , into shell-holes in no-man's-land at dawn and return to their shelters at night. When the shelters were destroyed, shell-hole positions were made permanent as were those of the companies further back. Troops in the (second) line were withdrawn behind the ridge. By the end of May the front battalions were being changed every two days instead of every five, due to the effect of the British bombardment. Some German troops on the ridge were convinced of the mine danger and their morale was depressed further by the statement of a prisoner taken on 6 June, that the attack would be synchronised with mine explosions. On 1 June the British bombardment became more intense and nearly every German defensive position on the forward slope was obliterated. The Luftstreitkräfte effort reached its maximum from 4–5 June, when German aircraft observed counter-battery shoots and wireless interception by the British showed German aircraft, escorted by up to seven fighters each, directing artillery fire against the Second Army. British air observation on the reverse slope was less effective than in the foreground but and villages were demolished, as were much of the and lines, although many pill boxes survived. Long-range fire on Comines, Warneton, Wervicq and villages, road junctions, railways and bridges caused much damage and a number of ammunition dumps were destroyed.
Battle.
Second Army.
Fine weather was forecast for 4 June, with perhaps a morning haze (between June the weather was "fair" or "fine" except for , when it was "very bad"). Zero Day was fixed for 7 June, with zero hour at , when it was expected that a man could be seen at . There was a thunderstorm in the evening of 6 June but by midnight the sky had cleared and at British aircraft cruised over the German lines, to camouflage the sound of tanks as they drove to their starting points. By the attacking troops had reached their jumping-off positions unnoticed, except for some in the II Anzac Corps area. Routine British artillery night-firing stopped around half an hour before dawn and birdsong could be heard. At the mines began to detonate. After the explosions the British artillery began to fire at maximum rate. A creeping barrage in three belts deep began and counter-battery groups bombarded all known German artillery positions with gas shell. The nine attacking divisions and the three in reserve began their advance, as the German artillery reply came scattered and late, falling on British assembly trenches after they had been vacated.
First objective (blue line).
The II Anzac Corps objective was the southern part of the ridge and Messines village. The 3rd Australian Division on the right, had been disorganised by a German gas bombardment on Ploegsteert ("Plugstreet") Wood around midnight, which caused during the approach march but the attack between St. Yves and the river Douve began on time. The 9th and 10th Brigades benefitted from four mine explosions at Trenches , which were seven seconds early and left craters wide and deep. The craters disrupted the Australian attack formation, some infantry lines merging into a wave before reforming as they advanced. The New Zealand Division approached over and avoided the German gas bombardment. The two attacking brigades crossed the dry river bed of the Steenebeke and took the German front line, despite the abandonment of the mine at Petit Douve Farm and then advanced towards Messines village. On the left of the corps the 25th Division began its advance further back than the New Zealand Division but quickly caught up, helped by the mine at Ontario Farm.
On the right of IX Corps, the 36th Division attack on the front of the 107th Brigade, was supported by three mines at Kruisstraat and the big mine at Spanbroekmolen, further north. The 109th Brigade on the left was helped by a mine at Peckham House. The devastated area was crossed without resistance, German survivors being stunned by the mine explosions. The 16th Division attacked between Maedelstede Farm and the Vierstraat–Wytschaete road. The mines at Maedelstede and the two at Petit Bois devastated the defence; the mines at Petit Bois on the left were about late and knocked over some of the advancing British infantry. On the left of IX Corps, the 19th Division, north of the road, attacked with two brigades into the remains of Grand Bois and Bois Quarante. Three mines at Hollandscheschuur allowed the infantry to take a dangerous salient at "Nag's Nose", as German survivors surrendered or retreated.
X Corps had a relatively short advance of to the crest and another across the summit, which would expose the German defences further north on the southern slope of the Gheluvelt plateau and the ground back to Zandvoorde to British ground observation. The German defences had been strengthened and had about double the normal infantry garrison. The German artillery concentration around Zandvoorde made a British attack in the area highly vulnerable but the British counter-battery effort suppressed the German artillery, its replies being late and ragged. On the night of , gaps were cut in the British wire to allow the troops to assemble in no-man's-land, ready to attack at The 41st Division attacked with two brigades past a mine under the St. Eloi salient, finding the main obstacle to be wreckage caused by the explosion. The 47th and 23rd Divisions formed the left defensive flank of the attack, advancing onto the ridge around the Ypres–Comines canal and railway, past the mines at Caterpillar and Hill 60. The cuttings of the canal and railway were a warren of German dug-outs but the 47th Division crossed the of the German front position in , close up to the creeping barrage, German infantry surrendering along the way. Soft ground in the valley south of Mt. Sorrel, led the two infantry brigades of the 23rd Division to advance on either side, up to the near crest of the ridge, arriving while the ground still shook from the mines at 
In the areas of the mine explosions the British infantry found dead, wounded and stunned German soldiers. The attack swept through the gaps in the German defences, as Germans further back hurriedly withdrew. About British troops advanced up the slope, helped by the creeping bombardment, which threw up lots of smoke and dust, blocking the view of the remaining German defenders. The barrage moved at in two minutes, which allowed the leading troops to rush or outflank German strong points and machine-gun nests. Where the Germans were able to resist, they were engaged with rifle-grenades, Lewis guns and trench mortars, while riflemen and bombers worked behind them. Pillbox fighting had been a great success on Vimy Ridge in April and in training for the attack at Messines the same methods were adopted along with the emphasis on "mopping-up" captured ground, to ensure that bypassed German troops could not engage advancing troops from behind. In the smoke and dust, direction was kept by compass and the German forward zone was easily overrun in the allotted, as was the line, half way to the German (second) line on the ridge. The two supporting battalions of the attacking brigades leap-frogged through, to advance to the second objective on the near crest of the ridge further on. The accuracy of the British barrage was maintained and local German counter-attack attempts were stifled. As the infantry approached the German second line, the resistance increased.
Second objective (black line).
In the II Anzac Corps area, the 3rd Australian Division consolidated the southern defensive flank of the attack, digging-in astride the river Douve with its right in the new craters at , defeating several hasty German counter-attacks; the left flank of the division was anchored by a captured German strong-point. The New Zealand Division attacked Messines village, the southern bastion of the German defences on the ridge. The village had been fortified with a line of trenches around the outskirts and an inner defence zone of five pillboxes and all the house cellars, which had been converted into shell-proof dug-outs. Two machine-gun posts on the edge of the village were rushed, but fire from Swayne's Farm north held up the advance until a tank drove through it and caused troops to surrender. The New Zealanders penetrated the outer trenches behind the creeping barrage, which slowed to in the German garrison defended the village with great determination, before surrendering when the commandant was captured. The 25th Division took the Messines–Wytschaete road on the ridge, north of the New Zealand Division, with little opposition except at Hell Farm, which was eventually overrun.
In the IX Corps area, the 36th Division captured the wreckage of two woods and Bogaert Farm in between, finding that the artillery fire had cut the masses of barbed wire and destroyed many strong-points. Further north, the 16th and 19th divisions advanced through the remains of Wytschaete wood and Grand Bois which had been hit by a Livens Projector bombardment on the night of and by standing barrages on all the known German positions in the woods. A German force at L'Hospice held out despite being by-passed, until and the objective was reached just after 
German positions at Dammstrasse, which ran from the St. Eloi road to White Chateau, in the X Corps area, fell to the 41st Division after a long fight. White Chateau was attacked by the 47th Division as it advanced to the first objective, covered by smoke and Thermite shells, fired on the German positions further to the north along the Comines canal. The German garrison fought hard and repulsed two attacks, before surrendering after a trench-mortar bombardment at The northern defensive flank was maintained by the 23rd Division with an advance of in twenty minutes. A German force at the head of the Zwarteleen re-entrant, south of Mt. Sorrel where the two attacking brigades met, held out until forced to surrender by volleys of rifle-grenades.
Just after all of the British "second intermediate objective", the first trench of the German (second) line, on the near crest of the ridge, had been taken. German documents gleaned from the battlefield showed that they expected the forward crest of the ridge to be held until the divisions arrived to counter-attack; the effect of the mines, artillery and British infantry tactics had been underestimated by the German command. The next objective was the rear trench of the German (second) line and the rear crest of the ridge, away. A pause of two hours, allowed fresh battalions to move forward and the captured ground to be consolidated. beyond the forward positions, a protective bombardment by swept back and forth, while the heavier artillery stood ready to respond with SOS barrages. Pack animals and men carrying "Yukon" packs, brought supplies into the captured ground and engineers supervised the digging and wiring of strong-points. At the protective bombardment increased in intensity and began to creep forward again, moving at in three minutes, as some divisions used battalions from their third brigade and other divisions those already committed. Most of the tanks still operational were outstripped but some caught up the infantry.
Fresh battalions of the New Zealand Division leap-frogged through those which had attacked earlier and advanced either side of Messines, where some German posts still held out. A German artillery headquarters at Blauwen Molen, beyond Messines, was captured and a tank broke into a strong point at Fanny's Farm, causing a hundred Germans to surrender. The reserve brigade of the 25th Division continued the advance to the north, except at Lumm Farm which was eventually taken with assistance from the right flank troops of the 36th Division. Helped by two tanks, the rest of the 36th Division advanced to the right of Wytschaete village and captured a German battalion headquarters. Wytschaete had been fortified like Messines but special bombardments fired on 3 June had demolished the village. Two battalions of the 16th Division overran the German survivors and on the left, the reserve brigade of the 19th Division took the area from Wytschaete village to Oosttaverne Wood with little resistance.
X Corps had greater difficulty reaching some of its final objectives. The loss of White Chateau disorganised the German defenders adjacent to the south and the 41st Division easily crossed the summit and reached the rear slope of the ridge away, which overlooked the eastern slope and Roozebeke valley, taking many prisoners at Denys and Ravine woods. North of the canal, the 47th Division had to capture a spoil heap long, where several German machine-gun nests had been dug in. The British attacks established a footing on the heap at great cost, due to machine-gun fire from the spoil heap and others in Battle Wood further north. At the infantry withdrew to allow the area to be bombarded again, from for an attack by a reserve battalion at . The 23rd Division had many casualties caused by flanking machine-gun fire from the spoil heap while clearing Battle Wood, which took until the evening.
In the centre of the attack, a company from each battalion advanced behind the barrage, to an observation line several hundred yards down the east slope of the ridge, at assisted by eight tanks and patrols of cavalry. Most German troops encountered surrendered quickly, except at Leg Copse and Oosttaverne Wood where they offered slight resistance. British aircraft added to German difficulties, with low-level machine-gun attacks. The second objective (the "observation line") Bethleem Farm to south of Messines to Despagne Farm and Oosttaverne Wood was reached with few casualties. Ground markers were put out for the three divisions due to attack in the afternoon and the area consolidated. The defensive frontages of the British units on the ridge had been based on an assumption that casualties in the advance to the first intermediate objective (blue line) would be and in the advance to the ridge (black line) would be . There were far fewer British casualties than anticipated, which caused congestion on the ridge, where the attacking troops suffered considerable casualties from German long-range machine-gun and artillery fire. The British planners expected that the two German divisions behind the ridge, would begin organised counter-attacks at about and arranged for a long pause in the advance down the eastern slope, to enable them to be defeated from consolidated defensive positions, rather than encountered in the open while the British were still advancing. The masked batteries of the three reserve divisions were used to add to the protective barrage in front of the infantry but no Germans could be seen.
Final objective (Oosttaverne line).
A pause of five hours was considered necessary to defeat the German "Eingreif" divisions, before resuming the advance on the Oosttaverne () line. The pause was extended by two hours to , after Plumer received reports on the state of the ground. More artillery joined the masked batteries close to the front line and others moved as far into no-man's-land as the terrain allowed. were prepared on the nearside of the ridge, to fire an overhead barrage and each division placed sixteen more in the observation line on the eastern slope. The in reserve began to advance at to join II Anzac Corps and IX Corps on the flanks. Surviving tanks of the morning attack in X Corps, were to join in from Damm and Denys Woods.
The 4th Australian Division continued the attack on the II Anzac Corps front, the right hand brigade reaching the assembly areas by before learning of the postponement. The brigade had to lie on open ground under German artillery and machine-gun fire, which caused considerable loss but the left brigade was informed in time to hold back until The bombardment began to creep down the slope at at a rate of in three minutes. The right brigade advanced on a front towards the Oosttaverne line, from the river Douve north to the Blauwepoortbeek. German machine-gunners in the pillboxes of the Oosttaverne line caused many casualties but with support from three tanks, the Australians reached the pillboxes, except for those north of the Messines–Warneton road. As the Australians outflanked the strongpoints, the Germans tried to retreat through the British barrage, which had stopped moving beyond the rear trench of the Oosttaverne line. The left brigade was stopped on its right flank by fire from the German pillboxes, north of the Messines–Warneton road up to the Blauwepoortbeek, short of the Oosttaverne line, with many casualties. The left battalion, unaware that the 33rd Brigade (11th Division) to the north had been delayed, veered towards the north-east to try to make contact near Lumm Farm, which took the battalion across the Wambeke spur instead of straight down. The objective was easily reached but at the Wambeek brook, north of the intended position. The Australians extended their line further north to Polka Estaminet trying to meet the 33rd Brigade, which arrived at with four tanks. The brigade took Joye and Van Hove Farms beyond the objective, silencing the machine-guns being fired from them.
On the IX Corps front, the 33rd Brigade (11th Division) had been ordered to advance to Vandamme Farm at but the message was delayed and the troops did not reach the assembly area at Rommens Farm until , half an hour late. To cover the delay, the corps commander ordered the 57th Brigade (19th Division) in reserve, to take the Oosttaverne line from Van Hove Farm to Oosttaverne village then to Bug Wood, so that only the southern were left for the 33rd Brigade. These orders were also delayed and the 19th Division commander asked for a postponement, then ordered the 57th Brigade to advance without waiting for the 33rd Brigade. The troops only knew that they were to advance downhill and keep up to the barrage but were able to occupy the objective in against light opposition, meeting the Australians at Polka Estaminet.
Two brigades of the 24th Division in Corps reserve, advanced into the X Corps sector and reached Dammstrasse on time. The brigades easily reached their objectives around Bug Wood, Rose Wood and Verhaest Farm, taking unopposed many German pillboxes. The brigades captured and six field guns for a loss of six casualties, advancing along the Roozebeek valley, then took Ravine Wood unopposed on the left flank. The left battalion was drawn back to meet the 47th Division, which was still held up by machine-gun fire from the spoil bank. The final objectives of the British offensive had been taken, except for the area of the Ypres–Comines canal near the spoil bank and of the Oosttaverne line at the junction of the II Anzac Corps and IX Corps. Despite a heavy bombardment until , the Germans at the spoil bank repulsed another infantry attack. The reserve battalion which had been moved up for the second attack on the spoil bank, had been caught in a German artillery bombardment while assembling for the attack. The companies which attacked then met with very heavy machine-gun fire during the advance, which got half-way to the spoil bank. The of the original infantry were withdrawn, when German reinforcements were seen arriving from the canal cutting and no further attempts were made.
The British situation near the Blauwepoortbeek worsened, when German troops were seen assembling near Steingast Farm, close to the Warneton road. An SOS barrage fell on the 12th Australian Brigade, which was inadvertently digging-in beyond its objective. The Australians stopped the German counter-attack with small-arms fire but many survivors began to withdraw spontaneously, until they stopped in relative safety on the ridge. As darkness fell and being under the impression that all the Australians had retired, New Zealand artillery observers called for the barrage to be brought closer to the observation line, when they feared a German counter-attack. The bombardment fell on the rest of the Australians, who withdrew with many casualties, leaving the southern part of the Oosttaverne line unoccupied, as well as the gap around the Blauwepoortbeek. An SOS barrage on the IX Corps front stopped a German counter-attack from the Roozebeke valley but many shells fell short, precipitating another informal withdrawal. Rumour led to the barrage being moved closer to the observation line, which added to British casualties until , when the infantry managed to get the artillery stopped and were then able to re-occupy the positions. Operations to re-take the Oosttaverne line in the II Anzac Corps area started at on 8 June.
Air operations.
As the infantry moved to the attack contact-patrol aircraft flew overhead, two being maintained over each corps during the day. The observers were easily able to plot the positions of experienced troops, who lit flares and waved anything to attract attention. Some troops, poorly trained and inexperienced failed to cooperate, fearing exposure to the Germans so aircraft flew dangerously low to identify them, four being shot down in consequence. Although air observation was not as vital to German operations because of their control of commanding ground, the speed by which reports from air observation could be delivered made it a most valuable form of liaison between the front line and higher commanders. German infantry proved as reluctant to reveal themselves as the British so German flyers also had to make visual identifications. Reports and maps were dropped at divisional headquarters and corps report centres, allowing the progress of the infantry to be followed. During the pause on the ridge crest, an observer reported that the Oosttaverne line was barely occupied, at a balloon observer reported a heavy German barrage on the II Anzac Corps front and a counter-attack patrol aircraft reported German infantry advancing either side of Messines. The German counter-attack was "crushed" by artillery fire by Each corps squadron kept an aircraft on counter-attack patrol all day, to call for barrage fire if German troops were seen in the open but the speed of the British advance resulted in few German counter-attacks. Artillery observers watched for German gunfire and made calls but only to have German guns engaged. The observers regulated the bombardment of the Oosttaverne line and the artillery of VIII Corps to the north of the attack, which was able to enfilade German artillery opposite X Corps.
Fourteen fighters were sent to strafe German ground targets ahead of the British infantry from low altitude, roving behind German lines, attacking infantry, transport, gun-teams and machine-gun nests; the attacks continued all day, with two of the British aircraft being shot down. Organised attacks were made on the German airfields at Bisseghem and Marcke near Courtrai and the day bombing squadrons attacked airfields at Ramegnies Chin, Coucou, Bisseghem (again) and Rumbeke. Reconnaissance reports of German troops concentrating around Quesnoy–Warneton, led to aircraft setting out to attack them within minutes. German fighters made a considerable effort to intercept corps observation aircraft over the battlefield but were frustrated by patrols on the "barrage line" and offensive patrols beyond; only one British corps aircraft was shot down by German aircraft during the day. After dark the night-bombing specialists of No. 100 Squadron RFC bombed railway stations at Warneton, Menin and Courtrai. Ignorance of the situation at the northern end of the II Anzac Corps front was resolved by air reconnaissance at dawn on 8 June.
German Fourth Army.
At on 7 June, the British artillery bombardment ceased. Expecting an immediate infantry assault, the German defenders returned to their forward positions. At the mines were detonated, killing soldiers and destroying most of the middle breastwork "Ib" of the front system, paralysing the survivors of the eleven German battalions in the front line, who were swiftly overrun. The explosions occurred while some of the German front line troops were being relieved, catching both groups in the blasts. British artillery fire resumed at the same moment as the explosions. Some of the "Stoßtruppen" ("Stormtroops") in breastwork "Ic" were able to counter-attack but were overwhelmed quickly, as the British advanced on the line, which usually held half of the support battalions but had been reduced to about and six machine-guns, in each regimental zone. Smoke and dust from the British barrage limited visibility to and some defenders thought that figures moving towards them were German soldiers, retreating "elastically" and were also overrun. After a pause the British continued to the line, held by half of the support battalions, a company of each reserve battalion and machine-guns per regimental sector. Despite daylight German defenders only saw occasional shapes in the dust and smoke, as they were deluged by artillery fire and machine-gunned by "swarms" of British aircraft. The German defence in the south collapsed and uncovered the left flank of each unit further north in turn, forcing them to retire to the (Oosttaverne) line. Some German units held out in and near St. Eloi, waiting to be relieved by counter-attacks which never came. The garrison of the ("Caterpillar", known as the "spoil heap" to the British) held on for until relieved.
The group (corps) commander, Von Laffert, had expected that the two divisions behind Messines Ridge, would reach the (second) line before the British. The divisions had reached assembly areas near Gheluvelt and Warneton by , the 7th Division was ordered to move from Zandvoorde to Hollebeke and attack across the Comines canal, towards into the British northern flank. The 1st Guard Reserve Division was to move to the Warneton line east of Messines, then advance around Messines to recapture the original front system. Both divisions were plagued by delays, being new to the area and untrained for counter-attack operations. The 7th Division was shelled by British artillery all the way to the Comines canal. Part of the division was then diverted, to reinforce the remnants of the front divisions holding positions around Hollebeke. The rest of the division found that the British had already taken the (Oosttaverne) line, by the time that they arrived at The 1st Guard Reserve Division was also heavily shelled as it crossed the Warneton (third) line but reached the area east of Messines by , only to be devastated by the resumption of the British creeping barrage and forced back to the (Oosttaverne) line, as the British began to advance to their next objective. Von Laffert contemplated a further withdrawal, then ordered the existing line to be held, after the British advance stopped. Most of the losses inflicted on the British infantry by the German defence, came from German artillery fire. In the days after the main attack, German shellfire on the new British lines was extremely accurate and well-timed, inflicting the casualties suffered by the 25th Division.
Aftermath.
Analysis.
Military analysts and historians disagree on the strategic significance of the battle, although most describe it as a British tactical and operational success. In 1919, Ludendorff wrote that the British victory cost the German army dear and drained German reserves. Hindenburg wrote that the losses at Messines had been "very heavy" and that he regretted that the ground had not been evacuated; in 1922 Von Kuhl called it one of the worst German tragedies of the war. In 1920 Haig's Dispatches described the success of the British plan, organisation and results but refrained from hyperbole, referring to the operation as a successful preliminary to the main offensive at Ypres. In 1930, Liddell Hart thought the success at Messines inflated expectations for the Third Battle of Ypres and that because the circumstances of the operations were different, attempts to apply similar tactics resulted in failure. In 1938 Lloyd George called the battle an "apéritif" and in 1939, G.C. Wynne judged it to be a "brilliant success", overshadowed by the subsequent tragedy of the Battles of Passchendaele. The Official Historian called it a "great victory" in 1948, and Prior and Wilson (1997) called the battle a "noteworthy success" but then complained about the decision to postpone exploitation of the success on the Gheluvelt plateau. Ashley Ekins referred to the battle as a great set-piece victory which was also costly, particularly for the infantry of II Anzac Corps, as did Christopher Pugsley, referring to the experience of the New Zealand Division. Heinz Hagenlücke called it a great British success and wrote that the loss of the ridge had a worse effect on German morale, than the number of casualties. Jack Sheldon called it a "significant victory" for the British and a "disaster" for the German army, which was forced into a "lengthy period of anxious waiting". Research findings in 1996 and 2001 have concluded that extending British supply routes over the ridge, which had been devastated by the mines and millions of shells, to consolidate the Oosttaverne line and completion of the infrastructure further north in the Fifth Army area, was necessary before the "Northern Operation" (the Third Battle of Ypres) could begin and was the main reason for the operational pause in June and July.
Casualties.
In 1941 the Australian Official Historian recorded II Anzac Corps losses from as in the New Zealand Division, in the 3rd Australian Division and in the 4th Australian Division. Using figures from the , Bean recorded German casualties for ; ; and . In volume XII of "Der Weltkrieg" the German Official Historians recorded for the period including of whom reported as taken prisoner by the British. Losses of the British were recorded as and a further from The initial explosion of the mines, in particular the mine that created the Lone Tree Crater, accounts for the high number of casualties and missing from . In 1948, the British Official Historian gave casualties of ; ; ; and a total of from . The 25th Division history gave and the 47th Division history notes . The British Official Historian recorded , including , from , using strength returns from groups , and in the German Official History, then wrote that be added for "wounded likely to return to duty within a reasonable time", since they were "omitted" in the German Official History, reasoning which has been severely criticised ever since. In 2007 Sheldon gave for the German 4th Army from 1917.
Subsequent operations.
At on 8 June, the British attack to regain the Oosttaverne line from the river Douve to the Warneton road found few German garrisons as it was occupied. German artillery south of the Lys, heavily bombarded the southern slopes of the ridge and caused considerable losses among Anzac troops pinned there. Ignorance of the situation north of the Warneton road continued; a reserve battalion was sent to reinforce the 49th Australian Battalion near the Blauwepoortbeek for the attack, which did not take place. The 4th Australian Division commander, Major-General William Holmes, went forward at and finally clarified the situation. New orders instructed the 33rd Brigade (11th Division) to side-step to the right and relieve the 52nd Australian Battalion, which at dusk would move to the south and join the 49th Australian Battalion for the attack into the gap at the Blauwepoortbeek. All went well until observers on the ridge saw the 52nd Australian Battalion withdrawing, mistook it for a German counter-attack and called for an SOS bombardment. German observers in the valley saw troops from the 33rd Brigade moving into the area to relieve the Australian battalion, mistook them for an attacking force and also called for an SOS bombardment. The area was deluged with artillery fire from both sides for two hours, causing many casualties. The attack was postponed until 9 June.
Confusion had been caused by the original attacking divisions on the ridge, controlling the artillery which covered the area occupied by the reserve divisions down the eastern slope. The command arrangement had been intended to protect the ridge from large German counter-attacks, which might force the reserve divisions back up the eastern slope. The mistaken bombardments of friendly troops ended late on 9 June, when the New Zealand, 16th and 36th divisions were withdrawn into reserve and the normal corps organisation was restored; the anticipated large German counter-attacks had not occurred. On 10 June the attack down the Blauwepoortbeek finally began but met strong resistance from the fresh German 11th Division, brought in from Group Ypres. The 3rd Australian Division advanced either side the river Douve, consolidating their hold on a rise around Thatched Cottage, which secured the right flank of the new Messines position; early on 11 June the Germans evacuated the Blauwepoortbeek sector. British observation from the Oosttaverne line proved to be poor, which led Plumer to order a further advance down the slope. On 14 June the II Anzac Corps was to push forward on the right from Plugstreet Wood to Trois Tilleuls Farm and and another to the Gapaard spur and Ferme de la Croix. IX Corps was to take Joye Farm and the Wambeke hamlet and come level with the Australians at Delporte Farm. X Corps was to capture the Spoil Bank and the areas adjacent. The attack was forestalled by a German retirement on the night of By 14 June British advanced posts had been established without resistance.
Meticulously planned and well executed, the assault secured its objectives in fewer than twelve hours. The combination of tactics devised on the Somme and at Arras, the use of mines, artillery survey, creeping barrages, tanks, aircraft and small-unit fire-and-movement tactics created surprise and allowed the attacking infantry to advance by infiltration when confronted by intact defences. Well-organised mopping-up prevented by-passed German troops from firing on advanced troops from behind. The British took and . The offensive secured the southern end of the Ypres salient in preparation for the British "Northern Operation". Von Laffert, commander of , was sacked two days after the battle.
Haig discussed the possibility of rapid exploitation of a victory at Messines with Plumer before the attack, arranging for II and VIII Corps to attack either side of Bellewaarde Lake, using some of the artillery from the Messines front, which Plumer considered would take three days to transfer. On 8 June, patrols on the II and VIII Corps fronts reported strong resistance. Haig urged Plumer to attack immediately and Plumer replied that it would still take three days to arrange. Haig transferred the two Corps to the Fifth Army and that evening, gave instructions to Gough to plan the preliminary operation to capture the area around Stirling Castle. On 14 June Gough announced that the operation would put his troops into a salient and that he wanted to take the area as part of the main offensive. On 13 June German aircraft began daylight attacks on London and the south-east of England, leading to the diversion of British aircraft in the process of concentrating for the "Northern Operation".

</doc>
<doc id="2884363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884363" title="Town (New Jersey)">
Town (New Jersey)

A Town in the context of New Jersey local government refers to one of five types and one of eleven forms of municipal government. While Town is often used as a shorthand to refer to a Township, the two are not the same.
The Town Act of 1895 allowed any municipality or area with a population exceeding 5,000 to become a Town through a petition and referendum process. Under the 1895 Act, a newly incorporated town was divided into at least three wards, with two councilmen per ward serving staggered two-year terms, and one councilman at large, who also served a two-year term. The councilman at large served as chairman of the town council.
The Town Act of 1988 completely revised the Town form of government and applied to all towns incorporated under the Town Act of 1895 and to those incorporated by a special charter granted by the Legislature prior to 1875. Under the 1988 Act, the mayor is also the councilman at large, serving a term of two years, unless increased to three years by a petition and referendum process. The Council under the Town Act of 1988 consists of eight members serving staggered two-year terms with two elected from each of four wards. One councilman from each ward is up for election each year. Towns with different structures predating the 1988 Act may retain those features unless changed by a petition and referendum process.
Two new provisions were added in 1991 to the statutes governing towns, First, a petition and referendum process was created whereby the voters can require that the mayor and town council be elected to four-year terms of office. The second new provision defines the election procedure in towns with wards. 
The mayor in a town chairs the town council and heads the municipal government. The mayor may both vote on legislation before council and veto ordinances. A veto may be overridden by a vote of two-thirds of all the members of the council. The council may enact an ordinance to delegate all or a portion of the executive responsibilities of the town to a municipal administrator.
Fifteen New Jersey municipalities currently have a type of Town, nine of which operate under the town form of government: 

</doc>
<doc id="2884365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884365" title="Newcastle, County Wicklow">
Newcastle, County Wicklow

Newcastle () is a village situated on the R761, County Wicklow, Ireland. It is about south of Dublin. Newcastle had a population of 951 in the village and hinterland in the census of 2011.
History.
The village is half a mile from the castle and church where it was originally located. Newcastle takes its name from the castle, built by the Normans on an earlier Irish fortification in the territory of the O'Byrne's. Constructed in the period between 1177 and 1184 by Hugh de Lacy, Lord of Meath then governor of Ireland under Henry II. The castle, called Newcastle Mackynegan, became a major stronghold in the outer fortifications of the Pale. Even so it was attacked and occupied at intervals by the Wicklow Irish chieftains the O'Tooles and the O'Byrnes. The current ruin on the site is not that of the castle which was destroyed in the 16th century but of a building which was erected on the site. The castle was the county seat and administrative centre until the shiring of Wicklow county in the 16th century when it moved to Wicklow Town after the castle was again raided.
The church is located a few hundred feet from the castle and some parts of the building date from the 12th Century. This Church is named as a prebend as early as 1227. In 1467 it was assigned by Archbishop Michael Tregury to the Archdeacon of Glendalough. In 1872 the Archdeacon of Glendalough ceased to have a place in the Chapter, as such, and the separate prebend of Newcastle was revived. The current Rector is the Reverend William Bennett. The church, which is owned by the Church of Ireland (Anglicans), was also used as the local Catholic church for services in 2000 when it was agreed to share it until the catholic oratory was rebuilt. The local primary school St Francis's is located beside the church. There is a ruin of a Catholic church about from the village with a graveyard.
Newcastle is in the Roman Catholic parish of Kilquade and the parish church is located in Kilquade about north of the village. A new oratory was built in the village in 2009 replacing an earlier temporary structure.
Local recreation.
In 1983, Newcastle has seen the building of a community centre providing space for sporting and recreational activities. An Information Technology Centre provides training for all ages. The young population is very socially and culturally active with many club and organisations like the local Gaelic Athletic Association Club, indoor soccer, Bowls, Badminton, Tennis and croquet. Newcastle is very close to the beach, which is used for swimming, walking and shore angling.
There is one pub, The Castle Inn (previously the Bridge Inn), which was rebuilt in 2008 and a shop/garage. Close by is Blackditch Wood, an 89-hectare (220 acre) priority woodland and wetland site a restored Nature Reserve project creating a large wetland complex, for the protection of Annex 1 birds threatened within the European Union. The reserve will comprises a variety of diverse habitats, including pure birch forest, fen and willow scrub, natural grasslands, a conifer plantation, of drainage ditches and farmland for grazing and crop planting. The site includes a diverse but protected habitats, attracting a wildlife diversity, protecting threatened bird, flora and insect species.
People.
Born in Newcastle:

</doc>
<doc id="2884367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884367" title="James R. Thompson Center">
James R. Thompson Center

The James R. Thompson Center (JRTC) is located at 100 W. Randolph Street in the Loop, Chicago, Illinois and houses offices of the State of Illinois. The building opened in May 1985 as the State of Illinois Center. It was renamed in 1993 to honor former Illinois Governor James R. Thompson. The property takes up the entire block bound by Randolph, Lake, Clark and LaSalle Streets, one of the 35 full-size city blocks within Chicago's Loop. In front of the Thompson Center is a sculpture, "Monument With Standing Beast", by Jean Dubuffet. The JRTC is sometimes referred to as the State Building. 
The JRTC was designed by Murphy/Helmut Jahn and opened to mixed reviews by critics, ranging from "outrageous" to "wonderful". The color of the street-level panels was compared to tomato soup. The 17-story, all-glass exterior does not reflect the building's function, and instead conveys an image of pure postmodernism; the effect is striking, especially from the Daley Center. Visitors to the JRTC's interior can see all 17 floors layered partway around the building's immense skylit atrium. The open-plan offices on each floor are supposed to carry the message of "an open government in action."
Originally, the design called for curved, insulated (double paned) glass panels, but these were found to be prohibitively expensive. Flat, insulated glass had been suggested, but were dismissed by Jahn. Single-paned (non-insulated), curved glass panels were eventually used and resulted in the need for a more expensive air conditioning system, which remains very costly to operate and is insufficient on hot days (internal temperatures have reached as high as 90 degrees Fahrenheit). The building is also bitterly cold in the winter; in its early years, ice formed on the interior of some of the wall panels. The marble floor of the atrium initially developed unsightly water stains, an issue which has since been resolved. 
The Clark/Lake 'L' station, one of the busiest in the system, is housed between the JRTC and the 203 N. LaSalle building across the street. Orange, Green, Blue, Pink, Purple and Brown Line trains stop at the center.
The Illinois Artisan's shop is also housed inside the JRTC.
Three tunnels of the Chicago Pedway enter the JRTC's food-court concourse, connecting from to 203 North LaSalle Street, the Chicago Title and Trust Company and Chicago City Hall.
Art.
The sculpture at the front entrance by French artist Jean Dubuffet sets the tone for this building that houses a tremendous art collection. The collection includes nineteen specially commissioned artworks funded by the State of Illinois Art-in-Architecture Program. The building also has over 150 of the state's 600 works collected under the Percent for Art program. Under this program 0.5% of the money designated for construction of state-funded public buildings is used for the purchase of art.
Proposed sale.
When he first came to office, Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich proposed selling the building to assuage the state budget. The proposal was heavily criticized. Lawmakers at first agreed to the plan, but later a $200 million mortgage was agreed to instead, payable over 10 years. The plan was declared unconstitutional by Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan in June 2004. The plan was set aside, although it had already cost the state $532,000 in legal fees.
In popular culture.
The Thompson Center has been a filming location in several motion pictures, including 2002's "The Watcher" and 1990's "The Kid Who Loved Christmas", The building was seen at the end of the 1986 film "Running Scared".
Sherman House Hotel.
The location was previously the location of the Sherman House Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="2884375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884375" title="Lugotorix">
Lugotorix

Lugotorix was a British chieftain who was captured after a failed attack by the four kings of Kent on Julius Caesar's naval camp in 54 BC. His name may mean "mouse-king".

</doc>
<doc id="2884377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884377" title="The Fat Lady Sings">
The Fat Lady Sings

The Fat Lady Sings were a rock band initially from Dublin, Ireland, fronted by singer and songwriter, Nick Kelly. Almost immediately after forming, they relocated to London, and remained there for the rest of their eight-year career. They remained self-financed and self-managed for eighteen months, building a substantial live following. In January 1994, the band split when their frontman Kelly announced that he was quitting.

</doc>
<doc id="2884380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884380" title="W. F. McCoy">
W. F. McCoy

William Frederick McCoy (generally known by his initials) (1886 – 4 December 1976) was an Ulster Unionist member of the Parliament of Northern Ireland for South Tyrone who went on to become an early supporter of Ulster nationalism, despite having an Irish surname.
Born in Fivemiletown, County Tyrone, McCoy was educated at Clones High School and Trinity College, Dublin, where he studied law. After serving in the British Army during World War I McCoy became a barrister in 1920 and held a number of leading legal positions in Northern Ireland including Crown Prosecutor for County Fermanagh (from 1926), Resident Magistrate for Belfast (1937–1943) and Senior Crown Prosecutor for Belfast (1949–1967).
Initially elected to the Parliament in a by-election on 12 April 1945 (following the death of Rowley Elliott the previous year), McCoy held the seat for the Ulster Unionists until his retirement in 1965. Whilst at first his political viewpoints were fairly typical of Unionism at the time, McCoy began to doubt how far the Union was safeguarded by the existing status of Northern Ireland as it was entirely determined by the United Kingdom, whom, he felt, could as easily vote it out of existence as retain it. As a result McCoy called for Northern Ireland to be governed as a Dominion within the Commonwealth, along the lines of Australia and Canada, with the British monarch retained as Head of State, but with the Northern Irish Parliament otherwise free to govern. 
McCoy's ideas were generally rejected by the Unionist establishment, who were generally happy with the way things were, and he was sidelined, although he did serve as Speaker of the House of Commons of Northern Ireland in 1956 during a brief period when the long-term Speaker Sir Norman Stronge was forced to step aside. An office Stronge held was found to disqualify him, but he resigned it and a Bill was rushed through Parliament to indemnify him. McCoy stepped down from the Northern Ireland House of Commons in 1965, when his seat was won by John Taylor. McCoy continued to write in support of his Dominion plans until his death in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="2884385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884385" title="Kiros">
Kiros

Kiros may refer to:
Ethiopian name.
Kiros (Amharic: ኪሮስ) is a male given name of Ethiopian origin that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884391" title="Thomas Hellman">
Thomas Hellman

Thomas Hellman is a French Canadian singer born in 1975 to a Texan father and French mother. After the success of his first album "Stories from Oscar’s Old Café", he gained national acclaim with his French album "L’Appartement" on Justin Time Records, produced by noted Quebec producer Jean Massicotte. He is now working on his third album and sharing his time between France and Quebec.
In 2005, he performed at the Festival Voix d'Amériques in Montreal that was recorded by CBC Radio One, and Fête de la Musique in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="2884392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884392" title="Western Goals Institute">
Western Goals Institute

The Western Goals Institute (WGI) was a conservative pressure group in Britain, re-formed in 1989 from Western Goals UK, which was founded in 1985 as an offshoot of the U.S. Western Goals Foundation. Its stated intent was anti-communism, although the group was also known for its opposition to non-white immigration into Europe and Britain.
Early aims.
The Western Goals Institute was founded (as Western Goals UK) in May 1985 as the British branch of the American organisation the Western Goals Foundation. In March 1987 Western Goals UK had filed a complaint with the Charity Commission for England and Wales against three major British charities, Oxfam, War on Want, and Christian Aid claiming that they were involved in political campaigning work (which was then contrary to UK charity law) in support of left-wing organizations due to their campaigns against apartheid in South Africa. The Charities Commission partially upheld the Western Goals complaint, obliging War on Want (which at the time was led by George Galloway, later an MP) to halt political campaigning. In October 1988 Western Goals held a well-attended fringe meeting at the Conservative Party Conference addressed by their patron, General Sir Walter Walker, former Commander-in-Chief of NATO forces in Northern Europe, Sir Patrick Wall, the M.P., for Beverley, the Revd. Martin Smyth, M.P., and others on terrorism, highlighting the links between the ANC and IRA. Western Goals subsequently issued a paper summarising the issues raised at this meeting. The Irish media later confirmed these links. 
As a result of their expanding activities, membership and organisation, Western Goals UK was relaunched in 1989, becoming the Western Goals Institute, independent of the U.S. foundation. Gregory Lauder-Frost, then a leading light in the Conservative Monday Club, was invited in February to join Thomas J Bergen, Peter Dally, Professor Antony Flew, Linda Catoe Guell, Dr. Joseph Labia, Trggvi McDonald, Rev.Martin Smyth, M.P., the Lord Sudeley, Dr. Harvey Ward and Rev. Basil Watson, O.B.E., as Vice-Presidents of the Institute. The Institute's stated aims were to "combat the insidious menace of liberalism and Communism within all sectors of British society" and its initial activities included denouncing what it described as "extremist" left-wing Labour Party candidates. The Institute was also critical of the United Nations, its Director Andrew Smith stating "western nations (when dealing with the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait) have seen fit to submit themselves to the writ of the UN, a body largely composed of regimes hostile to western democratic values."
The Institute stated its aims on the BBC in 1991:
""Western Goals works to establish networks and links with conservative groups dedicated to the preservation of the cultures and identities of western nations. We are conservatives who believe in traditional conservative values. A multicultural society does not work. We wish to protect the way of life we had before immigrants arrived. It was a mistake to permit these people to come here. Politicians must now accept this. Large numbers of immigrants reject European culture and wish to remain alien in religion and culture. We want European culture in European countries. We would seek to have treaties with countries to permit resettlement."".
Initially, the Western Goals Institute drew some support from Conservative parliamentarians, & the London magazine "City Limits" stated that "Western Goals is talking the same blunt authoritarian language as many Tory back-benchers and rank and file Tories. It is a group to be reckoned with ... having a formidable list of honorary patrons and Vice-Presidents". 
With an increasingly public role Western Goals attracted left-wing hostility. In September 1991 Campaign Against Fascism demonstrated out side the home of Lord Sudeley, they said, "to expose his involvement in setting up an international network of right-wing extremists." In response Sudeley refuted the claims and described Western Goals "as being committed to the traditional values of conservatism in England." Mr Mike Whine, the 'Defence Director' of the Board of British Jewish Deputies weighed in describing the Institute as "not fascists or anti-Semitic, but they inhabit the shadowy, nether-world of the far right-wing."
Following the end of the Cold War, however, the group lost its original anti-Communist raison d’etre in Europe, at least, but it continued to forge and retain links with other ultra-conservative and nationalist political parties such as the Front National of France. The association with Le Pen and his party resulted in many of the group’s former Conservative supporters distancing themselves from the organization.
Anti-Communism.
The Institute and its predecessor were affiliated with the World Anti-Communist League. As Western Goals delegate, Andrew Smith attended the 21st conference of the World Anti-Communist League held in Geneva August 27–29, 1988, which was addressed by one of Western Goals UK's patrons, Major-General John K. Singlaub, (the other two patrons being General Sir Walter Walker and Major Sir Patrick Wall, M.C.). Smith contributed an article on the speech in WACL's "Free World Report" the following January. In July 1990, WGI sent a delegation to the 22nd WACL Conference in Brussels and from 1991 WGI was the UK chapter of the senior World League.
In line with the ‘Reagan doctrine’ policies of its American patrons, Western Goals UK had established links with militant, and often violent, anti-Communist groups internationally. These include the Angolan UNITA movement (in October 1988 Western Goals facilitated the visit to London of UNITA’s leader, Jonas Savimbi) and the Salvadoran Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA) party, whose leader, Roberto D’Aubuisson, became one of the group’s international patrons. It was also claimed that Western Goals may have been used by its U.S. partners as a conduit for funds to the Nicaraguan Contras following the ‘Contragate’ scandal.
1989 was the year the Institute formed close links with the Conservative Party of South Africa which it saw as fighting communism in the form of the ANC. In addition it was reaching out to a variety of robustly conservative associations which were also opposed to communism. In August Lauder-Frost was forging links with Joachim Siegerist of Die Deutschen Konservativen e.V., in Hamburg, and London's "Time Out" magazine carried a report headlined "Bad Taste" in September saying that the Western Goals hierarchy, in addition to courting Jean-Marie Le Pen, and Franz Schönhuber of the German Republikaner Party, had been dining at Simpsons-in-the-Strand, London, with El Salvador's Arena Party President Major Roberto d'Aubuisson, who subsequently became one of the Institute's patrons. This was followed by a letter in "The Times" signed by Lord Sudeley, Sir Alfred Sherman, Professor Antony Flew and Dr. Harvey Ward, on behalf of the Institute, "applauding Alfredo Cristiani's statesmanship" and calling for his government's success in defeating the Cuban and Nicaraguan-backed communist FMLN terrorists. The following year, on February 21, 1990, Lauder-Frost appeared on BBC's 'Newsnight' opposing Labour MP Alice Mahon’s support for Communist insurgents in Central America. 
The Institute's tabloid newspaper "European Dawn" also reported that in September 1990 that Burkhard Schmidt, Executive Director of Western Goals Europe e.V., and the American European Strategy Research Institute had contacted the Institute urging them to forge links with young people opposing communism in Czechoslovakia, and that the following month an eight-strong delegation from the Institute visited Munich for discussions with the German Republikaner Party which at that time had six members in the European Union Parliament.
Front National.
In Europe, Western Goals gave their open support to the French Front National, the populist right-wing political party led by Jean-Marie Le Pen. On 12 October 1989, the Western Goals Institute hosted a controversial fringe meeting at the Conservative Party Conference in Blackpool, at which Pierre Ceyrac, a Front National Member of the European Parliament, was the Guest Speaker. Western Goals also hosted a widely reported dinner for Jean-Marie Le Pen, whom they had invited to Britain, at the Charing Cross Hotel in the Strand, London in December 1991. There was a large demonstration against the dinner outside the hotel and some damage to property took place, notably the hotel's front doors and surroundings, which were smashed; an exclusive of the dinner appeared in "The Mail on Sunday" on 8 December.
After the visit by Le Pen, the Western Goals Institute Director Andrew Smith was quoted as saying:
The possibility of founding a new right-wing party, on the model of Le Pen's Front National, appears to have been abandoned by Smith after the Conservative Party's win in the 1992 General Election ensured that proportional representation stayed off the political agenda for the foreseeable future. However even at the time, the gradual defection of the parliamentary advisory committee and the decision of the leadership of the Monday Club and associated MPs to stay away from the Le Pen Dinner made the prospect unlikely. The Institute maintained its contacts with the FN and were invited to send delegates to their Congress in Strasbourg in March 1997. The Western Goals "Newsletter" of January 1998 carried a length article of praise, reporting on the "FN Successes in France".
Relationship with the Conservative Party.
The WGI initially worked towards its goals via members of the British Conservative Party, and in particular via the right-wing Conservative Monday Club with whom it also shared some members: Andrew Smith had been a former chairman of the Club's Young Members Group, Paul Masson and Stuart Notholt, "one-time member of the editorial board of the Conservative 'Dreadnaught Group'", also Monday Clubbers, were all on Western Goals' first UK Directorate. Western Goals activists Lauder-Frost, Anthony Murphy, and Dr.Harvey Ward all held "key positions in the Monday Club Executive". Others included Sir Alfred Sherman and his son Gideon.
From the mid-1980s, Western Goals had established a parliamentary advisory committee of Conservative MPs which included Sir Patrick Wall, Nicholas Winterton, Neil Hamilton and Bill Walker, as well as Martin Smyth of the Ulster Unionist Party for Belfast South. 
In 1991, Western Goals was accused in a newspaper report of engineering a "take-over" of the Conservative Monday Club, and there were reports that some veteran members believed the Club had become "more extreme". Gregory Lauder-Frost, writing in his capacity as Club Political Secretary, rejected these claims in a right-of-reply letter published the following week. In September 1992, Sir Norman Fowler, in an attempt to distance the Conservative Party from the Institute, said that "No one in Western Goals is known by Central Office to belong to our party". This followed the Institute's invitation to Jean-Marie Le Pen, and 31 year-old Italian parliamentary deputy, Alessandra Mussolini, to address fringe meetings at the 1992 Conservative Party conference (although they both were unable to come to Britain and the meetings were subsequently cancelled). The invitation to Miss Mussolini were said to have "caused outrage", and led to calls for a ban on her entering the country. The Institute rejected Fowler's remark, saying that the majority of those associated with the institute held Conservative Party membership.
The "Jewish Chronicle" reported on 25 September 1992 that Marc Gordon, director of the libertarian International Freedom Foundation, a US-based organisation wholly funded by the revisionist de Klerk government in South Africa, urged the Conservative Party to expel members of Western Goals, doubtless because of the WGI's support of the South African Conservative Party. In the same newspaper on 2 October, Julian Lewis (now a Member of Parliament, then deputy head of Conservative Central Office's Research Department), said he would strongly advise local associations that Western Goals was hostile to Conservative objectives. "The Guardian" subsequently accused the WGI of attempting "to infiltrate fascists into the Conservative Party", which the WGI disputed as "rubbish".
Notable activities.
On 12 August 1989, a delegation from the Western Goals Institute attended an anti-communist demonstration at Moln, near Lübeck which over 20,000 people attended. The rally was organised by "Die Deutschen Konservativen e. V.", led by Joachim Siegerist, now a Latvian parliamentarian.
On 25 September 1989, Lord Sudeley chaired a Western Goals dinner at Simpson's-in-the-Strand for El Salvador's President, Alfredo Cristiani, and his inner cabinet. The guest list included figures such as Sir Alfred Sherman (policy advisor to Margaret Thatcher), Lord Nicholas Hervey, Antony Flew, Zigmunt Szkopiak, Denis Walker and Harvey Ward.
The group hosted social events including an Annual Dinner at the Grosvenor Hotel at Victoria on 24 November 1989 when the guest of honour was Kenneth Griffith. On 20 November 1990, they hosted the General Franco Memorial Dinner in Whitehall, commemorating the anniversary of his death. This was also chaired by Baron Sudeley. A WGI notice in "The Times" stated that the late ruler of Spain was "remembered as a hero against communism".
WGI supported the continuance of European-dominated government in South Africa, and hosted a visit to the UK, in June 1989, by the hierarchy of the Conservative Party of South Africa, which some years previously broke away from the National Party of South Africa after P.W. Botha instituted limited reforms. The delegation included the Conservative Party leader Andries Treurnicht, whose party held 22 seats in the South African Parliament making them the official opposition. A press conference was held for the delegation in a committee room of the House of Lords on 5 June. Conservative Party of South Africa MP Clive Derby-Lewis, then one of sixty members of the integrated State President's Council, was made an honorary vice-president of the WGI and the following year joined the WGI delegation to the WACL Conference in Brussels. (Derby-Lewis is currently serving a life sentence for conspiracy to murder Chris Hani, a leader of the South African Communist Party and of the ANC's armed terrorist wing, who was assassinated in 1993). The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (2 July 1993) lists the Western Goals Institute as an "impediment" to the elimination of racial discrimination in South Africa, saying of the Institute that it "claims to be devoted to protecting the Western way of life by offering self-defence training to white South Africans".
Later years.
Despite his upbeat press comments at the time of Le Pen's visit in December 1991, Western Goals director Andrew Smith was quoted in April 1993 as saying that "on reflection the Le Pen visit was the zenith and also the beginning of the end" for him. However "Private Eye" cited him at the same time as saying that the Institute was "currently inactive, i.e: in a state of 'suspended animation', but we have other plans and projects under way.".
Negative publicity, the departure from the Directorate in late 1993 of Andrew Smith (replaced by Stuart Millson) and the end of the Soviet Union, meant that the group's activities diminished. In October 1994 Lauder-Frost, writing as WGI Vice-President, called for the Union of Great Britain to be strengthened and rounded on John Major and Jeremy Hanley's comments about traditional Tories being "the enemies within" the Conservative Party. A successful Annual Dinner, chaired by Lauder-Frost, was held at the Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria, in March 1995, at which the guest-of-honour was the Democratic Unionist Party Member of Parliament, Peter Robinson, now First Minister of Northern Ireland.
On 29 March 1997 Lauder-Frost sent a letter of fraternal greeting, on behalf of the Western Goals Institute, to the annual congress of Jean-Marie Le Pen's Front National (FN) at Strassburg which was read by Le Pen to the 2,200 delegates from the podium to much applause. The Institute's January 1998 "Newsletter" attacked "Blair's Labour regime" which it accused of "breaking up the United Kingdom, diminishing the monarchy, endorsing Sinn Fein and destroying country traditions." In a further article in the same edition Lauder-Frost contributed an article "Christianity & the Millenium calling for "a great service" to be held in Westminster Abbey "representing this Christian Kingdom." In the September edition of the same year, economist James Gibb Stuart had the leading article arguing that "21st century Conservatism must be nationalist", with another by Lauder-Frost arguing that "the non-Anglican statues unveiled at Westminster Abbey in July show that left-wing politics are alive and well in the Church." The Institute's regular contributor, Peter Gibbs, had a leading article in the Winter 1999 edition entitled "The Lies, the shame, the betrayal of Ulster" and called for "a rallying cry for the Union."
Lack of adequate finances reduced campaigning to their occasional policy papers, the regular glossy newsletter, press releases, and letters to editors. The Institute's last newsletter, which they called a "Special General Election edition", in June 2001, carried a leading article by Stuart Millson entitled "New Labour:A Disgrace to Britain"; an article entitled "MacPherson Report Condemned" in which they stated: "over the last quarter of a century, the racial-industrial complex, with its nasty, parasitical, semi-criminal fringe of self-styled anti-fascists and anti-racists, has emerged as a very serious threat to our freedom"; and a long article entitled "National Identity" by Gregory Lauder-Frost in which he argued "we must act now" and added that "within 20 years Britain's capital city will have a majority non-British population."
The organisation was wound up in 2001 following the death of its long-standing Patron, General Sir Walter Walker. It was succeeded by the Traditional Britain Group.

</doc>
<doc id="2884405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884405" title="Dominique Perrault">
Dominique Perrault

Dominique Perrault (1953, Clermont-Ferrand) is a French architect and urban planner. He became world known for the design of the French National Library, distinguished with the Silver medal for town planning in 1992 and the Mies van der Rohe Prize in 1996. In 2010 he was awarded the gold medal by the French Academy of Architecture for all his work.
He received his Diploma in Architecture at the Ecole Nationale Supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris in 1978. He also holds a postgraduate diplomas in Town Planning from the Ecole supérieure des Ponts et Chaussée and History from the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales.
He currently heads Dominique Perrault Architecture (DPA) in Paris.
Biography.
Leading figure of French architecture, Dominique Perrault is Professor at the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, a lecturer in France and abroad and a member of the Conseil scientifique de l’Atelier International du Grand Paris since 2012. After winning the competition of the Bibliothèque Nationale de France in 1989, he realized, amongst other projects, the Olympic Velodrome and Olympic swimming pool in Berlin, the extension of the Court of Justice of European communities in Luxembourg, the Olympic Tennis Stadium in Madrid, the Ewha Womans University or the Fukoku Tower in Osaka. His work is exhibited in major museums around the world. A solo exhibition showing all of his work was held at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris in 2008. He was also appointed Commissioner of the French pavilion architecture section of the Venice Biennale in 2010.
Dominique Perrault leads in parallel significant heritage rehabilitation projects including those of Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, Dufour Pavilion at Versailles and La Poste du Louvre in Paris. In spring 2014, Dominique Perrault inaugurated the tallest tower of Austria in Vienna, the DC Tower 1, icon of the new business district and the Grand Théâtre des Cordeliers [http://www.sn-albi.fr/contenu.php?id_rubrique=23] in the historical city of Albi, south of France.
Approach.
Four specific conceptual features were highlighted by the University of Architecture and Urbanism in Bucharest in May 2013 who granted Dominique Perrault the title of “Doctor Honoris Causa”. “The first feature, which is tightly connected to an imperative need of enriching the architectural language, regards the eloquent interpretation of some sources coming from artistic minimalism and conceptual art. With Dominique Perrault, the architectural design vocabulary is heading towards a reduction of syntax, not of morphology. The second concerns his open, flexible approach that accepts uncertainties and rejects dogmatism and the critique of the privileged role of style and composition in the modern architectural discourse. The third feature highlights the idea of how architecture should be understood as a part of landscape within the topography of fundamental relations. The fourth emphasizes his experience with space and materiality. Being inspired by the lesson of modernism, the curtain façades, detached from structure and enhanced by light, transparent or translucent screens of glass or metal seem to be a tribute to contemporary technologies, yet are not subservient to them. Innovation often penetrates the engineering level.”
According to Frederic Migayrou, “All of Dominique Perrault’s work questions the figural aspect of architecture, its ability to provide meaning, to build a dynamic image woven out of social and cultural values. […] Dominique Perrault weaves his position between rationalism that seeks to articulate laws for the composition of typological elements, and a structuralist understanding of architectural syntax, thereby increasing the possibilities of interplay between very disparate scales of symbolic values.” At the crossroads of disciplines, Luis Fernandez-Galiano reminds that “it is frequent to describe Perrault’s work in terms of the great tradition of French geometric monumentality; it is inevitable to relate his bold gestures in this area with that affirmative urbanism which treats nature as voluntary geography; and it is necessary to interpret the almost innocent simplicity of his fundamental drawings in the light of the conceptual or minimal practices which extend up to the limits of ‘land art’ and ‘arte povera’.

</doc>
<doc id="2884421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884421" title="St. Anne's Museum, Lübeck">
St. Anne's Museum, Lübeck

St. Anne's Museum () is a museum and art exhibition hall located near St. Giles Church and next to the synagogue in the south-east of the city of Lübeck, Germany.
The main building was previously an Augustinian nunnery, St. Anne's Priory (), built 1502–1515 in late Brick Gothic style. Since 1915 it has housed one of Lübeck's museums of art and cultural history containing Germany's largest collection of medieval sculpture and altar-pieces, including the famous altars by Hans Memling (formerly at Lübeck Cathedral), Bernt Notke, Hermen Rode, Jacob van Utrecht and Benedikt Dreyer. These are exhibited on the building's first floor.
On the building's second floor is exhibited a large collection of home decor items and interiors of different periods, showing how the area's citizens lived from medieval times up to the 1800s.
A modern addition houses special exhibits.
The museum is part of the Lübeck World Heritage site.
History of the building.
St. Anne's Priory and the associated church, which was constructed rather quirkily due to lack of space, were built 1502–1515 in late Brick Gothic style. The monastery was used mainly for the accommodation of unmarried women who were citizens in Lübeck. Following the suggestion of the Bishop of Lübeck the monastery and the church were dedicated to Saint Anne. A few years later the monastery was closed during the Reformation: the last of the nuns left in 1532. In 1610 a poorhouse was established here. Later, parts of the monastery were used as a prison. For this purpose another wing was built in 1778, the so-called "Spinnhaus" ("spin house"). The care of the poor and the custody of prisoners existed under one roof.
In 1843 parts of the monastery and the church were burnt down. During the restoration of the priory building, the church was demoished except for a few fragments that stayed as ruins.
Most of the rooms on the ground floor are preserved in their original condition: the cloister, the refectories, the "Remter" (the largest room of the nunnery, probably the working and day room of the nuns, and from 1733 the refectory of the poorhouse), the chapter house, and the sacristy of the nuns' church. In the south western corner of the cloister is the calefactory.
Museum for history of art and culture.
In 1912 the senate of Lübeck decided to convert the monastery into a museum. This caused changes of the ground plan in order to adapt the floorboards and wainscots of private town-houses. The opening of the museum took place in 1915 with some delay due to World War I. From 1920 to 1933, Carl Georg Heise managed the museum. In this era the acquisition of the Behnhaus and the assembly of its collection took place.
Collections.
Sacred art of the Middle Ages.
Thanks to an early decree of the senate for the preservation of "Memorials of the Antiquity and Art" (1818) and the resulting collecting policy of Carl Julius Milde in the 19th century, the museum houses the largest collection of medieval polyptychs (altarpieces) in Germany. It possesses the Grönauer Altar, the only preserved Gothic high altar of a church in Lübeck. The other altars kept here were mostly donated by guilds or merchants to monastery churches, e.g. to the church of the castle monastery or to the Saint Catherine Church. Among them are
Another outstanding piece is the "Group of Saint George" (1504), which was initially made for St. Jürgen's Chapel in the "Ratzeburger Allee" by the sculptor Henning von der Heide. The work of Hans Kemmer, a pupil of Cranach, embodies the changes of the Reformation and the Renaissance in Lübeck.
Besides the carved and painted objects, the museum also exhibits sculptures of the Romanesque and the Gothic periods, of which the most precious piece is the Madonna of Niendorf, made by Johannes Junge, which was found in 1926 in a barn in Niendorf in Moisling, Lübeck. Also remarkable is the Parable of the Ten Virgins, which was initially set up in the church of the castle monastery.
The Memling Altar in Lübeck
Council, guild, and church silverware.
A special collection of representative cups, goblets, pots, utility objects and derivative pieces give praise to the high technical skills of Lübeck's gold and silversmiths and the wealth of their customers. The date of origin for these objects is generally presumed to be after the reformation, due to Lübeck's mayor Jürgen Wullenwever ordering the melting down of medieval silverware in order to finance the war against Denmark (Count's Feud).
Lübeck's home decor.
The development of the middle-class home decor from the Renaissance to the Classicism can be seen in several rooms, which are partially made of Lübeck's private town-houses. In front of the background of contemporary art – amongst others by Godfrey Kneller and Thomas Quellinus, who made the bust of the councilman Thomas Fredenhagen in the baroque high altar of St. Mary's Church —, which reflects the taste of Lübeck's citizens, and the appropriate decor, made of porcelain by Fürstenberg and Meissen, one can well emphasize the depicted era. The greatest influence has a completely conserved baroque floorboard made in 1736. Annexed to this part of the exhibition is a special collection of Faience from Northern Germany in the upper floor, emphasizing the manufactures in Kellinghusen, Stockelsdorf, and Stralsund. Further, a collection of toys sheds light on past time activities of young Hanseatics. But the oldest hobby horse of the museum is within a group of children on the "Altar der Gertrudenbrüderschaft der Träger" (around 1509), which originates from the circle of Henning von der Heyde.
Chamber of paraments.
Surely another area worth noting is the chamber of paraments, which exhibits old liturgical clothes of some of Lübeck's churches and the main part of the parament treasure of St. Mary's Church in Gdańsk.
Photo collection.
Among the treasures that are not shown to the public is a collection of photographs. The collection was built up during the 1920s by Carl Georg Heise; included are approx. 450 artistic photos, among them are 212 photos by Albert Renger-Patzsch. It is the "Collection Showing the History of Photography" and the "Collection of Ideal Photography". Both collections were not continued after Heise's resignation in 1933 and fell in oblivion for a long time. A few years ago they were brought back into circulation, because the "Collection of Ideal Photography" is the most comprehensive collection of photographs of the New Objectivity in German (amongst others are works are opus by Renger-Patzsch, Hugo Erfurth, Umbo, and Robert Petschow).
Kunsthalle St. Anna.
Besides the St.Annen museum the monastery also contains the "Kunsthalle St. Anna". The architecture of the Kunsthalle, which was built modernly in 2004 and has the ruins of the former church and the monastery that burnt down in 1843, was a gift of the Possehl Foundation. In 2003 the architecture of the Kunsthalle, which was planned by the architects "Konermann Siegmund" from Hamburg/Lübeck, received the quadrennial star prize of the "Bund Deutscher Architekten" (Federation of German Architects) of Schleswig-Holstein. The Kunsthalle exhibits modern art of the 20th century.
Emphasis on self-portraits of modernity.
In September 2005, through the medium of Björn Engholm, the Kunsthalle St. Annen received the inimitable collection of Leonie von Rüxleben (1920-21 September 2005). This collection is the largest of its type in Germany. This collection enables the Kunsthalle to show approx. 1300 self-portraits of modernity in different exhibitions. But recently there appeared a conflict between the heirs of von Rüxleben and the museum's administration concerning the management of the inheritance.

</doc>
<doc id="2884429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884429" title="The Imposter (album)">
The Imposter (album)

The Imposter is the second full-length album by American singer-songwriter Kevin Max and was released on October 11, 2005 on Northern Records. The title and overall themes of the album draw inspiration from the writings of theologian (and friend of Max's) Brennan Manning, particularly Manning's books "Ragamuffin Gospel" and "Abba's Child". The title track, according to Max, concerns "the fight between the flesh and the spirit."
"The Imposter'"s musical textures are different from those found on "Stereotype Be". Gone are the Middle Eastern musical influences in favor of a mixture of ballads and faster rock songs with more pronounced classic rock and blues influences. The album's lyrics are also more straightforward than those on "Stereotype Be" and, perhaps in keeping with a simpler feel, no spoken-word segments are on "The Imposter", although there is a reading that opens "Fade to Red."

</doc>
<doc id="2884431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884431" title="Laurence Iannaccone">
Laurence Iannaccone

__NOTOC__
Laurence R. Iannaccone (, ) is a Professor of Economics at Chapman University, Orange County, California. Before moving to Chapman in 2009 he was a Koch Professor of Economics at George Mason University. He has established "Religion, Economics, and Culture", an interdisciplinary "Association for the Study of Religion, Economics, and Culture" (ASREC), and a new "Consortium for the Economic Study of Religion" (CESR). He is currently working on two books on the economics of religion. He is considered one of the pioneers of the field, and one of its most staunch advocates.
Iannaccone's education includes an MS in Mathematics and a 1984 PhD in Economics from the University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="2884434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884434" title="Pedro Mir">
Pedro Mir

Pedro Julio Mir Valentín (3 June 1913, San Pedro de Macorís – 11 July 2000, Santo Domingo) was a Dominican poet and writer, named Poet Laureate of the Dominican Republic by Congress in 1984, and a member of the generation of "Independent poets of the 1940s" in Dominican poetry.
His father, a Cuban mechanical engineer, migrated from Cuba to the Dominican Republic in the early years of the Twentieth Century to be hired as Chief of Engineers of the Cristóbal Colón Sugar Refinery. Soon he married a young Puerto Rican girl and had a son whom he named Pedro Julio.
Pedro Julio Mir spent his youth in the sugar refinery, which was located near the city of San Pedro de Macorís. His mother died prematurely, in 1917, which impressed upon him a profound sense of loss which he would later consider the root of his poetical vocation.
In the early years of the 1930s, Pedro Julio Mir started writing and publishing his poems in Dominican newspapers (under the full name “Pedro Julio Mir”), as well as showing them to his friends. One of those friends, without his consent, took some verses to Juan Bosch, a prominent Dominican writer of the time. Bosch noticed the natural poetic fiber of the young author, but dismissed the verses saying that the poet, though talented, should “turn his eyes to his country”. When Mir was informed of Bosch’s reaction, he decided then to write his first social poems and this time, he sent them to Bosch himself. Bosch made no immediate remark, however he had the verses published very soon in his column of the "Listín Diario", the most important Dominican newspaper of the time. The verses appeared under the name Pedro Mir (for some reason Bosch chose to drop the "Julio" middle name) and what later became a prophecy: "Is this young man the social poet we’ve been long waiting for?"
The next years Mir kept writing and studying, obtaining a Doctor Degree in Law from the Universidad Autónoma de Santo Domingo (UASD) State University in 1941 and starting a practice in an office of the Dominican capital, Santo Domingo. However, the pressure of the Trujillo dictatorship became unbearable, especially for anybody with social concerns. His poems were putting him up against the regime, so after receiving threats and feeling his life in danger, he fled to Cuba in 1947. The exile would last sixteen years, until the regime fell in 1963. During the exile he traveled to many countries, but spent most of the time in Cuba.
It was while living precariously in Cuba that he wrote his famous poem "Hay un país en el mundo" (There is a country in the world). Originally published in Spanish in 1949, it has been translated to dozens of languages.
In 1952, Mir published in Guatemala his "Contracanto a Walt Whitman (canto a nosotros mismos)" (Countersong to Walt Whitman (Song of Ourselves)), considered one of his most accomplished works. (Its title references Whitman's "Song of Myself".) Translated to many languages, the poem has been the subject of many studies in the United States and other countries.
Mir returned to the Dominican Republic in 1963, during the democratic government of President Juan Bosch. After Bosch’s government was overthrown the same year, Mir, seriously ill, traveled again for a while, though he finally settled with his family in the Dominican capital in 1968, winning the Chair of Aesthetics at the UASD.
Mir also committed himself to historical research. His essay "Las raíces dominicanas de la doctrina Monroe" (The Dominican Roots of the Monroe Doctrine) (1974) won the Annual History Award given by the Secretary of Education of the Dominican Republic.
In 1975, his poem "El huracán Neruda" (The Hurricane Neruda) also won the Annual Poetry Award given by the Secretary of Education of the Dominican Republic.
His only novel "Cuando amaban las tierras comuneras" (When They Loved the Communal Land) was published in Mexico in 1978 and has been highly regarded in the Dominican Republic as well as internationally.
In 1984, the Dominican Congress named him "Poet Laureate of the Dominican Republic".
In 1991, Mir traveled to New York to receive an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters, "honoris causa", from the Hunter College of the City University of New York.
In 1993, Mir was awarded the Dominican National Literature Award for his lifetime achievements.
Pedro Mir died peacefully on 11 July 2000 surrounded by his family, after a long pulmonary illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2884441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884441" title="Citizens Against Government Waste">
Citizens Against Government Waste

Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in the United States. It functions as a think-tank, 'government watchdog', and advocacy group for fiscally conservative causes. The Council for Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW) is the lobbying arm of CAGW, organized as a section 501(c)(4) organization, and therefore permitted to engage in direct lobbying activities. According to their web site, "CAGW is a private, non-partisan, non-profit organization representing more than one million members and supporters nationwide. CAGW's mission is to eliminate waste, mismanagement, and inefficiency in the federal government."
History.
Located in Washington, DC, CAGW was founded in 1984 by industrialist J. Peter Grace and syndicated columnist Jack Anderson, former members of the Grace Commission or President's Private Sector Survey on Cost Control.
CAGW's current President is Thomas A. Schatz. Schatz has been president since 1992.
Publications.
CAGW produces a number of publications critical of what it calls "pork-barrel" projects. The "Congressional Pig Book Summary" (Pig Book) is an annual list of such projects and their sponsors.
The "2008 Pig Book" identified 10,610 projects in the 11 appropriations bills that constitute the discretionary portion of the federal budget for fiscal 2008, costing taxpayers $17.2 billion. Related publications include Prime Cuts, a list of recommendations for eliminating waste in the federal government and Porker of the Month, a monthly press release.
Also, since 1989, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste (CCAGW) has examined Congressional roll-call votes to determine which members of Congress are voting in what they view as the interest of taxpayers. CAGW makes public what legislators are engaging in "pork-barrel" spending based on 'key' votes for each congressional session.
Activity of CAGW.
CAGW and CCAGW seek to influence public policy through public education, lobbying, and mobilization for email- and letter-writing campaigns. CAGW claims to have helped save taxpayers $944 billion through the implementation of Grace Commission findings and other recommendations.
CAGW was one of the critics of the 2001 $23.5 billion Air Force plan to lease and then buy 100 refueling tankers from Boeing Co. Congress squashed the plan after it was revealed that an Air Force official inflated the price in exchange for an executive job at Boeing.
CAGW was a prominent critic of Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.) and his efforts to secure a record $2.3 billion federal loan for a railroad company that once employed him as a lobbyist. The Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) cited an “unacceptably high risk to taxpayers” in denying the loan to the Dakota, Minnesota, and Eastern Railroad (DM&E) in 2007.
CAGW named Christopher Dodd (D-Conn.) its June 2008 Porker of the Month for accepting a preferential mortgage deal from Countrywide Financial which stood to benefit from a mortgage bailout bill he was pushing through Congress.
Controversies.
Microsoft's Antitrust Case (Litigation).
In 2001, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that at least two dead people sent a form letter by CAGW opposing the antitrust case against Microsoft to Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff. According to the Times, family members crossed out the names on the form letters and signed for them. This brought about the "Microsoft Supported by Dead People" controversy from Microsoft's and CAGW's opponents and the CAGW's response that they were not tied to Microsoft or to ATL despite Microsoft having donated money to CAGW.
Freeware Initiative.
In 2003, CAGW put out a press release opposed to what they called the "Freeware Initiative", which they claimed would have required ""that all IT expenditures in 2004 and 2005 be made on an open-source/Linux format"".
Responding to the press release, the state's secretary for administration and finance, Eric Kriss, denied the existence of a 'Freeware Initiative' and said the state was simply considering ways to integrate disparate systems using open standards such as HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol), XML (Extensible Markup Language) and Java. "I never heard that term. I never said it. We're not pursuing any kind of 'Freeware Initiative' and anyone who is saying that is making inaccurate statements," he said.
CAGW and tobacco.
The "St. Petersburg Times" reported that CAGW "got at least $245,000 from the tobacco industry", and subsequently lobbied on its behalf. Internal tobacco industry documents made available by the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement indicate that CAGW and its affiliates supported the tobacco industry in several instances. Specifically, in 2001 when an industry-sponsored bill entitled the "Youth Smoking Reduction Act" was introduced in Congress, CAGW provided a letter of support, despite the opposition of most public health organizations. CAGW was also contacted to by Phillip Morris to include ASSIST, a federal tobacco control program, in their Pig Book. ASSIST was considered an imminent threat to industry activities at the time.
Asked about his group's tobacco work, CAGW president Tom Schatz said, "We have always welcomed contributions to support the issues we support. Many of them have to do with fighting higher taxes and more regulations."
Other controversies.
Throughout its history, CAGW has been accused of fronting lobbying efforts of corporations to give them the appearance of "grassroots" support. In part, this is because CAGW has accepted donations from Phillip Morris, the Olin Foundation, the Bradley Foundation, Microsoft, Merrill Lynch, and Exxon-Mobil.
According to the "St. Petersburg Times" in 2006, the Pig Book has been used to benefit corporate donors, specifically health clubs who donated to CAGW. The Pig Book listed federal grants to YMCAs who compete with those health clubs as waste. CAGW's president countered that "The Ys are there because they qualify as pork. Period."
A Senate Finance Committee investigating ties between CAGW and other non-profits and Jack Abramoff in 2006 stated in a report that the non-profits: 'probably violated their tax-exempt status "by laundering payments and then disbursing funds at Mr. Abramoff's direction; taking payments in exchange for writing newspaper columns or press releases that put Mr. Abramoff's clients in a favorable light; introducing Mr. Abramoff's clients to government officials in exchange for payment; and agreeing to act as a front organization for congressional trips paid for by Mr. Abramoff's clients."'
In 2007, CAGW supported a bill that would limit damages resulting from malpractice lawsuits. Many consumer watchdog groups opposed the bill.
"Chinese Professor" ad.
The CAGW launched an ad, now commonly referred to as "Chinese Professor", which portrays a 2030 conquest of the West by China (cf. Yellow Peril), using local Asian American extras to play Chinese, although the actors were not informed of the nature of the shoot. Columnist Jeff Yang said that in the campaign there was a "blurry line between Chinese and Chinese-Americans". Larry McCarthy, the producer of "Chinese Professor," defended his work by saying that "this ad is about America, it's not about China." Other editorials commenting on the video have called the video not anti-Chinese.
One of the extra actors who took part in the ad reported that he was lied to by the producers who told him they were filming a scene for "Transformers 3". The same actor said "I saw the commercial and it’s pretty intense and one thing I did not know that the commercial would do, is put this almost red-scare type of fear in the eyes of Americans (effectiveness wise, the political ad works, not saying I agree with the tactics)." Chinese were baffled by the ad, especially by its exaggeration of Chinese economic power, given the fact that the average Chinese citizen still earns less than one-fifth of that is earned by an American citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="2884446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884446" title="Nancy Faust">
Nancy Faust

Nancy Faust (born March 11, 1947 in Chicago, Illinois) is the popular former long-time stadium organist for Major League Baseball's Chicago White Sox.
Biography.
Early life.
Faust grew up in the Chicago area, and began playing the organ at age 4 by learning from her mother, Jacquin, also a professional musician. She was also proficient at playing the accordion. After graduating from Theodore Roosevelt High School, she received a bachelor's degree in psychology from North Park College. During high school and college, she would often fill in for her mother at various engagements.
Chicago White Sox organist.
After earning a degree in psychology with a minor in education from North Park College, she chose to seek work playing at sporting events for a year before beginning a probable teaching career. She was hired to succeed Bob Creed as the White Sox organist for the 1970 season by public relations director Stu Holcomb, who had seen her perform at a banquet. Her original perch at Comiskey Park was an organ booth that was established in the center field bleachers in 1960 by Bill Veeck to encourage fan interaction. Almost immediately, Faust became arguably the first sports organist to include pop and rock themes while playing during the games. Tying creative tunes from TV commercials or popular songs to various players and game situations – not to mention her musicianship – she made a name for herself, and for years has been a major entertainment force at both the old Comiskey Park and the new Comiskey (renamed U.S. Cellular Field in 2003).
In the 1970s, Faust – along with announcers Harry Caray and Jimmy Piersall, plus Andy the Clown – became great crowd favorites at Comiskey Park. Usually, when fans think of Caray singing "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" they think of the Chicago Cubs, but many remember that it was Faust, whose arrangement got Caray so inspired he would bellow the song out loud to himself, who inaugurated this tradition. Owner Bill Veeck put a public address microphone on Caray, turning him into a cultural icon. Caray later moved from Comiskey to the Wrigley Field press box, taking the tradition with him.
Other Teams.
Though most commonly associated with the White Sox, Faust also played for other teams. She was the organist for the Chicago Bulls from 1975-1984, and for the Chicago Blackhawks 1984-1989, playing the pipe organ at Chicago Stadium. 
Honors and recognition.
Having become the team's "key player," Faust found herself appearing on ABC's "Good Morning America" and written up in Sports Illustrated as baseball's "MVO, or Most Valuable Organist", among other accolades. She was even awarded a RIAA gold record from Mercury Records, whose sales of the old tune skyrocketed after Nancy's version took the sports world by storm.
Fans have enjoyed being able to visit Faust during games and offer suggestions – first in her open-air position in Comiskey Park's upper deck, and later in a booth behind home plate at U.S. Cellular Field. She has also served as stadium organist for numerous other Chicago teams, including the Bulls (1976–1984), Sting pro soccer team (1975–1988), DePaul University Blue Demons basketball (1977–1981), and Blackhawks (1984–1989). Many other teams have sent their own organists to take notes from her and have occasionally brought her to perform at their own games. The NHL's Minnesota NorthStars hired her for the 1987-1989 seasons for games that didn't conflict with her Blackhawks duties, and the Phoenix Coyotes hired her for three games in February 2008.
The 2009 season was Faust's 40th as the Sox organist, and her approach to playing music at a baseball game is still considered the standard. Faust has missed only five scheduled dates in her career – the result of giving birth – and she did not miss any from 1983 through 2005. Starting with the 2006 season, she decided to cut back and only perform at daytime games. While this came as quite a blow to many fans, it is understandable with her closing in on four full decades with the Sox.
Her "Na Na Hey Hey Goodbye" theme is imitated by other teams and fans all over the world, many of whom may be unaware of Nancy Faust and her part in this phenomenon. Faust's talents have been recognized in a new exhibit at the Baseball Hall of Fame called "Women in Baseball." She was also a featured performer for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra upon clinching of the 2005 American League pennant.
Her mother, Jacquin Faust Soderberg Givers, who taught music following her own professional career, died September 4, 2007. She once filled in for Nancy at a White Sox game.
Nancy Faust is married to Joe Jenkins and has a son, Eric.
In October 2009, Faust announced that the 2010 baseball season would be her final season behind the keyboard.
Ten thousand Nancy Faust bobblehead dolls were presented to fans by the White Sox before their game on Sept. 18, 2010 at U.S. Cellular Field, with a ceremony held by the team in her honor. Faust was also profiled in a feature story in that day's New York Times.
On Sunday, October 3, 2010, Nancy played her last game at U.S. Cellular.
Nancy played during the Kane County Cougars' "Night of 100 Promotions" in 2011, and was brought back to Fifth Third Bank Ballpark to play at select Sunday games in 2012. Nancy will play at select Cougars games in 2013 as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2884447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884447" title="Killarney Airport">
Killarney Airport

Killarney Airport, , is located adjacent to the town of Killarney, Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2884454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884454" title="Noiseman Sound Insect">
Noiseman Sound Insect

The work is in Japanese and contains music and dialogue that are intricately linked.

</doc>
<doc id="2884457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884457" title="Samantha Tolj">
Samantha Tolj

Samantha Tolj (born 12 June 1982 in Perth, Western Australia) is an actress.
Her father is Croatian and mother is Anglo Celtic Australian.
Tolj began professional acting guest starring on "Stingers", "MDA", and a bit part in an episode of "Blue Heelers". The "Heelers" producers were impressed enough to bring her back for two episodes playing a prostitute in the eighth and ninth seasons of the show.
Tolj later joined the main cast, playing Kelly O'Rourke, a police constable, in 2004 as one of four new cast members. This led to her nomination in the 2005 Logie Awards for Best New Talent. She remained with the show until it ended in 2006. In 2007, Tolj played a guest role in "McLeod's Daughters". In 2010 Tolj joined the cast of "Home and Away".
Filmography.
And is now appearing in the new national Jim Beam commercial with Kyly Boldy.

</doc>
<doc id="2884460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884460" title="MusicPrinter Plus">
MusicPrinter Plus

MusicPrinter Plus is a DOS-based scorewriter program, created by Temporal Acuity Products, Inc.
History.
Music Printer Plus was developed by Dr. Jack Jarrett. It grew out of earlier work on a piece of software called Music Printer that ran on IBM PC and compatibles computers. It was first released in 1988 and was discontinued in 1995. Although a Windows version was planned, one was not developed. Plans for the Windows version evolved into Dr. Jarrett's current project Notion.
Capabilities.
MusicPrinter Plus contained some advanced mechanisms for its day, including playback of articulations and synchronization to SMPTE and other time code.

</doc>
<doc id="2884464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884464" title="Julia Coleman">
Julia Coleman

Julia Coleman, of the U.S. state of New York, was Superintendent of the Literature (publications) Department of the Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU). In 1868 she presented a lecture on "Alcohol our Enemy" at her church and quickly became involved in anti-alcohol activities. She wrote temperance articles for the National Temperance Publishing House and the "Youth's Temperance Visitor". She then became convinced that temperance should be taught in the schools, a belief shared by Mary Hunt, with whom she worked closely. In doing so she contributed significantly to Scientific Temperance Instruction and was an important part of the temperance movement. 

</doc>
<doc id="2884466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884466" title="Pascal Duquenne">
Pascal Duquenne

Pascal Duquenne (born 8 August 1970 in Vilvoorde, Belgium) is a Belgian actor. He shared the prize for a male role in 1996 Cannes Film Festival for his performance as Georges in the movie "The Eighth Day", with Daniel Auteuil, who played Harry. He currently lives in Brussels. He has Down syndrome.
In 2004 he received the very high civil distinction of Commander in the Order of the Crown (Belgium).

</doc>
<doc id="2884484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884484" title="Kennedy Lindsay">
Kennedy Lindsay

Kennedy Lindsay (1924–1997) was a Northern Ireland politician and a leading advocate of Ulster nationalism.
Born in Saskatchewan, Canada of Ulster Scots descent, Lindsay was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. After securing his PhD, he took up lecturing posts in North America and Nigeria before eventually settling in Northern Ireland and lecturing in the School of Humanities at the University of Ulster in Coleraine, County Londonderry.
Lindsay entered politics as a member of the Vanguard Progressive Unionist Party and was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly set up under the 1973 Sunningdale Agreement to represent that party.
His Eight Point Ulster Plan, produced for the Loyalist Association of Workers, had garnered him much attention and he soon rose to become one of the most prominent members of the Vanguard. As per CAIN, the Eight Point Ulster Plan's main points can be summarised as follows:
Deeply opposed to the Assembly, Lindsay had also grown disillusioned with unionism, and began to call for implementation of the ideas of W. F. McCoy, who had earlier called for Northern Ireland to be granted Dominion status. He felt that his plan, which he had intended to strengthen the Union, had been ignored and so moved to a more formal separation for Northern Ireland. In 1972 he published a paper, "Dominion of Ulster", in which he likened Irish Nationalists to the pre-World War two Sudeten Germans and described the late Stormont era as Ulster's "Vichy period".
Lindsay underlined this new-found commitment when, in 1975, he set up the Ulster Dominion Group, which would emerge as the British Ulster Dominion Party in 1977. The party contested local elections without success and also produced a newspaper, "The Ulsterman", which enjoyed wider circulation than the party had support.
Lindsay withdrew from politics after it became clear that the BUDP was not going to get anywhere. He then turned his attention to writing books about the British secret service operations in Northern Ireland, including "Ambush at Tullywest" and "The British Intelligence Services in Action". The former, "Ambush at Tullywest", would later be quoted by Sinn Féin MLA Mary Nelis in a Northern Ireland Assembly debate on security forces collusion in Northern Ireland. Lindsay briefly returned in 1982 to stand in an Assembly election in South Antrim as a candidate for the United Ulster Unionist Party, although he and his running mate Samuel Larmour came bottom of the poll.
In 1996 Lindsay made an even briefer return when he formed the British Ulster Unionist Party with the intention of standing in elections to the Northern Ireland Forum but in the event the party did not run any candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="2884497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884497" title="Calico Sunset">
Calico Sunset

Calico Sunset is a Bakersfield, California-based electro-pop band, comprising Joseph and Jenny. Calico Sunset is signed to Jeff Cloud's (Starflyer 59 and Joy Electric) Velvet Blue Music. Calico Sunset's debut album on VBM, "Deep Deep Paranoia," was produced by and featured Frank Lenz (Starflyer 59, Pedro the Lion, headphones) and featured Josh Dooley (MAP, Starflyer 59) on guitar. Shortly after the release of "Deep Deep Paranoia," Calico Sunset joined Joy Electric on a national tour. Calico Sunset has also shared the stage with such bands as Moving Units, The Fever, Starflyer 59, Freezepop, Broken Spindles (Joel from The Faint's solo project).
Biography.
Calico Sunset is a result of the union between Joseph and Jenny . Since joining, they have managed to create an eclectic breed of electro-pop. Not long after their formation, Calico Sunset found themselves playing a series of shows that resulted in their being signed to Jeff Cloud's (Starflyer 59 and Joy Electric) Velvet Blue Music label. Calico Sunset's debut album on VBM titled "Deep Deep Paranoia," was produced by Frank Lenz (Starflyer 59). "Deep Deep Paranoia" not only featured Lenz's producing and playing talents, but also featured Map's Josh Dooley on guitar. Shortly after the release of "Deep Deep Paranoia," Calico Sunset was asked to join Tooth and Nail veteran Joy Electric on a nationwide tour. After their last release title "If You Got It" (a self-released 7 inch) The Andreottis have been playing fewer shows, and as of January 1, 2008 their Myspace page has been deactivated, assuming they have broken up Calico Sunset.

</doc>
<doc id="2884498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884498" title="Tribes of Redwall Badgers">
Tribes of Redwall Badgers

Tribes of Redwall Badgers was published in 2001 as an accessory to the "Redwall" series by Brian Jacques.
Plot summary.
This booklet about badgers features trivia questions, a giant poster, and profiles of many of the badger characters that are featured in the series. They include cartoons, fun facts, and the story information. 
Illustrated by Peter Standley.

</doc>
<doc id="2884500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884500" title="Tribes of Redwall Mice">
Tribes of Redwall Mice

Tribes of Redwall Mice was published in 2003 as an accessory to the "Redwall" series by Brian Jacques. It was illustrated by Jonathan Walker.
This booklet about mice in the Redwall series features trivia questions, a giant poster, and profiles of many of the mouse characters in the series, including Martin the Warrior.

</doc>
<doc id="2884502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884502" title="Backyard Football">
Backyard Football

Backyard Football is a series of video games for various systems. The series was developed by Humongous Entertainment and published by Atari. It is one of several sub-series in the "Backyard Sports" series, and is the first to feature professional players as kids, examples being Steve Young and Barry Sanders. The series currently has eleven titles.
"Backyard Football" attempts to recreate the experience of playing American football as children.

</doc>
<doc id="2884506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884506" title="Detached eddy simulation">
Detached eddy simulation

Detached eddy simulation (DES) is a modification of a RANS model in which the model switches to a subgrid scale formulation in regions fine enough for LES calculations. Regions near solid boundaries and where the turbulent length scale is less than the maximum grid dimension are assigned the RANS mode of solution. As the turbulent length scale exceeds the grid dimension, the regions are solved using the LES mode. Therefore the grid resolution is not as demanding as pure LES, thereby considerably cutting down the cost of the computation. Though DES was initially formulated for the Spalart-Allmaras model, it can be implemented with other RANS models (Strelets, 2001), by appropriately modifying the length scale which is explicitly or implicitly involved in the RANS model. So while Spalart-Allmaras model based DES acts as LES with a wall model, DES based on other models (like two equation models) behave as a hybrid RANS-LES model. Grid generation is more complicated than for a simple RANS or LES case due to the RANS-LES switch. DES is a non-zonal approach and provides a single smooth velocity field across the RANS and the LES regions of the solution.

</doc>
<doc id="2884509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884509" title="Toypurina">
Toypurina

Toypurina (1760-1799) was a Kizh/Gabrieliño Native American medicine woman who opposed the rule of colonization by Spanish missionaries in California, and led an unsuccessful rebellion against them.
Born in 1760, Toypurina was 9 years old when the Spanish settlers first invaded what is now the Los Angeles Basin of Las Californias. She was 11 when Mission San Gabriel Arcángel was begun. She was 21 when Governor Governor Felipe de Neve founded the Pueblo of Los Angeles in 1781 Alta California. In time, Toypurina rose to be a powerful spiritual leader, respected for her bravery and wisdom. She was considered a great communicator, speaking with and trading with the dozens of villages in the many Kizh dialects and other indigenous languages of California used from Santa Catalina Island through the eastern foothills of the San Bernardino Mountains to the northwestern San Fernando Valley.
Revolt.
Like other Native leaders, Toypurina regarded the Spanish missionaries as a threat to her traditional status and authority. Using the "Japchivit ranchería" as her base of operations, she persuaded six other villages to join a rebellion against Mission San Gabriel Arcángel on October 25, 1785, with the intent of killing all of the Spaniard residents. She, along with three other men including the "neophyte" Nicolas José, who was angry that the friars forbade the mission Indians to hold their native dances, spearheaded the attack, but were unable to complete it. A soldier who understood their language heard people talking about the revolt and alerted the missionaries. "On the night of the attack, the Indians came to the mission armed with bows and arrows. Toypurina came to the mission unarmed but with the intent of encouraging the men to have the will to fight." (Hackel 2003) Toypurina and the other three men leading the attack were captured, tried, and punished.
When questioned about the revolt, Toypurina told the Spanish military judges that she had instructed Chief Tomasajaquichi of "Juvit" village to tell the mission Indians not to believe the padres. "I commanded him to do so, for I am angry with the padres, and all of those of the mission, for living here on my native soil, for trespassing upon the land of my forefathers and despoiling our tribal domains." Governor Don Pedro Fages found Nicolas José and Toypurina guilty of being the principal leaders of the attack.
During her trial, Toypurina stated that she wanted to become a Christian. It was decided that through “the event of her baptism in 1787, Padre Miguel Sanchez be allowed to exile her forever to the Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo (present day Carmel, California), the mission most distant then from San Gabriel Arcangel Mission, where she might live in peace, become married, end her days, and be free from the very active danger that threatened her from all sides amidst the Tongva/Gabrieliños. This would have very well been a reason for Toypurina’s change of heart. She knew what was in store for her if she was not banished. Her role in the revolt was probably for the well known historical reasons as to why Indians revolted against their missions: brutality (towards women as well), the destruction of food sources due to the introduction of cattle, and most importantly, her resentment toward the missionaries who were trespassing and living on her land.
Toypurina took a Christian name, given to her by Padre Miguel Sanchez, of Regina (meaning "Queen") Josepha. Two years after her Baptism, she married a Spaniard and soldier named Mañuel Montero, who had been serving at el Pueblo de Los Angeles, and received a tract of land from the governor. They lived in Monterey and had 3 children together (Cesario, Juana de Dios, and Maria Clementina). On May 22, 1799, Toypurina died at Mission San Juan Bautista in northern Alta California at age 39. Through all of these latter mentioned events, it is clear that Toypurina lived out her days as a Christian as the Padre expected her to at the time of her banishment.
Contemporary legend.
A fictional character sharing her name is the mother of "Diego de la Vega" in Isabel Allende's 2005 book, Zorro. In the novel, "Toypurina" is rescued by "Alejandro de la Vega" and also becomes a Christian, changing her name to "Regina". During her lifetime she saw the 5,000 Tongva who lived in the Los Angeles area reduced to 1,500 through imported disease and malnutrition.
On January 13, 2007, the 'Studio for Southern California History' included "Toypurina" as one of the many women who made significant contributions to California history.

</doc>
<doc id="2884514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884514" title="Stephane Groueff">
Stephane Groueff

Stephane Groueff, (May 22, 1922–May 2, 2006) was a writer, journalist and a political refugee, born in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Biography.
He was studying law in the University of Geneva when the communists seized power in his country in 1944. His father was Chief of Cabinet of King Boris III and was executed by the communists in 1945. Groueff lived in exile for 46 years: first in Switzerland and later in France and the USA. He did not return to Bulgaria until 1990 after the collapse of the communist regime. He was a reporter for the "Paris-Match" magazine and after traveling extensively as a foreign correspondent, he became its New York Bureau chief for 20 years until 1978. He also worked for Radio Free Europe, was a contributor to the Bulgarian Service of BBC and was active in a few emigre organizations and publications in exile. 
He was the first Bulgarian to visit Antarctica as a journalist and to have set foot on the South Pole; after Mario Anton Weller, MS-a Bulgarian American- who went to the Antarctic in 1971-1972 as chief of the expedition that installed there a satellite tracking station and antenna for the European Space Research Organization whose DG was Hermann Bondi (the project was led by Umberto Montalenti director of ESA's Operation Center). In 2002 the American University in Bulgaria, of which Stephane Groueff was one of the founding Board members, conferred on him the honorary degree Doctor of Humane Letters, and the President of the Republic of Bulgaria decorated him with the "Madara Horseman" order for "...his outstanding contribution to popularizing the Bulgarian culture the world over and promoting history science in Bulgaria and abroad." As a historian of the construction of the first atomic bomb, he was invited as a speaker at the 60th commemoration of the Manhattan Project in Washington D.C. and in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. 
Groueff is the author of eight non-fiction books in French and English, three of which, "Manhattan Project: The Untold Story of the Making of the Atomic Bomb", "Crown of Thorns", and "My Odyssey" were translated in Bulgarian. His autobiographical work, "My Odyssey", was published in 2002 in Bulgarian, and in 2003 in English The book is dedicated to his late brother Simeon, who "chose the harder road and lived in Bulgaria until his last breath." The author adds: "My destiny was to have an unusually diverse and colorful life, with many rewards, professional and personal. My odyssey has also its sad stages, but as a whole it is a lucky and happy one."
Groueff became a naturalized American citizen and lived in the last years before his death at age 83 in Southampton, New York. His wife, Lil, died the next day at the age of 89. A son and two grandchildren survived.

</doc>
<doc id="2884525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884525" title="Linda Solomon">
Linda Solomon

'Linda Solomon (born May 10, 1937, Boston, Massachusetts) is an American music critic and editor. Although she has written about various aspects of popular culture, her main focus has been on folk music, blues, R&B, jazz and country music. Living at 95 Christopher Street in Greenwich Village during the early 1960s, she became a columnist for "The Village Voice", capturing Village night life in club reviews for the weekly "Riffs" column.
"The Bet" is a memoir by Ted White describing Harlan Ellison, Linda Solomon and others involved in a curious incident at 95 Christopher in 1960. White wrote:
A dispute over the bandleader on one record in Solomon's collection prompted Ellison to bet his entire record collection against a single album in White's collection.
Reviews.
She began doing record reviews in the early 1960s. Her "Village Voice" review of "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan" (1963) has been quoted in several books, including David Hajdu's "Positively 4th Street: The Lives and Times of Joan Baez, Bob Dylan, Mimi Baez Fariña and Richard Fariña " (Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2001):
"ABC-TV Hootenanny".
In 1963-64, Solomon edited "ABC-TV Hootenanny", a magazine featuring the folk musicians who appeared on the television series "Hootenanny", telecast on ABC from April 6, 1963 to September 12, 1964. For one of the magazine's cover stories she interviewed Chad Mitchell and asked, "I've heard criticism of the Chad Mitchell Trio to the extent that politics and entertainment don't mix, that people come to a club or concert to be entertained and not to be confronted with the troubles of the world. Do you feel that your group is becoming too messagey?"
Mitchell responded:
Contributors to "ABC-TV Hootenanny" included Theodore Bikel and Jean Shepherd.
At the same time that Solomon was editing "ABC-TV Hootenanny", her friend Robert Shelton, with Lynn Musgrave, edited a different magazine with a similar title, "Hootenanny". While Shelton and Musgrave covered the full range of folk music, Solomon's magazine mainly focused on the musicians booked on the ABC series. This included such talents as the Anchormen, Eddy Arnold, Theodore Bikel, Oscar Brand, the The Brothers Four, the Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem, Judy Collins, the Cumberland Three, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, Pete Fountain, Judy Henske, Jim Kweskin & the Jug Band, the Limeliters, the Smothers Brothers and Doc Watson.
"NME".
In addition to work as a publicist for Chess Records, Solomon was the New York editor of "NME" during the 1970s. She has been a freelance contributor to numerous magazines and newspapers, including "Celebrity", "Country Music", "Crawdaddy!", "Down Beat", "Hit Parader", "NME", "The News World", "Nostalgia Illustrated", "Soho Weekly News" and "Us". Reviewing country singer-songwriter James Talley for the February 4, 1979 issue of "The News World", she wrote:
She has written liner notes for folk music recordings, such as "All Star Hootenanny" (Columbia, 1964), along with liner notes for such recording artists as Charlie Byrd, John Handy, Mahalia Jackson and Charlie Rich.
After 39 years living at 95 Christopher Street in New York, Solomon relocated to Houston, Texas in 1999.
Her father was the author-psychiatrist Dr. Philip Solomon, and her maternal uncle was the WPA artist Aaron Gelman.

</doc>
<doc id="2884536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884536" title="Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation">
Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation

Asubpeeschoseewagong First Nation (also known as Grassy Narrows First Nation or the Asabiinyashkosiwagong Nitam-Anishinaabeg in the Anishinaabe language) is an Ojibwa First Nation located 80 km north of Kenora, Ontario. Their landbase is the 4145 ha English River 21 Indian Reserve. It has a registered population of 1,455 as of June 2012, of which the on-reserve population was 951. They are a signatory to Treaty 3.
Governance.
The First Nation is headed by a Chief and 4 councillors:
The First Nation is a member of the Bimose Tribal Council, a regional non-political Chief's Council, who is a member of the Grand Council of Treaty 3, a Political Organization.
The reserve is also part of the provincial riding of Kenora-Rainy River and federal riding of Kenora.
History.
Although the Asubpeeschoseewagong people themselves say that they have always lived along the Wabigoon-English River northeast of Lake of the Woods, most historians believe that the ancestors of the Northern Ojibway were first encountered by Europeans near what is now Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario and thus were given the name Saulteaux. Their territory was on the northern shore of the Great Lakes from the Michipicoten Bay of Lake Superior to the Georgian Bay of Lake Huron. Participation in the North American fur trade was initially through trading of furs trapped by other tribes, but soon the Saulteaux acquired trapping skills and emigrated to their present location as they sought productive trapping grounds.
Treaty 3.
In 1871 Grassy Narrows First Nation, together with other Ojibway tribes, made a treaty with the Canadian government, The Crown, in the person of Queen Victoria, giving up aboriginal title to a large tract of land in northwestern Ontario and eastern Manitoba, Treaty 3 between Her Majesty the Queen and the Saulteaux Tribe of the Ojibbeway Indians at the Northwest Angle on the Lake of the Woods with Adhesions. In exchange a spacious tract of land, as much as a square mile of land for each family, in a favorable location on the Wabigoon-English River system was reserved for the use of the tribe. Tribal members were allowed to hunt, fish, and trap on unused portions of their former domain; the government undertook to establish schools; and to give ammunition for hunting, twine to make nets, agricultural implements and supplies, and a small amount of money to the tribe. Alcoholic beverages were strictly forbidden.
Old reserve.
On the lands they selected under Treaty 3, the old reserve, the cycle of seasonal activities and traditional cultural practices of the Ojibway were followed. The people continued to live in their customary way, each clan living in log cabins in small clearings; often it was half a mile to the nearest neighbor. Each parcel was selected for access to fishing and hunting grounds and for suitability for gardening. The winters were spent trapping for the Hudson's Bay Company, the summer gardening and harvesting wild blueberries which together with skins were sold for supplies. Potatoes were grown on a community plot. In the Fall, wild rice was harvested from the margins of the rivers and finished for storage. Muskrat were plentiful and trapped for pelts and food. There were deer and moose on the reserve which were hunted for meat and supplemented by fish. Work was available as hunting and fishing guides and cleaning tourist lodges. Whites seldom entered the reserve except for the treaty agent who visited once a year. The only access to the reserve was by canoe or plane. From 1876 to 1969 schooling was at McIntosh Indian Residential School, a residential school in McIntosh, Ontario.
Economic and environmental issues.
Mercury contamination.
The First Nation experienced mercury poisoning from Dryden Chemical Company, a chloralkali process plant, located in Dryden, Ontario that supplied both sodium hydroxide and chlorine used in large amounts for bleaching paper during production for the Dryden Pulp and Paper Company. Dryden Chemical company discharged their effluent into the Wabigoon-English River system.
The Ontario provincial government has initially told the First Nation communities to stop eating fish — their main source of protein — and closed down their commercial fishery. In 90%+ unemployment rate in 1970, closing of the commercial fishery meant economic disaster for the Indian Reserve. The closure also effected the tourism industry, where locals acted as guides for out of town fisherman. Walleye in local waterways are no longer safe to eat due to mercury contamination.
Both the paper and chemical companies ceased operations in 1976, after 24 years of operations.
Grassy Narrows First Nation received a settlement in 1985 from the Canadian government and the Reed Paper Company that bought-out the Dryden Pulp and Paper Company and its sister-company Dryden Chemical Company, but the mercury was never removed from the water and continued as of March, 2010 to affect the health of Grassy Narrows residents. The amount of mercury present in fish as of 2012 was low but a health advisory remains in effect. Consumption of fish, particularly Pickerel (Walleye), the local favorite, which is high on the food chain and concentrates mercury, remains dangerous for pregnant women and those with long term exposure. 
On September 8, 2007, Ontario announced that it had agreed to begin discussions with Grassy Narrows First Nation on forestry-related issues. The provincial government appointed former Federal Court of Canada Chief Justice Frank Iacobucci to lead these discussions. Iacobucci's discussions with Grassy Narrows will focus on, "sustainable forest management partnership models and other forestry-related matters, including harvesting methods, interim protection for traditional activities and economic development."
Deforestation.
The reserve's other environmental concern is the mass extraction of trees for paper. Abitibi Consolidated has been harvesting trees in the area. Local protestors have complained to the company and the Ministry of Natural Resources to demand a selective process. The community fears mass deforestation will lead to damage to local habitat.
On August 17, 2011, First Nation supporters won a victory in court, when "Ontario's Superior Court ruled that the province cannot authorize timber and logging if the operations infringe on federal treaty promises protecting aboriginal rights to traditional hunting and trapping." There were no immediate injunctions issued to stop logging activity, however.

</doc>
<doc id="2884540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884540" title="Baie-Comeau Airport">
Baie-Comeau Airport

Baie-Comeau Airport is located south southwest of Baie-Comeau, Quebec, near the St. Lawrence River.

</doc>
<doc id="2884548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884548" title="Canadair CF-104 Starfighter">
Canadair CF-104 Starfighter

The Canadair CF-104 Starfighter (CF-111, CL-90) was a modified version of the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter supersonic fighter aircraft built in Canada by Canadair under licence. It served with the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) and later the Canadian Forces until it was replaced by the McDonnell Douglas CF-18 Hornet.
Design and development.
In the late 1950s, Canada redefined its role in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) with a commitment to a nuclear strike mission. At the same time, the RCAF began to consider a replacement for the Canadair F-86 Sabre series that had been utilized as a NATO day fighter. An international fighter competition involved current types in service as well as development, including the Blackburn Buccaneer, Dassault Mirage IIIC, Fiat G.91, Grumman Super Tiger, Lockheed F-104G Starfighter, Northrop N-156 and the Republic F-105 Thunderchief. Although the RCAF had preferred the F-105 Thunderchief equipped with an Avro Canada Orenda Iroquois engine, eventually the choice for a strike-reconnaissance aircraft revolved around cost as well as capability. 
A Canadian government requirement for a license manufacture also favoured the Lockheed proposal due to a collaboration with Canadair based in Montreal. On 14 August 1959, Canadair was selected to manufacture 200 aircraft for the RCAF under license from Lockheed. In addition, Canadair was contracted to manufacture wingsets, tail assemblies and rear fuselage sections for 66 Lockheed-built F-104Gs destined for the West German "Luftwaffe".
Canadair's internal designation was CL-90 while the RCAF's version was initially designated CF-111, then changed to CF-104. Although basically similar to the F-104G, the CF-104 was optimized for the nuclear strike/reconnaissance role, fitted with R-24A NASARR equipment dedicated to the air-to-ground mode only as well as having provision for a ventral reconnaissance pod equipped with four Vinten cameras. Other differences included retaining the removable refuelling probe, initial deletion of the fuselage-mounted 20 mm (.79 in) M61A1 cannon (replaced by an additional fuel cell) and the main undercarriage members being fitted with longer-stroke liquid springs and larger tires. The first flight of a Canadian-built CF-104 (s/n 12701) occurred on 26 May 1961. The Canadair CF-104 production was 200 aircraft with an additional 140 F-104Gs produced for Lockheed.
Operational history.
The CF-104 entered Canadian service in March 1962. Originally designed as a supersonic interceptor aircraft, it was used primarily for low-level strike and reconnaissance by the RCAF. Eight CF-104 squadrons were originally stationed in Europe as part of Canada's NATO commitment. This was reduced to six in 1967, with a further reduction to three squadrons in 1970. Up to 1971, this included a nuclear strike role that would see Canadian aircraft armed with US-supplied nuclear weapons in the event of a conflict with Warsaw Pact forces. 
When the CF later discontinued the strike/reconnaissance role for conventional attack, the M61A1 was refitted, along with U.S. Snakeye "iron" bombs, British BL755 cluster bombs and Canadian-designed CRV-7 rocket pods. Although Canadian pilots practised air combat tactics, AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles were never carried operationally by Canadian Starfighters (however, examples provided to other air forces, such as Norway and Denmark, did carry Sidewinders on a twin-rail centreline station and the wingtip rails). The CF-104D two-seater did not normally carry any armament except for a centreline practice-bomb dispenser.
There were 110 class A accidents in the 25 years that Canada operated the CF-104 resulting in 37 pilot fatalities. Most of these were in the early part of the program centering around teething problems. Of the 110 class A accidents 21 were attributed to foreign object damage (14 of which were birds), 14 were in flight engine failures, 6 were faulty maintenance, 9 were mid air collisions. 32 struck the ground flying at low level in poor weather conditions. Of the 37 fatalities 4 were clearly attributable to systems failures, all of the others were attributable to some form of pilot inattention. 
The accident rate of the 104 compares favourably to its predecessor, the F-86 Sabre. In only 12 years of operation the F-86 had 282 class A accidents with a loss of 112 pilots. The Sabre was a also a simpler aircraft and was flown at altitude. 
The CF-104 was nicknamed the "Widowmaker" by the press but not by the pilots and crews of the aircraft. David Bashow states on page 92 of his book "I never heard a pilot call it the Widowmaker". Sam Firth is quoted on page 93 in Bashow's book "I have never heard a single person who flew, maintained, controlled, or guarded that aircraft of any force (and that includes the Luftwaffe) call it the Widowmaker". The pilots did refer to it, in jest, as the "Aluminium Death Tube", "The Lawn Dart" and "The Flying Phallus" but generally called it the 104 (one oh four) or the Starfighter. 
Low level attack runs in the 104 were done visually at 100 feet AGL and at speeds up to 600Kts. Low level evasive maneuvers could increase speeds to supersonic.
The 104 was very difficult to attack owing to its small size, speed, and low altitude capability. Dave Jurkowski, former CF-104 and CF-18 pilot is quoted "Because of our speed, size and lower level operations, no Canadian Zipper driver was ever 'shot down' by either air or ground threats in the three Red Flag Exercises in which we participated." 
The CF-104 was very successful in operational exercises held by NATO. The Canadians first took part in the AFCENT Tactical Weapons meet in 1964 and did so every year after that. This meet was a competition between squadrons from Belgium, France, Germany, USA, Britain, and Holland. Scores were based on several factors. Bomb accuracy, time on target, navigation, mission planning and aircraft serviceability. Pilots were chosen at random from the various squadrons to accurately represent operational capabilities. 
AFCENT Tactical Weapons Meet (attack era).
biennial schedule.
Royal Flush.
A competition for Recce squadrons. The Canadians first took part in 1966 and managed the following awards:
Tiger Meet.
A competition between NATO squadrons with cat mascots. 
In the late 1970s, the New Fighter Aircraft program was launched to find a suitable replacement for the CF-104, as well as the McDonnell CF-101 Voodoo and the Canadair CF-5. The winner of the competition was the CF-18 Hornet, which began to replace the CF-104 in 1982. All of the CF-104s were retired from service by the Canadian Forces by 1987, with most of the remaining aircraft given to Turkey.
Survivors.
The Florida based civilian Starfighters Demo team currently operate one CF-104D and two CF-104 aircraft under the company "RLB Aviation Inc".
Mark Sherman from Phoenix, Arizona owns and operates a single CF-104D under the company "Fuel Fresh Inc".

</doc>
<doc id="2884563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884563" title="Sam Coomes">
Sam Coomes

Samuel J. Coomes is an American musician, and one-half of the Portland-area indie band Quasi, along with drummer and ex-wife Janet Weiss. Coomes was also a member of the mid 1980s folk revival band The Donner Party and replaced Brandt Peterson as the bassist for the 1990s Portland grunge band, Heatmiser, playing on their final studio album.
Biography.
Coomes was born in Sherman, Texas in 1964 and moved to southern California as a child. He started playing in The Donner Party in San Francisco in 1983 and released two albums with them before they disbanded in 1989. He formed Motorgoat in Portland in 1990 with Janet Weiss (later of Sleater-Kinney) and they released two cassettes and one 7" single before disbanding and becoming Quasi in 1993. Coomes released a solo album under the name Blues Goblins in 2003 and sometimes performs under that name. He also performs on keyboards and vocals with the Oakland, California-based band, Pink Mountain.
Coomes currently lives in Portland.
Session work since inception of Quasi.
Coomes has done much recording work with other bands, mostly on keyboards and bass.

</doc>
<doc id="2884571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884571" title="We're All Gonna Die">
We're All Gonna Die

"We're All Gonna Die" is a hard rock band from Boston formed in 1998. The band is composed of vocalist/guitarist Jim Healey, bassist Jesse Sherman, and drummer Eman Pacheco. Former members include Russ Boudreau (Bass 1998-2006) and Scott Healey (Drums 1998-2008)
We're All Gonna Die released "End of the Line" independently in 1999. We're All Gonna Die signed with Underdogma Records in June 2003 and has released three albums on the label: "Go To Hell" on January 20, 2004, "The Wreck of the Minot" on April 26, 2005, and their newest CD, "Kiss the Ground, Curse the Sky" on March 25, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2884582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884582" title="Naotake Satō">
Naotake Satō

Home political career.
He was an active politician and diplomat. In 1905, he passed the Foreign Service exam and started to work at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. After serving as Mukden Consul General and executive secretary of the London Naval Treaty, he served as Imperial Japan’s Ambassador to Belgium in 1930 and to France in 1933. He became Minister of Foreign Affairs (Senjūrō Hayashi Cabinet) on March 1937, and resigned on June 1937, then was assigned as Diplomatic Adviser, Foreign Office, under 1st Fumimaro Konoye Cabinet and Hideki Tōjō Cabinet. He had served as the last Imperial Japan’s Ambassador to the U.S.S.R. before the Soviet invasion of Manchuria since 1942 upon the request of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Shigenori Tōgō. As Minister, he worked hard to avert war at the Imperial Diet. Allegedly, one of his missions as Japan’s Ambassador to the U.S.S.R. is to seek peace with the Allies through the assistance of the U.S.S.R. due to Soviet–Japanese Neutrality Pact under bad war conditions for Imperial Japan. However, Satō judged and reported to Tokyo that it was unlikely that the U.S.S.R. would assist Imperial Japan, because it was highly likely that Imperial Japan would lose the war, and urged it to end the war as early as possible. He was invited to the Kremlin by the U.S.S.R. Foreign Minister, Vyacheslav Molotov, on August 8, 1945, and received a declaration of war against Imperial Japan. After the war, he was elected as a member of House of Councillors of the National Diet of Japan in 1947, and served as a president of House of Councillors from 1949 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="2884585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884585" title="UDP Helper Address">
UDP Helper Address

A UDP Helper Address is a special router configuration used to forward broadcast network traffic from a client machine on one subnet to a server in another subnet. This is used primarily in business environments as way to save money by not having to buy a server for each subnet.
Usage Example.
In networking every machine is given a unique IP address. Groups of machines with similar addresses are considered to be part of the same logical subnet. One method of assigning IPs is DHCP in which IPs are given out by single server machine. Normally this machine is on the same subnet as its clients and can answer to their broadcast DHCP requests. However, in some situations the server is on a different subnet. The problem with this is that most routers in their default state do not pass broadcast messages to machines outside the physical subnet. Such messages are essential to the normal operation of certain network services such as DHCP.
To resolve this a UDP Helper Address is established in the router configuration to forward broadcast network traffic from the PCs to the DHCP server. The DHCP server responds with a unicast IP address from the given range. It reserves the IP address for the time it can calculate that it can get a response. If the client responds again with a broadcast it distributes the IP address. A helper address can also be used to forward certain other UDP network configuration messages. As a result a UDP helper address is sometimes created to allow two server machines to communicate across different subnets.
Implementation.
Cisco's first implementation of this protocol was introduced in version 10 of their router software. It is implemented through the use of the router configuration commands codice_1 and codice_2.
ip helper-address
To enable the forwarding of User Datagram Protocol (UDP) broadcasts, including BOOTP, received on an interface, use the ip helper-address command in interface configuration mode. To disable the forwarding of broadcast packets to specific addresses, use the no form of this command.
vrf "name"
(Optional) Enables VPN routing and forwarding (VRF) instance and VRF name.
global
(Optional) Configures a global routing table.
address
Destination broadcast or host address to be used when forwarding UDP broadcasts. There can be more than one helper address per interface.
redundancy "vrg-name"
(Optional) Defines the VRG group name.
Special Consideration.
The use of UDP helper addresses can cause issues with some Windows based network configurations.
See Microsoft's knowledge base for details.
According to Microsoft these issues stem from the fact that ports 137,138 are forwarded by default on Cisco routers. Since these ports are used by NetBIOS to help determine network configuration the added broadcasts can confuse the system.

</doc>
<doc id="2884586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884586" title="Theatre ballistic missile">
Theatre ballistic missile

A theatre ballistic missile (TBM) is any ballistic missile with a range between and , used against targets "in-theatre". Its range is thus between that of tactical and intercontinental ballistic missiles. The term is a relatively new one, encompassing the former categories of short-range ballistic missile, medium-range ballistic missile and intermediate-range ballistic missile. Two examples of this type of in-theatre missile are the Soviet RT-15 and American PGM-17 Thor missile, both from the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2884589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884589" title="Cross-selling">
Cross-selling

Cross-selling is the action or practice of selling an additional product or service to an existing customer. This article deals exclusively with the latter meaning. In practice, businesses define cross-selling in many different ways. Elements that might influence the definition might include the size of the business, the industry sector it operates within and the financial motivations of those required to define the term.
The objectives of cross-selling can be either to increase the income derived from the client or clients or to protect the relationship with the client or clients. The approach to the process of cross-selling can be varied.
Unlike the acquiring of new business, cross-selling involves an element of risk that existing relationships with the client could be disrupted. For that reason, it is important to ensure that the additional product or service being sold to the client or clients enhances the value the client or clients get from the organization.
In practice, large businesses usually combine cross-selling and up-selling techniques to enhance the value that the client or clients gets from the organization (and vice versa).
Cross-selling of professional services.
Benefits that can accrue to the customer include the efficiency and leverage that result from using a single supplier for multiple products. When buying complex professional services, like consulting needed to make and integrate an acquisition, the use of one firm reduces the fingerpointing that is common when a problem occurs in an area that straddles two or more services; if only one firm is responsible, fingerpointing is eliminated.
For the vendor, the benefits are also substantial. The most obvious example is an increase in revenue. There are also efficiency benefits in servicing one account rather than several. Most importantly, vendors that sell more services to a client are less likely to be displaced by a competitor. The more a client buys from a vendor, the higher the switching cost.
Though there are some ethical issues with most cross-selling, in some cases they can be huge. Arthur Andersen's dealings with Enron provide a highly visible example. It is commonly felt that the firm's objectivity, being an auditor, was compromised by selling internal audit services and massive amounts of consulting work to the account.
Though most companies want more cross-selling, there can be substantial barriers:
Broadly speaking, cross-selling takes three forms. First, while servicing an account, the product or service provider may hear of an additional need, unrelated to the first, that the client has and offer to meet it. Thus, for example, in conducting an audit, an accountant is likely to learn about a range of needs for tax services, for valuation services and others. To the degree that regulations allow, the accounts may be able to sell services that meet these needs. This kind of cross-selling helped major accounting firms to expand their businesses considerably. Because of the potential for abuse, this kind of selling by auditors has been greatly curtailed under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Selling add-on services is another form of cross-selling. That happens when a supplier shows a customer that it can enhance the value of its service by buying another from a different part of the supplier's company. When one buys an appliance, the salesperson will offer to sell insurance beyond the terms of the warranty. Though common, that kind of cross-selling can leave a customer feeling poorly used. The customer might ask the appliance salesperson why he needs insurance on a brand new refrigerator, "Is it really likely to break in just nine months?"
The third kind of cross-selling can be called selling a solution. In this case, the customer buying air conditioners is sold a package of both the air conditioners and installation services. The customer can be considered buying relief from the heat, unlike just air conditioners.

</doc>
<doc id="2884590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884590" title="Operation Nordseetour">
Operation Nordseetour

Operation Nordseetour was the first Atlantic sortie of the German heavy cruiser "Admiral Hipper" during December, 1940. 
The first attack, on troop convoy WS-5A, took place in December 1940. Although one of the escorting British cruisers, HMS "Berwick", was heavily damaged, the impact on the convoy was limited to damage to two merchantman. Engine problems and low fuel stores obliged "Admiral Hipper" to return to Brest. En route, she encountered and sank the freighter "Jumna". Repairs took about a month to complete.

</doc>
<doc id="2884595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884595" title="Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism">
Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism

The Religious Action Center (RAC) is the political and legislative outreach arm of Reform Judaism in the United States. The RAC is operated under the auspices of the Commission on Social Action of Reform Judaism, a joint body of the Central Conference of American Rabbis and the Union for Reform Judaism. It was founded in 1961.
Consistent with the political and social concerns of Reform Judaism, the RAC played a key role in important political events of the American civil rights movement, the struggles of Soviet Jewry, as well as the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Darfur. It hosted several meetings at which the groundwork for the various pieces of legislation, including the Civil Rights Acts and Voting Rights Acts, were laid. It also shielded civil rights marchers who were attacked by District of Columbia police.
Aside from its community organizing and direct advocacy work, the RAC has also been a hub of social justice programming for the Reform Jewish community. The L'Taken seminar series has given thousands of young Jews the opportunity to visit Washington, DC, and learn about public policy and Jewish values. The RAC also hosted a Passover Seder for the Dalai Lama in the late 1990s.
Its long-serving director is Rabbi David Saperstein.

</doc>
<doc id="2884596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884596" title="Cadillac Cien">
Cadillac Cien

The Cadillac Cien is a two-door Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive layout high performance sports coupé concept car created by Cadillac and unveiled at the 2002 Detroit Auto Show to celebrate Cadillac's 100th anniversary ("cien" is Spanish for one hundred, which compares the Buick Centieme). It was designed by Simon Cox and was featured in the 2005 film "The Island".
The Cadillac Cien had a longitudinally mounted 60-degree, 7.5-liter V-12 which produced and of torque. This experimental engine featured direct injection and displacement on demand, which allowed the engine to run on only eight or fewer cylinders under light load. The Cien was designed at General Motors' Advanced Design Studio in England and built as a fully working road-going vehicle with the help of the UK-based engineering and motorsport company Prodrive. The Cien's monocoque chassis and body are made of aerogel composite and its design was inspired by the F-22 Raptor.

</doc>
<doc id="2884613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884613" title="Michael Weiss (figure skater)">
Michael Weiss (figure skater)

Michael Weiss (born August 2, 1976) is an American former competitive and currently professional figure skater. He is a three-time national champion (1999, 2000, 2003) a two-time World bronze medalist (1999, 2000), and two time Olympic team member.
Personal life.
Michael Weiss was born in Washington, DC and comes from an athletic family. Weiss's father, Greg, was a gymnast on the 1964 Olympic team. Weiss's mother, Margie, was also a gymnast and national champion. His sister Geremi was a figure skater and junior national silver medalist; his other sister, Genna, was junior world diving champion.
Weiss graduated from Wilbert Tucker Woodson High School in Fairfax, VA. Weiss also holds an associate's degree in business marketing from Prince George's Community College. He was a member of the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society.
Weiss and his wife Lisa have two children: Annie-Mae and Christopher.
Career.
Weiss began skating at the age of nine. He competed 19 consecutive times at the U.S. Championships. 
At the 1997 U.S. Championships, he attempted to become the first American to land the quad toe loop. It was initially believed to have been successful but three hours after the competition, U.S. Figure Skating ruled the jump had been two-footed and did not ratify it. 
He was the first American to land a quadruple toe loop in competition and has been coached by Don Laws and Audrey Weisiger.
Weiss is the only skater to perform the Tornado, a backflip with a full twist, which he created. It is not allowed in competition, but it is a crowd favorite in exhibitions.
Weiss turned professional in 2006. He toured with Stars On Ice and has competed in Ice Wars.
Michael Weiss Foundation.
While still an eligible skater, Weiss started the Michael Weiss Foundation, which gives scholarships to up-and-coming figure skaters. Skaters who have received scholarships include Mirai Nagasu, Madison and Keiffer Hubbell, Daisuke Murakami, and Christine Zukowski.

</doc>
<doc id="2884617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884617" title="Cosmatesque">
Cosmatesque

Cosmatesque, or Cosmati, is a style of geometric decorative inlay stonework typical of Medieval Italy, and especially of Rome and its surroundings. It was used most extensively for the decoration of church floors, but was also used to decorate church walls, pulpits, and bishop's thrones. The name derives from the Cosmati, the leading family workshop of marble craftsmen in Rome who created such geometrical decorations. The style spread across Europe, where it was used in the most prestigious churches; the high altar of Westminster Abbey, for example, is decorated with a cosmatesque marble floor.
Description and early history.
The Cosmatesque style takes its name from the family of the Cosmati, which flourished in Rome during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries and practiced the art of mosaic. The Cosmati work has this peculiarity, that it is a glass mosaic used in combination with marble. At times it is inlaid on the white marble architraves of doors, on the friezes of cloisters, the flutings of columns, and on sepulchral monuments. Again, it frames panels, of porphyry or other marbles, on pulpits, episcopal chairs, screens, etc., or is itself used as a panel. The color is brilliant — gold tesserae being freely used. While more frequent in Rome than elsewhere, its use is not confined to that city. Among other places it is found in the Cappella Palatina in Palermo. Just what its connection may be with the southern art of Sicily has yet to be determined.
Although the Cosmati of 12th Century Rome are the eponymous craftsmen of the style, they do not seem to have been the first to develop the art. A similar style may be seen in the pavement of the Benedictine abbey of Monte Cassino (1066-1071), built using workers from Constantinople, making it likely that the geometric style was heavily influenced by Byzantine floor mosaics. However, the technique is different because Cosmati floors were made from many different size and shape pieces of stone, a technique quite different from opus tessellatum mosaics where the patterns are made from small units which are all the same size and shape. The stone used by the cosmati artists were salvaged material from the ruins of ancient Roman buildings, the large roundels being the carefully cut cross sections of Roman columns.
According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, this style of inlaid ornamental mosaic was "introduced into the decorative art of Europe during the twelfth century by a marble-worker named Laurentius known as "Lorenzo Cosmati"], a native of Anagni, a small hill-town thirty-seven miles east-south-east of Rome. Laurentius acquired his craft from Greek masters and for a time followed their method of work, but early in his career developed an original style. Freeing himself from Byzantine traditions and influences, Laurentius's style evolved into a decorative architectural mosaic, vigorous in colour and design, which he employed in conjunction with plain or sculpted marble surfaces. 
"As a rule he used white or light-coloured marbles for his backgrounds; these he inlaid with squares, parallelograms, and circles of darker marble, porphyry, or serpentine, surrounding them with ribbons of mosaic composed of coloured and gold-glass tesseræ. These harlequinads he separated one from another with marble mouldings, carvings, and flat bands, and further enriched them with mosaic. His earliest recorded work was executed for a church at Fabieri in 1190, and the earliest existing example is to be seen in the church of Ara Coeli at Rome. It consists of an epistle and gospel ambo, a chair, screen, and pavement. 
"In much of his work he was assisted by his son, Jacobus, who was not only a sculptor and mosaic-worker, but also an architect of ability, as witness the architectural alterations carried out by him in the cathedral of Civita Castellana, a foreshadowing of the Renaissance. This was a work in which other members of his family took part, and they were all followers of the craft for four generations. Those attaining eminence in their art are named in the following genealogical epitome: Laurentius (1140-1210); Jacobus (1165-1234); Luca (1221-1240); Jacobus (1213-1293); Deodatus (1225-1294); Johannes (1231-1303)."
Terminology.
Cosmatesque work is also known as opus alexandrinum. Definitions of this term, and the distinction between it and "opus sectile", vary somewhat. Some restrict "opus alexandrinum" to the typical large designs, especially for floors, using white guilloche patterns filled in with roundels and bands in coloured designs using small pieces. Others include any geometric design including large pieces, as in the picture from Spoleto (right side) below, whereas "opus sectile" also includes figurative designs made in the same technique.
"Opus alexandrinum" is another form of "opus sectile", where but few colors are used, such as white and black, or dark green on a red ground, or vice versa. This term is particularly employed to designate a species of geometrical mosaic, found in combination with large slabs of marble, much used on the pavements of medieval Roman churches and even in Renaissance times, as, for instance, on the pavements of the Sistine Chapel and the stanza of the Segnatura.
Examples in Rome.
Among the churches decorated in cosmatesque style in Rome, the most noteworthy are Santa Maria in Trastevere, St. John Lateran, San Lorenzo fuori le Mura, San Saba, San Paolo fuori le Mura, Santa Maria in Aracoeli, Santa Maria in Cosmedin, Santa Maria Maggiore, San Crisogono, San Clemente, Santa Croce in Gerusalemme, and the Sixtine Chapel and the Stanza della Segnatura at the Vatican. Outside Rome, Tivoli, Subiaco, Anagni, Ferentino, Terracina and Tarquinia contain remarkable cosmatesque works. Also, Cosmati built innovative decoration for the Cathedral of Civita Castellana.

</doc>
<doc id="2884620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884620" title="Aarón Sáenz Garza">
Aarón Sáenz Garza

Aarón Sáenz Garza (1891– 1983) was a Mexican politician. He was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León.
Biography.
Sáenz Garza served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs during Calles' time as President. During his tenure, he continuously defended the Calles Administration's decision to cut oil to the United States when US Secretary of State Frank Kellog tried to bargain for a deal. He soon became Governor of Nuevo León and maintained close ties with Calles; as Governor, he even sat with Calles when he questioned the assassin of President-elect Alvaro Obregon in 1928. It was also announced that Calles had plans to nominate him as the Chairman of the National Revolutionary Party. President Pascual Ortiz Rubio appointed him Secretary of Public Education on February 1930. By 1934, Saenz had been dubbed as the "Shadow of Calles" and was named Governor of Mexico's Federal District by Mexican President Lázaro Cárdenas. Cardenas and the Mexican Congress, however, soon turned on both Calles and Saenz and condemned their continued persecution against Catholics in the country. 
After leaving office in 1935, Saenz established a sugar corporation and quickly revolutionized sugar production in the country. He was also known as the "king of Mexican sugar", founding a dynasty which survives until this date, led by his son Aaron Saenz Couret and grandson Aaron Saenz Hirschfeld, at the head of the leading sugar company in Mexico. At one point, he held a virtual monopoly of Mexico's sugar industry. His monopoly, however, was brought down during the administration of Mexican president Adolfo Ruiz Cortines by 1953.
Saenz was married to Margarita Couret, with whom he had eight sons. For some time they all managed varied branches of the family's businesses, most of which have ceased to exist or passed into others' ownership. 
Most notable among these were:
Aarón Sáenz was related to Raul Saenz, a prominent Mexican businessman in Chihuahua state, as well as Moises Saenz, a prominent Mexican educator and diplomat.

</doc>
<doc id="2884630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884630" title="William of Sherwood">
William of Sherwood

William of Sherwood (or Shyreswood, Shireswood) (1190–1249) was a medieval English Scholastic philosopher, logician and teacher.
Little is known of his life, but he is thought to have studied in Paris, as a master at Oxford in 1252, treasurer of Lincoln from 1254/8 onwards, and a rector of Aylesbury.
He was the author of two books which were an important influence on the development of Scholastic logic: "Introductiones in Logicam" (Introduction to Logic), and "Syncategoremata". These are the first known works to deal in a systematic way with what is now called supposition theory, known in William's time as the "logica moderna".
Life.
William was probably born in Nottinghamshire, between 1200 and 1210. In common with many educated English men of that time, he may have studied at Oxford university or the University of Paris, or both. There are examples in his logical work which suggest he was a master at Paris. (For example 'No man lectures at Paris unless he is a smart person' / 'Whatever runs has feet, the Seine runs, ergo the Seine has feet'). Further evidence that he lectured in Paris is that those logicians who were influenced by his work also worked in Paris, such as Peter of Spain (around 1245), and Lambert of Auxerre (around 1250).
He is thought to have become treasurer of Lincoln Cathedral some time in the 1250s. The treasurer was one of the four principal officers of the English cathedrals whose duty was to keep the treasures of the church, the gold and silver vessels, ornaments, relics, jewels, and altar cloths. He would have had a personal residence in the Cathedral close, would have employed a deputy and a large staff, and therefore could be absent as long as he performed those duties that could not be delegated (source: Edwards).
He is mentioned by Roger Bacon, also a Master at Paris, as one of 'the more famous wise men of Christendom' one of whom is Albertus Magnus, another of whom is master William of Sherwood, 'the treasurer of the church of Lincoln in England, who is much wiser than Albert'. (Brewer, transl. Kretzmann).
The "Introduction to Logic".
William's main work is a small logic manual, "Introductiones in logicam". It survives in a single manuscript probably written in the late thirteenth century, headed 'Introductiones Magistri Guilli. De Shyreswode in Logicam', ("Bibliothèque Nationale, Cod. Lat." 16617, formerly "Codex Sorbonnensis" 1797). It did not appear fully in print until 1937, in Grabman's Latin edition, and was not translated into English until 1966, by Kretzmann. No other works that are definitely by him have ever been printed.
The book consists of Six Chapters. Five of these are expositions of Aristotle's main logical works, as follows: 1. 'Statements', corresponding to "De Interpretatione", 2. 'The Predicables', corresponding to "Categories", 3. 'Syllogism', corresponding to "Prior Analytics", 4. 'Dialectical Reasoning' corresponding to "Topics", and 6. 'Sophistical Reasoning' corresponding to "Sophistical Refutations". However, Chapter 5, 'Properties of Terms', contains material that is not in Aristotle, but is a distinctively medieval development, (Supposition theory) that deals with the semantics of propositions. The theory attempts to explain how the truth of simple sentences, expressed schematically, depend on how the terms 'supposit' or "stand for" certain extra-linguistic items, and tries to address the problem of sentential forms, like 'I promise you a horse', which do not appear to fit the standard syllogistic forms.
In this chapter William introduces what was to become a standard division of supposition into 'material', 'formal' and 'personal'. In material supposition, a term stands for itself, as when we say that 'Socrates' is a name (note that medieval Latin did not use quotation marks as in modern English). In formal supposition, the word signifies its meaning, as in "man" is a species. Formal supposition is similar to what is indicated in modern philosophical logic by italicising a common noun, as when we refer to the concept "horse". Personal supposition is approximately the relation we now call 'satisfied by', or 'denotes', as in 'the term 'man' denotes Socrates, Aristotle, &c'.
He discusses a number of problem cases. For example, the sentence 'every man sees a man' is true when there is a single man that every man sees (for example if 'every man sees Socrates' is true). But the sentence is also true when every man sees a different man, or when some men see a single man (such as Socrates), other men see another man, and innumerable cases in between. This is called 'confused' supposition. This instance of the problem of multiple generality, is now thought to be insoluble using the fixed schema of Aristotle's semantics.
William's work spurred a development of logic in the thirteenth century under the general designation "De Proprietibus Terminorum". Those who engaged in this part of logic were called the "Moderni", or "Terministae". Its most detailed treatment is found in Ockham, and in the works of those who followed him.
Legacy.
Now, William is perhaps best known for a mnemonic poem to help students remember the names of the valid syllogistic forms:
Barbara celarent darii ferio baralipton<br>
Celantes dabitis fapesmo frisesomorum;<br>
Cesare campestres festino baroco; darapti<br>
Felapton disamis datisi bocardo ferison
This verse may not have originated with him, but it is the oldest known surviving version. Peter Hispanus later gives an account of the verses which is more detailed, and also one which lacks mistakes in William's version. According to Kretzmann, this strongly suggests their source is a single earlier version, now lost.

</doc>
<doc id="2884635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884635" title="Pic du Midi d'Ossau">
Pic du Midi d'Ossau

The Pic du Midi d'Ossau (2,884 m) is a mountain rising above the Ossau Valley in the French Pyrenees. Despite possessing neither a glacier nor, in the context of the range, a particularly high summit, its distinctive shape makes it a symbol of the French side of the Pyrenees. This familiar shape also makes it easily recognisable from afar, and it is particularly distinctive from the Boulevard des Pyrénées in Pau, some 55 km to the north.
As normally seen from the north, the mountain presents itself as having two distinct peaks, although from the south two other summits are also visible. It stands separate from any surrounding peaks, being largely surrounded by the valleys of the Gave de Bious, to the west, and the Gave du Brousset, to the east. These two mountain streams come together in the hamlet of Gabas at the foot of the mountain's northern slopes, to form the Gave d'Ossau. 
The Pic du Midi d'Ossau was reputedly first climbed in 1552 by an expedition led by François de Foix-Candale, later to become the Bishop of Aire. Although the success of this first climb is disputed, it is known that the mountain had been successfully climbed by 1787 when a military surveyor noted that a triangulation cairn had been built on the summit. The first fully recorded climb was by Guillaume Delfau accompanied by Mathieu (an Eaux-Bonnes shepherd) on October 2, 1797.
The mountain offers many routes of ascent; the "voie normale" is a serious scramble and rock climb with a grading of PD, II+, 550 m. It approaches the summit via the Refuge de Pombie, a Club Alpin Francais owned mountain hut situated at , and requires most of a day to execute.
Politically, the mountain lies within the "commune" of Laruns, in the "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques and the Aquitaine region of France. It lies within the fully protected area of the Pyrenees National Park.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2884650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884650" title="Tirian">
Tirian

King Tirian (born between 2530 and 2535, Narnian time) is a fictional character from C. S. Lewis's fantasy series "The Chronicles of Narnia". He is the protagonist of "The Last Battle", in which he is the last King of Narnia, who has to defend his kingdom against subversion and invasion. He is well respected by the Narnians, and a skilled swordsman. He is descended from Prince Caspian, and is the son of King Erlian. His closest friend is Jewel the Unicorn.
Troubles in Narnia cause King Tirian to doubt the purported return of Aslan. Enraged at Calormene treatment of a talking beast, he and Jewel slay the men, but are then filled with guilt at this act and surrender to the Calormene enclave and Shift. There Tirian witnesses the fraudulent exhibition of 'Aslan' and is sentenced to death by Shift. He prays for Aslan or the friends of Narnia to come save Narnia, and Eustace and Jill come to his rescue. 
He leads an assault upon the Calormenes at the stable and, on the verge of defeat, wrestles their leader Rishda Tarkaan into the stable to meet Tash. There he finds himself in Aslan's Country, meets High King Peter, King Edmund, Lord Digory, Lady Polly and Queen Lucy, and witnesses the final part of Narnia.

</doc>
<doc id="2884656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884656" title="Ostrogothic Kingdom">
Ostrogothic Kingdom

The Ostrogothic Kingdom was established by the Ostrogoths in Italy and neighbouring areas from 493 to 553.
In Italy the Ostrogoths, led by Theoderic the Great, killed and replaced Odoacer, a Germanic soldier, erstwhile-leader of the "foederati" in northern Italy, and the "de facto" ruler of Italy, who had deposed the last emperor of the Western Roman Empire, Romulus Augustulus, in 476. Under Theoderic, its first king, the Ostrogothic kingdom reached its zenith, stretching from modern France in the west into modern Serbia in the southeast. Most of the social institutions of the late Western Roman Empire were preserved during his rule.
Starting in 535, the Eastern Roman Empire (the Byzantine Empire) invaded Italy under Justinian I. The Ostrogothic ruler at that time, Witiges, could not defend successfully and was finally captured when the capital Ravenna fell. The Ostrogoths rallied around a new leader, Totila, and largely managed to reverse the conquest, but were eventually defeated. The last king of the Ostrogothic Kingdom was Teia.
History.
Background.
Ostrogoths.
The Ostrogoths were the eastern branch of the Goths. They settled and established a powerful state in Dacia, but during the late 4th century, they came under the dominion of the Huns. After the collapse of the Hunnic empire in 454, large numbers of Ostrogoths were settled by Emperor Marcian in the Roman province of Pannonia as "foederati". But in 460, during the reign of Leo I, because the payment of annual sums had ceased, they ravaged Illyricum. Peace was concluded in 461, whereby the young Theoderic Amal, son of Theodemir of the Amals, was sent as a hostage to Constantinople, where he received a Roman education.
In previous years, a large number of Goths, first under Aspar and then under Theodoric Strabo, had entered service in the Roman army and were a significant political and military power in the court of Constantinople. The period 477-483 saw a complex three-way struggle among Theoderic the Amal, who had succeeded his father in 474, Theodoric Strabo, and the new Eastern Emperor Zeno. In this conflict, alliances shifted regularly, and large parts of the Balkans were devastated by it.
In the end, after Strabo's death in 481, Zeno came to terms with Theoderic. Parts of Moesia and Dacia ripensis were ceded to the Goths, and Theoderic was named "magister militum praesentalis" and consul for 484. Barely a year later, Theoderic and Zeno fell out, and again Theoderic's Goths ravaged Thrace. It was then that the thought occurred to Zeno and his advisors to kill two birds with one stone, and direct Theoderic against another troublesome neighbor of the Empire - the Italian kingdom of Odoacer.
Odoacer's kingdom (476–493).
In 476, Odoacer, a Germanic "magister militum", deposed the Western Emperor Romulus Augustulus and declared himself "rex Italiae" ("King of Italy"), while still nominally remaining under Imperial suzerainty. This fact was recognized by Zeno in 477, when he appointed Odoacer to the rank of patrician. Odoacer retained the Roman administrative system, cooperated actively with the Roman Senate, and his rule was efficient and successful. He evicted the Vandals from Sicily in 477, and in 480 he conquered Dalmatia after the murder of Julius Nepos.
Conquest of Italy by the Goths (488–493).
An agreement was reached between Zeno and Theoderic, stipulating that Theoderic, if victorious, was to rule in Italy as the emperor's representative. Theoderic with his people set out from Moesia in the autumn of 488, passed through Dalmatia and crossed the Julian Alps into Italy in late August 489. The first confrontation with the army of Odoacer was at the river Isonzo (the battle of Isonzo) on August 28. Odoacer was defeated and withdrew towards Verona, where a month later another battle was fought, resulting in a bloody, but crushing, Gothic victory.
Odoacer fled to his capital at Ravenna, while the larger part of his army under Tufa surrendered to the Goths. Theoderic then sent Tufa and his men against Odoacer, but he changed his allegiance again and returned to Odoacer. In 490, Odoacer was thus able to campaign against Theoderic, take Milan and Cremona and besiege the main Gothic base at Ticinum (Pavia). At that point, however, the Visigoths intervened, the siege of Ticinum was lifted, and Odoacer was decisively defeated at the river Adda on 11 August 490. Odoacer fled again to Ravenna, while the Senate and many Italian cities declared themselves for Theoderic.
Theoderic kills Odoacer (493).
The Goths now turned to besiege Ravenna, but since they lacked a fleet and the city could be resupplied by sea, the siege could be endured almost indefinitely, despite privations. It was not until 492 that Theoderic was able to procure a fleet and capture Ravenna's harbours, thus entirely cutting off communication with the outside world. The effects of this appeared six months later, when, with the mediation of the city's bishop, negotiations started between the two parties.
An agreement was reached on 25 February 493, whereby the two should divide Italy between them. A banquet was organised in order to celebrate this treaty. It was at this banquet, on March 15, that Theoderic, after making a toast, killed Odoacer with his own hands. A general massacre of Odoacer's soldiers and supporters followed. Theoderic and his Goths were now masters of Italy.
Reign of Theoderic the Great (493–526).
Theoderic's rule.
Like Odoacer, Theoderic was ostensibly a "patricius" and subject of the emperor in Constantinople, acting as his viceroy for Italy, a position recognized by the new Emperor Anastasius in 497. At the same time, he was the king of his own people, who were not Roman citizens. In reality, he acted as an independent ruler, although unlike Odoacer, he meticulously preserved the outward forms of his subordinate position.
The administrative machinery of Odoacer's kingdom, in essence that of the former Empire, was retained and continued to be staffed exclusively by Romans, such as the articulate and literate Cassiodorus. The Senate continued to function normally and was consulted on civil appointments, and the laws of the Empire were still recognized as ruling the Roman population, though Goths were ruled under their own traditional laws. Indeed, as a subordinate ruler, Theoderic did not possess the right to issue his own laws ("leges") in the system of Roman law, but merely edicts ("edicta"), or clarifications on certain details.
The continuity in administration is illustrated by the fact that several senior ministers of Odoacer, like Liberius and Cassiodorus the Elder, were retained in the new kingdom's top positions. The close cooperation between Theoderic and the Roman elite began to break down in later years, especially after the healing of the ecclesiastical rift between Rome and Constantinople (see below), as leading senators conspired with the Emperor. This resulted in the arrest and execution of the "magister officiorum" Boethius and his father-in-law, Symmachus, in 524.
On the other hand, the army and all military offices remained the exclusive preserve of the Goths. The Goths were settled mostly in northern Italy, and kept themselves largely apart from the Roman population, a tendency reinforced by their different faiths: the Goths were mostly Arians, while the people they ruled over were following Chalcedonian Christianity. Nevertheless, and unlike the Visigoths or the Vandals, there was considerable religious tolerance, which was also extended towards Jews.
Theoderic's view was clearly expressed in his letters to the Jews of Genoa: "The true mark of "civilitas" is the observance of law. It is this which makes life in communities possible, and which separates man from the brutes. We therefore gladly accede to your request that all the privileges which the foresight of antiquity conferred upon the Jewish customs shall be renewed to you..." and "We cannot order a religion, because no one can be forced to believe against his will."
Relations with the Germanic states of the West.
It is in his foreign policy rather than domestic affairs that Theoderic appeared and acted as an independent ruler. By means of marriage alliances, he sought to establish a central position among the barbarian states of the West. As Jordanes states: "...there was no race left in the western realms which Theoderic had not befriended or brought into subjection during his lifetime." This was in part meant as a defensive measure, and in part as a counterbalance to the influence of the Empire. His daughters were wedded to the Visigothic king Alaric II and the Burgundian prince Sigismund, his sister Amalfrida married the Vandal king Thrasamund, while he himself married Audofleda, sister of the Frankish king Clovis I.
These policies were not always successful in maintaining peace: Theoderic found himself at war with Clovis when the latter attacked the Visigoth dominions in Gaul in 506. The Franks were rapidly successful, killing Alaric in the Battle of Vouillé and subduing Aquitania by 507. However, starting in 508, Theoderic's generals campaigned in Gaul, and were successful in saving Septimania for the Visigoths, as well as extending Ostrogothic rule into southern Gaul (Provence) at the expense of the Burgundians. There in 510 Theoderic reestablished the defunct praetorian prefecture of Gaul. Now Theoderic had a common border with the Visigothic kingdom, where, after Alaric's death, he also ruled as regent of his infant grandson Amalaric.
Family bonds also served little with Sigismund, who as a staunch Chalcedonian Catholic cultivated close ties to Constantinople. Theoderic perceived this as a threat and intended to campaign against him, but the Franks acted first and invaded Burgundy in 523, quickly subduing it. Theoderic could only react by expanding his domains in the Provence north of the river Durance up to the Isère River.
The peace with the Vandals, secured in 500 with the marriage alliance with Thrasamund, and their common interests as Arian powers against Constantinople, collapsed after Thrasamund's death in 523. His successor Hilderic showed favour to the Nicaean Catholics, and when Amalfrida protested, he had her and her entourage murdered. Theoderic was preparing an expedition against him when he died.
Relations with the Empire.
Theoderic's relations with his nominal suzerain, the Eastern Roman Emperor, were always strained, for political as well as for religious reasons. Especially during the reign of Anastasius, these led to several collisions, none of which however escalated into general warfare. In 504-505, Theoderic's forces launched a campaign to recover Pannonia and the strategically important town of Sirmium, formerly parts of the praetorian prefecture of Italy, which were now occupied by the Gepids.
The campaign was successful, but it also led to a brief conflict with imperial troops, where the Goths and their allies were victorious. Domestically, the Acacian schism between the patriarchates of Rome and Constantinople, caused by imperial support for the "Henotikon", as well as Anastasius' Monophysite beliefs, played into Theoderic's hands, since the clergy and the Roman aristocracy of Italy, headed by Pope Symmachus, vigorously opposed them.
Thus, for a time, Theoderic could count on their support. The war between the Franks and Visigoths led to renewed friction between Theoderic and the Emperor, as Clovis successfully portrayed himself as the champion of the Catholic Church against the "heretical" Arian Goths, gaining the Emperor's support. This even led to the dispatch of a fleet by Anastasius in 508, which ravaged the coasts of Apulia.
With the ascension of Justin I in 518, a more harmonious relationship seemed to be restored. Eutharic, Theoderic's son-in-law and designated successor, was appointed consul for the year 519, while in 522, to celebrate the healing of the Acacian schism, Justin allowed both consuls to be appointed by Theoderic. Soon, however, renewed tension would result from Justin's anti-Arian legislation, and tensions grew between the Goths and the Senate, whose members, as Chalcedonians, now shifted their support to the Emperor.
The suspicions of Theoderic were confirmed by the interception of compromising letters between leading senators and Constantinople, which led to the imprisonment and execution of Boethius in 524. Pope John I was sent to Constantinople to mediate on the Arians' behalf, and, although he achieved his mission, on his return he was imprisoned and died shortly after. These events further stirred popular sentiment against the Goths.
Death of Theoderic and dynastic disputes (526–535).
After the death of Theoderic on 30 August 526, his achievements began to collapse. Since Eutharic had died in 523, Theoderic was succeeded by his infant grandson Athalaric, supervised by his mother, Amalasuntha, as regent. The lack of a strong heir caused the network of alliances that surrounded the Ostrogothic state to disintegrate: the Visigothic kingdom regained its autonomy under Amalaric, the relations with the Vandals turned increasingly hostile, and the Franks embarked again on expansion, subduing the Thuringians and the Burgundians and almost evicting the Visigoths from their last holdings in southern Gaul. The position of predominance which the Ostrogothic Kingdom had enjoyed under Theoderic in the West now passed irrevocably to the Franks.
This dangerous external climate was exacerbated by the regency's weak domestic position. Amalasuntha was Roman-educated and intended to continue her father's policies of conciliation between Goths and Romans. To that end, she actively courted the support of the Senate and the newly ascended Emperor Justinian I, even providing him with bases in Sicily during the Vandalic War. However, these ideas did not find much favour with the Gothic nobles, who in addition resented being ruled by a woman. They protested when she resolved to give her son a Roman education, preferring that Athalaric be raised as a warrior. She was forced to discharge his Roman tutors, but instead Athalaric turned to a life of dissipation and excess, which would send him to a premature death.
Eventually, a conspiracy started among the Goths to overthrow her. Amalasuntha resolved to move against them, but as a precaution, she also made preparations to flee to Constantinople, and even wrote to Justinian asking for protection. In the event she managed to execute the three leading conspirators, and her position remained relatively secure until, in 533, Athalaric's health began to seriously decline.
Amalasuntha then turned for support to her only relative, her cousin Theodahad, while at the same time sending ambassadors to Justinian and proposing to cede Italy to him. Justinian indeed sent an able agent of his, Peter of Thessalonica, to carry out the negotiations, but before he had even crossed into Italy, Athalaric had died (on 2 October 534), Amalasuntha had crowned Theodahad as king in an effort to secure his support, and he had deposed and imprisoned her. Theodahad, who was of a peaceful disposition, immediately sent envoys to announce his ascension to Justinian and to reassure him of Amalasuntha's safety.
Justinian immediately reacted by offering his support to the deposed queen, but in early May 535, she was executed. This crime served as a perfect excuse for Justinian, fresh from his forces' victory over the Vandals, to invade the Gothic realm in retaliation. Theodahad tried to prevent the war, sending his envoys to Constantinople, but Justinian was already resolved to reclaim Italy. Only by renouncing his throne in the Empire's favour could Theodahad hope to avert war.
The Gothic War and end of the Ostrogothic Kingdom (535–554).
The Gothic War between the Eastern Roman Empire and the Ostrogothic Kingdom was fought from 535 until 554 in Italy, Dalmatia, Sardinia, Sicily and Corsica. It is commonly divided into two phases. The first phase lasted from 535 to 540 and ended with the fall of Ravenna and the apparent reconquest of Italy by the Byzantines.
During the second phase (540/541–553), Goths' resistance was reinvigorated under Totila and put down only after a long struggle by Narses, who also repelled the 554 invasion by the Franks and Alamanni. In the same year, Justinian promulgated the Pragmatic Sanction which prescribed Italy's new government. Several cities in northern Italy continued to hold out, however, until the early 560s.
The war had its roots in the ambition of Roman Emperor Justinian to recover the provinces of the former Western Roman Empire, which had been lost to invading barbarian tribes in the previous century (the Migration Period). By the end of the conflict Italy was devastated and considerably depopulated. As a consequence, the victorious Byzantines found themselves unable to resist the invasion of the Lombards in 568, which resulted in the loss of large parts of the Italian peninsula.
Cultural.
Architecture.
Because of the kingdom's short history, no fusion of the two peoples and their art was achieved. However, under the patronage of Theoderic and Amalasuntha, large-scale restoration of ancient Roman buildings was undertaken, and the tradition of Roman civic architecture continued. In Ravenna, new churches and monumental buildings were erected, several of which survive.
The Basilica of Sant'Apollinare Nuovo, its baptistry, and the Archiepiscopal Chapel follow the typical late Roman architectural and decorative motifs, but the Mausoleum of Theoderic displays purely Gothic elements, such as its construction not from the usual brick, but of massive slabs of Istrian limestone, or the 300-ton single-piece roof stone.
Literature.
All of the surviving literature written in the Ostrogothic kingdom is in Latin, though some older works were copied in Greek and Gothic (e.g. the Codex Argenteus), and the literature is solidly in the Greco-Roman tradition. Cassiodorus, hailing from a distinguished background, and himself entrusted with high offices (consul and "magister officiorum") represents the Roman ruling class. Like many others of his background, he served Theoderic and his heirs loyally and well, something expressed in the writings of the period.
In his "Chronica", used later by Jordanes in his "Getica", as well as in the various panegyrics written by him and other prominent Romans of the time for the Gothic kings, Roman literary and historical tradition is put in the service of their Gothic overlords. His privileged position enabled him to compile the "Variae Epistolae", a collection of state correspondence, which gives great insight into the inner workings of the Gothic state. Boethius is another prominent figure of the period. Well-educated and also from a distinguished family, he wrote works on mathematics, music and philosophy. His most famous work, "Consolatio philosophiae", was written while imprisoned on charges of treason.

</doc>
<doc id="2884662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884662" title="Auguste Brizeux">
Auguste Brizeux

Julien Auguste Pélage Brizeux (12 September 1803 – 3 May 1858) was a French poet. He was said to belong to a family of Irish origin, long settled in Brittany. He was educated for the law, but in 1827 he produced at the Théâtre Français a one-act verse comedy, "Racine", in collaboration with Philippe Busoni.
His most important works are, first, "Marie" (1832, 1836, 1840), then, "Les Bretons" (1845, 1846). He also wrote in the Breton language, notably "Telenn-Arvor" and "Furnez Breiz".
Brizeux was born at Lorient (Morbihan. Though he was brought up with the Cornouaille dialect of Breton, in his Breton language verse he used the standardised Breton codified by Jean-François Le Gonidec. He became an ardent student of the philology and archaeology of Brittany, and had collected materials for a dictionary of Breton place-names.
A journey to Italy in company with Auguste Barbier made a great impression on him, and a second visit (1834) resulted in 1841 in the publication of a complete French translation of Dante's "Divine Comedy" in "terza rima". In his collection "Primel el Nola" (1852) he included poems written under Italian influence, entitled "Les Ternaires" (1841), but in the rustic idyll of "Marie" (1836) turned to Breton country life; in "Les Bretons" (1845) he found his inspiration in the folklore and legends of his native province. In "La chasse du Prince Arthur" he created a narrative around the short life of Arthur I, Duke of Brittany, murdered by King John of England. His "Histoires poétiques" (1855) was crowned by the French Academy.
Following his death at Montpellier on 3 May 1858, his "Œuvres complètes" (2 vols., 1860) were edited with a notice of the author by Saint-René Taillandier. Another edition appeared in 1880-1884 (4 vols.). A long list of articles on his work may be consulted in an exhaustive monograph, "Brizeux; sa vie et ses ceuvres" (1898), by the abbé C. Lecigne.
Known as "le prince des bardes bretons", he was credited as the founder of modern Breton literature by later Breton Celticists. Théodore Botrel created a monument to him in Pont-Aven, which is ceremonially adorned each year at the "Fête des Fleurs d’Ajonc". His works in Breton, "Telenn Arvor" (1844), and his collection of proverbs, "Furnez Breiz" (1845), were republished by Roparz Hemon in the Breton language literary magazine "Gwalarn" in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="2884665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884665" title="Don Juan (disambiguation)">
Don Juan (disambiguation)

Don Juan is a legendary fictional libertine.
Don Juan may also refer to:
Works inspired by Don Juan.
See also: Don Juan#Chronology of works derived from the story of Don Juan for more comprehensive list
Operas and musicals
Ballets
Poems
Plays
Films
Television
Music

</doc>
<doc id="2884673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884673" title="Giant Drag">
Giant Drag

Giant Drag is an American Indie rock band from Los Angeles, California. The band was founded in 2003 by Annie Hardy who continues to be the band's sole singer and songwriter.
History.
Giant Drag has released two EP's and two albums. Their first release, "Lemona" came out in 2004. Their debut album, "Hearts and Unicorns", came out the following year. The "Swan Song EP" was released in 2010. The band's second studio album, "Waking Up is Hard to Do", was released in 2013.
Giant Drag have played live shows supporting The Jesus and Mary Chain, Scissor Sisters, Pretty Girls Make Graves, Nine Black Alps, The Lemonheads and The Cribs, and were tipped by the NME for "big things in 2006". They also performed in the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in 2006. 
Annie Hardy can also be heard on the song "Pink Cellphone" from the 2006 Deftones album entitled "Saturday Night Wrist".
In December 2008, "NME" announced that she was suffering from muscle disorder fibromyalgia. According to "College News," her condition was later referenced in Paul Avion's song "Fibromyalgia".
In January 2010, fellow L.A. musician Paul Avion chose "Kevin is Gay" to kick off a series of articles about Africa for "SPIN" Earth.
The "Swan Song EP" was released on February 16, 2010.
As of December 2010, Hardy's Twitter mentioned a new full-length album had been completed, with no firm date set for release yet.
On February 9, 2012, Giant Drag released the Alternative version of their song "Drugs" on Bandcamp and another song called "Firestorm".
On February 14, 2012, the band announced a new format of digital releases called "Twosies". This format is between singles and EPs. The first twosie was released on the same day of the announcement and is titled "Annie Hardy and The Wallpaper Demos". The titles of the new tracks are "Out At Sea" and "Say What You Will". 
On March 6, 2012, a new twosie was released. "Hearts and Unicorns Outtakes and Unreleased Rarity"
On February 13, 2013, they were named as one of the "unfairly forgotten bands of the 2000s" by "NME". On March 5, 2013, the long awaited sophomore album, Waking Up is Hard to Do was released as a digital download on Giant Drag's Bandcamp music store. It is the band's first full-length release of original material since Hearts and Unicorns.
Music.
Giant Drag's sound has been described by several music publications as "nü-grunge". The band has also been compared to bands such as My Bloody Valentine, The Breeders, PJ Harvey, and Mazzy Star although the band does not completely agree with some of the comparisons and Hardy has shown herself to be especially confused by Breeders comparisons. It is suggested by Hardy and another journalist that most articles that have been written about Giant Drag are re-wordings of their press pack (which compared them to such bands).
Their song titles, which are known for their bluntness and black humor, include "Kevin Is Gay," "My Dick Sux," "High Friends in Places," and "YFLMD" - an acronym for "You Fuck Like My Dad". Live performances were often notable for Hardy's monologues in-between songs while Calabrese set up his synthesizer, as well as hecklers in the audience asking Hardy to show her breasts to which Annie often said something back. During performances in 2006 the duo covered Chris Isaak's "Wicked Game." Hardy jokingly introduced the song by telling a variation on the basic story that she wrote the song for Chris Isaak when she was 8, and that he stole it from her after a love affair, and that she saw him years later on MTV singing "her" song "rolling around in the sand with some hooker." In the summer of 2007, this cover was used in the promos for Season 5 of the FX Networks TV show Nip/Tuck. 
In 2007, Hardy posted a recording of Silver Bells on her blog from a recording session three years prior.
Discography.
Bandcamp releases (Singles)
Twosies

</doc>
<doc id="2884685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884685" title="Hunterz">
Hunterz

Hunterz is a British Asian urban musician with Hindi and Bhangra influences but based in England. His grandmother moved from Kenya to the U.K. after her husband died. She had to sing to feed her six children. With an early training in Indian classical music from the Patiala Gharana, HunterZ has spent a life devoted to music. But born and brought up in the U.K., he joined private music schools to learn the guitar and keyboard. HunterZ raps and sings in English, Hindi and Punjabi in his albums.
After co-producing Slave II Fusion, he made his solo producing debut in 1999 with "No Limits". However, he had no part in the singing.
His vocal debut came in 2003 with the bhangra album "Most Wanted".
The second album to bear his name was ', completed in 2004, which had a more urban flavour in comparison to "Most Wanteds international style. Most songs contrasted Hunterz' Hindi lyrics with rapping in English. The album also featured Hunterz' brothers Ishers and Vee and his cousin Chan. In December 2004, Hunterz also featured on "Streets of Bollywood", an album of remixes of Bollywood songs, with his 'Baby Girl Mix' of "Aap Ka Aana" from the 2000 film "Kurukshetra".
In 2005 Hunterz co-wrote and sang a single, "Reasons", with the dub/reggae band UB40. Along with UB40 and The Dhol Blasters he performed this song at the Live 8 London concert in Hyde Park. He also produced four further remixes of Bollywood songs for the album "Bollywood Breaks Vol. 1": "Haare Haare", "Tu Cheez", "Dulhe Ka Sehra" and "Pehli Baar".
On 16 June 2008, the album "Masterpiece" was released featuring Vee.
Hunterz attended Kingsbrook Middle School in Bedford between 1984 and 1988, and then John Bunyan Upper School from 1988 to 1991. Rabz, Headz and Lee Daley were amongst his early musical associates. Mrs Parron, a teacher of Hunterz when he was 13 years old, saw his great musical potential even then referred to him as Hunterz. Among his numerous successes were the school record for 100 metres and high jump. Hunterz was affectionately known as 'Alveen' by the staff of Kingsbrook Middle School.
Hunterz performed at the University of Sheffield on 8 February 2010, along with Imran Khan, Veronica and Dr Zeus. In the promotion for this performance, he gave an interview on BBC Radio Sheffield, where he officially announced that his new upcoming album in 2010 will be in collaboration with Rishi Rich.
Musical style.
Huntertz' music has been described as a mixture of funk, soul, rock, hip hop and R&B.

</doc>
<doc id="2884686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884686" title="1975 Pacific hurricane season">
1975 Pacific hurricane season

The 1975 Pacific hurricane season officially started May 15, 1975 in the eastern Pacific, and June 1, 1975 in the central Pacific, and lasted until November 30, 1975. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeast Pacific Ocean.
The 1975 Pacific hurricane season was near average, with 17 tropical storms forming. Of these, 9 became hurricanes, and 4 became major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. The only notable storms are Hurricane Olivia, which killed 30 people, caused $30 million (1975 USD) in damage, and left thousands homeless when it made landfall in October; and an unnamed hurricane that developed at very high latitude, but had no effect on land. Hurricane Denise was the strongest storm of the year. Hurricanes Lily and Katrina passed close to Socorro Island and Tropical Storm Eleanor made landfall in Mexico. Hurricane Agatha sank a ship.
__TOC__
Season summary.
The season began with the formation of Tropical Depression One on June 2 and ended with the extratropical transition of Tropical Storm Priscilla on November 7. No named systems formed in May, two in June, four in July, six in August, three in September, one in October, and one in November. The total length of the season, from the formation of the first depression to the dissipation of the last, was 158 days.
In the eastern Pacific proper (east of 140°W), sixteen tropical storms and eight hurricanes formed. Four of the hurricanes became major hurricanes by reaching Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale. These numbers are close to the long-term averages of fifteen tropical storms, nine hurricanes, and four major hurricanes. There were also four unnamed tropical depressions. The only system to enter or form in the central Pacific (between 140°W and the international dateline) was an unusual high-latitude hurricane.
The only systems to make landfall this year were Tropical Storm Eleanor and Hurricane Olivia. Besides these two systems, Hurricane Agatha caused the sinking of a ship carrying millions of dollars worth of cargo. Tropical Storm Eleanor caused no serious impact.
The most devastating storm of the season was Hurricane Olivia. A late-season major hurricane, Olivia came ashore near Mazatlán. The storm killed 30 people, left around 30,000 people homeless, and caused 20 million dollars (1975 USD) in damage.
Storms.
Hurricane Agatha.
An area of disturbed weather about southwest of Acapulco formed on June 1. It organized into a tropical depression the next day. After heading southwestward, it turned to the northwest and strengthened into Tropical Storm Agatha on June 2. Agatha maintained its course and steadily intensified. It reached hurricane intensity on June 3 while located about southwest of Zihuatanejo. Hurricane Agatha started weakening thereafter, becoming a tropical storm on June 4 and a depression on June 5. It dissipated shortly afterwords. At this time, Agatha was located about south of the Tres Marias Islands.
Even though Agatha passed close to Mexico as it weakened, no impact is known to have been caused. Waves caused by Agatha did impact a ship called the "Polynesian Diakan". A Greek freighter en route from Pago Pago to Terminal Island, California, the "Polynesian Diakan" began flooding on June 3, forcing the 32-man crew to abandon the vessel. The exact cause of the initial flooding was unknown, but was speculated to be primarily due to cargo shifting and not the weather. The crew was rescued by the United States Coast Guard. Three members required hospitalization. After being reached on June 6 by a tugboat in a salvage attempt, the vessel capsized and sank near San Clemente Island on June 7, taking its multi-million dollar cargo of 71 containers of canned tuna with it. The reason for the sinking was unknown.
Tropical Storm Bridget.
On June 27, a tropical depression formed about south of the tip of the Baja California Peninsula at a location atypical for tropical cyclogenesis. The depression moved generally westward, and intensified into Tropical Storm Bridget on June 28. It started accelerating as it turned towards the northwest, then west, and eventually to the southwest. Bridget weakened into a tropical depression on July 2 and dissipated the next day. It remnant circulation hung about in the area for a few more days. Bridget never came near land and thus, no deaths or damage were recorded.
Hurricane Carlotta.
A disturbance south of Acapulco organized into a tropical depression on July 2. It headed generally west-northwest and steadily intensified, becoming a tropical storm later on July 2. It became a hurricane on July 3 and ultimately peaked as a Category 3 hurricane. Hurricane Carlotta was first major hurricane, Category 3 or higher, of the season. It began weakening thereafter, and was a tropical storm by July 8. Carlotta became a depression on July 10 and dissipated the next day. The hurricane did not come near land and caused no significant impact.
Hurricane Denise.
An unstable area developed a circulation and became a tropical depression on July 4. It headed west- northwest and became a tropical storm on July 7. The next day, it was a hurricane and turned to the west. Continuing to strengthen, it reached Category 4 intensity on July 9. This windspeed was the highest of the season. The hurricane turned to the southwest and gradually weakened. By July 11 it was nearly stationary. It then headed northwestward again and continued weakening, becoming a tropical storm on July 13. It weakened into a depression on July 14 and dissipated immediately thereafter. Denise brought winds of near-gale force to parts of Mexico, but otherwise caused no damage or casualties.
Tropical Storm Eleanor.
An area of disturbed weather developed into a tropical depression on July 10, south of Acapulco. As its center of circulation became more pronounced and it was upgraded into Tropical Storm Eleanor. The tropical storm moved northwestward, and later curved northward. The system made landfall near Manzanillo on July 12. It quickly dissipated. Eleanor brought winds the Manzanillo, but damage from the storm is minor due to the lack of heavy rains.
Tropical Storm Francene.
A rapidly moving squally area of disturbed weather that was moving on a northwestward path was upgraded into Tropical Depression Seven on July 27. It intensified into a tropical storm later that day. Francene turned to the west and weakened into a tropical depression on July 28. It slowly weakened and ceased to exist as a tropical cyclone on July 30. Francene's remnants persisted as a tropical disturbance for another twelve hours, before completely dissipating. This tropical cyclone caused no known impact.
Tropical Storm Georgette.
An area of disturbed weather about south-southwest of Cabo San Lucas organized a tropical depression on August 11. It was upgraded to tropical storm intensity the next day. After heading generally westward and peaking as a weak to moderate tropical storm on August 12, Georgette slowly weakened. It weakened into a depression on August 14 and underwent extratropical transition thereafter. The cyclone dissipated twelve hours later. Tropical Storm Georgette had no impact on land.
Tropical Storm Hilary.
A tropical disturbance formed on August 11 and gradually organized. The next day, an atmospheric circulation developed. Based on this, this system was classified as Tropical Depression Nine on August 13. The depression quickly intensified into a tropical storm and was named "Hilary". The system gradually accelerated to the northwest and reached its peak strength on August 15 with winds of 60 mph (95 km/h). Tropical Storm Hilary then started a gradual weakening trend. It became a depression on August 16, turned a little bit more westward, and dissipated on August 17. Hilary never came near land, and as such caused no death or damage.
Hurricane Ilsa.
On August 18, a tropical depression formed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec from a tropical wave that had entered the Pacific Ocean from the Atlantic Ocean. It strengthened into a tropical storm later that day. The tropical storm moved westward, and became a hurricane on August 21. Ilsa became a Category 2 hurricane on August 22. It maintained that intensity for three days as it moved out to sea. On August 25, Ilsa turned westward and rapidly weakened. It fell to tropical storm intensity on August 26. Later that day, while still maintaining winds of gale-force, Ilsa ceased being a tropical cyclone. Ilsa's remnants continued out over the open Pacific Ocean. The remains of Ilsa eventually interacted with another weather system. That triggered the development of the unnamed hurricane of August 31–September 5.
Hurricane Ilsa caused no casualties or damage. As the unnamed hurricane formed from Ilsa's remnants, Ilsa and the latter system are unofficially the same tropical cyclone. Indeed, this year's seasonal report from the Redwood City Eastern Pacific Hurricane Center, in the "Monthly Weather Review" includes a brief discussion of the unnamed hurricane in the report's section on Hurricane Ilsa. Neither the Central Pacific Hurricane Center nor the official HURDAT "best track" database of tropical cyclone location and intensity data explicitly considers them the same. Hence, as far as official records matter, Ilsa and the unnamed hurricane of August 31 – September 5 are different tropical cyclones.
Hurricane Jewel.
On August 24, a tropical depression formed from a tropical disturbance about south of Acapulco. It intensified into Tropical Storm Jewel the next day. The tropical cyclone headed generally northwest and paralleled the coast of Mexico. On August 27, Jewel became a hurricane for mere six hours, the minimum possible time in HURDAT. Jewel then turned to the west, and then back to the northwest. Jewel weakened to depression strength on August 31. Tropical Depression Jewel dissipated shortly after that, although its remnants remained distinct until September 3. There was no impact.
Hurricane Katrina.
On August 29, an area of weather developed directly into a tropical storm, skipping the tropical depression stage. Katrina steadily intensified as it headed west-northwest, gradually turning to the northwest. It peaked in intensity on September 3 as a Category 4 hurricane with winds of , the second highest of the season. Katrina then headed westward and rapidly weakened. It was downgraded into a tropical storm on September 5 and a depression on September 6. The last advisory was issued on September 7 when Katrina dissipated. Although the hurricane brought Category 3-equivalent winds to Socorro Island on September 2, no damage was reported there or anywhere else.
Hurricane Twelve.
A cold core low absorbed the remnant circulation of Hurricane Ilsa on September 2. Convection subsequently increased. By September 3 it was definitely a tropical cyclone as an eye slowly formed. It then became a hurricane. The hurricane rapidly headed towards the northeast and approached a frontal cyclone. By September 5 the hurricane had transitioned into an extratropical cyclone after weakening from a hurricane. At the time it was less than southwest of Juneau, Alaska. The extratropical low moved southeastward, retaining its identity until it reached Montana, where it was absorbed by a front.
It is unknown why this hurricane went unnamed, even though it clearly met the criteria for doing so. Any statement about why is purely speculative at this point. The hurricane is the furthest north a tropical cyclone existed in the Eastern Pacific, and is also the northernmost existence for a Pacific hurricane. It was the only tropical cyclone to exist in the central Pacific this year. No damage or casualties were reported, although it did hassle a few ships.
Hurricane Lily.
Rain and wind reports from the Acapulco weather station suggested that a tropical depression was developing. This was confirmed on September 16 from ship reports. It intensified into a tropical storm and was named Lily. Tropical Storm Lily headed northwest in a nearly straight path. By 0000 UTC September 18, the system was a moderate tropical storm located about south of Manzanillo Lily was upgraded to hurricane status on the same day and eventually reached its peak strength. After passing southwest of Socorro Island, Lily weakened, becoming a storm on September 20. Lily weakened into a depression on September 21, turned to the west-southwest, and dissipated. Its remnants remained visible until September 24, when they were no longer distinct via weather satellite. On September 19, the cyclone brought hurricane-force winds to Socorro Island. No damage or casualties were reported.
Tropical Storm Monica.
In late September, three tropical disturbances moved westward across the eastern Pacific Ocean. One of them organized into a tropical depression on September 28. The next day the depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Monica. The tropical storm initially headed west-northwestward and gradually curved towards the north. It reached its peak intensity of 50 mph (85 km/h) on September 29. Monica then gradually weakened. It became a tropical depression on October 1. The cyclone dissipated shortly thereafter. No impact was reported in association with Tropical Storm Monica.
Tropical Storm Nanette.
On September 28, a system developed into a tropical depression, simultaneously with Tropical Storm Monica.. It headed generally westward and on September 29, 18 hours after Monica did it, strengthened into a tropical storm. Nanette continued out to sea and slowly strengthened. It peaked in windspeed of 50 mph (85 km/h) on October 3 and turned to the southwest. It then slowly weakened. On October 4, it weakened into a tropical depression and then degenerated into a disturbance that same day. No damage or deaths were reported.
Hurricane Olivia.
On October 22, Tropical Depression Eighteen formed from a cluster of three thunderstorms south of Mexico and then strengthened into a tropical storm. It moved northwestward initially, followed by a northeast turn. Olivia then intensified steadily. It reached Category 3 intensity and a peak of 115 mph (185 km/h) winds just before landfall. Early on October 25, Olivia moved ashore just south of Mazatlán causing major damage. Olivia destroyed 7,000 houses in the region, leaving 30,000 people homeless, and damage totaled $20 million (1975 USD, $  USD). The hurricane killed 30 people, 20 of them were from drownings in shrimp boats.
Tropical Storm Priscilla.
A nearly stationary cloudy area developed a circulation on November 2. The depression drifted north for a while before turning to the west-northwest on November 3. It intensified into a tropical storm on November 4. Priscilla then began turning to the north. However, the system failed to re-curve, instead, the tropical storm turned generally westward. The tropical storm peaked in windspeed as a 65 mph (100 km/h) high-end storm on November 5. It then turned to the northwest on a heading nearly directly at Clarion Island, but it dissipated on November 7 about short of landfall.
Other storms.
Besides the tropical storms and hurricanes this season, there were four additional tropical depressions that did not make a landfall anywhere. Tropical Cyclone Four formed on July 2 and dissipated the next day. It was the tropical cyclone to come closest to crossing 140°W and entering the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility this year. Tropical Cyclone Thirteen formed on September 12 and lasted four days. Tropical Cyclone Seventeen formed October 16 and dissipated a day later. Tropical Cyclone Nineteen, the penultimate system of the season, formed on November 1 and dissipated the next day.
1975 storm names.
These names were used for storms in 1975. It is the same list used in the 1971 season. This is the last time this list was used, as modern naming began in 1978.
The central Pacific used names and numbers from the west Pacific's naming list. No names were used, as the one storm that formed in this area went unnamed.

</doc>
<doc id="2884695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884695" title="Toyger">
Toyger

The toyger is a breed of domestic cat, the result of breeding domestic shorthaired tabbies (beginning in the 1980s) to make them resemble a "toy tiger", as its striped coat is reminiscent of the tiger's. The breed's creator, Judy Sugden, has stated that the breed was developed in order to inspire people to care about the conservation of tigers in the wild. It was recognized for "Registration only" by The International Cat Association in the early 1990s, and advanced through all requirements to be accepted as a full Championship breed in 2007. There are about 20 breeders in the United States and another 15 or so in the rest of the world.
History.
The breed began development in the 1980s when Judy Sugden, a breeder looking to clarify the mackerel markings in tabbies, noticed distinctive markings in one of her cats. These tiny spots occurring on the temples of the face (an area normally devoid of distinct pattern) proved genetically that the circular tiger face pattern could be possible in a domestic cat. After importing a tom from the streets of India with noticeable spotting breaking up the usual tabby lines on the top of the head, the quest to develop a toy-tiger began in earnest. About forty domestic cats from various countries have been carefully selected over the years as founders; each providing the rudiments of a specific desirable trait that could then be expanded with careful breeding.
Breed standards.
The following is adapted from the 2003 submitted TICA Breed Standard for the Toyger:
 Head Shape: Medium-sized, with a dominant deep, skewed, cylindrical muzzle on an oval head. 
 Ears: Small and round. Wide set toward the back of the head and oriented on a 45 degree line towards the center of the eyes. Short but thickly furred temples and ears are preferred. Lynx tipping is undesirable.
 Eyes: Medium, circular with gentle hooding of upper inside. Set wide apart, back into face, and on a slight bias toward the base of the ear. Rich deep color preferred. 
 Muzzle: Very well defined, long, broad and deep with rounded muscular contours. Full face view suggests an inverted heart shape. The front muzzle line/plane is skewed forward to produce a more frontal view of nose leather, mouth, and chin than in most small felines. 
 Nose: Muscular, long, broad, and rounded, widening toward the end to at least as wide as the space between the eyes.
 Torso: Medium to deep, long and muscular with rounded contours; strong and robust but not blocky. 
 Legs and Feet: Medium length such that the space between the ground and the body is roughly equal to the depth of the torso. Boning is very large. 
 Tail: Very long and not thick. Taper is slight with blunt, rounded tip. Fur is dense and short. 
 Musculature: Very muscular and athletic looking, especially in young males. 
 Coat Length: Coat is uniformly short. Fur may be longer in the temple jowl/ruff; the suggestion of more of a ruff is preferred. 
Color: Markings shall be virtually black to brown to even tan. Very dark markings are preferred. A bright pumpkin ground color with very dark markings is preferred. Whited ground color shall be as uniformly light to virtually white as possible.
 Markings Pattern: Mackerel tabby. The markings to the ground pattern contrast must be extreme and distinct, giving a clear, sharply edged pattern. 
 Body Markings: Body stripes shall generally be vertically aligned with encircling markings on neck, legs, and tail. Bold, braided, and non-uniform stripes are preferred. Belly and inside of legs must be marked. Paw pads and tail tip must be black. 
 Head: Facial stripes and markings shall be circularly aligned around the face. Traditional tabby markings moving radially away from the face for any distance are undesirable. Lighter to virtually white 'thumb marks' on the back of the ears are desirable. Natural 'make-up' is important: eyes must have black 'mascara' markings and whited spectacles, desirable for mouth to have black lipstick markings.
References.
5. ToygerCatsUSA http://www.toygercatsusa.com

</doc>
<doc id="2884696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884696" title="Welcome to Jamrock">
Welcome to Jamrock

Welcome to Jamrock is a Grammy-winning reggae album by Damian Marley. The album was released on September 12, 2005 in the United Kingdom and September 13, 2005 in the United States.
Marley won two 2006 Grammy Awards for the album, Best Reggae Album and Best Urban/Alternative Performance (for the track "Welcome to Jamrock"). Guests on the album include Stephen Marley, Black Thought and Nas. The executive producers of the album were Stephen Marley and Damian Marley.
Reception.
Chart performance.
The song peaked at number 55 in the US on the Billboard Hot 100, but did better on the R&B and rap charts, peaking at numbers 18 and 12, respectively. It also did well in the UK, peaking at number 13.
Critical reception.
Steve Yates, in "The Observer", gave the album five stars out of five, concluding that "Like his father, Damian is tucked in well behind the cutting edge of digital production, but this fine collection of songs outshines the ephemeral delights of modern day dancehall. The Jr Gong is banging. Get it on."
David Jeffries, writing for Allmusic, gave the album four starts out of five, saying "Besides the fantastic single, this album has "legs," with a bulging lyric sheet filled with vivid and crafty lines that offer plenty to focus on once all the sonic brilliance has sunk in. A career-defining moment that lives up to a huge hit, Welcome to Jamrock is a tremendous achievement."

</doc>
<doc id="2884698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884698" title="Diffusion barrier">
Diffusion barrier

A diffusion barrier is a thin layer (usually micrometres thick) of metal usually placed between two other metals. It is done to act as a barrier to protect either one of the metals from corrupting the other.
Adhesion of a plated metal layer to its substrate requires a physical interlocking, inter-diffusion of the deposit or a chemical bonding between plate and substrate in order to work. The role of a diffusion barrier is to prevent or to retard the inter-diffusion of the two superposed metals. Therefore, to be effective, a good diffusion barrier requires inertness with respect to adjacent materials. To obtain good adhesion and a diffusion barrier simultaneously, the bonding between layers needs to come from a chemical reaction of limited range at both boundaries. Materials providing good adhesion are not necessarily good diffusion barriers and vice-versa. Consequently there are cases where two or more separate layers must be used to provide a proper interface between substrates.
Selection.
While the choice of diffusion barrier depends on the final function, anticipated operating temperature and service life are critical parameters to select diffusion barrier materials. Many thin film metal combinations have been evaluated for their adhesion and diffusion barrier properties. Aluminum provides good electrical and thermal conductivity, adhesion and reliability because of its oxygen reactivity and the self-passivation properties of its oxide. Copper also easily reacts with oxygen but its oxides have poor adhesion properties. As for gold its virtue relies in its inertness, and ease of application; its problem is its cost. Chromium has excellent adhesion to many materials because of its reactivity. Its affinity for oxygen forms a thin stable oxide coat, a passivation layer which prevents further oxidation and provides inertness to corrosive environment. Nickel, Nichrome, tantalum, hafnium, niobium, zirconium, vanadium, and tungsten are a few of the metals combinations used to form diffusion barriers for specific applications. Conductive ceramics can be also used, such as tantalum nitride, indium oxide, copper silicide, tungsten nitride, and titanium nitride.
A barrier metal is a material used in integrated circuits to chemically isolate semiconductors from soft metal interconnects, while maintaining an electrical connection between them. For instance, a layer of barrier metal must surround every copper interconnection in modern copper-based chips, to prevent diffusion of copper into surrounding materials. 
As the name implies, a barrier metal must have high electrical conductivity in order to maintain a good electronic contact, while maintaining a low enough copper diffusivity to sufficiently chemically isolate these copper conductor films from underlying device silicon. The thickness of the barrier films is also quite important; with too thin a barrier layer, the inner copper may contact and poison the very devices that they supply with energy and information; with barrier layers too thick, these wrapped stacks of two barrier metal films and an inner copper conductor can have a greater total resistance than the traditional aluminum interconnections would have, eliminating any benefit derived from the new metallization technology. 
Some materials that have been used as barrier metals include cobalt, ruthenium, tantalum, tantalum nitride, indium oxide, tungsten nitride, and titanium nitride (the last four being conductive ceramics, but "metals" in this context).

</doc>
<doc id="2884713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884713" title="Henry Keppel">
Henry Keppel

Admiral of the Fleet Sir Henry Keppel, GCB, OM (14 June 1809 – 17 January 1904) was a British admiral, son of the 4th Earl of Albemarle and of his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Lord de Clifford.
Naval career.
He entered the navy from the old naval academy of Portsmouth in 1822. He became lieutenant in 1829 and commander in 1833. His first command was largely passed on the coast of Spain, which was then in the midst of the convulsions of the Carlist War. Captain Keppel had already made himself known as a good seaman. He was engaged with the squadron stationed on the west coast of Africa to suppress the slave trade.
In 1837 he was promoted post captain, and appointed in 1841 to the service in China and against the Malay pirates, a service which he repeated in 1847, when in command of HMS "Maeander".
In May 1853 he was appointed to the command of the new steam line-of-battle ship HMS "St Jean d'Acre". When the Crimean War broke out on 1854, the "St Jean d'Acre " formed part of the Baltic Fleet. Keppel witnessed the fall of Bomarsund. In 1855, "St Jean d'Acre " was sent to the Black Sea. On 21 July 1855, Keppel swapped commands with the captain of the sailing line-of-battle ship "Rodney", whose crew was all ashore. Keppel served as commander of the Naval Brigade which was besieging Sebastopol.
After the Crimean War he was again sent out to China, this time in command of the "Raleigh", as commodore to serve under Sir Michael Seymour. The "Raleigh" was lost on an uncharted rock near Hong Kong, but three small vessels were named to act as her tenders, and Commodore Keppel commanded in them, and with the crew of the "Raleigh", in the action with Chinese pirates at the Battle of Fatshan Creek (1 June 1857). He was honorably acquitted for the loss of the "Raleigh", and was given command of HMS "Alligator", which be held until his promotion to rear-admiral. For his share in the action at the Battle of Fatshan Creek he was made KCB.
The prevalence of peace gave Sir Henry Keppel no further chance of active service, but he became Commander-in-Chief, Cape of Good Hope and West Coast of Africa Station in 1860, Commander-in-Chief, China Station in 1867 and Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth in 1872.
He retired from the active list in 1879, two years after he attained the rank of admiral of the fleet.
Family.
Keppel married twice: firstly Katherine Louisa Crosbie, daughter of General Sir John Crosbie on 25 February 1839 and secondly Jane Elizabeth West, daughter of Martin John West on 31 October 1861. By his second wife, he had one son, Colin Richard Keppel, and one daughter, Maria Walpole Keppel, who married Admiral Sir Frederick Tower Hamilton. Keppel Harbour in Singapore is named after him. He lived at Grove Lodge at Winkfield Row in Berkshire and is buried in the parish church at Winkfield.
Keppel's relationship with Lady Eliza Lucy Grey was discovered by her husband Sir George Grey in 1860, and this, together with accusations of infidelity against Sir George Grey, led to the breakdown of their marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="2884728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884728" title="Automated reasoning">
Automated reasoning

Automated reasoning is an area of computer science and mathematical logic dedicated to understanding different aspects of reasoning. The study of automated reasoning helps produce computer programs that allow computers to reason completely, or nearly completely, automatically. Although automated reasoning is considered a sub-field of artificial intelligence, it also has connections with theoretical computer science, and even philosophy.
The most developed subareas of automated reasoning are automated theorem proving (and the less automated but more pragmatic subfield of interactive theorem proving) and automated proof checking (viewed as guaranteed correct reasoning under fixed assumptions). Extensive work has also been done in reasoning by analogy induction and abduction.
Other important topics include reasoning under uncertainty and non-monotonic reasoning. An important part of the uncertainty field is that of argumentation, where further constraints of minimality and consistency are applied on top of the more standard automated deduction. John Pollock's Oscar system is an example of an automated argumentation system that is more specific than being just an automated theorem prover.
Tools and techniques of automated reasoning include the classical logics and calculi, fuzzy logic, Bayesian inference, reasoning with maximal entropy and a large number of less formal "ad hoc" techniques.
Early years.
The development of formal logic played a big role in the field of automated reasoning, which itself led to the development of artificial intelligence. A formal proof is a proof in which every logical inference has been checked back to the fundamental axioms of mathematics. All the intermediate logical steps are supplied, without exception. No appeal is made to intuition, even if the translation from intuition to logic is routine. Thus, a formal proof is less intuitive, and less susceptible to logical errors.
Some consider the Cornell Summer meeting of 1957, which brought together a large number of logicians and computer scientists, as the origin of automated reasoning, or automated deduction. Others say that it began before that with the 1955 Logic Theorist program of Newell, Shaw and Simon, or with Martin Davis’ 1954 implementation of Presburger’s decision procedure (which proved that the sum of two even numbers is even). Automated reasoning, although a significant and popular area of research, went through an "AI winter" in the eighties and early nineties. Luckily, it got revived after that. For example, in 2005, Microsoft started using verification technology in many of their internal projects and is planning to include a logical specification and checking language in their 2012 version of Visual C.
Significant contributions.
Principia Mathematica was a milestone work in formal logic written by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell. Principia Mathematica - also meaning Principles of Mathematics - was written with a purpose to derive all or some of the mathematical expressions, in terms of symbolic logic. Principia Mathematica was initially published in three volumes in 1910, 1912 and 1913.
Logic Theorist (LT) was the first ever program developed in 1956 by Allen Newell, Cliff Shaw and Herbert A. Simon to "mimic human reasoning" in proving theorems and was demonstrated on fifty-two theorems from chapter two of Principia Mathematica, proving thirty-eight of them. In addition to proving the theorems, the program found a proof for one of the theorems that was more elegant than the one provided by Whitehead and Russell. After an unsuccessful attempt at publishing their results, Newell, Shaw, and Herbert reported in their publication in 1958, "The Next Advance in Operation Research":
Examples of Formal Proofs
Proof systems.
"Boyer-Moore Theorem Prover (NQTHM)" <br> The design of this system was influenced by John McCarthy and Woody Bledsoe. Started in 1971 at Edinburgh, Scotland, this was a fully automatic theorem prover built using Pure Lisp. The main aspects of NQTHM were:
"HOL Light" <br> Written in OCaml, HOL Light is designed to have a simple and clean logical foundation and an uncluttered implementation. It is essentially another proof assistant for classical higher order logic.
"Coq" <br> Developed in France, Coq is another automated proof assistant, which can automatically extract executable programs from specifications, as either Objective CAML or Haskell source code. Properties, programs and proofs are formalized in the same language called the Calculus of Inductive Constructions (CIC).
Applications.
Automated reasoning has been most commonly used to build automated theorem provers. In some cases such provers have come up with new approaches to proving a theorem. Logic Theorist is a good example of this. The program came up with a proof for one of the theorems in Principia Mathematica that was more efficient (requiring fewer steps) than the proof provided by Whitehead and Russell. Automated reasoning programs are being applied to solve a growing number of problems in formal logic, mathematics and computer science, logic programming, software and hardware verification, circuit design, and many others. The TPTP (Sutcliffe and Suttner 1998) is a library of such problems that is updated on a regular basis. There is also a competition among automated theorem provers held regularly at the CADE conference (Pelletier, Sutcliffe and Suttner 2002); the problems for the competition are selected from the TPTP library.

</doc>
<doc id="2884730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884730" title="Jack Cannon">
Jack Cannon

Jack Cannon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884740" title="Nicolas Joseph Laurent Gilbert">
Nicolas Joseph Laurent Gilbert

Nicolas-Joseph-Florent Gilbert (December 15, 1750 – November 16, 1780) was a French poet born at Fontenoy-le-Château, Vosges, Lorraine.
Having completed his education at the college of Dole, he devoted himself for a time to a half-scholastic, half-literary life at Nancy, but in 1774 he found his way to the capital. As an opponent of the Encyclopaedists and a panegyrist of Louis XV, he received considerable pensions. He died in Paris in 1780 from the results of a fall from his horse.
The satiric force of one or two of his pieces, as "Mon Apologie" (1778) and "Le Dix-huitième Siècle" (1775), would alone be sufficient to preserve his reputation, which has been further increased by modern writers, who, like Alfred de Vigny in his "Stello" (chaps. 7-13), considered him a victim to the spite of his philosophic opponents. His best-known verses are the "Ode imitée de plusieurs psaumes", usually entitled "Adieux à la vie".
Among his other works may be mentioned "Les Familles du Darius et d'Eridame, histoire persane" (1770), "Le Carnaval des auteurs" (1773), "Odes nouvelles et patriotiques" (1775). Gilbert's "Œuvres complètes" were first published in 1788.

</doc>
<doc id="2884749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884749" title="The Land of Crimson Clouds">
The Land of Crimson Clouds

The Land of Crimson Clouds (Russian: "Страна багровых туч") is a 1959 science fiction novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.
Plot summary.
A spaceship, propelled by a prototype photon engine, sets off for Venus, which at that time, is an enigmatic and unexplored planet covered by clouds. The tasks of the crew are a) to test the prototype engine in field conditions and b) to locate and set radio beacons on the s.c. "Uranium Golconda" (a place with incredibly large heavy metals deposits), presumably, found somewhere on the second planet of the Solar System.
As the crew ventures into the depths of Venus, unknown dangers take them out one by one, so only a half of them returns home after accomplishing the mission - all badly damaged, both physically and mentally. However, their feat was the first milestone in colonizing Venus and the first step into the 22nd century.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2884773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884773" title="ITERA">
ITERA

ITERA is the acronym for the International Telecommunications Education and Research Association. ITERA is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization and was founded on the principle that leading educational institutions can greatly benefit from cooperative development of curricular and research objectives. 
Through periodic conferences ITERA seeks to obtain greater consistency in the development of its members' degree programs and the kinds of courses for educating future telecommunications leaders.
Membership.
As of October 2008, its university membership includes:

</doc>
<doc id="2884775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884775" title="Morgoth (band)">
Morgoth (band)

Morgoth is a German death metal band that was formed in 1985 by Rüdiger Hennecke and Carsten Otterbach in Meschede. Originally the name Cadaverous Smell was used and the band played grindcore / noise style. When Harry Busse joined the band they renamed themselves to "Minas Morgul". In 1985 the band settled on Morgoth when singer and bass-player Marc Grewe joined the band. The name was derived from the epithet of the original dark lord Melkor in J.R.R Tolkien's Middle-earth Legendarium. They recorded the "Pits of Utumno" demo on four tracks in 1988, which eventually led to the band being signed with Century Media, which had just started.
In 1989, Morgoth recorded their second demo "Resurrection Absurd" in a twenty-four-track studio, which was released by Century Media in the same year as an EP. The band then toured Germany in support of Pestilence and Autopsy. "The Eternal Fall" was recorded shortly after the tour finished, which was quickly followed by a second tour with Demolition Hammer and Obituary. Grewe stopped playing bass and Sebastian Swart joined as the bass player.
In February 1991, the first actual full-length album was recorded in the Woodhouse studios, titled "Cursed". To promote the album the band supported Kreator and Biohazard on a US tour and another European tour with Immolation and Massacre. Most of the band then relocated to Dortmund. Morgoth took a break then and only to return in 1993 with the album "Odium". More touring followed, with Tankard, Unleashed and Tiamat. Nevertheless most of the band members started to lose interest in an active music career and ventured in other directions.
Eventually a third album was recorded, "Feel Sorry for the Fanatic", on which they incorporated more and more industrial influences. A tour followed the release of the album, with Die Krupps and Richthofen. The band broke up in 1998.
In 2010 reformed to participate in the Death Feast Open Air and confirmed that a 2011 "Cursed" reunion tour will be played. They later performed at the 2011 
Wacken Open Air.

</doc>
<doc id="2884778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884778" title="Capel Celyn">
Capel Celyn

Capel Celyn was a rural community to the north west of Bala in Gwynedd, north Wales, in the Afon Tryweryn valley. The village and other parts of the valley were flooded to create a reservoir, Llyn Celyn, in order to supply Liverpool and Wirral with water for industry. The village contained, among other things, a chapel, as the name of the community suggests, capel being Welsh for chapel.
History.
In 1956, a private bill sponsored by Liverpool City Council was brought before Parliament to develop a water reservoir from the Tryweryn Valley. The development would include the flooding of Capel Celyn. By obtaining authority via an Act of Parliament, Liverpool City Council would not require planning consent from the relevant Welsh local authorities. This, together with the fact that the village was one of the last Welsh-only speaking communities, ensured that the proposals became deeply controversial. Thirty-five out of thirty-six Welsh Members of Parliament (MPs) opposed the bill (the other did not vote), but in 1957 it was passed. The members of the community waged an eight-year effort, ultimately unsuccessful, to prevent the destruction of their homes.
When the valley was flooded in 1965, the village and its buildings, including the post office, the school, and a chapel with cemetery, were all lost. Twelve houses and farms were submerged, and 48 people of the 67 who lived in the valley lost their homes. In all some 800 acres (3.2 km²; 320 ha) of land were submerged. Llyn Celyn, otherwise known as the Tryweryn Reservoir, was formed. Many of the stones from the original chapel were re-used in the construction of the new Memorial Chapel.
The water in the reservoir is used to maintain the flow of the River Dee so that water may be abstracted downstream, and additionally to improve the quality of white-water sports on Afon Tryweryn.
A full list of the submerged properties (from largely west to east) is as follows -
Families who had relatives buried in the cemetery were given the option of either moving them to another cemetery, or leaving them. Consequently, eight bodies were disinterred, and the remainder left. All headstones were removed, and the cemetery was then covered in a layer of gravel, then concrete.
Hafod Fadog.
One of the farmsteads covered was Hafod Fadog, a Quaker meeting place. It is recorded on a bronze plaque in a lay-by near to the dam:Under these waters and near this stone stood Hafod Fadog, a farmstead where in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries Quakers met for worship. On the hillside above the house was a space encircled by a low stone wall where larger meetings were held, and beyond the house was a small burial ground. From this valley came many of the early Quakers who emigrated to Pennsylvania, driven from their homes by persecution to seek freedom of worship in the New World.
Political effects.
The building of the reservoir was instrumental in an increase in support for the Welsh nationalist party, Plaid Cymru, during the late 1950s. Almost unanimous Welsh political opposition had failed to stop approval of the scheme, a fact that seemed to underline Plaid Cymru's argument that the Welsh national community was powerless. At the subsequent General Election the party's support increased from 3.1% to 5.2%.
Of perhaps greater significance, however, was the impetus the episode gave to Welsh devolution. The Council of Wales recommended the creation of a Welsh Office and Secretary of State for Wales early in 1957, a time when the governance of Wales on a national level was so demonstrably lacking in many people's eyes. By 1964 the Wilson Government gave effect to these proposals.
The flooding of Capel Celyn also sharpened debate within Plaid Cymru about the use of direct action. While the party emphasised its constitutional approach to stopping the development, it also sympathised with the actions of two party members who (of their own accord) attempted to sabotage the power supply at the site of the Tryweryn dam in 1962.
A more militant response was the formation of Mudiad Amddiffyn Cymru or MAC, which blew up a transformer on the dam construction site in February 1963. MAC went on to carry out a number of other bombings in the next six years.
In October 1965 the Llyn Celyn reservoir opened to a sizeable Plaid Cymru organised demonstration. A year later, Gwynfor Evans won Plaid Cymru's first Parliamentary seat in Carmarthen. According to some commentators though, Capel Celyn did not play a major part in Gwynfor Evans's victory, since apart from Carmarthen's distance from Tryweryn, they claim that Plaid Cymru's victory owed as much to an anti-Labour backlash in the constituency's mining communities as it did to Plaid's successful depiction of Labour's policies as being a threat to the viability of small Welsh communities.
On 19 October 2005, Liverpool City Council issued a formal apology for the flooding. Some in the town of Bala welcomed the move, though others said the apology was a "useless political gesture" and came far too late.
The colonial status of Wales highlighted by the Trywerin situation was one of several historic factors instrumental in producing a majority vote in favour of devolution in the national referendum of 1997, albeit by a slim margin.
The flooding of the village inspired a Manic Street Preachers song, "Ready For Drowning" and Enya's song "Dan y Dŵr". It is referenced in the Los Campesinos! song "For Flotsam" on their album No Blues.

</doc>
<doc id="2884788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884788" title="Itera">
Itera

Itera is a group of companies controlled by Russian businessman Igor Makarov headquartered in Moscow, Russia, with parent companies of the group registered in Cyprus. Its subsidiaries are involved in the energy industry, civil and industrial engineering, and finance and insurance. The company operates primarily in Russia, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries and Turkmenistan. In 2013, its main subsidiary—Itera Oil & Gas Company—was acquired by Russian state-controlled oil company Rosneft.
History.
Itera Group was established in 1992 in the United States under the name Itera International Energy Corporation as a basic commodities trading company. In 1994, it obtained the rights to sell Turkmeni natural gas as payment for its sugar transaction and started implementing gas-related projects within its subsidiary Itera Oil & Gas Company, LLC. In 1995, Itera began selling Turkmeni gas to Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, and Georgia, as well as to the Baltic States. In the late 1990s, Itera began gas business in Sverdlovsk Region, followed by the Moscow and Perm regions.
In 1998, Itera launched production of natural gas in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Western Siberia. It was the first private company to put gas fields into operation in the Far North of Russia: the Gubkinskoye gas field with reserves of in 1999; the Vostochno-Tarkosalinskoye field with reserves of in 2001; and the Beregovoye field with reserves of in 2003. In 2002, there was an agreement to merge the newly created gas company Novatek with Itera, but the deal was cancelled.
In 2010, India-based Sun Group sold its 26% stake in Itera Holdings back to Itera Group. In 2011, TNK-BP planned to acquire a 50% stake in Itera. This transaction failed. In 2012, Rosneft announced a plan to acquire up to 51% in Itera Oil & Gas. In 2013, Rosneft acquired all shares in Itera Oil & Gas.
Operations.
Itera Oil & Gas Company.
The main subsidiary of Itera was Itera Oil & Gas Company. It had aggregate proved reserves of of natural gas, over 2 million tons of gas condensate and 7 million tons of crude oil. By 2011, more than of natural gas had been produced in eight fields. It had 49% stake in Sibneftegaz (another shareholder is Novatek), which holds licences for exploration and production in the Yamal-Nenets region, including the Beregovoye field, Pyreinoye field, Zapadno-Zapolyarnoye field, and the Khadyryakhinskiy licence area.
Sibneftegaz owns the rights to develop oil and gas condensate fields with a total resource of of natural gas and 8.44 million tonnes of gas condensate. In Sverdlovsk Oblast, the company operates through ZAO Uralsevergaz, a joint venture with the oblast administration. Together with Zarubezhneft, Itera carried out a development of block 21 in the Turkmen sector of the Caspian Sea. The reserves of this block are 219 million tons of oil, of natural gas and of associated gas. Together with Zarubezhneft and Rosneft, it developed blocks 29, 30 and 31.
Other activities.
Since the mid-2000s, Itera group has been involved in civil and industrial engineering in Russia, Belarus and Turkmenistan. Among the projects are an office complex for the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi, Russia, a skyscraper and a business center in Minsk, and sport facilities and pipelines in Turkmenistan and Russia. The company has commenced construction of a steam-gas power cogeneration plant with a capacity of 900 MW in the Nizhny Novgorod Region. The company plans are underway for construction of a gas and petrochemical complex in the Urals with a capacity of 600,000 tons of methanol per year. In 2009, Itera's subsidiary MPK Engineering was contracted to build the Central Kara Kum–CS Yilanly gas pipeline in Turkmenistan. The pipeline was completed in 2010.
Since 2008, Itera, through its subsidiary Arkticheskiye razrabotki, developed Apsatskoe mineral coal mine, one of the largest in Russia, in Zabaykalsky Krai. Through its 72% stake in Stavropolstroynerud, it develops the Malkinsky quarry, located in Stavropol Region, with production capacity exceeding 1 million cubic meters of crushed stone, sand, and gravel per year. In 2011 100% of Arkticheskiye razrabotki were sold to SUEK, which became the new owner of Apsatskoe.
In the United States, Itera focuses on oil and real estate, in addition to renewable energy sources, chemicals and bioenergy technologies. In 2008, Itera put a bioethanol refinery into operation in Pennsylvania. The construction of a similar facility in Louisiana is planned, as well.
Corporate affairs.
Structure.
Itera Group Ltd. is registered in Cyprus. It owns Itera Holdings Limited, also registered in Cyprus, which owned 99.99% of Itera Oil and Gas Company, the main company of the group. In 2012 51% of Itera Oil & Gas were included into a joint-venture with Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft, which in 2013 also bought out remaining 49% from Itera Holdings Limited Altogether, Itera Group has dozens of subsidiaries in Russia, CIS, Asia, Europe and in the US. Its main shareholder, chairman of the board of directors and president is Igor Makarov, its first vice president is Vladimir Makeev.
Financials.
In 2010, Itera had a gross profit of US$435.9 million and a net profit under IAS of US$226.9 million. Net sales amounted to US$1.6 billion, compared to US$1.15 billion in the previous year, and natural gas sales were RUR1.58 billion, compared to RUR1.13 billion in the previous year.
Sponsorships.
Itera is a sponsor of the European Cycling Union (UEC). In March 2011, the UEC President Wojciech Walkiewicz and Igor Makarov, the chairman of the board of directors for Itera, signed a contract for financial support until the end of 2011, with the possibility of contract renewal.
In Russia, Itera is a long-term primary sponsor of the Russian Cycling Federation and one of the three key sponsors (along with Gazprom and Rostechnologii) of Russian cycling teams Katusha ProTour and Itera-Katusha continental, and two youth cycling teams, Itera-Katusha Under 21 and Itera-Katusha Under 23.
Itera Latvia, a subsidiary of Itera with a 66% stake, is one of the major sponsors of the Latvian hockey club Dinamo Riga.
Itera signed an agreement with Gubkin Russian State University of Oil and Gas. According to the agreement, Itera provides grants to the best-performing students. The company also finances a number of scientific projects, and assists in providing technical equipment for the curricula.
Itera is one of the trustees of the Saint Petersburg Mining Institute, providing assistance in developing its educational and scientific base, preserving and renewing a group of historical buildings, repairing and constructing student dormitories and introducing innovative programs and technologies. Itera provides financial backing for constructing the Skolkovo Moscow School of Management.
Controversies.
According to "Bloomberg BusinessWeek", in the late 1990s, the Russian state-controlled company Gazprom conducted dubious transactions with Itera and a Gazprom/Itera joint-venture, Purgaz. Billions of dollars of Russian natural gas resources were transferred from Gazprom to Itera for artificially low prices, then sold to the markets by Itera, allegedly profiting Gazprom managers who were also beneficiaries of Itera.
In March 2002, the U.S. Trade and Development Agency cancelled a $868,000 grant to Itera as questions were raised about its legitimacy. In May, Representative Curt Weldon led a congressional delegation to Russia and visited Itera. After his return, he publicly supported Itera's efforts. In the beginning of September 2002, Itera paid the expenses Weldon to travel to New York City. The following week, Itera told Karen Weldon, the congressman's daughter, that it would sign a contract with her newly formed lobbying firm, Solutions North America, Inc. (SNA). On 24 September, Curt Weldon co-hosted an event at the Library of Congress honoring Itera's chairman. On 26 September, Weldon gave a floor speech praising Itera. On 30 September, SNA received a $500,000 annual contract with Itera, with $170,000 up front. In November, Itera paid for Karen Weldon to join Rep. Weldon on a trip to Eastern Europe and Russia. In January 2003, Itera opened U.S. offices in Jacksonville, Florida, and paid for Rep. Weldon to attend the opening.

</doc>
<doc id="2884791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884791" title="Vitaly Yurchenko">
Vitaly Yurchenko

Vitaly Yurchenko (; born May 2, 1936) is a former high-ranking KGB officer in the Soviet Union. In 1985, after 25 years of service in the KGB, he defected to the United States during an assignment in Rome. After providing the names of two U.S. intelligence officers who were KGB agents, Yurchenko slipped from the Americans and returned to the Soviets. He was awarded the Order of the Red Star.
Background.
After his defection to the United States, Yurchenko identified two American intelligence officers as KGB agents: Ronald Pelton and Edward Lee Howard. Pelton was later convicted, while Howard fled the United States before he could be questioned.
In November 1985, before eating a meal at Au Pied de Cochon, a restaurant in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C., Yurchenko told his CIA guard, "I'm going for a walk. If I don't come back, it's not your fault." Yurchenko did not return.
Several days later, the Soviet Embassy called a press conference, at which Yurchenko announced he had been kidnapped and drugged by the Americans. It is possible that his defection was staged to fool the CIA with wrong leads, to protect Aldrich Ames, an American who worked for the CIA and was then one of the USSR's most important double agents. The KGB was reported to have secretly interrogated Yurchenko after his return, under the influence of a truth drug, to ensure he had not been recruited by the CIA as a double agent.
Redefector or plant?
At a 1999 Texas A&M conference attended by several CIA intelligence professionals, as well as KGB General Oleg Danelovich Kalugin, the question of Yurchenko's defection came up. Kalugin stated that Yurchenko started out as a real defector, then changed his mind and redefected. Kalugin gave several points:
Another panelist also believed he was a legitimate defector. James Olson of the George Bush School said "I think he was a very disturbed individual and he redefected out of psychological problems that he had." Paul Redmond said that Sandra Grimes and Jeanne Vertefeuille (of the Aldrich Ames case) also believed Yurchenko was genuine. Redmond on the other hand thought it possible that Yurchenko might have been sent by the KGB as a "starburst".
Aftermath.
Yurchenko received the Order of the Red Star from the Soviet government for the successful "infiltration operation."

</doc>
<doc id="2884797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884797" title="Spider Stacy">
Spider Stacy

Peter "Spider" Stacy (born 14 December 1958, Eastbourne, England) is an English musician. He is one of the founding members of London Irish band The Pogues.

</doc>
<doc id="2884802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884802" title="Sweet Adeline (song)">
Sweet Adeline (song)

"(You're the Flower of My Heart,) Sweet Adeline" is a ballad best known as a barbershop standard. It was first published in 1903, with lyrics by Richard H. Gerard to music by Harry Armstrong, from a tune he had written in 1896 at the age of 18. According to a 1928 newspaper story, the lyrics were inspired "by a girl who worked at the music counter of a New York department store." After failing to find a publisher with the initial title, "You're the Flower of My Heart, Sweet Rosalie", according to a story the two decided a new title was in order and were inspired by a poster advertising the farewell tour of opera singer Adelina Patti. It did not become a hit until it was performed in 1904 by the group The Quaker City Four.
John F. Fitzgerald, who served as mayor of Boston, represented Massachusetts in Congress and was the maternal grandfather of President John F. Kennedy, made "Sweet Adeline" his theme song in 1909. Over the next four decades, he personally sang it at countless political and social events and on the radio.

</doc>
<doc id="2884803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884803" title="Mike Buck">
Mike Buck

Mike Buck (June 17, 1952) is an Austin, Texas-based drummer and co-owner of Antone's Record Shop located in downtown Austin.
Career.
Born and raised in Fort Worth, Texas, Buck began playing drums at the age of 12. By his mid teens, he was playing in various Fort Worth-area clubs with artists such Robert Ealey, Ray Sharpe, Johnny Carroll, and Bubbles Cash.
Buck moved to Austin in the mid-1970s and joined the blues rock group, The Fabulous Thunderbirds, along with Keith Ferguson, Jimmie Vaughan, and Kim Wilson. He appeared on the Thunderbirds' first two albums, "Girls Go Wild" (1979) and "What's The Word" (1980). In 1981, he left to form The LeRoi Brothers with guitarists, Steve Doerr and Don Leady. In addition to continuing to play with The LeRoi Brothers, Buck has performed and recorded with numerous notable artists over the years including Roky Erickson, Screamin' Jay Hawkins (Jalacy Hawkins), Roy Head, Lazy Lester (Leslie Johnson), Toni Price, Ted Roddy, and Doug Sahm.
In 1985, Buck appeared on the album, "Trash, Twang And Thunder", which featured various artists known collectively as Big Guitars From Texas. The album track, "Guitar Army" ‒ featuring Buck, Frankie Camaro, Keith Ferguson, Denny Freeman, Evan Johns, and Jesse Taylor ‒ garnered a 1986 Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance.
In 2001, Buck, Eve Monsees, Speedy Sparks, and Grady Pinkerton formed Eve & The Exiles. After the group's self-titled 2004 release and several lineup changes, the Exiles released their 2008 album entitled "Blow Your Mind".
In May 2009, Buck, Monsees, and Forrest Coppock purchased the central Austin record store, Antone's Record Shop, from then-current owner, Susan Antone (sister of the store's original owner, Clifford Antone).
In September 2010, Buck and Monsees were married in New Orleans.

</doc>
<doc id="2884811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884811" title="Phrase book">
Phrase book

A phrase book is a collection of ready-made phrases, usually for a foreign language along with a translation, indexed and often in the form of questions and answers.
Structure.
While mostly thematically structured into several chapters like "interpersonal relationships", "food", "at the doctor", "shopping" etc., a phrase book often contains useful background information regarding the travel destination's culture, customs and conventions besides simple pronunciation guidelines and a typically 1000–2000 words covering vocabulary.
Also a concise grammar and an index intended for quickly finding a particular context are common. In general a phrase book features high clarity and a practical, sometimes color-coded structuring with the main purpose to enable its user to communicate in a quick and easy though very basic manner. Especially with this in mind a phrase book occasionally also provides several possible answers for a given question, in order to enable the asked counterpart to respond in some degree by simply finger pointing at one of the answers. Additional audio material is often intended to benefit pronunciation and understanding competence. This kind of phrase books is often referred to as talking phrase book or voice translator.
History.
Hand-written phrase books were used in the Mediaeval Europe by pilgrims to the Holy Land; major European languages, Greek, and Hebrew were covered. Printed phrase books appeared already in the late 15th century, exemplified by the "Good Boke to Lerne to Speke French" (ca. 1493-1496).
In Asia, phrase books were compiled for the travelers on the Silk Road already in the first millennium AD, such as a Dunhuang manuscript (Pelliot chinois 5538) containing a set of useful Khotanese and Sanskrit phrases.
Notes.
The British comedian group "Monty Python" featured a phrase book containing wrong translations in two of their sketches. (See Dirty Hungarian Phrasebook.)
The expression "My postillion has been struck by lightning", supposedly included in some phrasebooks, is used to describe some of the less likely to be useful phrases found in some books. 
The 1972 short story by Joanna Russ, "Useful Phrases for the Tourist", takes the form of an excerpt from a phrase book. Since its initial appearance it has been reprinted nine times, and has been translated into Italian and French.
Phrasebooks exist for both living languages and for non spoken languages such as Meissner's Latin Phrasebook 
The absence of vocabulary related to mental illness in commonly available phrase books has been examined by Mac Suibhne and Ni Chorcorain who surveyed a range of phrase books. All the books surveyed had sections on health: 12% (n=3) had vocabulary for depression and 40% (n=10) had vocabulary for anxiety disorders. Two of the publishers had produced phrase books which contained a word for ‘anxious’ in the general dictionary, without any cultural context, 16% (n=4) had a (context-free) expression for ‘I feel strange,’ but none had a word for ‘psychosis’ or stated how to say ‘I have a diagnosis of schizophrenia.’ The authors suggested that collaboration between psychiatrists and publishers could achieve appropriate ways of rectifying this situation.

</doc>
<doc id="2884813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884813" title="Luise von Ploennies">
Luise von Ploennies

Luise von Ploennies (7 November 1803 – 22 January 1872) was a German poet born at Hanau, the daughter of the naturalist Johann Philipp Achilles Leisler. In 1824 she married the physician August von Ploennies in Darmstadt. After his death in 1847 she resided for some years in Belgium, then at Jugenheim on the Bergstrasse, and finally at Darmstadt, where she died. Between 1844 and 1870 she published several volumes of verse, being particularly happy in eclectic love songs, patriotic poems and descriptions of scenery. She also wrote two biblical dramas, "Maria Magdalena" (1870) and "David" (1873).
As a translator from the English, Luise von Ploennies published two collections of poems, "Britannia" (1843) and "Englische Lyriker des 19ten Jahrhunderts" (1863, 3rd ed., 1867).

</doc>
<doc id="2884815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884815" title="Danio dangila">
Danio dangila

Danio dangila, the moustached danio, is a fish, and is the largest of the true "Danio" species at up to six inches long. Its name is from its particularly long barbels. It is sometimes kept in aquariums.

</doc>
<doc id="2884827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884827" title="Diocese of Swansea and Brecon">
Diocese of Swansea and Brecon

The Diocese of Swansea and Brecon was established as a Diocese of the Church in Wales in 1923 with Brecon Priory as the Cathedral. The area of the Diocese had formerly been the Archdeaconry of Brecon within the Diocese of St David's. The Diocese has a border with five other Welsh Dioceses, as well as with the English Diocese of Hereford.
Edward Latham Bevan was made Assistant Bishop in the Diocese of St David's as Bishop of Swansea in 1915, and in 1923 he was elected as the first Bishop of the new Diocese.
The current Bishop of the Diocese is the Right Reverend John Davies. He was elected as Bishop of Swansea and Brecon on 29 January 2008. Prior to being elected he was the Dean of Brecon Cathedral.
The current Archdeacons of The Swansea and Brecon Diocese are:

</doc>
<doc id="2884839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884839" title="Bayer Corporation">
Bayer Corporation

Bayer Corporation (also known as Bayer USA) is the United States subsidiary of Bayer AG. Its main offices are located in Robinson Township, a western suburb of Pittsburgh. In addition it has 40 fully consolidated subsidiary companies located in 19 different states. 
History.
Bayer began marketing in America soon after the company's inception in Germany. In the late 1800s, they began to sell their trademark medication, aspirin. While the name aspirin became synonymous with Bayer for over a quarter of a century, the company lost the naming right during World War I, due to the company's German origin.
In 1954, Bayer AG and Monsanto reached an agreement for establishment of a joint venture that was to be called Mobay. Initially established in St. Louis, Mobay established its headquarters in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1958, moving to its present location adjacent to Interstate 376 in 1960. A polyurethanes manufacturing site in New Martinsville, West Virginia began operation in 1955. 
In 1964 the United States Department of Justice brought anti-trust action against Mobay, resulting in Bayer AG reaching an agreement to purchase Monsanto's share of the company in 1967. In October of 1971 Mobay, along with five other Bayer owned chemical related subsidiaries in the United States, merged into a single company called Baychem Chemical Company and headquartered New York City. By 1974 the company relocated to Pittsburgh under the name Mobay Chemical Company. In that same decade two additional United States companies were acquired and merged into Mobay: Cutter Laboratories in 1974 and Miles Laboratories in 1978. In 1994, Bayer finally reacquired full rights to all former Bayer products after they purchased the Winthrop division of over-the-counter drugs from GlaxoSmithKline.
Philanthropic Activities.
In 1953, Bayer Corporation founded the first of three foundations that were later merged into the Bayer USA Foundation to support philanthropic giving in the United States. Foundation grants focus on education and workforce development, and environment and sustainability.
Making Science Make Sense (MSMS) is a STEM - science, technology, engineering, and mathematics - social responsibility program to provide hands-on, inqury-based educational opportunities in the United States. The program focuses on promoting science and scientific principles to students in grades K-20. Astronaut Mae Jemison is the national spokesperson for MSMS.
Products.
Famous Bayer over-the-counter products include Aleve, Bayer Aspirin, Alka-Seltzer, Phillip's Laxatives, Bactine, One-A-Day, Flintstone Vitamins, and Midol. The company also markets prescription medications, animal medications, and diagnostic and medical testing equipment. Aside from the medical arm of the company, Bayer also creates many different chemicals and agricultural products.

</doc>
<doc id="2884857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884857" title="Baby Britain">
Baby Britain

"Baby Britain" is a single by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, released in 1999 as the second single from his fourth studio album, "XO".
Music video.
A music video, directed by Steve Hanft, was made for the song. In the video, Smith can be seen in a recording studio playing various instruments, including a guitar, piano, mandolin, French horn and drums. There is also footage of Smith playing live.
In popular culture.
The band Bayside covered "Baby Britain" on their 2006 album "Acoustic".

</doc>
<doc id="2884862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884862" title="Pamper party">
Pamper party

A pamper party (or pampering party) is a female-oriented party where each guest receives beauty and massage treatments and generally spends time indulging and pampering themselves.
Pamper parties are usually held in the hostess's home although they are sometimes offered by spas and salons. In the UK, a pamper party is a popular component of a hen party or hen weekend (this would be termed a bachelorette party in the US).
Pamper parties are usually considered to be a healthy indulgence so in addition to pampering treatments, the hostess usually provides healthy snacks, fruit juices and smoothies.
Children's Pamper Parties.
Pamper Parties may also be organized as a variation to a girl's birthday party for slightly older children where the theme of the event seeks to mimic an adult pamper party in a safe environment such as a parents' home. 
These events combine elements of children's parties (such as party-bags) with elements of adult pamper parties (such as cosmetics and well-being) in a child-friendly manner with "pamper baskets" typically being given to younger guests.
It is common for these events to be combined with a sleepover, slumber party or pajama party. Similarly this is a form is "rite of passage" from childhood to adulthood.

</doc>
<doc id="2884866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884866" title="Moon Dogs">
Moon Dogs

Moon Dogs is a collection of science fiction short stories and essays by Michael Swanwick. It was published in 2000 to commemorate his appearance as Guest of Honor at Boskone 37. It includes collaborations with Gardner Dozois and Jack Dann.

</doc>
<doc id="2884868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884868" title="Westgard Pass">
Westgard Pass

Westgard Pass (el. 7,313 ft. / 2,229 m.) is a narrow gap between the White Mountains and Inyo Mountains ranges in the Basin and Range Province of eastern California. Westgard Pass lies entirely within the Inyo National Forest, in northern Inyo County, California.
State Route 168 crosses the pass, connecting the Owens Valley to Deep Springs Valley. Route 168 is the only (paved) east-west route across the Inyo-White Mountains. The highway is known for its pristine scenery and grand vistas.
History.
The pass was named after A. L. Westgard, the Vice President and Director of Transcontinental Highways of the National Highways Association. Inyo County and the State of California bestowed the honor on Westgard after his successful transcontinental journey by automobile in 1911. Westgard, nicknamed "The Pathfinder" was appointed by Federal Highway Administration Director Logan Page to attempt the trek as research for appropriate locations for the first transcontinental highways. This initial field survey ultimately led to what would eventually become the Lincoln Highway. 
Although not the first transcontinental voyage by motorized vehicle, Westgard claimed to be the first to have completed the journey by truck, his being a 37-horsepower "Pioneer Freighter".

</doc>
<doc id="2884875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884875" title="Cape Disappointment State Park">
Cape Disappointment State Park

Cape Disappointment State Park, formerly known as Fort Canby State Park, is a park located southwest of Ilwaco, Washington. The park is located on the southern part of Long Beach Peninsula, which is fronted by the Pacific Ocean. The park is one of several state parks and sites in Washington and Oregon that make up the Lewis and Clark National and State Historical Parks. Sights in the park include of ocean beach, the North Head Lighthouse, Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, and the Lewis and Clark Interpretive Center. The Colbert House Museum is a nearby historic house that is open by appointment.
History.
In 1862, during the American Civil War, a camp called Post at Cape Disappointment was established and fortifications existed here from that date to protect the northern approaches to the mouth of the Columbia River from possible attacks by Confederate raiders or foreign fleets. It was garrisoned by Company A, U.S. 9th Infantry Regiment and Company A, 8th Regiment California Volunteer Infantry in the District of Oregon. In 1863, its mate Fort Stevens was established on the south bank of the Columbia River. In 1864, the post was renamed Fort Cape Disappointment. Some Civil War-era fortifications still exist. They were called the Tower (or Right) Battery, Left Battery, and Center Battery.
Fort Cape Disappointment was renamed Fort Canby in 1875. Later Fort Canby became part of the three fort Columbia River harbor defenses as a subpost of Fort Stevens along with Fort Columbia.
Lewis and Clark Interpretive Center.
The Lewis and Clark Interpretive Center features exhibits about the 1803–1806 Lewis and Clark Expedition from St. Louis, Missouri to the Pacific coast. There are displays about the park's later history, including the lighthouses, U.S. Coast Guard and military activities, and the area's maritime and natural history. Other facilities include an observation deck, films and a gift shop.
The center sits on a cliff that overlooks the confluence of the Columbia River and the Pacific Ocean, and is open daily. There is an admission fee.
Colbert House Museum.
Located in Ilwaco, Washington at the corner of Spruce and Quaker streets, the Colbert House is a historic house museum that is operated by Cape Disappointment State Park. The house was originally built in 1872 and moved to its current site in 1883. The house was owned by a fishing family and was restored in 1994 to a late 19th-century appearance with Colbert family furnishings and decorative items. The museum is open by appointment only.
Colbert House is a Washington State Parks Heritage Site and on the National Register of Historic Places.
Other park facilities.
Cape Disappointment State Park offers camping facilities, hiking trails, watercraft launch sites, and a park store. Visitors can tour the North Head Lighthouse.
Habitat.
Cape Disappointment State Park currently consists mostly of spruce and alder trees.

</doc>
<doc id="2884881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884881" title="MNP">
MNP

MNP is a three letter acronym that can stand for several things:

</doc>
<doc id="2884898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884898" title="Bukkene Bruse">
Bukkene Bruse

Bukkene Bruse (established 1989 in Norway) is a Norwegian Traditional folk music band, presenting a varied repertoire of traditional and folk-style Norwegian songs, but also including many new compositions based on various Norwegian musical traditions.
Biography.
The members of the group include Annbjørg Lien, a prominent Hardanger fiddle and nyckelharpa (keyed fiddle) player; Arve Moen Bergset, fiddle player and vocalist; flutist Steinar Ofsdal; and pipe organist Bjørn Ole Rasch. The name of the group is taken from the fairy tale of the Three Billy Goats Gruff ().
The group was formed 1988 in Norway and has travelled and performed widely in Scandinavia, and elsewhere. They were selected as official Olympic Musicians for the Lillehammer Olympic Games and performed at the closing ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="2884900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884900" title="Wilder Park, Louisville">
Wilder Park, Louisville

Wilder Park is a neighborhood four miles south of downtown Louisville, Kentucky USA. The area was originally the site of Greenland race course, built in 1866, a sister track of Churchill Downs. Greenland track closed in 1888 and was subsequently used as a park.
The first houses in Wilder Park were built off Southern Parkway in 1891. The rest of the area was completed by 1901 as streetcar lines linked the neighborhood to Iroquois Park and new factories in South Louisville. In 1904, Wilder Park was part of the incorporated city of Oakdale, until the city of Louisville annexed it in 1922.
A memorial to South Louisville veterans of the Second World War is located in Wilder Park in the 3900 block of south Second Street.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Wilder Park was 2,477 , of which 83.4% are white, 10% are black, 4.6% are Hispanic, and 2% are listed as other. College graduates are 6.1% of the population, people without a high school degree are 36.6%. Wilder Park has exactly the same number of women and men.

</doc>
<doc id="2884904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884904" title="Imaginary time">
Imaginary time

Imaginary time is a concept derived from quantum mechanics and is essential in connecting quantum mechanics with statistical mechanics.
Imaginary time can be difficult to visualize. If we imagine "regular time" as a horizontal line running between "past" in one direction and "future" in the other, then imaginary time would run perpendicular to this line as the imaginary numbers run perpendicular to the real numbers in the complex plane. Imaginary time is "not" imaginary in the sense that it is unreal or made-up — it simply runs in a direction different from the type of time we experience. In essence, imaginary time is a way of looking at the time dimension as if it were a dimension of space: you can move forward and backward along imaginary time, just like you can move right and left in space.
In quantum mechanics.
Imaginary time formula_1 is obtained from real time via a Wick rotation by formula_2 in the complex plane: formula_3. It can be shown that at finite temperature "T", the Green's functions are periodic in imaginary time with a period of formula_4. Therefore their Fourier transforms contain only a discrete set of frequencies called Matsubara frequencies. Another way to see the connection between statistical mechanics and quantum field theory is to consider the transition amplitude formula_5 between an initial state "I" and a final state "F". "H" is the Hamiltonian of the system. If we compare this with the partition function formula_6 we see that to get the partition function from the transition amplitudes we can replace formula_7, set "F" = "I" = "n" and sum over "n". This way we don't have to do twice the work by evaluating both the statistical properties and the transition amplitudes. Finally by using a Wick rotation one can show that the Euclidean quantum field theory in ("D" + 1)-dimensional spacetime is nothing but quantum statistical mechanics in "D"-dimensional space.
In cosmology.
Imaginary time is also used in cosmology. It is used to describe models of the universe in physical cosmology. Stephen Hawking popularized the concept of imaginary time in his book "A Brief History of Time".
The concept is useful in cosmology because it can help smooth out gravitational singularities in models of the universe (see Hartle–Hawking state), where known physical laws do not apply. The Big Bang, for example, appears as a singularity in "regular time." But, when visualized with imaginary time, the singularity is removed and the Big Bang functions like any other point in spacetime.

</doc>
<doc id="2884906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884906" title="Disclaimer II">
Disclaimer II

Disclaimer II is the second album released by the South African post-grunge music group Seether. This disc is a recompilation of the band's first album, "Disclaimer", from 2002. Although the 12 tracks from the original album are present, they have been slightly remixed and differ from the original. Also, the majority of the remixed tracks feature additional lead guitar melodies with the addition of a permanent lead guitarist to the band's line-up prior to the release of the album. In Europe, the album includes four tracks more than its predecessor; in the United States, the album has eight extra tracks, some of which had been previously released on soundtracks, such as "Hang On," which had been featured on the 2003 and "Out of My Way," which had been featured on the soundtrack to the 2003 horror film "Freddy vs. Jason". "Fine Again" also appeared on "Madden NFL 2003" and "1080° Avalanche".
A primary reason for the reworking of "Disclaimer" was the popularity of "Broken." Originally a simple acoustic ballad, it was remade into an electric, duet version with vocals by Amy Lee. This new version was originally featured on the 2004 and had an accompanying music video. Both the US and European releases include the new rendition of "Broken," and "Disclaimer II" subsequently became Seether's most successful album commercially. The song "Sold Me" was used for WWE's Bad Blood pay per view, along with WWE also using "Out of My Way" as the entrance theme of Zach Gowen. The song "Take Me Away" is an acoustic version of a track from their first independent album, Fragile (2000).
Track listing.
All songs written by Shaun Morgan and Dale Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="2884907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884907" title="Bouffant">
Bouffant

__NOTOC__
A bouffant is a type of hairstyle characterized by hair raised high on the head and hanging down on the sides.
History.
The bouffant was a mainstream hairstyle in the mid-to-late 18th century in western Europe. It was thought to be created for Marie Antoinette, as she had relatively thin hair and wanted to create the illusion of having very full hair.
The modern bouffant is considered to have been invented by Raymond Bessone.
The hairstyle again became popular during the 1960s and early 1970s.
Etymology.
"bouffante" from present participle of "bouffer": "to puff, puff out."
Hair on the top of the head was raised, using a comb being dragged back and forward to create the raised effect which used knots in the hair caused by the comb. The hairstyle was lightly combed over the top to give a neat look.

</doc>
<doc id="2884912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884912" title="Letrozole">
Letrozole

Letrozole (INN, trade name Femara) is an oral non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor for the treatment of hormonally-responsive breast cancer after surgery.
Uses.
FDA-approved use.
Letrozole is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of local or metastatic breast cancer that is hormone receptor positive or has an unknown receptor status in postmenopausal women.
Off-label uses.
Letrozole has been used for ovarian stimulation by fertility doctors since 2001 because it has fewer side-effects than clomiphene ("Clomid") and less chance of multiple gestation. A Canadian study presented at the American Society of Reproductive Medicine 2005 Conference suggests that letrozole may increase the risk of birth defects. A more detailed ovulation induction follow-up study found that letrozole, compared with a control group of clomiphene, had significantly lower congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities at an overall rate of 2.4% (1.2% major malformations) compared with clomiphene 4.8% (3.0% major malformations). Despite this, India banned the usage of letrozole in 2011, citing potential risks to infants. In 2012, an Indian parliamentary committee said that the drug controller office colluded with letrozole's makers to approve the drug for infertility in India and also stated that letrozole's use for infertility was illegal worldwide; however, such off-label uses are legal in many countries such as the US and UK.
The anti-estrogen action of letrozole has been shown to be useful in pretreatment for termination of pregnancy, in combination with misoprostol. It can be used in place of mifepristone, which is expensive and unavailable in many countries.
Letrozole is sometimes used as a treatment for gynecomastia, although it is probably most effective at this if caught in an early stage (such as in users of anabolic steroids).
Some studies have shown that letrozole can be used to promote spermatogenesis in male patients suffering from nonobstructive azoospermia.
Letrozole has also been shown to delay the fusing of the growth plates in mice. When used in combination with growth hormone, letrozole has been shown effective in one adolescent boy with a short stature.
Letrozole has also been used to treat endometriosis.
Mechanism of action.
Estrogens are produced by the conversion of androgens through the activity of the aromatase enzyme. Estrogens then bind to an estrogen receptor, which causes cells to divide.
Letrozole prevents the aromatase from producing estrogens by competitive, reversible binding to the heme of its cytochrome P450 unit. The action is specific, and letrozole does not reduce production of mineralo- or corticosteroids.
Contraindications.
Letrozole is contraindicated in women having a pre-menopausal hormonal status, during pregnancy and lactation.
Adverse effects.
The most common side effects are sweating, hot flashes, arthralgia (joint pain), and fatigue.
Generally, side effects include signs and symptoms of hypoestrogenism. There is concern that long term use may lead to osteoporosis, which is in certain patient populations such as post-menopausal women or osteoporotics, bisphosphonates may also be prescribed.
Interactions.
Letrozole inhibits the liver enzyme CYP2A6, and to a lesser extent CYP2C19, "in vitro", but no relevant interactions with drugs like cimetidine and warfarin have been observed.
Comparison with tamoxifen.
Tamoxifen is also used to treat hormonally-responsive breast cancer, but it does so by interfering with the estrogen receptor. However, letrozole is effective only in post-menopausal women, in whom estrogen is produced predominantly in peripheral tissues (i.e. in adipose tissue, like that of the breast) and a number of sites in the brain. In pre-menopausal women, the main source of estrogen is from the ovaries not the peripheral tissues, and letrozole is ineffective.
In the BIG 1–98 Study, of post-menopausal women with hormonally-responsive breast cancer, letrozole reduced the recurrence of cancer, but did not change survival rate, compared to tamoxifen.
Synthesis.
Letrozole can by synthesized from 4-cyanobenzyl bromide, triazole, and 4-fluorobenzonitrile:

</doc>
<doc id="2884919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884919" title="WF">
WF

WF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884921" title="John Cadman, 1st Baron Cadman">
John Cadman, 1st Baron Cadman

John Cadman, 1st Baron Cadman FRS, GCMG (7 September 1877 – 31 May 1941) was a British mining engineer, petroleum technologist and public servant.
Early life.
Cadman was educated at Armstrong College, University of Durham and received a first class Honours in Geology in 1899.
Career.
Cadman served as Inspector of Mines in Trinidad and Tobago in the first decade of the 20th Century. At that time Trinidad and Tobago was a British Colony. As Inspector of Mines he was responsible for the commercialization of Trinidad's oil in 1907. In this effort Cadman was joined by Arthur "Beeby" Thompson who was an engineer with oilfield experience in Russia.
Cadman would later go on to teach petroleum engineering at the Birmingham University in the U.K. Cadman is credited with creating the course "Petroleum Engineering".
He was well known for his love of shellfish.
He was later an executive of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company in the 1930s. He expanded production fourfold and eventually joined a venture by Henri Deterding of Royal Dutch/Shell to stabilize petroleum prices.
Honours.
He was created CMG in 1916, KCMG in 1918 and GCMG in 1929. In 1937 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Cadman, of Silverdale in the County of Stafford.
In 1940 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
On 17 May 2007 Silverdale Parish Council voted to name a new street "Cadman Close" in honour of Lord Cadman.

</doc>
<doc id="2884932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884932" title="Nishiki">
Nishiki

Nishiki is the Japanese word for "brocade." Articles with "nishiki" in the title include
Towns in Japan:
Rice:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="2884933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884933" title="Chiles en nogada">
Chiles en nogada

Chiles en nogada is a dish from Mexican cuisine. The name comes from the Spanish word for the walnut tree, "nogal". It consists of poblano chiles filled with "picadillo" (a mixture usually containing shredded meat, aromatics, fruits and spices) topped with a walnut-based cream sauce, called "nogada", and pomegranate seeds, giving it the three colors of the Mexican flag: green for the chili, white for the nut sauce and red for the pomegranate. The walnut used to prepare "nogada" is a variety called "Nogal de Castilla" or Castillan Walnut, also known as the English Walnut. 
The traditional "chile en nogada" is from Puebla; it is tied to the independence of this country since it is said they were prepared for the first time to entertain the emperor Agustín de Iturbide when he came to the city after his naming as Agustín I. This dish is a source of pride for the inhabitants of the state of Puebla.
Some Mexican historians believe the inventors of this dish were the Monjas Clarisas, although others think they were the Madres Contemplativas Agustinas of the convent of Santa Monica, Puebla.
The "picadillo" usually contains "panochera" apple ("manzana panochera"), sweet-milk pear ("pera de leche") and "criollo" peach ("durazno criollo"). The cream usually has milk, double cream, fresh cheese and washed nuts. The traditional season for making and eating this dish is August and first half of September, when pomegranates appear in the markets of Central Mexico and the national independence festivities begin. In some areas, the dish is created depending on when the pomegranates are ripe - usually between early October and January.

</doc>
<doc id="2884941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884941" title="American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians &amp; Gynecologists">
American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians &amp; Gynecologists

The American Association of Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists (AAPLOG) is a U.S.-based pro-life advocacy group, primarily for Obstetricians and Gynecologists, but also open to other medical professionals and non-medical individuals and organizations.
According to AAPLOG's website, "in the fall of 1972, Matthew J. Bulfin, M.D., of Lauderdale-By-The-Sea, FL., received two publications sent out by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) to all its members: “Behavior Aspects of Abortion”, extolling the concept of abortion on demand, and “The Management of Sexual Crises in the Female” advocating abortions for minors without parental consent. Thousands of obstetricians and gynecologists were disturbed by this drastic departure by the College from what had always been a joyous tradition: that of protecting and safeguarding both the mother and her unborn. The Supreme Court decision followed in January 1973. The College had laid the groundwork for abortion on demand.
"The week after the Supreme Court decision, Dr. Bulfin made ten telephone calls to prominent obstetricians and gynecologists across the country to sound them out about the feasibility of a Pro Life group within the College. Nine of ten gave their enthusiastic support of the idea."
"The late John G. Masterson, M.D., Clinical Professor of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago and well-respected in academic ranks, gave Dr. Bulfin his valuable expertise in getting the organization underway.
"Thirty one obstetricians and gynecologists attended the founding meetings in Bal Harbour, FL. on April 21, 1973. Dr. William Lynch, of Boston, then Secretary of the New England OB/Gyn Society, was extremely helpful in formulating the Constitution and Bylaws."
"Since the initial meeting in Bal Harbour, AAPLOG has met yearly, and has been formally recognized as a Special Interest Group of ACOG. Currently we sponsor an annual mid-winter continuing medical education meeting. We also host an educational booth at ACOG’s annual clinical meeting, APGO-CREOG’s annual meeting, and various other national medical meetings (ACOOG, CMDA, WIMD, CathMedAssn), and pregnancy resource center meetings (CareNet, Heartbeat, NIFLA, BFL). We continue to be a credible professional advocate for the life of the unborn child, for adequate informed consent for women seeking abortion, for honest evaluation of complications associated with abortion, and for the right of physicians to follow their conscience convictions regarding doing or referring for abortion.""
AAPLOG held the title of "special interest group" within ACOG for 40 years, from 1973 until 2013, when ACOG discontinued the designation of "special interest group."

</doc>
<doc id="2884943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884943" title="Ontario Highway 5">
Ontario Highway 5

King's Highway 5, commonly referred to as Highway 5 and historically as the Dundas Highway, is a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. The east–west highway travels a distance of between Highway 8 at Peter's Corners, north of Hamilton and Highway 6 at Clappison's Corners. Prior to several sections being downloaded to the municipalities in which they reside, Highway 5 served as bypass to Highway 2, connecting with it in both Paris and Scarborough, a distance of .
Highway 5 followed a significant piece of the "Governor's Road", one of two routes constructed under the orders of John Graves Simcoe during his short tenure as Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, the other being Yonge Street. The route was adopted into the provincial highway system in 1920 and numbered as Highway 5 in 1925.
Route description.
Highway 5 serves as a short connector between Highway 8 in the west and Highway 6 in the east, essentially a continuation of Highway 8. This configuration comes as a result of the truncation of both highways. The removed sections were transferred to the jurisdiction of the City of Toronto, the City of Mississauga, the Regional Municipality of Halton, the City of Hamilton, the County of Brant, and Oxford County on January 1, 1998. Prior to that, Highway 5 followed a large portion of the "Governors Road" between Toronto and Paris.
The current route of Highway 5 is almost entirely straight and rural. It passes immediately to the north of the Niagara Escarpment, a World Biosphere Reserve. South of the escarpment is the town of Dundas, once a separate settlement that has recently become a suburb of Hamilton. Both lie on the western tip of Lake Ontario.
It begins at the southern end of Highway 8 in Peter's Corners, next to the junction with former Highway 52. To the west, the road is known as Hamilton Regional Road 5 and proceeds towards Paris. Proceeding east, it passes several houses before crossing a ravine. The highway divides a forest, then becomes surrounded by farm fields on either side. It crosses Spencer Creek as it approaches Brock Road. Spencer Creek plunges over the nearby escarpment at Webster's Falls. Continuing, Highway 5 passes north of several new subdivisions and returns to a farmland setting. It passes through the rural hamlet of Rock Chapel, and then curves to the left on its final approach to Highway 6. East of Highway 6, the road becomes Halton Regional Road 5, but is more commonly known as Dundas Street.
History.
Original construction.
Highway 5 was constructed as northerly alternative to Highway 2. The highway's eastern terminus was the intersection of Danforth Avenue and Kingston Road (formerly Highway 2), in the City of Toronto. The highway ran west from that point, along Danforth Avenue and Bloor Street in the City of Toronto and Dundas St. through Etobicoke, Mississauga, Oakville and Burlington. The western terminus was at the intersection of the former Highway 2 in Paris, Ontario.
Original route.
From the western terminus in Paris, Ontario, through to the western boundary of Mississauga, the highway was largely a multi-lane rural road. Through Mississauga, the former Highway 5 is named Dundas Street, and is one of the busiest east-west routes in the city of nearly 700,000. 
Highway 5 took on a very different description through most of Toronto. It has been described as Toronto's other "Main Street" (with Yonge Street being the primary "Main Street" of Toronto). With a very urban feel, the former highway, through most of the city, is traced underground by Toronto's only complete east-west subway line (Bloor-Danforth).
Shift of responsibility.
In 1997, responsibility for portions of the highway were transferred from the province to the corresponding municipalities resulting in its current route. The former sections of the highway are now managed by the individual cities, towns, and counties they run through.
Recent development.
In September 2012, MTO completed the reconstruction of the three-road junction at Peters Corners, the western terminus of Highway 5, as a roundabout with separate traffic signals for the northern (Westover Road) and southeastern (Hamilton Road 8) arms.
Major intersections.
The following table lists cities historically associated with Highway 5 on Ontario's official road maps. Distances are based on the 1930s route.
Only the portion between Highways 6 and 8 remains part of the provincial highway system.

</doc>
<doc id="2884945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884945" title="Die Bad">
Die Bad

Die Bad () is a 2000 South Korean film. It was the debut film of director Ryoo Seung-wan and starred the director and his brother Ryoo Seung-bum along with Park Sung-bin and Bae Jung-shik. The film consists of four distinct parts that were originally created as short films. The parts are connected through the main story of the protagonist Sung-bin's descent into a life of crime.
Plot.
The first of the film's four parts is titled "Rumble". The events start with two groups of rival teenagers hanging out in a bar, playing pool. They end up fighting and the main character Park Sung-bin accidentally kills another youth. He is thrown to prison for the next seven years.
The second part is titled "Nightmare" after the dreams Sung-bin still has about the man he killed. Sung-bin is trying to get back on track after being released from prison. He manages to get a job in a garage with the help of his brother, but his father still seems to loathe him for his past misdeeds. Eventually Sung-bin ends up saving a local crime boss, Kim Tae-hoon from a brutal beating and gets a job from him.
The next segment, "Modern Man", intermixes fake documentary style interviews with a long fight between Kim Tae-hoon and Suk-hwan, an old friend of Sung-bin who was with him on the night that Sung-bin killed the man. Suk-hwan is now a police officer and his part of the interview tells about his job fighting crime while Kim Tae-hoon's interview segments show him speaking about his career in crime.
The last, longest segment is titled "Die Bad". Sung-bin is taking control of his own group after Kim Tae-hoon is taken to prison. Sung-bin recruits a gang of youths, including Suk-hwan's brother, to serve as knife fodder in largely meaningless fights. In the end, Suk-hwan confronts and kills Sung-bin, but his brother is also killed.
American remake.
A Hollywood remake is currently in development. Universal Studios bought the remake rights and in November 2008, it was announced that director Marc Forster was attached to direct. It will be produced by Foster and his producing partner Brad Simpson at their Apparatus Productions along with Vertigo Entertainment's Roy Lee and Overnight Productions' Doug Davison and Rick Schwartz.
Screenwriter Brad Ingelsby was hired to write the screenplay. Ingelsby made a name for himself in March 2008 by selling his debut spec script "The Low Dweller" to Relativity Media for $650,000 against $1.1 million. That project has Leonardo DiCaprio attached to produce and possibly star through his Appian Way Productions and has Ridley Scott attached to produce through his Scott Free Productions.
As of January 2011, there is currently no movement on the "Die Bad" remake.

</doc>
<doc id="2884953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884953" title="Music video award">
Music video award

Music Video Award may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2884962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884962" title="Cleveland Memorial Shoreway">
Cleveland Memorial Shoreway

The Cleveland Memorial Shoreway (often shortened to simply "The Shoreway") is a limited-access freeway in Cleveland, Ohio. It closely follows the shore of Lake Erie and connects the east and west sides of Cleveland via the Main Avenue Bridge. The Shoreway carries State Route 2 along its length, and also carries U.S. 6, U.S. 20 and I-90 for various stretches. Although it carries I-90, the "East Shoreway" is typically called such (and not "I-90") because it predates the Interstate Highway System. The Cleveland neighborhood of Detroit-Shoreway is named after the two roads that form the northern border, the Shoreway and Detroit Avenue.
History.
The Shoreway began as a roadway from East Ninth Street to East 55th Street built in 1930s using Works Progress Administration workers, and it served as access to the Great Lakes Exposition in 1936. It was the largest WPA project in the country. Within two years the roadway was extended to the Illuminating Company plant adjacent to Gordon Park, and it was opened for traffic in 1938, although planning delays prevented WPA from laying a second strip of pavement and building grade separations from side streets. After completion of the Main Avenue Bridge was completed in 1940, the highway was extended westward to Edgewater Park. The East Ninth Street interchange was also completed in 1940. The highway was extended to Bratenahl at East 140th Street in 1941. The roadway was envisioned as part of a larger system of high speed highways in the city. A West Shore Drive from Edgewater Park to Rocky River was planned, but further construction was interrupted by World War II. After the War, the previously unnamed highway became the Memorial Shoreway in honor of Cleveland's war veterans.
In 1944, the city and county planning departments and the state highway department developed a master plan for freeways throughout the area. However, the only additional freeway built was the Willow Freeway. The Memorial Shoreway permitted crosstown traffic with some stops but was incomplete between East 55th Street and East 72nd Street. In 1953 a further addition connected the sections of Shoreway and widened the original highway to make it an 8-lane, nonstop freeway. The Interstate Highway Act in 1956 provided the funding to complete much of the freeway system planned in 1944. As part of this effort, the Memorial Shoreway was joined to the new Lakeland Freeway, which by 1963 stretched eastward toward Painesville.
Future.
The Shoreway west of the Main Avenue Bridge is expected to be converted from a freeway to a surface street in order to increase ease of access to Lake Erie. Construction is to begin in spring 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2884967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884967" title="Wickersham Commission">
Wickersham Commission

U.S. President Herbert Hoover established the Wickersham Commission, officially called the National Commission on Law Observance and Enforcement, on May 20, 1929. Former Attorney General George W. Wickersham (1858–1936) headed the 11-member group charged with identifying the causes of criminal activity and to make recommendations for appropriate public policy. 
During the 1928 presidential campaign Herbert Hoover supported the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution but recognized that evasion was widespread and that prohibition had fueled the growth of organized crime.
Findings.
The Commission focused its investigations almost entirely on the widespread violations of national alcohol prohibition to study and recommend changes to the Eighteenth Amendment, and to observe police practices in the states. They observed police interrogation tactics and reported that "the inflicting of pain, physical or mental, to extract confessions or statements... is widespread throughout the country". They released a second report in 1931 that supported Prohibition but found contempt among average Americans and unworkable enforcement across the states, corruption in police ranks, local politics, and problems in every community that attempted to enforce prohibition laws.
August Vollmer was the primary author of the Commission's final report, commonly known as the "Wickersham Report", which was released on January 7, 1931. It documented the widespread evasion of Prohibition and its negative effects on American society and recommended much more aggressive and extensive law enforcement to enforce compliance with anti-alcohol laws. 
The report castigated the police for their "general failure... to detect and arrest criminals guilty of the many murders, spectacular bank, payroll and other holdups and sensational robberies with guns".
Criticism.
Franklin P. Adams, a columnist for the "New York World", summarized his opinion of the Commission's report with this poem:
Prohibition is an awful flop.<br>
We like it.<br>
It can't stop what it's meant to stop.<br>
We like it. <br>
It's left a trail of graft and slime, <br>
It's filled our land with vice and crime, <br>
It don't prohibit worth a dime, <br>
Nevertheless, we're for it.<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="2884972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884972" title="Moritz von Oswald">
Moritz von Oswald

Moritz von Oswald (born 1962), who was one half of both Basic Channel and Maurizio, is a German multi-instrumentalist who went on to become one of the most influential record producers of techno music in the 1990s.
Von Oswald was born in Berlin, Germany. In the 1980s, he was percussionist for Palais Schaumburg and Associates, but moved into electronic music by the late 1980s. He did this first in 2MB and 3MB (with Thomas Fehlmann), and later he co-founded the Basic Channel label with Mark Ernestus, whose various releases came to epitomize minimal techno. As part of the Berlin/Detroit axis, Basic Channel characterized minimal techno along with other artists like Robert Hood, Jeff Mills, Mike Banks, and UR. Living in Berlin, von Oswald was also part of a music scene that pivoted around the Tresor Club and record label, as well as Hard Wax, the record store founded by Ernestus. Basic Channel and Maurizio records are characterized by a 4x4 beats with dub-inflected syncopated synth pads slowly modulated over time, most 12"s containing tracks that take up the entire side of each record. Their work was influential for Richie Hawtin, Thomas Brinkmann, Robert Henke (aka Monolake), Wolfgang Voigt, and later through artists whose records were released on the label Chain Reaction Records, part of the Basic Channel family.
His work with Mark Ernestus as Rhythm & Sound fused his interests in dub reggae and techno, where Jamaican vocalists sing or speak over stripped down techno beats and bass. His most recent releases are with the Moritz von Oswald Trio, where he 'conducts' Max Loderbauer (Sun Electric) and Sasu Ripatti, aka Vladislav Delay. The Moritz van Oswald Trio released "Fetch" in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2884981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884981" title="Jon Graboff">
Jon Graboff

Jon Graboff is a multi-instrumentalist and record producer. Between 2005 and 2009, he was a member of The Cardinals, primarily as a pedal steel guitarist. He lives in New York City and has performed and/or recorded with Willie Nelson, Norah Jones, Joan Osborne, David Byrne, Amy Rigby, Phil Lesh, Laura Cantrell, Shooter Jennings, Yo La Tengo, Carrie Underwood, Jon Spencer, Amy Allison, Paul Burch, Ronnie Spector, Buddy Woodward & The Nitro Express, Ben E. King, Freedy Johnston, R. Stevie Moore, Noel Gallagher, Son Of Caesar and many others. Graboff is currently working with Shooter Jennings.
In 2002, Graboff released a Christmas album under his own name entitled "For Christ's Sake!".

</doc>
<doc id="2884986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884986" title="Ex-meridian">
Ex-meridian

Ex- Meridian is an astronomical navigation method of calculating an observer’s position on earth. The method gives the observer a position line on which the observer is situated. It is usually used when the sun is obscured at noon and as a result a meridian altitude is not possible. The navigator measures the altitude of the sun as close to noon as possible and then calculates where the position line lies.
Methodology.
This method uses an assumed longitude and calculates the latitude that a position line crosses it. The position line obtained is actually part of a small circle, as opposed to great circle, where any observer can stand and the heavenly object would have the same altitude in the sky. When plotting the small segment of this circle on a chart it is drawn as a straight line, the resulting tiny errors are too small to be significant.
The assumed longitude is usually obtained from the DR or Dead Reckoning position run up from a morning sight taken at around 9.00 am. This is worked out by applying the distance from that position either by log or by the estimated speed over time with the course steered. A sight is taken, that is the distance above the horizon of a heavenly object, in this case nearly always the sun, is measured with a sextant and the exact time noted in UTC. The sextant angle obtained is corrected for dip (the error caused by the observers height above the sea) and refraction to obtain the true altitude of the object above the horizon. This is then subtracted from 90° to obtain the angular distance from the position directly above, the zenith. This is referred to as the True Zenith Distance. The true zenith distance of the object is also the distance (in arc) on the Earth's surface from the observer to where that object is overhead, the geographical position of the object.
Using a nautical almanac, the declination (celestial latitude), and the Greenwich hour angle (celestial longitude) are obtained of the observed object for the time of observation. The assumed longitude is now added or subtracted to the Greenwich Hour Angle of the object to obtain the local hour angle, that is the difference in longitude between the DR position and the geographical position of the object.
With this information it is possible using the haversine formula to calculate the latitude where the position line crosses the assumed longitude. The formula is:
formula_1
Where
MZD = Meridian Zenith Distance
TZD = True Zenith Distance
H = Local Hour Angle
L = DR Latitude
D = Declination
Once the figure for the Meridian Zenith Distance is obtained the sum or the difference is obtained between it and the declination of the object to obtain the latitude. This is the latitude where the position line crosses the DR longitude.
To draw the position line on a chart the azimuth or bearing of the heavenly object must be known. It is usually calculated but could have been observed. A line at right angles to the azimuth is drawn through the calculated position which is where the calculated latitude and the DR longitude cross. The observer is somewhere on this line.
To obtain a fix (a position) this line must be crossed with another position line either from another sight or from elsewhere. In the case of ex-meridian the position line is usually crossed with the position line obtained earlier which has been run up.
Ex-Meridian Tables.
The first of these tables applies corrections to the altitude taken with the argument of "Change of Altitude in one minute from Meridian Passage". Two other tables apply more corrections until the correct latitude is arrived at. 
Accuracy and Versatility.
The Ex-Meridian method of calculating sights is at its most accurate when the azimuth of the object is near to south or north. As the azimuth changes towards the east or west the cross of the position line with the assumed longitude becomes more and more oblique and the position obtained is therefore less accurate. For this reason it is a less versatile method of calculating sights than the intercept method which can be used for all azimuths. The tables are a quick and easy way to correct the altitude when the object is fairly low in the sky and the observer has only missed noon by a few minutes but if noon has been missed by more than that or the sun is high in the sky it is better to work out a sight by the intercept method.

</doc>
<doc id="2884989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884989" title="Caparo Industries plc v Dickman">
Caparo Industries plc v Dickman

The decision arose in the context of a negligent preparation of accounts for a company. Previous cases on negligent misstatements had fallen under the principle of "Hedley Byrne v Heller". This stated that when a person makes a statement, he voluntary assumes responsibility to the person he makes it to (or those who were in his contemplation). If the statement was made negligently, then he will be liable for any loss which results. The question in "Caparo" was the scope of the assumption of responsibility, and what the limits of liability ought to be.
On a preliminary issue as to whether a duty of care existed in the circumstances as alleged by the plaintiff, the plaintiff was unsuccessful at first instance but was successful in the Court of Appeal in establishing a duty of care might exist in the circumstances. Sir Thomas Bingham MR held that as a small shareholder, Caparo was entitled to rely on the accounts. Had Caparo been a simple outside investor, with no stake in the company, it would have had no claim. But because the auditors' work is primarily intended to be for the benefit of the shareholders, and Caparo did in fact have a small stake when it saw the company accounts, its claim was good. This was overturned by the House of Lords, which unanimously held there was no duty of care.
Facts.
A company called Fidelity plc, manufacturers of electrical equipment, was the target of a takeover by Caparo Industries plc. Fidelity was not doing well. In March 1984 Fidelity had issued a profit warning, which had halved its share price. In May 1984 Fidelity's directors made a preliminary announcement in its annual profits for the year up to March. This confirmed the position was bad. The share price fell again. At this point Caparo had begun buying up shares in large numbers. In June 1984 the annual accounts, which were done with the help of the accountant Dickman, were issued to the shareholders, which now included Caparo. Caparo reached a shareholding of 29.9% of the company, at which point it made a general offer for the remaining shares, as the City Code's rules on takeovers required. But once it had control, Caparo found that Fidelity's accounts were in an even worse state than had been revealed by the directors or the auditors. It sued Dickman for negligence in preparing the accounts and sought to recover its losses. This was the difference in value between the company as it had and what it would have had if the accounts had been accurate.
Judgment.
Court of Appeal.
The majority of the Court of Appeal (Bingham LJ and Taylor LJ, O'Connor LJ dissenting) held that a duty was owed by the auditor to shareholders individually, and although it was not necessary to decide that in this case and the judgment was "obiter", that a duty would not be owed to an outside investor who had no shareholding. Bingham LJ held that, for a duty owed to shareholders directly, the very purpose of publishing accounts was to inform investors so that they could make choices within a company about how to use their shares. But for outside investors, a relationship of proximity would be "tenuous" at best, and that it would certainly not be "fair, just and reasonable". O'Connor LJ, in dissent, would have held that no duty was owed at all to either group. He used the example of a shareholder and his friend both looking at an account report. He thought that if both went and invested, the friend who had no previous shareholding would certainly not have a sufficiently proximate relationship to the negligent auditor. So it would not be sensible or fair to say that the shareholder did either. Leave was given to appeal.
The "three stage" test, adopted from Sir Neil Lawson in the High Court, was elaborated by Bingham LJ (subsequently the Senior Law Lord) in his judgment at the Court of Appeal. In it he extrapolated from previously confusing cases what he thought were three main principles to be applied across the law of negligence for the duty of care.
House of Lords.
Lord Bridge of Harwich who delivered the leading judgment restated the so-called "Caparo test" which Bingham LJ had formulated below. His decision was, following O'Connor LJ's dissent in the Court of Appeal, that no duty was owed at all, either to existing shareholders or to future investors by a negligent auditor. The purpose of the statutory requirement for an audit of public companies under the Companies Act 1985 was the making of a report to enable shareholders to exercise their class rights in general meeting. It did not extend to the provision of information to assist shareholders in the making of decisions as to future investment in the company.
He said that the principles have developed since "Anns v Merton London Borough Council". Indeed, even Lord Wilberforce had subsequently recognised that foreseeability alone was not a sufficient test of proximity. It is necessary to consider the particular circumstances and relationships which exist.
Lord Bridge then proceeded to analyse the particular facts of the case based upon principles of proximity and relationship. He referred approvingly to the dissenting judgment of Lord Justice Denning (as he then was) in "Candler v Crane, Christmas & Co" 2 KB 164 where Denning LJ held that the relationship must be one where the accountant or auditor preparing the accounts was aware of the particular person and purpose for which the accounts being prepared would be used.
There could not be a duty owed in respect of "liability in an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time to an indeterminate class" ("Ultramares Corp v Touche", per Cardozo C.J New York Court of Appeals). Applying those principles, the defendants owed no duty of care to potential investors in the company who might acquire shares in the company on the basis of the audited accounts.
Although it was not necessary to decide the matter, it would seem unlikely that shareholders independently would have any right of action against the auditors for negligently prepared accounts even if they chose to dispose of their shares on the basis of those accounts. The company itself would have a right of action for any loss it suffered as a result of those accounts being negligently prepared. 
Lord Oliver and Lord Jauncey, Lord Roskill and Lord Ackner agreed.

</doc>
<doc id="2884999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2884999" title="California State Route 28">
California State Route 28

State Route 28 (SR 28) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California that travels along the northern shore of Lake Tahoe, starting at Route 89 in Tahoe City and ending at the Nevada state border, whereupon it becomes Nevada State Route 28. Route 28 is one of only three state routes that keep the same number in Nevada, along with Route 88 and Route 266. 
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System. However, it is not an official scenic highway as designated by Caltrans.
The route begins at SR 89 in Tahoe City and heads eastward. It then intersects SR 267 in Kings Beach and continues to its terminus at Nevada State Route 28 at the Nevada state line.

</doc>
<doc id="2885000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885000" title="Battery charger">
Battery charger

A battery charger or recharger is a device used to put energy into a secondary cell or rechargeable battery by forcing an electric current through it.
The charging protocol depends on the size and type of the battery being charged. Some battery types have high tolerance for overcharging and can be recharged by connection to a constant voltage source or a constant current source; simple chargers of this type require manual disconnection at the end of the charge cycle, or may have a timer to cut off charging current at a fixed time. Other battery types cannot withstand long high-rate over-charging; the charger may have temperature or voltage sensing circuits and a microprocessor controller to adjust the charging current, and cut off at the end of charge. A trickle charger provides a relatively small amount of current, only enough to counteract self-discharge of a battery that is idle for a long time. Slow battery chargers may take several hours to complete a charge; high-rate chargers may restore most capacity within minutes or less than an hour, but generally require monitoring of the battery to protect it from overcharge. Electric vehicles need high-rate chargers for public access; installation of such chargers and the distribution support for them is an issue in the proposed adoption of electric cars.
Charge rate.
Charge rate is often denoted as "C" or "C-rate" and signifies a charge or discharge rate equal to the capacity of a battery in one hour. For a 1.6Ah battery, "C" = 1.6A. A charge rate of "C"/2 = 0.8A would need two hours, and a charge rate of 2"C" = 3.2A would need 30 minutes to fully charge the battery from an empty state, if supported by the battery. This also assumes that the battery is 100% efficient at absorbing the charge.
A battery charger may be specified in terms of the battery capacity or C rate; a charger rated C/10 would return the battery capacity in 10 hours, a charger rated at 4C would charge the battery in 15 minutes. Very rapid charging rates, 1 hour or less, generally require the charger to carefully monitor battery parameters such as terminal voltage and temperature to prevent overcharging and damage to the cells.
Types of battery chargers.
Simple chargers.
A simple charger works by supplying a constant DC or pulsed DC power source to a battery being charged. The simple charger does not alter its output based on time or the charge on the battery. This simplicity means that a simple charger is inexpensive, but there is a tradeoff in quality. Typically, a simple charger takes longer to charge a battery to prevent severe over-charging. Even so, a battery left in a simple charger for too long will be weakened or destroyed due to over-charging. These chargers can supply either a constant voltage or a constant current to the battery.
Simple AC-powered battery chargers have much higher ripple current and ripple voltage than other kinds of battery supplies.
When the ripple current is within the battery-manufacturer-recommended level, the ripple voltage will also be well within the recommended level.
The maximum ripple current for a typical 12 V 100 Ah VRLA battery is 5 amps.
As long as the ripple current is not excessive (more than 3 to 4 times the battery-manufacturer-recommended level), the expected life of a ripple-charged VRLA battery is within 3% of the life of a constant DC-charged battery.
Fast chargers.
Fast chargers make use of control circuitry in the batteries being charged to rapidly charge the batteries without damaging the cells' elements. Most such chargers have a cooling fan to help keep the temperature of the cells under control. Most are also capable of acting as standard overnight chargers if used with standard NiMH cells that do not have the special control circuitry.
Inductive chargers.
Inductive battery chargers use electromagnetic induction to charge batteries. A charging station sends electromagnetic energy through inductive coupling to an electrical device, which stores the energy in the batteries. This is achieved without the need for metal contacts between the charger and the battery. It is commonly used in electric toothbrushes and other devices used in bathrooms. Because there are no open electrical contacts, there is no risk of electrocution.
Intelligent chargers.
A "smart charger" should not be confused with a "smart battery". A smart battery is generally defined as one containing some sort of electronic device or "chip" that can communicate with a smart charger about battery characteristics and condition. A smart battery generally requires a smart charger it can communicate with (see Smart Battery Data). A smart charger is defined as a charger that can respond to the condition of a battery, and modify its charging actions accordingly.
Some smart chargers are designed to charge:
The term "smart battery charger" is thoroughly ambiguous, since it is not clear whether the adjective "smart" refers to the battery or only to the charger.
The output current of a smart charger depends upon the battery's state. An intelligent charger may monitor the battery's voltage, temperature or time under charge to determine the optimum charge current and to terminate charging.
For Ni-Cd and NiMH batteries, the voltage across the battery increases slowly during the charging process, until the battery is fully charged. After that, the voltage "decreases", which indicates to an intelligent charger that the battery is fully charged. Such chargers are often labeled as a ΔV, "delta-V," or sometimes "delta peak", charger, indicating that they monitor the voltage change.
The problem is, the magnitude of "delta-V" can become very small or even non-existent if (very) high capacity rechargeable batteries are recharged. This can cause even an intelligent battery charger to not sense that the batteries are actually already fully charged, and continue charging. Overcharging of the batteries will result in some cases. However, many so called intelligent chargers employ a combination of cut off systems, which should prevent overcharging in the vast majority of cases.
A typical intelligent charger fast-charges a battery up to about 85% of its maximum capacity in less than an hour, then switches to trickle charging, which takes several hours to top off the battery to its full capacity.
Motion-powered charger.
Several companies have begun making devices that charge batteries based on regular human motion. One example, made by Tremont Electric, consists of a magnet held between two springs that can charge a battery as the device is moved up and down, such as when walking. Such products have not yet achieved significant commercial success.
Pulse chargers.
Some chargers use "pulse technology" in which a series of voltage or current pulses is fed to the battery. The DC pulses have a strictly controlled rise time, pulse width, pulse repetition rate (frequency) and amplitude. This technology is said to work with any size, voltage, capacity or chemistry of batteries, including automotive and valve-regulated batteries.
With pulse charging, high instantaneous voltages can be applied without overheating the battery. In a Lead–acid battery, this breaks down lead-sulfate crystals, thus greatly extending the battery service life.
Several kinds of pulse charging are patented. Others are open source hardware.
Some chargers use pulses to check the current battery state when the charger is first connected, then use constant current charging during fast charging, then use pulse charging as a kind of trickle charging to maintain the charge.
Some chargers use "negative pulse charging", also called "reflex charging" or "burp charging".
Such chargers use both positive and brief negative current pulses.
There is no significant evidence, however, that negative pulse charging is more effective than ordinary pulse charging.
Solar chargers.
Solar chargers convert light energy into DC current. They are generally portable, but can also be fixed mount. Fixed mount solar chargers are also known as solar panels. Solar panels are often connected to the electrical grid, whereas portable solar chargers are used off-the-grid (i.e. cars, boats, or RVs).
Timer-based(HI) chargers.
The output of a timer charger is terminated after a pre-determined time. Timer chargers were the most common type for high-capacity Ni-Cd cells in the late 1990s for example (low-capacity consumer Ni-Cd cells were typically charged with a simple charger).
Often a timer charger and set of batteries could be bought as a bundle and the charger time was set to suit those batteries. If batteries of lower capacity were charged then they would be overcharged, and if batteries of higher capacity were charged they would be only partly charged. With the trend for battery technology to increase capacity year on year, an old timer charger would only partly charge the newer batteries.
Timer based chargers also had the drawback that charging batteries that were not fully discharged, even if those batteries were of the correct capacity for the particular timed charger, would result in over-charging.
Trickle chargers.
A trickle charger is typically a low-current (5–1,500 mA) battery charger. A trickle charger is generally used to charge small capacity batteries (2–30 Ah). These types of battery chargers are also used to maintain larger capacity batteries (> 30 Ah) that are typically found on cars, boats, RVs and other related vehicles. In larger applications, the current of the battery charger is sufficient only to provide a maintenance or trickle current (trickle is commonly the last charging stage of most battery chargers). Depending on the technology of the trickle charger, it can be left connected to the battery indefinitely. Some battery chargers that can be left connected to the battery without causing the battery damage are also referred to as smart or intelligent chargers.
Universal battery charger–analyzers.
The most sophisticated types are used in critical applications e.g.: military or aviation batteries. These heavy-duty automatic “intelligent charging” systems can be programmed with complex charging cycles specified by the battery maker. The best are universal (i.e.: can charge all battery types), and include automatic capacity testing and analyzing functions too.
USB-based chargers.
Since the Universal Serial Bus specification provides for a five-volt power supply, it is possible to use a USB cable as a power source for recharging batteries. Products based on this approach include chargers for cellular phones, portable digital audio players, and tablet computers. They may be fully compliant USB peripheral devices adhering to USB power discipline, or uncontrolled in the manner of USB decorations.
Although portable solar chargers obtain energy from the sun only, they still can (depending on the technology) be used in low light (i.e. cloudy) applications. Portable solar chargers are typically used for trickle charging, although some solar chargers (depending on the wattage), can completely recharge batteries. Other devices may exist, which combine this with other sources of energy for added recharging efficacy.
Applications.
Since a battery charger is intended to be connected to a battery, it may not have voltage regulation or filtering of the DC voltage output. Battery chargers equipped with both voltage regulation and filtering may be identified as battery eliminators.
Battery charger for vehicles.
There are two main types of charges for vehicles:
Chargers rated only one or two amperes may be used to maintain charge on parked vehicle batteries or for small batteries on garden tractors or similar equipment. A motorist may keep a charger rated a few amperes to ten or fifteen amperes for maintenance of automobile batteries or to recharge a vehicle battery that has accidentally discharged. Service stations and commercial garages will have a large charger to fully charge a battery in an hour or two; often these chargers can briefly source the hundreds of amperes required to crank an internal combustion engine starter.
Electric vehicle batteries.
Electric vehicle battery chargers come in a variety of brands and characteristics. Zivan, Manzanita Micro, Elcon, Quick Charge, Rossco, Brusa, Delta-Q, Kelly, Lester and Soneil are the top 10 EV chargers in 2011 according to EVAlbum.com. These chargers vary from 1 KW to 7.5 KW maximum charge rate. Some use algorithm charge curves, others use constant voltage, constant current. Some are programmable by the end user through a CAN port, some have dials for maximum voltage and amperage, some are preset to specified battery pack voltage, amp-hour and chemistry. Prices range from $400 to $4500.
A 10 amp-hour battery could take 15 hours to reach a fully charged state from a fully discharged condition with a 1 amp charger as it would require roughly 1.5 times the battery's capacity.
Public EV charging stations provide 6 kW (host power of 208 to 240 VAC off a 40 amp circuit). 6 kW will recharge an EV roughly 6 times faster than 1 kW overnight charging.
Rapid charging results in even faster recharge times and is limited only by available AC power and the type of charging system.
Onboard EV chargers (change AC power to DC power to recharge the EV's pack) can be:
Power Factor Correction (PFC) chargers can more closely approach the maximum current the plug can deliver, shortening charging time.
There is a list of public EV charging stations in the U.S.A. and worldwide.
Project Better Place is deploying a network of charging stations and subsidizing vehicle battery costs through leases and credits.
Researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) have developed an electric transport system (called Online Electric Vehicle, OLEV) where the vehicles get their power needs from cables underneath the surface of the road via non-contact magnetic charging, (where a power source is placed underneath the road surface and power is wirelessly picked up on the vehicle itself.
Mobile phone charger.
Most mobile phone chargers are not really chargers, only power adapters that provide a power source for the charging circuitry which is almost always contained within the mobile phone. They are notoriously diverse, having a wide variety of DC connector-styles and voltages, most of which are not compatible with other manufacturers' phones or even different models of phones from a single manufacturer.
Users of publicly accessible charging kiosks must be able to cross-reference connectors with device brands/models and individual charge parameters and thus ensure delivery of the correct charge for their mobile device. A database-driven system is one solution, and is being incorporated into some designs of charging kiosks.
Mobile phones can usually accept a relatively wide range of voltages, as long as it is sufficiently above the phone battery's voltage. However, if the voltage is too high, it can damage the phone. Mostly, the voltage is 5 volts or slightly higher, but it can sometimes vary up to 12 volts when the power source is not loaded.
There are also human-powered chargers sold on the market, which typically consists of a dynamo powered by a hand crank and extension cords. A French startup offers a kind of dynamo charger inspired by the ratchet that can be used with only one hand. There are also solar chargers, including one that is a fully mobile personal charger and panel, which you can easily transport.
China, the European Commission and other countries are making a national standard on mobile phone chargers using the USB standard. In June 2009, 10 of the world's largest mobile phone manufacturers signed a Memorandum of Understanding to develop specifications for and support a microUSB-equipped common External Power Supply (EPS) for all data-enabled mobile phones sold in the EU. On October 22, 2009, the International Telecommunication Union announced a standard for a universal charger for mobile handsets (Micro-USB).
Stationary battery plants.
Telecommunications, electric power, and computer uninterruptible power supply facilities may have very large standby battery banks (installed in battery rooms) to maintain critical loads for several hours during interruptions of primary grid power. Such chargers are permanently installed and equipped with temperature compensation, supervisory alarms for various system faults, and often redundant independent power supplies and redundant rectifier systems. Chargers for stationary battery plants may have adequate voltage regulation and filtration and sufficient current capacity to allow the battery to be disconnected for maintenance, while the charger supplies the DC system load. Capacity of the charger is specified to maintain the system load and recharge a completely discharged battery within, say, 8 hours or other interval.
Use in experiments.
A battery charger can work as a DC power adapter for experimentation. It may, however, require an external capacitor to be connected across its output terminals in order to "smooth" the voltage sufficiently, which may be thought of as a DC voltage plus a "ripple" voltage added to it. There may be an internal resistance connected to limit the short circuit current, and the value of that internal resistance may have to be taken into consideration in experiments.
Prolonging battery life.
What practices are best depend on the type of battery. NiCd cells need to be fully discharged occasionally, or else the battery loses capacity over time in a phenomenon known as "memory effect." Once a month (once every 30 charges) is sometimes recommended. This extends the life of the battery since memory effect is prevented while avoiding full charge cycles which are known to be hard on all types of dry-cell batteries, eventually resulting in a permanent decrease in battery capacity.
Most modern cell phones, laptops, and most electric vehicles use Lithium-ion batteries. These batteries last longest if the battery is frequently charged; fully discharging them will degrade their capacity relatively quickly. When storing however, lithium batteries degrade more while fully charged than if they are only 40% charged. Degradation also occurs faster at higher temperatures. Degradation in lithium-ion batteries is caused by an increased internal battery resistance due to cell oxidation. This decreases the efficiency of the battery, resulting in less net current available to be drawn from the battery. However, if Li-ION cells are discharged below a certain voltage a chemical reaction occurs that make them dangerous if recharged, which is why probably all such batteries in consumer goods now have an "electronic fuse" that permanently disables them if the voltage falls below a set level. The electronic fuse draws a small amount of current from the battery, which means that if a laptop battery is left for a long time without charging it, and with a very low initial state of charge, the battery may be permanently destroyed.
Motor vehicles, such as boats, RVs, ATVs, motorcycles, cars, trucks, and more use lead–acid batteries. These batteries employ a sulfuric acid electrolyte and can generally be charged and discharged without exhibiting memory effect, though sulfation (a chemical reaction in the battery which deposits a layer of sulfates on the lead) will occur over time. Typically sulfated batteries are simply replaced with new batteries, and the old ones recycled. Lead–acid batteries will experience substantially longer life when a maintenance charger is used to "float charge" the battery. This prevents the battery from ever being below 100% charge, preventing sulfate from forming. Proper temperature compensated float voltage should be used to achieve the best results.

</doc>
<doc id="2885001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885001" title="Nightshade (disambiguation)">
Nightshade (disambiguation)

Nightshade is the common name for plants in the genus "Solanum", and more generally for related plants in the family Solanaceae.
Nightshade(s) or Night Shade(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885016" title="Quadratrix">
Quadratrix

In mathematics, a quadratrix (from the Latin word "quadrator," squarer) is a curve having ordinates which are a measure of the area (or quadrature) of another curve. The two most famous curves of this class are those of Dinostratus and E. W. Tschirnhausen, which are both related to the circle.
Quadratrix of Dinostratus.
The quadratrix of Dinostratus (also called the "quadratrix of Hippias") was well known to the ancient Greek geometers, and is mentioned by Proclus, who ascribes the invention of the curve to a contemporary of Socrates, probably Hippias of Elis. Dinostratus, a Greek geometer and disciple of Plato, discussed the curve, and showed how it affected a mechanical solution of squaring the circle. Pappus, in his "Collections", treats its history, and gives two methods by which it can be generated. 
Another construction is as follows. "DAB" is a quadrant in which the line "DA" and the arc "DB" are divided into the same number of equal parts. Radii are drawn from the centre of the quadrant to the points of division of the arc, and these radii are intersected by the lines drawn parallel to "AB" and through the corresponding points on the radius "DA". The locus of these intersections is the quadratrix. 
Letting "A" be the origin of the Cartesian coordinate system, "D" be the point ("a",0), "a" units from the origin along the "x" axis, and "B" be the point (0,"a"), "a" units from the origin along the "y" axis, the curve itself can be expressed by the equation
Because the cotangent function is invariant under negation of its argument, and has a simple pole at each multiple of , the quadratrix has reflection symmetry across the "y" axis, and similarly has a pole for each
value of "x" of the form "x" = 2"na", for integer values of "n", except at "x" = 0 where the pole in the cotangent is canceled by the factor of "x" in the formula for the quadratrix. These poles partition the curve into a central portion flanked by infinite branches. The point where the curve crosses the "y" axis has "y" = 2"a"/; therefore, if it were possible to accurately construct the curve, one could construct a line segment whose length is a rational multiple of 1/, leading to a solution of the classical problem of squaring the circle. Since this is impossible with compass and straightedge, the quadratrix in turn cannot be constructed with compass and straightedge.
An accurate construction of the quadratrix would also allow the solution of two other classical problems known to be impossible with compass and straightedge, doubling the cube and trisecting an angle.
Quadratrix of Tschirnhausen.
The quadratrix of Tschirnhausen is constructed by dividing the arc and radius of a quadrant in the same number of equal parts as before. The mutual intersections of the lines drawn from the points of division of the arc parallel to DA, and the lines drawn parallel to AB through the points of division of DA, are points on the quadratrix. The cartesian equation is y=a cos 2a. The curve is periodic, and cuts the axis of x at the points x= (2n - I)a, n being an integer; the maximum values of y are =a. Its properties are similar to those of the quadratrix of Dinostratus.

</doc>
<doc id="2885020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885020" title="Twin Cities 400">
Twin Cities 400

The 400 (later named the Twin Cities 400) was a named passenger train operated by the Chicago and North Western Railway between Chicago and Saint Paul, with a final stop in Minneapolis. The train took its name from the schedule of 400 miles between the cities in 400 minutes, and was also a nod to "The Four Hundred Club", a term coined by Ward McAllister to refer to the social elite of New York City in the late 19th century. It was an express train with limited stops between Chicago and the Twin Cities. It ran from 1935 to 1963 and spawned a number of ""400"" trains.
Background.
1934 had seen the introduction of lightweight streamlined trains in the United States. The railroads hoped these futuristic trains would stem the tide of customers turning away from train travel. The Chicago and North Western Railway had not invested in this new technology, but decided to upgrade track and motive power for higher speeds with heavyweight, steam-powered trains.
C&NW made their first upgrades in 1934 along the line between Chicago and Milwaukee, Wisconsin, introducing the 90-minute "Pacemaker" service to compete with the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad (Milwaukee Road) which introduced a similar train. Attention then turned to faster trains to Saint Paul: The Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad ran a "Zephyr" demonstration train between Chicago and the Twin Cities that summer with the intent to run regular service the next year, and the Milwaukee Road introduced similar plans.
While C&NW's existing Chicago to St. Paul "Viking" train went through Madison, taking about 12 hours, the railroad focused on a more rural northern route running west from Milwaukee. The railroad also upgraded its locomotives and passenger cars. Four C&NW Class E-2 4-6-2 Pacific locomotives built by American-Schenectady in 1923 were converted to run on oil rather than coal and had other upgrades to help them run at high speed, becoming Class E-2-a engines. The passenger cars got air conditioning and improved suspension parts for a smoother ride.
Service history.
A test run was made on December 30, 1934, but the regular train started on January 2, 1935. "Time" dubbed the "400", "the fastest train scheduled on the American Continent, fastest in all the world on a stretch over 200 mi." While the "400" name was meant to imply "400 miles in 400 minutes", the actual distance and time was a bit longer. Chicago to St. Paul was and the initial schedule was 420 minutes (7 hours), with the last leg to Minneapolis taking another 30 minutes. Employee timetables said "Nos. 400 and 401 are superior to all trains. Freight trains, transfer trains, and switch engines must clear the schedules of Nos. 400 and 401 fifteen (15) minutes." Other "400" trains would receive similar instructions in later years, and the rule remained in effect for most of the "Twin Cities 400"'s existence.
On the first day the train reached . On April 28 the schedule was shortened by 30 minutes to reach the mile-a-minute pace the line promised, and matching the 6½-hour pace of the newly introduced Milwaukee Road "Hiawatha" and the Burlington's "Twin Cities Zephyr". This included a 75-minute schedule between Chicago and Milwaukee, averaging there and overall. One day in late 1935 the "400" needed to make up time and reached . Later, streamlined diesel trains were said to reach .
C&NW renamed the first "400" to "Twin Cities 400" in late 1941 as the C&NW prepared to rename almost all of its passenger trains as part of the "400" fleet, including the "Flambeau 400", "Minnesota 400", "Peninsula 400", "Shoreland 400", "Valley 400" and the later "Kate Shelley 400".
From 1950 to 1955 the train ran its shortest schedule, 6¼ hours between St. Paul and Chicago. In 1952 the railroad installed automatic train stop along the eastern half of the route from Chicago to Wyeville due to regulations from the Interstate Commerce Commission. This allowed the train to run at there, although the western part of the line did not get upgrades and was limited to . The pace reverted to a 6½-hour schedule in 1955 and in 1960 to the 7-hour pace established in 1935. C&NW ceased running the "Twin Cities 400" in 1963 and all intercity passenger service on C&NW ended with the formation of Amtrak in 1971. Today the only Twin Cities to Chicago train is the Amtrak "Empire Builder", which takes more than 8 hours.
Equipment.
The "400" was notable for fast trains of its day in that it originally ran with rebuilt or upgraded, rather than new equipment. This stood in stark comparison to the Milwaukee Road's "Hiawatha" and the Burlington "Zephyrs", each of which first ran with brand new locomotives and cars. Each "400" train required two steam locomotives, which were swapped partway through the trip, primarily because some grease fittings on the train could not withstand the entire journey at high speed.
The steam locomotives were upgraded to feature a 45° lamp on top of the boiler just ahead of the smokestack. These lights were intended to announce the approach of the train and could be seen for a great distance in rural areas. In 1937, one locomotive was equipped with a prototype Mars light, the first ever put into use. The three-million-candela lamp had a gyrating reflector which traced a figure-8 pattern ahead of the engine.
C&NW updated the train in 1939 with two pairs of EMD E3A locomotives and lightweight streamlined passenger cars. Two engines were required because the diesels didn't have as much power as the older steam locomotives. However, they were extremely reliable, with only one major breakdown in the first two years of service. These were followed by E6 locomotives in 1941, and E7s in 1947. E8s saw some service in the 1950s, though they were initially purchased for other routes.
Route.
The train originated at the Chicago and North Western Terminal (now the Ogilvie Transportation Center) on Madison Street in Chicago. It ran to Milwaukee on the lakefront commuter line and stopped at the Lakefront station on Wisconsin Avenue. It ran to Wyeville, Wisconsin where it followed the Omaha Road route to St. Paul. It terminated at Saint Paul Union Depot, with a short run to the Minneapolis Great Northern Depot over the Stone Arch Bridge.
"The Viking" was another named C&NW passenger train that followed a slightly different route through Madison, Wisconsin, and made all the local station stops between Chicago and St. Paul. It took roughly 12 hours.
Name.
Along the routes of the "Twin Cities 400" and its sister trains, there were a number of bars titled "400 Club", paying homage to the train and the social status.

</doc>
<doc id="2885025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885025" title="Pitäjänmäki">
Pitäjänmäki

Pitäjänmäki () is a district located on the westernmost district of Helsinki, Finland, near the border with Espoo. There are many IT and machine manufacturing companies in the area, especially around the Valimo railway station. Such companies include Nokia, Nokia Siemens Networks, ABB, Fujitsu Siemens, Digia, Martela as well as Nordea Bank, Stockmann Auto Oy and Sweco Industry Oy. Besides, the suburb also contains many residential apartment buildings. The nearest shopping mall is Sello in Leppävaara, Espoo. 
Pitäjänmäki hosts a famous designer jewellery manufacturing company called Kalevala Koru Oy. 

</doc>
<doc id="2885032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885032" title="Tavče gravče">
Tavče gravče

Tavče gravče () is a traditional Macedonian dish. It is prepared with fresh beans and it can be found in almost all restaurants in Macedonia and all over the Macedonian diaspora. It is served in traditional earthenware. Tavče gravče is considered the national dish of Macedonia.
Ingredients.
Below are the ingredients for preparing the dish, but every cuisine uses other ingredients, too, and has its own method of preparation.
Preparation.
The beans are cleaned and then soaked in cold water for 3 hours to become soft. After that they are boiled in a pot. After first boiling, the water is thrown out and replaced with fresh water. Then the onion and the red pepper are added. Apart in a pan, an onion together with the black pepper are fried. When the beans are boiled, they are put in earthenware together with the onion and the red pepper and stirred well. Afterwards, a lid is put on the earthenware and the dish is cooked in an oven at 220 °C. During the baking, the beans are cooked carefully so that they do not become dry.
The earthenware does not just give a traditional look to the meal, but also keeps the beans warm.
The beans may be eaten with different kinds of meat.
Tavče gravče in the Tetovo style is widely known in Macedonia.

</doc>
<doc id="2885034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885034" title="Allido Records">
Allido Records

Allido Records is a record label and production company. The company was started by DJ and producer Mark Ronson, and Rich Kleiman, a television, internet and music businessman. The label got its name "Allido" from the Stevie Wonder song "All I Do". Rapper Saigon was the first artist signed to Allido Records, but left soon after, and is now signed to Just Blaze's Fort Knox Entertainment. In conjunction with Clive Davis’ J Records, Allido signed Chicago-based rapper Rhymefest, who is best known as the co-writer for Kanye West's "Jesus Walks". Rhymefest's first album, under Allido, was released July 11, 2006, under the title of ""Blue Collar"". Allido has also signed Australian-born soul singer Daniel Merriweather. Other projects in the works from Ronson and Kleiman are the soundtrack to Gap's latest ad campaign as well as Jay-Z's movie, "Fade to Black". Allido's most recent signing is Washington, DC hip hop artist Wale.
The label is distributed by J Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885035" title="Yardley Chase">
Yardley Chase

Yardley Chase is a fairly large forest in Northamptonshire (England), which consists of two similar shaped forests, which are each about long, and wide, in places. The forests are about south of Yardley Hastings in Northamptonshire, and about the same distance north of Olney in Buckinghamshire.
Site of special scientific interest.
The variety of available habitats, coupled with the diversity of associated species and its large total area makes Yardley Chase one of the foremost sites for nature conservation in the East Midlands. It comprises a designated site of special scientific interest (SSSI) and is home to the Black Hairstreak butterfly as well as rare dragonflies and examples of trees dating back to the English Civil War.
Much of the site was originally a Norman Hunting Chase and is now woodland, pasture and parkland. More recently, military use over a large part has left a series of railway tracks, grassland glades and open pools in the forest. The value of these habitats, particularly for invertebrates, is enhanced by their long isolation from intensive agriculture and by their presence over a large area.
There is documentary evidence in the form of early maps and estate plans to indicate a long history of woodland on the site, although much of the former ancient semi-natural woodland has been replanted or modified. This has created a range of woodland types including plantations of oak, mixed broad-leaves such as ash and conifers. The integrity of the woodland blocks as a whole is essential to their nature conservation importance, but the relatively unmodified areas are of particular significance.
History.
In addition to the ancient trees dating back to the civil war, Yardley Chase was also home to the oak tree which provided the inspiration for William Cowpers poem "Yardley Oak" and the area is described as having been a favourite walk of Cowper's.
Military use.
Yardley Chase contains some large concrete huts, about long, and about 6-8m (20–25 feet) wide, which were used during World War II to store bombs. They continued in use after the war, until the 1970s when the Ministry of Defence shut them down when it became obvious that they would be useless in a nuclear war. The site was served by a branch of the Northampton-Bedford railway line and evidence of revetted tracks are still visible around the site which is only a few miles east of the former depot of the Northamptonshire Regiment and later Royal Pioneer Corps at Simpson Barracks in Wootton. The site also has numerous small bunkers within it and is criss-crossed by barbed wire fences once past the main perimeter. It has several tracks that lead to the various bunkers and fair amounts of military debris (mainly used pyrotechnics) scattered around it.
The Eastern munitions site is larger than its western neighbour and the bomb storage buildings, in addition to being less numerous, are also mostly surrounded by water-filled moats. The storage buildings at the western site are surrounded by earth banks. The eastern and western sites were connected by a rail track.
The site is nowadays used by Army, Navy and Air cadets, as well as the Territorial Army units for basic skills training and field-craft. This site is closed to the public. The ACF use the training area on a regular basisalong with CCF units from nearby Schools. Naval cadets from TS Invincible (Bletchley Park) also use the site for on-shore field-craft. It is also used by the air cadets from Wellingborough and Rushden for fieldcraft weekends.
A groundbreaking ceremony took place at Yardley Chase on July 11, 2013 to mark the commencement of constructiom work on a new £6.2 million Cadet Training Centre When complete the centre will provide lecture rooms, office spaces, dining facilities, an indoor training area and indoor shooting range, as well as accommodation for up to 185 cadets and 45 adults at one time The centre is scheduled for completion in August 2014 and will primarily be used by the Army Cadet Force, although it will also be available for use by other cadet organisations, regular and reserve forces, local businesses and community based projects When completed the existing World War Two era accommodation facilities will be demolished and the area landscaped 

</doc>
<doc id="2885036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885036" title="Jaime Torres Bodet">
Jaime Torres Bodet

Jaime Torres Bodet (17 April 1902 – 13 May 1974) was a prominent Mexican politician and writer who served in the executive cabinet of three Presidents of Mexico.
A native of Mexico City, in the 1920s he was a prominent member of the literary group "Los Contemporáneos".
Torres Bodet was appointed Secretary of Public Education (1943–46) by President Manuel Ávila Camacho; he then served as the Secretary of Foreign Affairs (1946–1951) under President Miguel Alemán Valdés. Later, in 1958–64, he was again appointed to serve as Secretary of Public Education, this time under President Adolfo López Mateos.
Between 1929 and the outbreak of the Second World War, Torres Bodet held diplomatic positions in Madrid, The Hague, Paris, Buenos Aires and Brussels. 
He served as director-general of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) from 1948 to 1952. 
From 1955 to 1958 he was Ambassador to France.
He received the Medal of Honor Belisario Domínguez from the Senate in 1971.
He was also a member of the Mexican Language Academy (the national correspondent agency to the Spanish Royal Academy) and of the National College.
Gravely ill, Torres Bodet committed suicide in Mexico City on 13 May 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="2885037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885037" title="Truth, Love &amp; a Little Malice">
Truth, Love &amp; a Little Malice

Truth, Love and a Little Malice (published in 2002) is the title of the autobiography of Khushwant Singh, a famous Indian writer, journalist and columnist who is also a qualified Barrister from the Kings College, London. Apart from tracing his story and immediate family history, it deals in depth with his relations with political dignitaries. The name of the book itself was derived from a famous column that he wrote for the newspaper "Hindustan Times" (and that was syndicated in several newspapers) with the title ""With malice towards one and all."" 
Some exclusive excerpts of the book detailing the relationship between the ex-Prime minister Indira Gandhi and her daughter-in-law Maneka Gandhi were published in "India Today" to generate publicity before publication of the book. The publication of the book was held up for more than five years after Maneka Gandhi filed a case against the release of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="2885040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885040" title="Saburo Aizawa">
Saburo Aizawa

Saburo Aizawa ( - "Aizawa Saburō") (September 6, 1889 – July 3, 1936) was a Japanese soldier born in Iwate Prefecture.
He reached the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. He assassinated Tetsuzan Nagata with his sword on August 12, 1935, because he was reputedly putting the Army "in the paws of high finance". Aizawa made no attempt to resist arrest, and reportedly claimed that he "was in an absolute sphere, so there was neither affirmation nor negation, neither good nor evil." After a high-profile trial, he was executed by a firing squad. Ironically, his actions helped bring Tōseiha faction, which he hated, absolute control over the Japanese Military.

</doc>
<doc id="2885052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885052" title="Trash rack">
Trash rack

A trash rack is a wooden or metal structure, frequently supported by masonry, that prevents water-borne debris (such as logs, boats, animals, masses of cut waterweed, etc.) from entering the intake of a water mill, pumping station or water conveyance. This protects water wheels, penstocks, and sluice gates from destruction during floods.
Trash racks composed of vertical wooden strakes separated by narrow gaps are very common and perform extremely poorly. Metal gratings are sturdier and can have narrower strakes, and angling the trash rack properly can allow some self-cleaning from the action of the water. Modern trash racks as used by hydroelectric plants can incorporate such advanced features as wedge-wire screens, the Coanda effect, and cleaning robots.
In waterways with large amounts of floating debris, various permanently installed "trash rakes" may be required to reduce the labor required for regular cleaning. 
Trash racks are designed for water velocity of around 2 feet/second (0.6 metres/second) to prevent excessive energy loss due to the head loss across the trash rack. Close spacing keeps out more small floating debris or fish, but may plug up easily with frazil ice in cold climates. 

</doc>
<doc id="2885059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885059" title="Diplomat pudding">
Diplomat pudding

Diplomat pudding is a famous dessert served in many Hungarian confectioneries, such as Gerbeaud and Gellért. Its name comes from the 19th century, when it was first served as part of a diplomatic conference's menu (at a 1908 conference on the annexation of Bosnia). Because the guests enjoyed it so much, the chef published the recipe; however, this theory is contested. Some say the expression "diplomat" refers to Nesselrode, the famous Russian diplomat who was also known for his passion for English puddings.

</doc>
<doc id="2885062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885062" title="In Enemy Hands (film)">
In Enemy Hands (film)

In Enemy Hands aka "U-Boat", is a World War II submarine film released in 2004, starring William H. Macy, Til Schweiger, Scott Caan and Lauren Holly.
Plot.
Macy stars as the COB (chief of the boat) on a fictitious US Navy submarine, the USS "Swordfish" (although there were two actual USS Swordfish sumbmarines that served the US Navy during and after World War II, neither are represented by the sub in this film). While on patrol in the North Atlantic, the ship is ambushed by two German U-boats. "Swordfish" destroys one of them, but is critically damaged by a torpedo fired from the second one, the fictitious U-boat U-429 (again, there was a real WWII German submarine "U-429", not actually represented in the film). Eight members of the American crew escape and are held prisoner on board "U-429". However, the American executive officer had previously contracted meningitis and given it to his captain, who brought it aboard the U-429. Within days, over half the German crew, as well as some of the Americans, contract the disease and die. Although the Germans and Americans begin to work together to keep the boat operational, another U-boat and an American destroyer threaten to overwhelm their tentative truce.

</doc>
<doc id="2885081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885081" title="Freimarkt">
Freimarkt

Freimarkt ("lit. Free Fair") in Bremen, Germany, first held in 1035, is the oldest fair in Germany. With more than four million visitors each year, it is also considered to be the biggest festival in Northern Germany.
It is celebrated for 17 days in the last two weeks of October, somewhat extended from Friday to Sunday. The area covers approximately 100,000 square meters on two areas: the so-called "Kleiner Freimarkt" ("lit. Small Free Fair") on the market square, and the main area at the "Bürgerweide" adjacent to the Main Station and the Exhibition Center.
The highlight is the "Freimarktsumzug" ("lit. Free Fair Procession") held on the second Saturday of the festival.
History.
On 16 October 1035 Emperor Conrad II gave the "fair justice" to the city of Bremen. In the first centuries it was a free market for one day on 9 October. A showman with a carousel appeared for the first time in 1809.
Chronology.
1035
Emperor Conrad II grants the right to hold a fair to Archbishop Bezelin 
1404
The Roland, the stone landmark of the city of Bremen, is erected. 
1450/1489
The so-called ‚Kundigen Rullen' granted by the city, limited the Freimarkt for all time to the period when ‚de banere up den markede styet', i.e. the special flag was hoisted to display the agreed market peace
17th century
The monastery’s oxen were used in a procession and two of them were sold in an auction for charity. This custom endured until 1896.
From 1700 to 1814
The fair began on 18 October every year 
1793
Franz II is the last German Emperor who grants the Bremen merchants the right for the Freimarkt - as of this time, they decide themselves when they want to celebrate. 
from 1800
With the Enlightenment, which freed life and customs of traditional formality, and the introduction of carousels and swings, the selling market transforms into an entertainment market. 
1809
The first carousel turns on the Freimarkt - Operator: the restaurant owner, Wilhelm Pohlmann 
from 1830
The Bremer Freimarkt develops into an attractive event far beyond the borders of Bremen. The city has to turn away market operators for the first time due to insufficient space. 
from 1860
The market develops further on account of technology e.g. illumination: 1862 oil lamps are replaced by petroleum lamps, these then by gas lamps as of 1880, and four years later by electric lamps.
The railway connects Vegesack, Bremerhaven, Oldenburg, Hannover and Hamburg. 
1936
The Freimarkt, which had taken place at differing locations (Grünenkamp, Domshof, Hohenstorsplatz), gets a fixed location in the heart of Bremen: on the Bürgerweide.
1967
A procession on the second Saturday was organized. In this event some thousand people take part every year, forming more than 100 groups (for example marching bands). The procession passes the city hall, and in the afternoon the most beautiful, most unusual and imaginative groups get awards. Since the end of the 20th century the procession starts in the "Neustadt" (new city) of Bremen.

</doc>
<doc id="2885083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885083" title="Frank Holmes (geologist)">
Frank Holmes (geologist)

Frank Holmes (1874–1947), known affectionately by Arabs as "Abu Naft" ("the Father of Oil"), was a British-New Zealander mining engineer, geologist and oil concession hunter. Following distinguished service in World War I, he was granted the title of honorary Major and was thereafter known as Major Frank Holmes in his civilian life.
Early Life and Career.
He was born in 1874 on at a remote work camp in New Zealand where his father was building a bridge. He attended Otago Boys' High School, Dunedin in 1888-89. At the age of 17, he was apprenticed to his uncle who was the general manager of a gold mine in South Africa. For two decades, specialising in gold and tin, he worked as a mining engineer all over the world - Australia, China, Russia, Malaya, Mexico, Uruguay and Nigeria.
During World War I, he was a quartermaster in the British Army. In his efforts to source food and supplies for the British Army in Mesopotamia (today's Iraq), Holmes travelled widely through the Middle East and may have heard rumours of a possible oil seepage on the eastern seaboard of the Arabian peninsula. This, together with a close study of Admiralty maps of the area, appears to have triggered an abiding interest in oil in the region. By 1918, he was writing to his wife that "I personally believe that there will be developed an immense oil field running from Kuwait right down the mainland coast eastern Arabia".
The Search for Oil Concessions.
Arabia.
In 1920, Holmes helped set up the Eastern and General Syndicate Ltd in London to develop, among other things, oil ventures in the Middle East. In 1922 he travelled to Arabia to discuss the possibility of an oil concession with Emir Ibn Saud, who ruled parts of the eastern peninsula. With Ibn Saud’s permission, he carried out a survey over four weeks in the desert and returned to Hofuf with earth samples which he claimed bore traces of oil. In order to allay the suspicions of British officials, Holmes claimed that he was looking for a rare butterfly, the Black Admiral of Qatif, although this deception appears not to have been effective. At the Uqair conference later in the year, Holmes approached Ibn Saud with a view to finalising a concession document but the British High Commissioner, Sir Percy Cox, persuaded Ibn Saud not to sign. It was only when the British government ended Ibn Saud’s annual stipend in 1923 that Ibn Saud considered himself free of British control and awarded a concession to Holmes for the region of al-Hasa. But when a subsequent survey was unfavourable, and a financially challenged Eastern and General Syndicate failed to find a bidder, the concession for al-Hasa was allowed to lapse. Holmes, nevertheless, still entertained hopes of finding oil on Bahrain and concentrated his efforts there.
In 1932 Holmes travelled to Jeddah, where negotiations for an oil concession were going between Ibn Saud, SOCAL and IPC for a new cocnession for al-Hasa province. When Ibn Saud’s adviser, the former British colonial officer Harry St. John Philby, got wind of his arrival he attempted to deter Holmes from joining the negotiations by informing him that he was "persona non grata" in Jeddah and was remembered for the failure to exploit the first al-Hasa concession. There was also the matter of £6,000 rent owed to Ibn Saud. Holmes appeared undaunted. “Holmes does not seem to share the otherwise universally held belief that Ibn Saud regards him unfavourably,” wrote the IPC representative, Stephen Hemsley Longrigg. In fact, Holmes probably had no intention of joining in but simply wanted to exclude the Neutral Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait from the negotiations. After three days, during which time he met with Saudi finance minister Abdullah Suleiman, Holmes left Jeddah and took no part in the al-Hasa negotiations. The concession for al-Hasa (excluding the Neutral Zone) went to SOCAL. The company formed an operating company, the California Arabian Standard Oil Company (CASOC), joined forces with the Texas Oil Company and struck commercial oil at Dammam in March 1938. CASOC went on to become Aramco in 1944.
Bahrain.
In 1923 he persuaded the sheikh of Bahrain to give him an oil concession in exchange for drilling water wells. Armed with a favourable geological report and rock samples, Holmes set out to interest a major oil company in drilling for oil in Bahrain. The Gulf Oil Company showed an interest but was constrained by the Red Line Agreement which prevented the company from drilling on Bahrain without the consent of their partners in the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC). Their partners declined, so Gulf assigned its interest to Standard Oil of California (SOCAL) for $50,000. SOCAL went on to strike oil in June 1932.
Qatar.
In 1925, reports came into the Anglo-Persian Oil Company that Holmes was showing an interest in Qatar. Holmes had visited the ruler Sheikh Abdullah in his desert tent. When the sheikh’s hunting dogs entered the tent and Holmes was able to identify the pedigree of one, the sheikh was most impressed. “If this man can identify one dog among so many, surely he can identify where our oil is hidden,” he said, declaring that Holmes was his choice for the Qatar oil concession. Holmes also presented the sheikh with a motor car. This prompted Anglo-Persian to send a survey party led by George Martin Lees to Qatar. There were no firm indications of oil, but when oil was struck on Bahrain, this and a favourable survey persuaded Anglo Persian to sign a concession agreement with the sheikh in 1935. Holmes, in the meantime, had found his energies taken up with oil negotiations in Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Kuwait lay outside the Red Line Agreement, so Gulf Oil was free to negotiate for an oil concession there, represented by Frank Holmes. When representatives of their rivals, Anglo-Persian, first attempted to negotiate with the Emir of Kuwait, Sheikh Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah, they found that that Holmes was well enconsced with the Sheikh with the result that the company appointed William Richard Williamson to counter Holmes' influence. Eventually, Anglo-Persian decided to join forces with Holmes, and together they created a 50-50 venture, the Kuwait Oil Company. On 23 December 1934 Sheikh Ahmad signed an oil concession (covering the entire 15,800 square km of Kuwait for 75 years) to this new company and appointed Major Holmes as his representative in London. Oil was struck in Kuwait in February 1938.
Trucial Coast.
In 1937 Holmes was instructed by Petroleum Concessions Ltd – an associate company of IPC - to complete oil concession agreements with the sheikhs of the Trucial Coast and the ruler of Oman but he proved dilatory and had to be relieved through ill-health. “I am sure that if Holmes comes to the Gulf there will be the usual atmosphere of confusion and intrigue which he creates wherever he goes and which sooner or later gives us much unnecessary trouble,” wrote the British Political Resident from Bahrain, reflecting a widespread suspicion among British officials that Holmes was a threat to their country's interests in the Persian Gulf. To another official, he was simply "a rover in the world of oil".
Achievements.
Described as being “of powerful physique, of blunt speech and great strength of character” Holmes possessed qualities of charm and generosity that won him the admiration of Arabs across the region, and he was able to invoke dreams of wealth among the many improverished shiekhs of the Arabian peninsula. Although not a trained petroleum geologist, he relied on a knowledge of geology gained as a mining engineer and a certain intuition (what Holmes described as his “nose for oil”) to locate areas where oil might be found. In the event, at a time when established opinion was generally pessimistic about finding oil in Arabia, Holmes’ predictions were remarkably accurate. It is for these reasons that he earned from Arabs the sobriquet “Abu Naft”, or the Father of Oil.
Death.
After a short illness, Frank Holmes died of a heart attack in January, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="2885090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885090" title="Royal Army Physical Training Corps">
Royal Army Physical Training Corps

The Royal Army Physical Training Corps (RAPTC) is the British Army corps responsible for physical fitness and physical education and is headquartered in Aldershot. Its members are all Royal Army Physical Training Corps Instructors (RAPTCIs).
History.
The RAPTC was formed in 1860 as the Army Gymnastic Staff. It was renamed the Army Physical Training Staff in 1918 and was given corps status as the Army Physical Training Corps by Army Order 165 in 1940.
Famous former APTCIs include Nik Stuart (former National Gymnastic Coach) and Olympic medallist Kriss Akabusi.
At the Festival of Remembrance on 13 November 2010 Huw Edwards announced that the Army Physical Training Corps had been granted the title Royal Army Physical Training Corps by Her Majesty the Queen. This became effective immediately.
Role.
The corps cap badge, which is also worn on the front of its vests, t-shirts and tracksuits, consists of crossed swords surmounted by a crown. The corps motto is "Mens sana in corpore sano" which means 'a healthy mind in a healthy body'. Its quick march is "Be Fit", with words taken from "Land and Sea Tales" by Rudyard Kipling.
It is not possible to join the RAPTC directly from civilian life. Prospective PTIs must first join another regiment or corps and then qualify as Regimental All Arms Physical Training Instructor (AAPTI) after a nine-week course at the ASPT. They then return to their own unit and only after further experience can they attend selection for the RAPTC. If they pass the selection course they follow a 30-week training course before qualifying as Advanced PTIs and transferring to the RAPTC as an RAPTCI.

</doc>
<doc id="2885091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885091" title="Diecast (band)">
Diecast (band)

Diecast is an American metalcore band originating from Boston, Massachusetts.
History.
Formed in Boston in late 1996, Diecast was originally established as a five piece group featuring vocalist Colin Schleifer, guitarist Nassim Rizvi, bassist Jeremy Wooden, drummer Jason Costa, and guitarist mehdy rad. 
The band's first release "Perpetual War" was recorded by Brian McTiernan (of Salad Days fame) and released independently in 1997. The demo was recorded to cassette and is now a collectors item.
In 1998, the band released their debut LP "Undo the Wicked" via Samson Records. The album marked the first recording of the band as a five-piece line-up with the addition of guitarist Dave McGuire who was replaced just after the Samson Records release with original guitarist Mehdy Rad who had been involved with a pre-Diecast version of the band, left and returned.
After the departure of guitarist and founding member Nassim Rizvi, his position was temporarily filled by a number of friends of the band including Buz McGrath and Ken Susi of the band Unearth. Jonathan Kita would be named the permanent replacement on lead guitar in February 1999.
The band recorded a self-funded and self-distributed CD sampler with Dean Bartolonis which included early versions of songs "Solace" and "Disrepair" with Colin Schleifer, Jeremy Wooden, Jason Costa, Mehdy Rad, and Jason Kita. The band toured the east coast of the US and Canada non-stop for the next year.
Amid the buzz surrounding "Undo the Wicked", the band signed with the now defunct Now or Never Records. Mehdy Rad left in 2000. Despite the departure of Guitarist Mehdy Rad in late 2000, they wrote, recorded, and released their second full-length album, "Day of Reckoning" which was produced by Paul Trust, on February 13, 2001. After the release of "Day of Reckoning" they recruited Kirk Kolaitis. The band embarked on a number of tours across the United States, supporting such bands as All Out War, Dying Fetus, Napalm Death - as well as opening for renowned acts Alice Cooper and The Cult.
In the spring of 2002, Diecast secured the opening slot for the Slayer "God Hates Us All" tour. Upon the completion of the tour, the band decided to focus their attention towards a new album. Faced with record label issues, and dissension internally about the musical direction they should take, the recording phase for their third full-length album was halted. At this point founding member Colin Schleifer left the group in May 2003 to pursue other interests, and was replaced by current vocalist Paul Stoddard.
Diecast inked a new record deal with recognized independent metal label, Century Media Records in 2004 and went into the studio again with producer Paul Trust. The band then released their third full-length album "Tearing Down Your Blue Skies" on October 19, 2004. An excerpt of the track "Rise and Oppose" was licensed by Volkswagen Automotive and used in an advertisement for the Volkswagen Jetta. The album was re-released by Century Media in 2006, with three bonus tracks including a cover of Raining Blood by Slayer. The three tracks were produced by Zeuss (Shadows Fall, Hatebreed), and were added to the re-release along with extras.
Jason Costa departed the band during their early 2006 tour. Dennis Pavia formerly of Tantrumn volunteered to fill in and then eventually became a full-time member.
On May 16, 2006, vocalist Paul Stoddard announced that in addition to Jason Costa no longer being part of the band, bassist Jeremy Wooden, the only original remaining member, had decided to depart as well. Dennis Pavia and Brad Horion were named as their replacements.[http://www.roadrunnerrecords.com/blabbermouth.net/news.aspx?mode=Article&newsitemID=52345]
The band's fourth full-length album "Internal Revolution" was released on September 19, 2006 and features the single "Fade Away." It was again recorded in Miami and produced by Trust. A companion video was directed by David Brodsky. The album shifted 1,246 copies in its first week according to Nielsen SoundScan.[http://indiehq.com/2006/09/27/independent-sales-chart-9-27-06/] 
They are currently in the studio and have released a new song on their MySpace page entitled "Disconnect" as well as a second song, "Sanctified" on a sponsors MySpace page
. They recently released a press statement announcing they had parted ways with label Century Media. In addition the band is shopping a 4 song demo to other labels and hopes to release a new album and tour shortly thereafter. In addition to shopping new labels in late 2008, bassist Eddie Barton joined the band as a full-time replacement for Brad Horion.
In August 2012, the band began recording its long awaited fifth studio album. In December 2013, it was announced that recording of the album was on hold due to financial issues. In February 2014, it was announced that recording of the album would continue, and that it would be released in the spring or summer. In April 2014, it was announced that the album release was pushed back to 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="2885099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885099" title="Transaction Capabilities Application Part">
Transaction Capabilities Application Part

Transaction Capabilities Application Part, from ITU-T recommendations Q.771-Q.775 or ANSI T1.114 is a protocol for Signalling System 7 networks. Its primary purpose is to facilitate multiple concurrent dialogs between the same sub-systems on the same machines, using Transaction IDs to differentiate these, similar to the way TCP ports facilitate multiplexing connections between the same IP addresses on the Internet.
TCAP is used to transport INAP in Intelligent Networks and MAP in mobile phone networks.
Overview.
TCAP messages are sent over the wire between machines. TCAP primitives are sent between the application and the local TCAP stack. All TCAP messages are primitives but there are primitives that are not messages. In other words, some are only transferred inside the local machine. A TCAP primitive is made up of one or more TCAP components.
An ITU-T TCAP primitive may be one of the following types:
A Begin primitive has an Originating Transaction ID (up to 4 bytes). Continues have an Originating Transaction ID and a Destination Transaction ID. Ends and Aborts only have a Destination Transaction ID. Each primitive has both an optional component and (optional) dialogue portions. The component portion for the unidirectional primitive is mandatory.
The dialogue portion carries dialogue or unidialogue control PDUs. For MAP and INAP, dialogue PDU is used which performs establishment and release of dialogues for the application context provided in the primitives. Following primitives are defined for the dialogue PDU:
Each ITU-T TCAP component may be one of the following types:
Invoke components have a signed 7 bit InvokeID which is present in all the other components to identify which invoke they relate to.
TCAP is based on the OSI defined ROSE, Remote Operations Services Element protocol.
Transaction ID.
The transaction ID is a TCAP reference for a set of TCAP operations that are performed within a single dialog. When machine A starts a TCAP dialog with another machine B, the machine A sends a Begin message to machine B. This Begin message contains an Originating Transaction ID, which is the Transaction ID reference for A. When the machine B replies to A with a Continue message it includes A's Transaction ID as the Destination Transaction ID. Furthermore B includes its own Transaction ID as the Originating Transaction ID.
As the TCAP dialog goes on each Continue message includes the Transaction ID of the destination machine as the Destination Transaction ID and the Transaction ID of the originating machine as the Originating Transaction ID. When any of the machines wants to close the dialog it sends an End message or an Abort message to the other machine. This message contains the Destination Transaction ID only.
Invoke ID.
Invoke ID is a TCAP reference for a specific TCAP operation.
Decoded TCAP Message.
This is a MO-SMS sent by a MAP layer and the hex stream is taken from TCAP layer.
According to tag length values, this can be decoded as below. 

</doc>
<doc id="2885102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885102" title="Save the Green Planet!">
Save the Green Planet!

Save the Green Planet! (Korean title: 지구를 지켜라!, "Jigureul Jikyeora!") is a South Korean film, written and directed by Jang Joon-hwan, released on 4 April 2003 . The movie mixes elements of multiple genres, including comedy, science fiction, horror and thriller. The basic story begins when the main character, Lee Byeong-gu, kidnaps another man, convinced that the latter is an alien.
Plot.
The film's main character is Byeong-gu, a man who believes that aliens from Andromeda are about to attack Earth and that he is the only one who can prevent them. With his childlike circus-performer girlfriend, he kidnaps a powerful pharmaceutical executive whom he believes to be a top ranking extraterrestrial able to contact the Andromedan prince during the upcoming eclipse. After imprisoning the man in his basement workshop, Byeong-gu proceeds to torture him. 
It soon appears that the executive's company poisoned Byeong-gu's mother in a pharmaceuticals test, and that it is vengeance fueled psychosis that causes Byeong-gu to believe the executive is an alien. 
When a detective comes calling to investigate the disappearance, the executive tries to escape but is thwarted by the psychotic Byeong-gu. The detective at first finds nothing unusual but on his way out sees Byeong-gu's dog (appropriately named Earth) gnawing on the bones of his master's past victims. After contacting a partner in the police force he is killed by Byeong-gu's bees, is hacked up and fed to the dog. Byeong-gu then crucifies the executive and breaks his leg with the back of his axe, to punish him for his attempted escape. In a desperate move, the executive convinces Byeong-gu that the bottle of benzene in his car trunk is the antidote for his comatose mother. 
As Byeong-gu races to the hospital to deliver the antidote, the executive frees himself by pulling his hands through the nails. He then travels deeper into his captor’s lair, finding evidence of his grim research. Photos of mutilated corpses are littered with blood scrawled notebooks, while hands and brains of past ‘subjects’ reside in jars. Reading through the journals the executive discovers Byeong-gu's traumatic past: his father was a coal miner who lost one of his arms due to his dangerous work and was killed by his wife when he attempted to attack her and his son. The child was beaten in school and was a victim of the sadistic whims of his cruel teachers. He showed early signs of violence, such as stabbing a fellow school mate with a kitchen knife. His mother was then poisoned in the aforementioned incident and at a protest his former girlfriend was beaten to death. He slowly went mad from the violence that surrounded him. 
As this is happening, the dead detective's partner arrives and finds the frantic executive. And Byeong-gu, after desperately rushing to the hospital to give the 'antidote' to his comatose mother, killing her, becomes ever more enraged. He returns home to kill the alien, only to find the detective there as well. After a brief struggle and a bizarre turn of events, he captures both of them and plans on killing them both. The frantic executive then admits to being an alien and proceeds to spin an outlandish tale which stretches back to the time of the dinosaurs, about how his race was originally trying to save humanity by experimenting on the genetic code of his mother. He also agrees, in what appears to be a time-buying move, to contact the alien prince at the pharmaceutical company factory. 
Byeong-gu leaves the detective all his notes, saying that if he does not make it, he will have the responsibility of saving the planet. At the factory, the executive triggers a computer controlled robotic arm to kill Byeong-gu's girlfriend, and after a long struggle, he beats his captor almost to death. When the police arrive, they shoot Byeong-gu, and as he bleeds to death he wonders aloud, "Now who will save the earth?"
When the aliens do arrive and beam up the executive aboard their ship, we learn he is in fact the alien king himself. Disgusted and angered by the torture and corruption and evils of the world, he deems Earth a failed experiment and blasts it from creation. As the credits roll still photographs recap the entire journey of Byeong-gu's life, focusing instead on the beautiful, happy moments of a young boy and man with his father and mother and girlfriend.
Production.
Jang first conceived of the idea for "Save the Green Planet!" while watching the film "Misery". He enjoyed it, but was disappointed with the lack of depth of the Annie Wilkes character, and accordingly decided that if he made a film about a kidnapping, it would be staged from the point of view of the kidnapper. Later, Jang stumbled across a crank website accusing actor Leonardo DiCaprio of being an alien who wanted to conquer Earth by seducing all of its women, and he decided to combine the two concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="2885104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885104" title="Derry v Peek">
Derry v Peek

Derry v Peek (1889) LR 14 App Cas 337 is a case in English law in the tort of deceit, the tort of negligent misstatement in pure economic loss, misrepresentation in contract law, fraud in contract law, and fiduciary duty in equity. The House of Lords determined there was no general duty to use ‘care and skill’ in the context of issuing a prospectus to refrain from making misstatements, and is cited, but no longer good law, in cases of pure economic loss as a result of negligent misstatement in the law of torts.
Facts.
The Plymouth, Devonport and District Tramways company's prospectus stated that the company had permission to use steam trams, rather than horse powered ones. In fact, it did not because the right to use steam power was subject to the Board of Trade's consent. The company applied, and honestly believed that they would get it because permission was a mere formality. In fact, after the prospectus was issued, they did not get permission. Shareholders, represented by Sir Henry Peek, who had purchased their stakes in the company on the faith of the statement's truth sued when the company's business ended up in liquidation.
Judgment.
The shareholders' action failed, because it was not proved that the director lacked honest belief in what they had said. Lord Herschell however did point out that though unreasonableness of the grounds of belief is not deceitful, it is evidence from which deceit may be inferred. There are many cases,
"where the fact that an alleged belief was destitute of all reasonable foundation would suffice of itself to convince the court that it was not really entertained, and that the representation was a fraudulent one."
Context.
The tort of deceit would have been established only if the misstatements had been fraudulently made. "Derry v Peek" thus validated the perspective of the majority judges in the Court of Appeal in "Heaven v Pender". That is, for there to be deceit or fraud (which is the same) it must be shown that a defendant knows a statement is untrue, or has no belief in its truth, or is reckless as to whether it is true or false.
"Derry v Peek" also outlined that no duty would be required in relationship to negligent misrepresentation, without the presence of a contract, fiduciary relationship, fraud or deceit. This was later overruled in "Hedley Byrne v Heller".

</doc>
<doc id="2885108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885108" title="Gary Valenciano">
Gary Valenciano

Edgardo José Martin Santiago Valenciano (born 6 August 1964), better known as Gary Valenciano or Gary V., is a Filipino musician. Also known as Mr. Pure Energy, Valenciano has released 26 albums, and won the Awit Awards for "Best Male Performer" eleven times. In 1998, he became UNICEF Philippines first National Ambassador. His most notable songs include ""Di Bale Na Lang"" ("Never mind"), ""Eto Na Naman"" ("Here we go again"), ""Sana Maulit Muli"" ("i wish it could happen again"), ""Natutulog Ba Ang Diyos?"" ("Does God sleep"), ""Gaya ng Dati"" ("Just like before"), ""Pasko Na, Sinta Ko"" ("It's already Christmas my love"), and ""Narito"" ("Here").
He is currently part of ABS-CBN contract actors, and is frequently tapped to sing theme songs for the network's soap operas and films.
Gary Valenciano was given the ASAP Elite Platinum Circle Award for 2008 for his extraordinary achievements in the local music industry. In his 25 years in the music industry, Gary has been awarded five Platinum albums, four double Platinum albums, three triple Platinum albums, and two sextuple Platinum albums.
Biography.
Gary Valenciano was born in Santa Mesa, Manila on 6 August 1964. He is the sixth of seven children of Vicente Valenciano and Grimilda Santiago Ortíz. His parents met in New York, married, and settled in Manila. His father is from Bicol, while his mother is a Puerto Rican of Italian descent who sang opera in Manila during the 1960s. Valenciano attended primary and secondary school in La Salle Green Hills.
Personal life.
Valenciano was married to María Anna Elizabeth "Angeli" Pangilinan, with whom he had three children: Juan Paolo Martin Valenciano (vocalist of the band Salamin, who is married to Samantha Godinez), José Angelo Gabriel Valenciano (singer, keyboardist and dancer) and Kristiana María Mikaela (model turned singer). He is currently living with diabetes, and has been an endorser for several wellness products related to the condition.
Career.
In 1978, at 14 years old, Valenciano made his first television appearance in an advertisement for local soft-drink, Fress Gusto. He started as a choir singer then launched his career in singing and show business on 13 May 1983. He first appeared as a solo artist in 1982 in the television programme, "The Pilita and Jackie Show", and later in "Germspesyal" and "Penthouse Live". He had his first solo concert in April 1984 at the Araneta Coliseum, followed by a number of albums. Three of his albums were released internationally, including the Christian-inspired album "Out of the Dark". He won the Awit Awards|Awit Award]] for "Best Male Performer" eleven of the past 21 times.. He has been called "Mr. Pure Energy" due to his high energy dance performances in concerts.
In 1998, he became UNICEF Philippines' first National Ambassador. In 2008, he marked his tenth year as a UNICEF Ambassador with a visit to Sitio Avocado, a former war zone in Negros Oriental. Valenciano returned to acting in 2008 by appearing in the drama anthology "Maalaala Mo Kaya", where he portrayed a prisoner who finds religion and becomes born again. That same year, he was nominated for "Best Single Performance By An Actor" in the 22nd PMPC Star Awards for TV. In 2009, Valenciano released a collaborative album with Martin Nievera called "As 1", with the carrier single of the same title. In 2010, Valenciano was in a Holy Week drama special, "Gulong", a CBN Asia Production shown on GMA. This was his third GMA Holy Week special since 2006. He also released his 25th full-length album, and his fourth compilation album, "Replay", was recently released with the carrier single, "Did It Ever".
Discography.
Studio albums.
Notes
Popular Songs in chronological order of Release.
Valenciano's songs include:

</doc>
<doc id="2885110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885110" title="Pro Football Weekly">
Pro Football Weekly

Pro Football Weekly (sometimes shortened to PFW) was an American sports magazine, founded in 1967, that covered the National Football League. It was owned by Pro Football Weekly LLC and headquartered in Riverwoods, Illinois. The magazine closed in 2013 due to years of losses.
The magazine was published 32 times a year, including every week of the NFL season, and issued four supplementary publications -- the Pro Football Weekly Preview, the Fantasy Football Guide, the Draft Preview, and the Pro Prospects Preview -- annually. With a beat writer covering each NFL team, the magazine was one of a small number covering each team in detail on a regular basis.
Hub Arkush was PFW's editor and publisher from 1978 until its closure.
While the magazine has ceased publication, the popular syndicated radio show called "Pro Football Weekly & Basketball News" has continued. It is hosted by Arkush and Wayne Larrivee; the program also covers the NBA.
Similarly, the "Pro Football Weekly" half-hour television show has continued to air during the 2013 NFL season.
From 1996 to 2002, "Pro Football Weekly" was owned by Primedia.

</doc>
<doc id="2885115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885115" title="The Armando Iannucci Shows">
The Armando Iannucci Shows

The Armando Iannucci Shows is a series of eight programmes directed by Armando Iannucci and written by Iannucci with Andy Riley and Kevin Cecil. It was shown on UK's Channel 4 from September to October 2001. Each episode focused on specific themes relating to human nature and existentialism, around which Iannucci would weave a series of surreal sketches and monologues.
Recurring themes in the episodes are the superficiality of modern culture, our problems communicating with each other, the mundane nature of working life and feelings of personal inadequacy and social awkwardness. Several characters also make repeat appearances in the shows, including the East End thug, who solves every problem with threats of violence; Hugh, an old man who delivers surreal monologues about what things were like in the old days; and Iannucci's barber, who is full of nonsensical anecdotes.
Iannucci has been quoted as saying it is the comedy series he is most proud of making. He told "The Metro" in April 2007 ""The Armando Iannucci Show" on Channel 4 came out around 9/11, so it was overlooked for good reasons. People had other things on their minds. But that was the closest to me expressing my comic outlook on life."
The show is also notable for its use of music, the quality of its direction and the often extensive use of CGI effects. A DVD of the series was released on 4 September 2006 after years of wrangles due to music rights issues.
Recurring characters.
Most of the sketches and characters in "The Armando Iannucci Shows" were one-offs, but a few characters did recur:
Episodes.
Each episode is themed around a certain subject. The following episode order is according to the DVD which had its contents significantly reshuffled from the original broadcast timeline.
Music.
The original broadcast version featured a number of modern classical pieces including:
Other classical pieces included:
Some of these pieces had to be removed from the DVD due to rights issues, and were replaced with stock library music.
There is also a snippet of an imaginary modern opera, "Ibiza Uncovered", that is very close to the style of the opera of John Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="2885119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885119" title="Playtime">
Playtime

Playtime (sometimes written "PlayTime" or "Play Time") is French director Jacques Tati's fourth major film, and generally considered to be his most daring film. It was shot from 1964 through 1967 and released in 1967. In "Playtime", Tati again plays Monsieur Hulot, a character who had appeared in some of his earlier films, including "Mon Oncle" and "Les Vacances de Monsieur Hulot". As mentioned on the making of documentary that accompanies the Criterion Collections DVD of the film, by 1964 Tati had grown ambivalent towards playing Hulot as a recurring central role. Unable to dispense with the popular character altogether, Hulot appears intermittently in "Playtime", alternating between central and supporting roles. Shot in 70 mm, "Playtime" is notable for its enormous set, which Tati had built specially for the film, as well as Tati's trademark use of subtle, yet complex visual comedy supported by creative sound effects; dialogue is frequently reduced to the level of background noise.
Plot.
"Playtime" is structured in six sequences, linked by two characters who repeatedly encounter one another in the course of a day: "Barbara", a young American tourist visiting Paris with a group composed primarily of middle-aged American women, and "Monsieur Hulot", a befuddled Frenchman lost in the new modernity of Paris. The sequences are as follows: 
Cast.
When possible, Tati cast nonprofessionals. He wanted people whose inner essence matched their characters and who could move in the way he wanted.
Production.
The film is famous for its enormous, specially constructed set and background stage, known as 'Tativille', which contributed significantly to the film's large budget, said to be 17 million francs. The set required a hundred construction workers to construct along with its own power plant. Budget crises and other disasters stretched the shooting schedule to three years, including 1.4 million francs in repairs after the set was damaged by storms. Tati observed, perhaps correctly, that the cost of building the set was no greater than what it would have cost to have hired Elizabeth Taylor or Sophia Loren for the leading role. Budget overruns forced Tati to take out large loans and personal overdrafts to cover ever-increasing production costs. 
As "Playtime" depended greatly on visual comedy and sound effects, Tati chose to shoot the film on the high-resolution 70 mm film format, together with a complicated (for its day) stereophonic soundtrack.
To save money, some of the building facades and the interior of the Orly set were actually giant photographs. (The photographs also had the advantage of not reflecting the camera or lights.) The Paris landmarks Barbara sees reflected in the glass door are also photographs. Tati also used life-sized cutout photographs of people to save money on extras. These cutouts are noticeable in some of the cubicles when Hulot overlooks the maze of offices, and in the deep background in some of the shots at ground level from one office building to another.
Themes.
In "Playtime", Tati's character, M. Hulot, and a group of American tourists attempt to navigate a futuristic Paris constructed of straight lines, modernist glass and steel high-rise buildings, multi-lane roadways, and cold, artificial furnishings. In this environment, only the irrepressible nonconformity of human nature and an occasional appreciation for the good old days breathe life into an otherwise sterile urban lifestyle. Modern industrial technologies, accepted as necessary by society, are represented by Tati as obstructions to daily life and an interference to natural human interaction.
Style.
Tati wanted the film to be in color but look like it was filmed in black and white – an effect he had previously employed to some extent in "Mon Oncle". Predominant colors are in shades of grey, blue, black, and greyish white. Green and red are used as occasional accent colors: for example, the greenish hue of patrons lit by a neon sign in a sterile and modern lunch counter, or the flashing red light on an office intercom. It has been said that Tati had one red item in every shot. Except for a single flower stall, there are no genuine green plants or trees on the set, though dull plastic plants adorn the outer balconies of some buildings, including the restaurant (the one location shot apart from the road to the airport). Thus, when the character of "Barbara" arrives at the Royal Garden restaurant in an emerald green dress seen as 'dated' by the other whispering female patrons clothed in dark attire, she visually contrasts not only with the other diners, but also with the entire physical environment of the film. As the characters in the restaurant scene begin to lose their normal social inhibitions and revel in the unraveling of their surroundings, Tati intensifies both color and lighting accordingly: late arrivals to the restaurant are less conservative, arriving in vibrant, often patterned clothing. 
Tati detested close-ups, considering them crude, and shot in medium-format 70 mm film so that all the actors and their physical movements would be visible, even when they were in the far background of a group scene. He used sound rather than visual cues to direct the audience's attention; with the large image size, sound could be both high and low in the image as well as left and right. As with most Tati films, sound effects were utilized to intensify comedic effect; Leonard Maltin wrote that Tati was the "only man in movie history to get a laugh out of the hum of a neon sign!" Almost the entire film was dubbed after shooting; the editing process took nine months.
Philip Kemp has described the film's plot as exploring "how the curve comes to reassert itself over the straight line". This progression is carried out in numerous ways. At the beginning of the film, people walk in straight lines and turn on right angles. Only working-class construction workers (representing Hulot's 'old Paris', celebrated in "Mon Oncle") and two music-loving teenagers move in a curvaceous and naturally human way. Some of this robotlike behavior begins to loosen in the restaurant scene near the end of the film, as the participants set aside their assigned roles and learn to enjoy themselves after a plague of opening-night disasters. Throughout the film, the American tourists are continually lined up and counted, though Barbara keeps escaping and must be frequently called back to conform with the others. By the end, she has united the curve and the line (Hulot's gift, a square scarf, is fitted to her round head); her straight bus ride back to the airport becomes lost in a seemingly endless traffic circle that has the atmosphere of a carnival ride.
The extended apartment sequence, where Jacques Tati's character visits a friend and tours his apartment, is notable. Jacques Tati keeps his audience outside of the apartment as we look inside the lives of these characters. In September 2012, "Interiors", an online journal that is concerned with the relationship between architecture and film, released an issue that discussed how space is used in this scene. The issue highlights how Jacques Tati uses the space of the apartment to create voyeurs out of his audience. 
Reception.
On its original French release, "Playtime" was acclaimed by most critics. However, it was commercially unsuccessful, failing to earn back a significant portion of its production costs. The film was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.
One reason for the film's commercial failure may have been Tati's insistence that the film be limited to those theaters equipped with 70 mm projectors and stereophonic sound (he refused to provide a 35 mm version for smaller theaters). For another, audiences worldwide had come to love Tati's films for the character of M. Hulot; his reduction to an intermittent, occasionally supporting role in the new Tati film came as a disappointment to many (Tati himself lampooned the phenomenon in an early scene in "Playtime", when a rain-coated pedestrian whose back is turned to the audience is mistakenly hailed as Hulot). Others disliked its nearly plotless story line, while those who only saw a single showing frequently missed the intricate, sometimes simultaneous comic sight gags performed in the various group scenes. A final reason for the film's poor reception may have been its release date; while the film's satire of modern life may have been cutting-edge when first conceptualized in 1959, by the end of 1967 such themes were old-hat to film audiences. 
Results were the same upon the film's eventual release in the U.S. in 1973 (even though it had finally been converted to a 35 mm format at the insistence of U.S. distributors and edited down to 103 minutes). Though Vincent Canby of the "New York Times" called "Playtime" "Tati's most brilliant film", it was no more a commercial success in the U.S. than in France. Debts incurred as a result of the film's cost overruns eventually forced Tati to file for bankruptcy. 
Despite its financial failure, "Playtime" is regarded as a great achievement by many critics. Most have noted its subtlety and complexity: it is not easily absorbed at one sitting. François Truffaut wrote that "Playtime" was "a film that comes from another planet, where they make films differently". Noel Burch has noted that the film has to be viewed "several times, each from a different seat in the auditorium" in order to view the many small, tightly-choreographed sight gags by several different actors, sometimes displayed nearly simultaneously on the huge screen required for 70 mm film.
In 2012, "Playtime" was 43rd in the British Film Institute's critics' list and 37th in their directors' list of Top 50 Greatest Films of All Time.

</doc>
<doc id="2885120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885120" title="TV 2 Zulu">
TV 2 Zulu

TV 2 Zulu is a Danish television station which started broadcasting on 15 October 2000. It is primarily aimed at viewers between 15 and 30 years of age.
TV2 Zulu has been noted for Danish comedy shows and programmes such as "Langt fra Las Vegas", "Gustne Gensyn", "P.I.S.", "Klovn" and "FC Zulu", the latter of which was nominated for an International Emmy in 2005 for best Non-scripted Entertainment. From 2000 to 2007, TV2 Zulu broadcast live NFL games.
TV2 Zulu is also known for its award shows such as Zulu Awards and Zulu Comedy Galla. Zulu Comedy Galla is a part of Zulu Comedy Festival, where comedians, both Danish and foreign, are performing in the capital of Denmark, Copenhagen. In 2011 it was introduced that comedians would also be performing in Aarhus. During the festival, the TV channel also broadcast a lot of comedy.
In the summer TV2 Zulu tours Denmark with an outdoor cinema, Zulu Sommerbio (Zulu Summercinema). In the cinema you get access to newly released movies for free, and in the meantime on the TV channel, TV2 Zulu broadcasts movies, sorted by themes for the different weeks. Every place Zulu Sommerbio visits they stay 3–5 days, and on the last day, the audience gets to decide the last movie, via a vote on the television stations website.
On satellite, TV 2 Zulu (as well as TV 2 Charlie and TV 2 Film) was initially exclusively available via Canal Digital. The competing Viasat platform started broadcasting the channels in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2885123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885123" title="Heaven v Pender">
Heaven v Pender

Heaven v Pender (1883) 11 QBD 503, Court of Appeal) was an English tort law case, which foreshadowed the birth of the modern law of negligence.
Facts.
The case occurred when an owner of a dry dock supplied ropes that supported a stage slung over the side of a ship. The stage failed because the supplied ropes had been previously burned. The failure of the stage injured an employee of an independent contractor working in the dry dock. The dry dock owner, the defendant, had failed in his duty of care to give reasonably careful attention to the condition of the ropes, prior to employing them to hold up the stage. The defendant was found liable.
Judgment.
Court of Appeal.
The Master of the Rolls, William Brett, 1st Viscount Esher, suggested that there was a wider duty to be responsible in tort to those who might be injured if ‘ordinary care and skill’ was not exercised.
Brett MR's obiter views would later be expressly adopted by Lord Atkin in the House of Lords in "Donoghue v Stevenson" when the general concept of a tortious duty of care in negligence was established under English law.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords was content to decide the case on the basis a duty of care was owed by an occupier of land (the owner of the dry dock) to invitees (the employees of the contractor who were on the site to the economic benefit ultimately of the dry dock owner).

</doc>
<doc id="2885124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885124" title="Agonalia">
Agonalia

An Agonalia or Agonia was an obscure archaic religious observance celebrated in ancient Rome several times a year, in honor of various divinities. Its institution, like that of other religious rites and ceremonies, was attributed to Numa Pompilius, the semi-legendary second king of Rome. Ancient calendars indicate that it was celebrated regularly on January 9, May 21, and December 11.
A festival called Agonia or Agonium Martiale, in honor of Mars, was celebrated March 17, the same day as the Liberalia, during a prolonged "war festival" that marked the beginning of the season for military campaigning and agriculture.
Purpose.
The object of this festival was a disputed point among the ancients themselves, but as J.A. Hartung observed, the offering was a ram "(aries)", the usual victim sacrificed to the guardian gods of the state; the presiding priest was the "rex sacrificulus", and the site was the Regia, both of which could be employed only for ceremonies connected with the highest gods that affected the wellbeing of the whole state.
Etymology.
The etymology of the name was also a subject of much dispute among the ancients. The various etymologies proposed are given at length by Ovid. None of these, however, is satisfactory. One possibility is that the sacrifice in its earliest form was offered on the Quirinal Hill, which was originally called "Agonus", at the Colline gate, "Agonensis". The sacrifice is explicitly located at the Regia, or the "domus regis" ("house of the king"), which in the historical period was at the top of the Via Sacra, near the arch of Titus, though one ancient source states that in earliest times, the Regia was on the Quirinal.
The Circus Agonensis, as it is called, is supposed by some to have occupied the place of the present Piazza Navona, and to have been built by the emperor Alexander Severus on the spot where the victims were sacrificed at the Agonalia. It may not, however, have been a circus at all, and Humphrey omits the site in his work on Roman circuses.
January 9.
An "Agonium" occurs on January 9 in the "Fasti Praenestini", albeit in mutilated form. In Ovid's poem on the Roman calendar, he calls it once the "dies agonalis" ("agonal day") and elsewhere the Agonalia, and offers a number of etymologies of varied plausibility. Festus explains the word "agonia" as an archaic Latin term for "hostia", a sacrificial victim. Augustine of Hippo thought the Romans had a god named Agonius, who might then have been the god of the Colline part of the city (see "Etymology" above).
December 11.
This third occurrence of the Agonia or Agonalia shares the date of December 11 with the Septimontium or "Septimontiale sacrum", which only very late Roman calendars take note of and which depends on a textual conjecture. The relation between the two observances, if any exists, is unknown.
"Agonium Martiale".
The Agonia to Mars occurs during a period of festivals in March (Latin "Martius"), the namesake month of Mars. These were the chariot races of the Equirria February 27, a "feria" on the Kalends of March (a day sacred also to his mother Juno), a second Equirria on March 14, his Agonalia March 17, and the Tubilustrium March 23.
A note on the holiday from Varro indicates that this Agonia was of more recondite significance than the Liberalia held on the same day. Varro's source is the books of the Salian priests surnamed "Agonenses", who call it the Agonia instead. According to Masurius Sabinus, the Liberalia was called the "Agonium Martiale" by the pontiffs. Modern scholars are inclined to think that the sharing of the date was a coincidence, and that the two festivals were unrelated.

</doc>
<doc id="2885129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885129" title="Limerick, Louisville">
Limerick, Louisville

Limerick is a neighborhood one mile south of downtown Louisville, Kentucky USA. It was developed in the 1860s as a place of residence for employees of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad freight yard. It was named because nearly all of the residents were from the Irish county of Limerick. The St. Louis Bertrand Catholic Church was the centerpiece of the newly founded neighborhood. Limerick began the trend of working-class people living southwest of downtown, a trend which continues in the city to this day.
The working class Irish immigrants lived in modest shotgun houses, with a moderate number of African Americans living in the alleyways behind them, while upper income Irish, known as "lace curtain Irish", built mansion houses on St. Catherine Street. The Irish Catholic presence in Limerick was strong enough that from 1872 to 1918 an annual St Patrick's Day march went from the church to Broadway. But as many of the railroad jobs left the area, the Irish began to move to South Louisville. 
On October 7, 1871, the Louisville Steam Engine Co. 7 was formed to provide fire protection to the "southern suburbs" of Louisville. Its firehouse at 821 S. 6th Street is the oldest continuously active firehouse in the U.S. On December 10, 2008, Louisville Mayor Jerry Abramson announced his intention to close the firehouse and disband the company on January 1, 2009.
As the Irish left, the African Americans moved from the alleyways into the vacated shotgun houses. In 1873, Louisville Central Public School, Kentucky's first state supported public school for African Americans was opened at 6th and Kentucky Streets. It would be later renamed Simmons College and finally Municipal College for Negros, a "colored" campus of the University of Louisville. The school is now in the process of reclaiming its former campus and is officially known as Simmons College of Kentucky.
Beginning around 1874 Limerick was the site of two successive baseball fields, both named Eclipse Park and located at 7th and Kentucky streets (across the street from each other). They were the home of Louisville's major league team, the Louisville Colonels (originally the Louisville Eclipse) from 1882 until the team folded in 1899. It was here that Hall of Famer Honus Wagner made his major league debut on July 19, 1897.
The news weekly "Kentucky Irish American" would be published from Limerick for nearly seventy years, starting in 1898.
Today, Limerick is a historic preservation district. It is bounded by Breckinridge Street to the north, 5th street to the east, Oak Street to the south, and the CSX railroad tracks to the west. South of Oak street, the eastern boundary is 7th street until it crosses the railroad tracks.
Demographics.
As of 2000, the population of Limerick was 1,448, of which 56.5% are black, 37.7% are white, 3.8% are listed as other, and 2% are Hispanic. College graduates are 17.3% of the population, people without a high school degree are 21.2%. Males outnumber females 63.7% to 46.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="2885139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885139" title="The Honorary Title">
The Honorary Title

The Honorary Title was an alternative indie rock and country band from Brooklyn, New York. The band released their first self-titled EP "The Honorary Title" in 2003 and then their first album in 2004, "Anything Else But the Truth", which was later re-released with five additional songs and two bonus videos. 
In early 2007 the EP, "Untouched and Intact" arrived introducing four songs, three of which were re-released in the group's latest album, "Scream and Light Up the Sky", which was released on August 28, 2007.
Biography.
The band began in 2003 with just Gorbel's vocals and Kamstra's multi-instrumental talents, where they played with an indie record label before being signed onto Doghouse Records. After releasing their debut album, "Anything Else But The Truth" in 2004, the band eventually signed on ex-member of The Format, Adam Boyd (formerly of Greeley Estates), along with Jonathan Wiley. After heavy touring, the Honorary Title released "Scream and Light Up The Sky" in 2007. Late last year Aaron Kamstra left the band because of constant touring schedule along with Jonathan Wiley who is now touring with Adam Green. In an interview with Absolutepunk.net on 4.01.08 Gorbel said, "Aaron and I always had different ideas of where we were headed both musically, artistically, personally blah blah blah. We spent more time arguing than actually creating music. I wish him the best of luck. Jon is currently touring with Adam Green. There's no hard feelings, but we will miss him anyways; both amazing musicians."
Gorbel released a solo EP called Ten Years Older on his 2009 acoustic tour with Dustin Dobernig. In an interview with weworemasks.com, Gorbel says, "It’s considered a solo session, but…The Honorary Title might be over." He also said he is working on a solo LP. On October 24, 2009 Jarrod announced that The Honorary Title would play their final show on Friday, November 20, 2009.
On August 31, 2010, Gorbel released his first solo LP "Devil's Made a New Friend" under label Burning House Records.
Gorbel supported Hanson on the 3rd leg of their Shout It Out tour, starting November 1, 2010 in Dallas, TX and ending November 23 in Toronto, Ontario.
In 2012, Gorbel founded a new band, Night Terrors of 1927, along with friend Blake Sennett, former lead guitarist of the band Rilo Kiley.
Discography.
Trivia.
"Lost" stars Dominic Monaghan and Daniel Dae Kim are known to be fans, Monaghan introducing Kim to the band while filming.
The band is featured on The CW drama One Tree Hill soundtrack "The Road Mix: Music from the Television Series One Tree Hill, Vol. 3".They also performed in episode 7 of season 5 of One Tree Hill entitled "In Da Club".
Their song "Accident Prone" was featured in the 2007 comedy "Good Luck Chuck".
Their song "Bridge and Tunnel" was featured in the 2005 video game "True Crime New York City".
Several songs from both albums have been featured on ABC family's "Greek".

</doc>
<doc id="2885145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885145" title="List of short live-action films">
List of short live-action films

This is a list of live-action short films.

</doc>
<doc id="2885147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885147" title="Winterbottom v Wright">
Winterbottom v Wright

Winterbottom v Wright (1842) 10 M&W 109 was an important case in English common law responsible for constraining the law's stance on negligence in the nineteenth century.
Facts.
The plaintiff Winterbottom had been contracted by the Postmaster-General to drive a mail coach supplied by the Postmaster. The defendant Wright had been contracted by the Postmaster to maintain the coach in a safe state. The coach collapsed while Winterbottom was driving and he was injured. He claimed that Wright had "negligently conducted himself, and so utterly disregarded his aforesaid contract and so wholly and negligently failed to perform his duty in this behalf."
In Winterbottom v. Wright, the court held that the plaintiff had no redress. It held that since the defendant had a duty of care in contract it could not also have a duty of care in tort.
Therefore, as the industrial revolution developed in the 19th century, maintenance contracted owed no duty of care to individuals not involved in the contract. Similar social engineering saw the courts in that era shield employers from actions by injured workers.
The principle of "Winterbottom" meant that consumers who were injured by defective products in the 19th century had no legal action against the defective execution of a contract to which they were not expressly privy.
Judgment.
In 1842, the law’s only recognition of "negligence" was in respect of a breach of contract. As the plaintiff was not in a contract with the defendant the court ruled in favour of the defendant on the basis of the doctrine of privity of contract.
Winterbottom sought to extend the "ratio" of the court in "Langridge v Levy" but the court rejected this on the grounds that that case involved a gun whose safety had been misrepresented by the vendor.
The case was also possibly influenced by public policy. If the plaintiff were able to sue “there would be unlimited actions” and the public utility of the Postmaster-General was such that allowing such actions would be undesirable for society.
Significance.
Though Master of the Rolls William Brett sought to establish a general principle of duty of care in "Heaven v. Pender" (1883), his judgment was at variance with the majority of the court. The privity argument was subsequently rejected in common law in the U.S. in "MacPherson v. Buick Motor Co." (1916) and finally in England by the doctrine of the "neighbour principle" in "Donoghue v. Stevenson" (1932).

</doc>
<doc id="2885150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885150" title="Agoranomi">
Agoranomi

Agoranomi were magistrates in the republics of Greece, whose position and duties were in many respects similar to those of the aediles of Rome. In Athens there were ten, chosen annually by lot, five of whom took charge of the city and five of the Peiraeus. They maintained order in the markets, settled disputes, examined the quality of the articles exposed for sale, tested weights and measures, collected the harbour dues and enforced the shipping regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="2885151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885151" title="Mark Ronson">
Mark Ronson

Mark Daniel Ronson (born 4 September 1975) is an English musician, DJ, Singer and music producer.
While his debut album "Here Comes the Fuzz" failed to make an impact on the charts, his second album, "Version", included three top-ten hits and won Ronson a Brit Award for British Male Solo Artist in 2008. His third studio album, "Record Collection", was released on 27 September 2010.
Early life.
Ronson was born at the Wellington Hospital, St John's Wood. His parents are of Ashkenazi Jewish descent, with ancestors from Austria, Russia, and Lithuania, and Ronson was brought up in Masorti Judaism. Ronson's family name was originally Aaronson, but his grandfather Henry Ronson changed it to Ronson. Ronson is the nephew of property tycoon Gerald Ronson. Ronson is related to British Conservative politicians Sir Malcolm Rifkind and Leon Brittan, as well as Odeon Cinemas founder Oscar Deutsch. Ronson has twin sisters who are two years younger than he is, Charlotte Ronson, a fashion designer, and Samantha Ronson, a singer and DJ. Ronson also has five younger half-siblings. Alexander and Annabelle, through his mother's remarriage to Mick Jones as well as Henrietta, David, and Joshua, through his father's remarriage to model Michele First. After his parents broke up, his mother married Foreigner guitarist Mick Jones, which contributed to a childhood surrounded by music.
Mark counted Sean Lennon, son of John Lennon and Yoko Ono, amongst his childhood friends.
Career.
Ronson went to high school at the private Collegiate School in New York. Attending Vassar College and then New York University (NYU), Ronson became a regular at downtown hip hop spots and made his name as a DJ on the New York club scene in 1993, charging $50 per job. Though a novice with little experience, he became known for his diverse, genre-spanning selection. Influenced by funk, the hip hop scene of New York and the more rock influence of the UK (all of which he incorporated in his sets) he attracted a wider audience. He was soon one of the most respected DJs and was being called on for celebrities' private parties. In 1999, Ronson was featured in an ad wearing Tommy Hilfiger denim in the recording studio for an ad campaign for the company.
He provided the score for the 2011 film "Arthur".
2001–2005: "Here Comes the Fuzz" and initial producing.
He moved on, however, to producing music after Nikka Costa's manager heard one of his gigs and introduced the musicians. He produced her song "Everybody Got Their Something", and soon Ronson signed a record contract with Elektra Records. Mark had produced tracks for Hilfiger ads, and in 2001 used the connection to have Costa's single "Like a Feather" used in an ad.
Ronson's first album, "Here Comes the Fuzz", was released in 2003 and was critically acclaimed and a financial success, despite initially poor sales. On the album, he wrote the songs, made the beats and played guitar, keyboards, and bass. The album featured artists from diverse genres, including Mos Def, Jack White, Sean Paul, Nikka Costa, Nappy Roots and Rivers Cuomo. The best known song from the album, "Ooh Wee", samples "Sunny" by Boney M and features Nate Dogg, Ghostface Killah, Trife Da God, and Saigon. It was featured that year in the movie "Honey" and its soundtrack. The song was later used in the movies "Hitch" and "Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay". Two weeks after releasing "Here Comes the Fuzz", Elektra Records dropped him. Ronson has since produced multiple songs on the albums of singers Lamya, Macy Gray, Christina Aguilera, Amy Winehouse, Lily Allen, and Robbie Williams.
Ronson became one of the regular DJs at Justin Timberlake's New York club, Suede, when it opened in 2003.
In 2004, Ronson formed his own record label, Allido Records, a subsidiary of Sony BMG's J Records, along with his longtime manager Rich Kleiman. The first artist he signed to Allido was rapper Saigon, who later left to sign with Just Blaze's Fort Knox Entertainment. He has signed Rhymefest, most well known for winning the Grammy for co-writing Kanye West's "Jesus Walks".
2006–2009: "Version".
Ronson released a cover of The Smiths' track "Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before" under the title "Stop Me" on 2 April 2007, featuring singer Daniel Merriweather, which reached number 2 in the UK singles charts, the biggest hit for Ronson to date. Ronson remixed the Bob Dylan song "Most Likely You'll Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)" in promotion for the three disc Bob Dylan set titled "Dylan" released October 2007. Ronson has also produced Candie Payne's "One More Chance (Ronson mix)" in 2007.
The album has been well received by critics. In May 2007 it was awarded the title Album of the Month by the British dance music magazine, "Mixmag". On 23 June, the DJ made the cover of the "Guardian" newspaper's Guide magazine, alongside singer Lily Allen.
In June 2007, Ronson signed DC hip hop artist Wale to Allido Records. In late 2007, he focused on production, working with Daniel Merriweather on his debut album, and recording again with Amy Winehouse and Robbie Williams.
On 24 October 2007 Ronson performed a one-off set at The Roundhouse in Camden, London as part of the BBC Electric Proms 2007. The performance featured the BBC Concert Orchestra and included special guests Terry Hall, Sean Lennon, Tim Burgess, Alex Greenwald, Ricky Wilson, Charlie Waller, Adele and Kyle Falconer.
Ronson received a Grammy Award nomination in early December 2007 for 'Producer of the Year, Non Classical', along with Timbaland and Mike Elizondo. Ronson's work with Amy Winehouse also received substantial praise, gaining 6 nominations. "Back to Black", an album mostly produced by Ronson was nominated for 'Album of the Year' and 'Best Pop Vocal Album'. "Rehab" received nods for 'Best Female Pop Vocal Performance', 'Song of the Year' and 'Record of the Year'. Ronson would go on to win three Grammys for 'Producer of the Year' as well as 'Best Pop Vocal Album' and 'Record of the Year' (which he shared with Amy Winehouse) in early February 2008.
Ronson is credited as producer on a mixtape album called "Man in the Mirror", released in January 2008 by the rapper Rhymefest which is a tribute to the pop star Michael Jackson. The album features Rhymefest appearing to speak to Michael Jackson using archive audio from interviews with the pop star.
Later in January 2008, Ronson received three nominations for the Brit Awards, including 'Best Male Solo Artist', 'Best Album' ("Version") and 'Song of the Year' ("Valerie"). Ronson won his first Brit for 'Best Male Solo Artist' in mid February 2008 over favourite Mika. He also performed a medley of "God Put a Smile upon Your Face" with Adele, "Stop Me" with Daniel Merriweather and "Valerie" with Amy Winehouse.
The performance allowed for a large boost in sales in the iTunes UK Top 100. "Valerie" would jump almost 30 spots in the days after the event, while "Just", "Stop Me" and "Oh My God" all appeared in the chart as well. That same week, Ronson appeared twice in the UK Top 40, with "Valerie" rebounding to number 13 and "Just" at number 31, his fourth Top 40 hit from "Version". The Brits performance also allowed for "Version" to climb 18 spots to number 4.
Around this time, Ronson received his first number one on an international chart (Dutch Top 40) for "Valerie", which has spent four consecutive weeks at the top of the chart. He collaborated with Kaiser Chiefs on their third album.
Ronson has toured the album "Version" vigorously through both the UK and Europe during 2008. Notable sold out performances at The Hammersmith Apollo and Brixton Academy. Ronson is known to champion new upcoming artists on the road with him, such as Sam Sparro and Julian Perretta. Ronson's string backing was provided by the all-female string quartet Demon Strings. In May 2008, Ronson played at the largest private party in the world, the Trinity Ball in Trinity College Dublin.
On 2 July 2008 in Paris, Mark Ronson performed live with Duran Duran for an invited audience. They played new arrangements by Ronson of some Duran Duran songs, along with tracks from the band's new album, "Red Carpet Massacre". Ronson & the Version Players also performed songs from his album "Version". Simon LeBon sang. As of March 2009 Ronson was working with the group on their upcoming 13th album. The Album, titled "All You Need Is Now" was released digitally exclusively via Apple's iTunes on 21 December 2010.
2010–present: "Record Collection".
At the launch of his most recent Gucci pop-up store in London, Ronson confirmed the name of his new album "Record Collection", and said that he hoped to have it out by September 2010. Additionally, Ronson announced the name of his new band, "The Business Intl.'", which is the alias adopted by Ronson on the third studio album. The first single "Bang Bang Bang". which featured rapper Q-Tip and singer MNDR was released on 12 July 2010, where it peaked at number 6 on the UK Singles Chart, giving Ronson his fourth Top 10 hit. The single also saw success on the Irish Singles Chart, where it peaked at number 18. The second single from the album, "The Bike Song", was 19 September 2010 and features Kyle Falconer from The View and Spank Rock. The album was released on 27 September 2010. This is the first of Ronson's albums that he has sung on.
In 2010, Ronson was given a vocal track to a song titled "Lovely Way", sung by Michael Jackson, to produce for Jackson's posthumous album "Michael", although he never physically met Jackson. He submitted the track, but it did not make the track listing for "Michael". Ronson said about the rumours surrounding the vocals on the track (due to the controversy surrounding the Cascio tracks on that same album), "It was definitely him singing. I was given a vocal track to work with but I never actually met Michael. [...] It's in the vein of Elton John's 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road' and John Lennon's 'Imagine'."
Videos.
Ronson created a video, along with Directors Gary Breslin and Jordan Galland: Circuit Breaker, which is a Homage to video game "."
Personal life.
Ronson spends his time between London and New York. His stepfather is Mick Jones from Foreigner, who raised him from the age of seven.
In 2002, he began dating Quincy Jones's daughter, actress-singer Rashida Jones. They became engaged in March 2003, with Ronson proposing by creating a crossword puzzle with the message "Will you marry me".
Ronson became engaged to French actress and singer Joséphine de La Baume, who had previously appeared in the music video for "The Bike Song", in February 2011. They married in Aix-en-Provence, in the South of France, on 3 September 2011.
In 2009 he participated in PETA's "Please Don't Wear Any Fur" campaign. He was also voted the most stylish man in the UK by "GQ" magazine.
In 2011, a portrait of Ronson was painted by British artist Joe Simpson; the painting was exhibited around the UK, including a solo exhibition at The Royal Albert Hall.
Since childhood, he has been a fan of the New York Knicks.
Discography.
Singles.
"Notes":

</doc>
<doc id="2885154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885154" title="Sulcus sign">
Sulcus sign

The Sulcus sign is an orthopedic evaluation test for glenohumeral instability of the shoulder. With the arm straight and relaxed to the side of the patient, the elbow is grasped and traction is applied in an inferior direction. With excessive inferior translation, a depression occurs just below the acromion. The appearance of this sulcus is a positive sign.

</doc>
<doc id="2885159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885159" title="Michael Gallagher (journalist)">
Michael Gallagher (journalist)

Michael Gallagher (born c. 1958) was an investigative journalist for Gannett News Service. He joined the Cincinnati Enquirer in 1995, and reported and wrote an award-winning series the next year about problems with the cleanup of a uranium-processing plant.
On May 3, 1998, "The Enquirer" published an article, "Chiquita SECRETS Revealed"
, the Cincinnati-based fruit company formerly known as the United Fruit Company and then controlled by Carl Lindner. The articles, written by Gallagher and Cameron McWhirter, charged the company with mistreating the workers on its Central American plantations, polluting the environment, allowing cocaine to be brought to America on its ships, bribing foreign officials, evading foreign nations' laws on land ownership, forcibly preventing its workers from unionizing, and a host of other misdeeds. Chiquita denied all of the allegations, suing after it was revealed that one of the newspaper's reporters had hacked into Chiquita's voice-mail system. A special prosecutor was appointed to investigate; the elected district attorney having accepted contributions from Lindner. On June 28, 1998, "The Enquirer" retracted the entire series of stories and published a front-page apology in which it announced that it had found Gallagher had lied about obtaining the voicemails from a Chiquita executive. It also paid the company a multi-million dollar settlement. ("The Columbia Journalism Review" would report both $14 million and $50 million for the amount.)
Gallagher had been fired two days earlier, and later that fall pleaded guilty to criminal charges of unlawfully tapping into Chiquita's voicemail. Editor Lawrence Beaupre was transferred to Gannett headquarters for not following the paper's fact-checking procedures. While Chiquita has never formally challenged any of the claims raised by Gallagher's articles, it reportedly persuaded the Securities and Exchange Commission to stop an investigation into the company's practices sparked by the investigation.
In an article examining the Chiquita series, Salon.com said the "Chiquita Secrets Revealed" series "presents a damning, carefully documented array of charges, most of them 'untainted' by those purloined executive voice mails."

</doc>
<doc id="2885160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885160" title="Admiral Hipper-class cruiser">
Admiral Hipper-class cruiser

The "Admiral Hipper"-class was a group of five heavy cruisers built by Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" in the mid-1930s. The class comprised "Admiral Hipper", the lead ship, "Blücher", "Prinz Eugen", "Seydlitz", and "Lützow". Only the first three ships of the class were completed to see action during World War II. Work on "Seydlitz" stopped when she was approximately 95 percent complete; it was decided to convert her into an aircraft carrier, but this was not completed either. "Lützow" was sold incomplete to the Soviet Union in 1940.
"Admiral Hipper" and "Blücher" took part in Operation "Weserübung", the invasion of Norway in April 1940. "Blücher" was sunk by Norwegian coastal defenses outside Oslo while "Admiral Hipper" led the attack on Trondheim. She then conducted sorties into the Atlantic to attack Allied merchant shipping. In 1942, she was deployed to northern Norway to attack shipping to the Soviet Union, culminating in the Battle of the Barents Sea in December 1942, where she was damaged by British cruisers. "Prinz Eugen" saw her first action during Operation "Rheinübung" with the battleship "Bismarck". She eventually returned to Germany during the Channel Dash in 1942, after which she too went to Norway. After being torpedoed by a British submarine, she returned to Germany for repairs. "Admiral Hipper" while decommissioned after returning to Germany in early 1943, was partially repaired and recommissioned in the fall of 1944 for a refugee transport mission in 1945. Only "Prinz Eugen" continued to serve in full commission and stayed in the Baltic until the end of the war.
"Admiral Hipper" was scuttled in Kiel in May 1945, leaving "Prinz Eugen" as the only member of the class to survive the war. She was ceded to the US Navy, which ultimately expended the ship in the Operation Crossroads nuclear tests in 1946. "Seydlitz" was towed to Königsberg and scuttled before the advancing Soviet Army could seize the ship. She was ultimately raised and broken up for scrap. "Lützow", renamed "Petropavlovsk", remained unfinished when the Germans invaded the Soviet Union. The ship provided artillery support against advancing German forces until she was sunk in September 1941. She was raised a year later and repaired enough to participate in the campaign to relieve the Siege of Leningrad in 1944. She served on in secondary roles until the 1950s, when she was broken up.
Design.
Development.
Article 181 of the Treaty of Versailles limited the German Reichsmarine to six battleships of the " or types" and six old light cruisers. These obsolete ships could not be replaced until they were at least twenty years old, and their replacements could displace no more than and , respectively. In February 1922, the major naval powers signed the Washington Naval Treaty; Germany was not invited to attend, but she would be held to the same qualitative limitations as the signatories. By the early 1920s, the cruisers of the Reichsmarine were old enough to permit replacement; the three "Königsberg" class cruisers and "Leipzig" were built in the middle of the decade.
The 1930 London Naval Treaty formally divided cruiser types into two categories: heavy cruisers, armed with guns, and light cruisers, armed with guns. The Treaty of Versailles still prohibited Germany from building heavy cruisers, but the rise of Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party to power in 1933 led to the formal rejection of the Treaty of Versailles. After pulling out of the Geneva Conference in 1933, Hitler argued that if the other European powers did not disarm to parity with Germany, they should accept German rearmament. The German navy, renamed the Kriegsmarine on 21 May 1935, was now free to pursue rearmament. Germany concluded the Anglo-German Naval Agreement with Great Britain, which set German naval strength at a ratio of 35% of the size of the Royal Navy. This permitted Germany to build of heavy cruisers, enough for five 10,000-ton ships.
The design for the first three of the five "Admiral Hipper" class ships was prepared in 1934–1935. "Seydlitz" and "Lützow" were initially designed as light cruisers; their design was prepared in 1934–1936. These last two ships were to be armed with four triple turrets housing guns, as opposed to the four twin guns on the first three ships. The "light cruisers" were otherwise planned to follow the same particulars as their three "heavy" half-sisters. On 14 November 1936, the Navy decided to complete the final two ships identically to the other members of the class.
General characteristics.
The ships of the "Admiral Hipper" class varied slightly in size. "Admiral Hipper" was long at the waterline and overall. After the installation of a clipper bow during fitting out, her overall length increased to . The ship had a beam of . "Blücher" was long at the waterline and overall; with the clipper bow, her overall length was . Her beam was . Both ships had a designed draft of and a full load draft of . "Prinz Eugen" was at the waterline and long overall; with the clipper bow, her overall length was . Her beam was and a draft of standard and 7.2 m at full load. "Seydlitz" and "Lützow" were long overall, with beams of and drafts of standard and at full load. "Admiral Hipper" and "Blücher" had a designed displacement of and a full load displacement of . "Prinz Eugen"s displacement increased slightly, to designed and full load. "Seydlitz" and "Lützow" grew heavier still, at designed and full load.
The ships' hulls were constructed from longitudinal steel frames. The hulls were divided into fourteen watertight compartments and a double bottom that extended for 72 percent of the length of the keel. The Kriegsmarine regarded the ships as good sea boats, with gentle motion. At low speed, however, they were affected unpredictably by wind and currents. The ships heeled up to fourteen degrees and lost up to 50% speed with the rudder hard over at high speed. The ships had a standard complement of 42 officers and 1,340 enlisted men. Wartime modifications increased the crew to 51 officers and 1,548 sailors. The ships carried several smaller vessels, including two picket boats, two barges, one launch, one pinnace, and two dinghies.
Machinery.
The "Admiral Hipper"-class ships were powered by three sets of geared steam turbines. "Admiral Hipper"s and "Blücher"s engines were built by Blohm & Voss, while "Prinz Eugen"s turbines were built by Germaniawerft. The turbines installed on "Seydlitz"s and "Lützow"s engines were manufactured by Deschimag. Steam was provided in the first three ships by twelve ultra-high pressure boilers. "Seydlitz" and "Lützow" were equipped with nine double-ended high-pressure boilers. "Admiral Hipper"s and "Prinz Eugen"s boilers were manufactured by Wagner, while the boilers for the other three ships were built by La Mont.
Each turbine drove a three-bladed screw in diameter. The ships' engines were rated at for a top speed of . They carried of fuel oil as designed, though the ships could carry up to . At a cruising speed of , the ships had a maximum range of .
Steering was controlled by a single rudder. "Admiral Hipper" and "Blücher" were equipped with three electricity plants with four diesel generators and six turbo-generators each; the diesel generators supplied 150 kW apiece, four of the six turbo-generators provided 460 kW, and the final pair provided 230 kW. Total electrical output was 2900 kW. "Prinz Eugen", "Seydlitz", and "Lützow" were equipped with three 150 kW diesel generators, four 460 kW turbo-generators, one 230 kW turbo-generator, and one 150 kW AC generator, for a total of 2870 kW. All five ships' electrical plants operated at 220 volts.
Armament.
The three completed ships were armed with eight 20.3 cm SK C/34 naval gun SK C/34 guns in four twin turrets. The ships were supplied with between 960 and 1,280 rounds of ammunition, or 120 to 160 rounds per gun. The guns were mounted in Drh LC/34 turrets, which enabled depression to −10° and elevation to 37°. At maximum elevation, the gun could reach out to . It fired a projectile at a muzzle velocity of . The projectiles included armor piercing shells, base-fuzed and nose-fuzed high explosive (HE) warheads. Each ship was also supplied with 40 illumination rounds that weighed and had a muzzle velocity of . The four gun turrets built for "Seydlitz" were emplaced as coastal artillery pieces in the Atlantic Wall. Only the two forward turrets had been installed on "Lützow" when she was delivered to the Soviet Union.
The ships' heavy anti-aircraft battery consisted of twelve SK C/33 guns in twin mountings. These guns were supplied with a total of 4,800 rounds of ammunition. The mounts were the Dopp LC/31 type, originally designed for earlier SK C/31 guns. The LC/31 mounting was triaxially-stabilized and capable of elevating to 80°. This enabled the guns to engage targets up to a ceiling of . Against surface targets, the guns had a maximum range of . The guns fired fixed ammunition weighing ; the guns could fire HE and HE incendiary rounds, as well as illumination shells.
Close-range anti-aircraft weaponry initially consisted of twelve SK C/30 guns and eight Flak 38 guns. The 3.7 cm gun was a single-shot gun, with a rate of fire of around 30 rounds per minute. At its maximum elevation of 85°, the gun had a ceiling of . The 2 cm gun was a magazine-fed automatic weapon, firing at up to 500 rounds per minute. Twenty and forty-round magazines were supplied for the guns; The guns were supplied with 16,000 rounds of ammunition. Later in the war, the light anti-aircraft batteries for "Admiral Hipper" and "Prinz Eugen" were modified. Four 3.7 cm guns were removed and the number of 2 cm guns had increased to twenty-eight. In 1944, "Prinz Eugen"s 3.7 cm guns were replaced by fifteen Flak 28 guns. By 1945, the ship's light anti-aircraft battery comprised twenty 4 cm guns and eighteen 2 cm guns; "Admiral Hipper" mounted sixteen 4 cm guns and fourteen 2 cm guns.
The ships' armament was rounded out by twelve torpedo tubes; they were mounted in four triple launchers on the ships' main deck. The ships carried twenty-four G7a torpedoes, twelve loaded in the tubes and one reload for each. The G7a torpedo carried a warhead. It had three speed settings; in 1939, it could reach at , at , and at , its maximum speed setting. The radial engine was improved during the war, which improved performance. The ranges increased to , , and , respectively. "Admiral Hipper" also carried 96 EMC mines; these mines were contact mines and had a 300 kg explosive charge.
Armor.
The five "Admiral Hipper" class ships were protected by Krupp steel armor, of both "Wotan Hart" and "Wotan Weich" types. The ships had two armored decks to protect the ship from vertical attacks. The upper deck was thick amidships to protect the ships' vitals. At either end, the deck was reduced to thickness. The bow and stern was not protected by deck armor. The main armored deck was thick. Both decks were "Wotan Hart" steel. The main armored belt was thick amidships and reduced to thick aft. An interior 20 mm thick torpedo bulkhead protected the ships' vitals from underwater attack.
The ships' main battery turrets were protected with thick faces and 70 mm thick sides. Their roofs were also 70 mm thick. The 10.5 cm guns were equipped with thick gun shields. The forward conning tower had thick sides and a thick roof. The rear conning tower was significantly less well armored, with only splinter protection. Their sides were 30 mm thick with a 20 mm thick roof. The anti-aircraft fire directors were also given splinter protection, with thick shields.
Construction.
"Admiral Hipper" ordered as "H", as a replacement for the light cruiser . She was laid down at the Blohm & Voss shipyard in Hamburg under construction number 501, on 6 July 1935. She was launched on 6 February 1937 and fitting out work was completed two years later in April 1939; the ship was commissioned into the Kriegsmarine on 29 April 1939. "Blücher", ordered as "G" to replace , was built by the Deutsche Werke shipyard in Kiel, under construction number 246. Her keel was laid on 15 August 1936 and launched 8 June 1937. Work on the ship was finished by 20 September 1939, the day she was commissioned into the Kriegsmarine. "Prinz Eugen", the last ship of the class to be completed, was ordered from the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel as "J" under construction number 564. She was laid down on 23 April 1936 and launched on 22 August 1938. She was commissioned into the Kriegsmarine on 1 August 1940.
"Seydlitz" and "Lützow" were both built by the Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau shipyard in Bremen; "Seydlitz" was ordered as "K", under construction number 940, and "Lützow" was ordered as "L" under construction number 941. "Seydlitz" was laid down on 29 December 1936 and "Lützow" followed her on 2 August 1937. The ships were launched on 19 January 1939 and 1 July 1939, respectively. Work ceased on "Seydlitz" when she was approximately 95 percent complete. In October 1939, the Soviet Union approached Germany with a request to purchase the then unfinished "Prinz Eugen", "Seydlitz", and "Lützow", along with plans for German capital ships, naval artillery, and other naval technology. The Kriegsmarine denied the request for "Seydlitz" and "Prinz Eugen", but agreed to sell "Lützow".
Service history.
"Admiral Hipper".
"Admiral Hipper" led the assault on Trondheim during Operation "Weserübung"; while en route to her objective, she sank the British destroyer . In December 1940, she broke out into the Atlantic Ocean to operate against Allied merchant shipping, though this operation ended without significant success. In February 1941, "Admiral Hipper" sortied again, sinking several merchant vessels before eventually returning to Germany via the Denmark Strait. The ship was then transferred to northern Norway to participate in operations against convoys to the Soviet Union, culminating in the Battle of the Barents Sea on 31 December 1942, where she was damaged and forced to withdraw by the light cruisers and .
Enraged by the defeat at the battle, Adolf Hitler ordered the majority of the surface warships scrapped, though Admiral Karl Dönitz was able to convince Hitler to retain the surface fleet. As a result, "Admiral Hipper" was returned to Germany and decommissioned for repairs. The ship was never restored to operational status, however, and on 3 May 1945, Royal Air Force bombers severely damaged "Admiral Hipper" while she was in Kiel. Her crew scuttled the ship at her moorings, and in July 1945, she was raised and towed to Heikendorfer Bay. She was ultimately broken up for scrap in 1948–1952; her bell resides in the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich.
"Blücher".
Following her commissioning in November 1939, "Blücher" conducted a series of sea trials and training exercises in the Baltic, which lasted until March 1940. She was pronounced ready for service with the fleet on 5 April 1940. Assigned to Group 5 during the invasion of Norway in April 1940, the ship served as "Konteradmiral" Oskar Kummetz's flagship. The ship led the flotilla of warships into the Oslofjord on the night of 8 April, to seize Oslo, the capital of Norway. Three old coastal guns in the Oscarsborg Fortress engaged the ship at very close range, scoring several damaging hits. Two torpedoes fired by land-based torpedo batteries struck the ship, causing serious damage. A major fire broke out aboard "Blücher", which could not be contained. After a magazine explosion, the ship slowly capsized and sank, with major loss of life.
The wreck remains on the bottom of the Oslofjord; several salvage attempts were considered after 1963, but none were carried out. The ship's screws were removed in 1953 and divers removed over of fuel oil from the ship's bunkers in 1994, though oil from unaccessible fuel tanks is still leaking from the sunken ship. At the time the divers removed the oil, they also recovered one of her Ar 196 floatplanes, which is preserved in Stavanger.
"Prinz Eugen".
"Prinz Eugen" saw extensive action during Operation Rheinübung, an attempted breakout into the Atlantic Ocean with the battleship "Bismarck" in May 1941. The two ships engaged the British battlecruiser and battleship in the Battle of Denmark Strait, during which "Hood" was destroyed and "Prince of Wales" was severely damaged. "Prinz Eugen" was detached from "Bismarck" during the operation to raid Allied merchant shipping, but this was cut short due to engine troubles. After putting into occupied France and undergoing repairs, the ship participated in Operation Cerberus, a daring daylight dash through the English Channel back to Germany. In February 1942, "Prinz Eugen" was deployed to Norway, although her time stationed there was cut short when she was torpedoed by the British submarine days after arriving in Norwegian waters. The torpedo severely damaged the ship's stern, which necessitated repairs in Germany.
Upon returning to active service, the ship spent several months training new officer cadets in the Baltic before serving as artillery support to the retreating German Army on the Eastern Front. After the German collapse in May 1945, the ship was surrendered to the British Royal Navy before being transferred to the US Navy as a war prize. After examining the ship in the United States, the US Navy assigned the cruiser to the Operation Crossroads nuclear tests in the Bikini Atoll. After surviving both atomic blasts, "Prinz Eugen" was towed to Kwajalein Atoll where she ultimately capsized and sank in December 1946. The wreck remains partially visible above the water; one of her screws was salvaged and is on display at the Laboe Naval Memorial in Germany.
"Seydlitz".
At the time construction on "Seydlitz" was halted, she was approximately 95 percent complete. The unfinished ship remained inactive until March 1942, when the Kriegsmarine decided to pursue aircraft carriers over surface combatants. "Seydlitz" was among the vessels chosen for conversion into auxiliary aircraft carriers. Renamed "Weser", conversion work began on the ship in May 1942. The majority of the superstructure was cut away, with the exception of the funnel, to prepare for the installation of a flight deck and an aircraft hangar. In total, approximately of material from the ship was removed.
As a carrier, the ship was to have had a complement of ten Bf 109 fighters and ten Ju 87 dive-bombers. She would have been armed with an anti-aircraft battery of ten 10.5 cm SK C/33 guns in dual mounts, ten 3.7 cm SK C/30 guns in dual mounts, and twenty-four 2 cm Flak 38 guns in quadruple mounts. Conversion work was halted in June 1943, however, and the incomplete vessel was towed to Königsberg where she was eventually scuttled on 29 January 1945. The ship was seized by the advancing Soviet Army and was briefly considered for cannibalization for spare parts to complete her sistership "Lützow", which had been purchased by the Soviet Navy before the war. This plan was also abandoned, and the ship was broken up for scrap.
"Lützow".
In October 1939, the Soviet Union requested the purchase of the incomplete "Lützow" in October 1939. After a series of negotiations, the Kriegsmarine agreed to the sale in February 1940, at the price of 150 million Reichsmarks. The transfer was completed on 15 April. The vessel was still incomplete when sold to the Soviet Union, with only half of her main battery of eight guns installed and much of the superstructure missing. Renamed "Petropavlovsk" in September 1940, work on the ship was effected by a German-advised Soviet shipyard in Leningrad. Still unfinished when Germany invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941, the ship briefly took part in the defense of Leningrad by providing artillery support to the Soviet defenders. She was sunk by German artillery in September 1941 and raised a year later in September 1942. After repairs were effected, the ship was renamed "Tallinn" and used in the Soviet counter-offensive that relieved Leningrad in 1944. After the end of the war, the ship was used as a stationary training platform and as a floating barracks before being broken up for scrap sometime between 1953 and 1960.
Notes.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="2885167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885167" title="Shasta McNasty">
Shasta McNasty

Shasta McNasty (later retitled Shasta) is an American sitcom that aired on UPN during the 1999-2000 season. The show was created by Jeff Eastin and produced by Eastin and Neal H. Moritz. The show starred Carmine Giovinazzo, Jake Busey, Dale Godboldo, Jolie Jenkins, and Verne Troyer.
Although "Shasta McNasty" premiered with less-than-favorable reviews from critics, the program was nominated for a People's Choice Award for best new comedy.
Plotline.
"Shasta McNasty" focused on three friends — Scott, Dennis and Randy — who are part of the rap rock band - Shasta McNasty. After signing to Da Funk Records, the three friends relocate from Chicago to LA where they find out that the label has gone bust. Keeping their advance money that they'd been given, they rent an apartment in Venice Beach where they share a kitchen with their next door neighbor Diana. The first half of the series focused on the band their landlord, odd jobbing to make rent and generally getting up to mischief, while the second half of the season focused on them working at the local bar for their friend Vern, hoping to get signed by a label again and the developing relationship between Scott and Diana.
A sneak preview of the series after UPN's highly rated "WWF SmackDown!" drew 4.52 million viewers. However, when the series was moved to its scheduled 8 p.m. timeslot, ratings dropped. Halfway through the first season, UPN shortened the show's title to "Shasta", and the series was canceled after its first season.

</doc>
<doc id="2885170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885170" title="Karma Triyana Dharmachakra">
Karma Triyana Dharmachakra

Karma Triyana Dharmachakra is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Woodstock, New York, USA, which serves as the North American seat of the 17th Gyalwa Karmapa, head of the Karma Kagyu lineage. It was founded in 1976 by the 16th Gyalwa Karmapa with Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche as abbot. This is a position which he has continued to hold . The
Third Bardor Tulku Rinpoche stayed in the United States to help Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche and Mr. Tenzin Chonyi establish and develop Karma Triyana Dharmachakra.

</doc>
<doc id="2885171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885171" title="Merchant seaman">
Merchant seaman

A merchant seaman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885174" title="Agricultural gang">
Agricultural gang

Agricultural gangs historically, groups of women, girls and boys organized by an independent gang-master, under whose supervision they executed agricultural piece-work for farmers in certain parts of England. They were sometimes called "public gangs" to distinguish them from "private gangs", consisting of workers engaged by the farmer himself, and undertaking work solely for him, under his own supervision or under that of one of his men.
The system was long prevalent in the counties of Cambridgeshire, Huntingdonshire, Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, and in a much modified form in The Fens, which lies within some of those counties. The practice dates from the latter years of the reign of George III, when the low-lying, marshy lands surrounding the basin of the wash were being rapidly drained and converted into rich alluvial districts.
The unreformed condition of the Poor Law, under which the support of the poor fell upon each individual parish, instead of a union of parishes, made landlords reluctant to erect cottages on the reclaimed land for the benefit of their tenants. Labour had to be obtained for the cultivation of these new lands. Women, girls and boys, being cheaper than men to employ, consequently made up the majority. The tendency to moral and physical ruin resulting from this nomadic life was so great that an inquiry into the condition of agricultural child labour was included in the reference to the commission on child-labour appointed in 1862, and the results were so startling that the "Agricultural Gangs Act" was passed in 1867, forbidding the employment of any child under eight years old, and of any female under a male gangmaster, unless a female licensed to act as gangmistress were also present.

</doc>
<doc id="2885177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885177" title="Physical Training Instructor">
Physical Training Instructor

Physical Training Instructor (PTI) is a term used primarily in the British Armed Forces and British police, as well as some other Commonwealth countries, for an instructor in physical fitness.
United Kingdom.
In the British Army, the specialist instructors of the Royal Army Physical Training Corps oversee physical training and manage military gymnasiums and are attached to individual units. They are assisted by All Arm Physical Training Instructors (AAPTIs), previously known as Assistant Physical Training Instructors (APTIs), who are qualified, but are not specialists, have other jobs within the unit, and are not drawn from the RAPTC. The PTI badge consists of crossed swords.
Physical training instructors in the Royal Navy are officially titled Physical Trainers and are known as "club swingers" or "clubs" from the crossed clubs they wear as a rate badge. In the Royal Air Force, the PTI badge consists of crossed swords with an eagle in the centre.
New Zealand.
The New Zealand Defence Force also employs Physical Training Instructors, who bear the same symbols as their British counterparts. The New Zealand Army Physical Training Corps (NZAPTC) wear the crossed swords, the Royal New Zealand Navy wear the crossed clubs, and the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) wear the clubs and arms. In January 2010, the RNZAF amalgamated the Physical Training Instructor trade with the Air Security trade and renamed it Force Protection. Force Protection personnel specialise in one of three areas: Ground Defence, Security and Investigations, or Physical Training. Physical Training qualified personnel are classified as Force Protection Physical Training Specialists (FP(PT)). The NZ Army and RNZN PTIs remain in their traditional name and structure.
RNZAF PTIs utilise the motto "Mens Sana In Corpore Sano", which roughly translates as "a healthy mind in a healthy body".

</doc>
<doc id="2885185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885185" title="Kendo Nagasaki">
Kendo Nagasaki

Kendo Nagasaki is a professional wrestling stage name, used as a gimmick of that of a Japanese Samurai warrior with a mysterious past and even supernatural powers of hypnosis. The name derives from the modern martial art of Japanese fencing (Kendo), and Nagasaki is the name of a city on the south-western coast of Kyūshū, site of the second use of the atomic bomb.
Although the masked British version portrayed by Peter Thornley remains a household name in his home country, most American and Japanese wrestling fans primarily associate the name "Kendo Nagasaki" and related imagery with the face-painted version portrayed by Kazuo Sakurada. The success of both Thornley and Sakurada has spawned an assortment of other wrestlers with characters inspired by - or simply impersonating - the gimmick.
Peter Thornley.
The original and most well known use of the gimmick is by the legendary British wrestler who made his name in ITV's "World of Sport". This version of the Nagasaki character dates back to November 1964. and became a household name in Britain after his TV debut in 1971. He also toured Japan in 1968 (under the alternative ringname Mr Guillotine) and North America in 1972, wrestling for Stu Hart's Stampede Wrestling where he held the promotion's North American title and Don Owen's Pacific Northwest Wrestling. Back home in Britain, he achieved even greater fame due to his 1975-1977 feud with the tag team of future mutual archenemies Big Daddy and Giant Haystacks, as well as his December 1977 televised voluntary unmasking ceremony. 
After retiring in 1978, he briefly came back in 1981 before returning more permanently in 1986 as lead heel of All Star Wrestling during their brief two years of TV coverage. This triggered a second period of major success continuing even after the end of wrestling on ITV until Nagasaki retired again in 1993. Since that time, he has made further comebacks with All Star Wrestling in 2000-2001 and LDN Wrestling in 2008.
Kazuo Sakurada.
A Japanese wrestler named Kazuo Sakurada also used a variation of the gimmick in the United States during the early 1980s. Before adopting the gimmick, Sakurada, like Thornley, had wrestled for Stampede and held the North American title there. This version of Nagasaki would wrestle in the American Wrestling Association, Florida Championship Wrestling (where he was managed by James J. Dillon), World Wrestling Council in Puerto Rico and Continental Wrestling Federation before going on to wrestle on WCW television, changing his ring name to The Dragonmaster and joining the J-Tex Corporation stable. 
Like Thornley, Sakurada wore a Kendo men to the ring. Unlike the British original, Sakurada wore face paint instead of a mask and carried a kendo stick rather than a sword. Sakurada also used Asian mist as part of his repertoire.
Other versions.
A year after Thornley's original retirement in 1978, a lighter wrestler named Kendo Nagasaki II briefly wrestled for Joint Promotions.
Also in the late 1970s, wrestler Bill Clarke appeared on shows by UK independent promoter Sandor Kovaks as a version of Kendo Nagasaki modelled directly on Thornley's character. Following considerable legal action by Thornley, Clarke was later renamed as King Kendo but retained the Kendo helmet, sword, cape and striped mask. In this guise, Clarke would later wrestle Thornley in a series of loser-lose-mask battles of the Kendos for All Star Wrestling circa 1981. Still as King Kendo, Clarke would later join Joint Promotions as a journeyman heel, making several appearances on television and frequently wrestling in tag matches against Big Daddy, including teaming with Mal Kirk on the night Kirk died in the ring in 1987. Clarke and Thornley were scheduled to have a fresh feud in All Star Wrestling in 1993 with the authentic Nagasaki's manager Lloyd Ryan defecting to King Kendo's side, but this was abandoned when Thornley retired for the second time, with Clarke also retiring soon after.
Following Clarke's retirement, another wrestler Dale Preston took over the role of King Kendo, wearing Clarke's original costume and still managed by Ryan. During the mid-1990s, this version of King Kendo was frequently in the main event of All Star shows pitted in reenactments of successful feuds in which Thornley's Kendo had been involved, such as against Giant Haystacks. Since 2012, Preston has revived the character for the Norwich-based World Association of Wrestling (WAW) in which he is now a major heel.
Also in the early 1990s, Jim Cornette's Smokey Mountain Wrestling featured a masked samurai character named Kendo The Samurai managed by Daryl Van Horne. This was initially portrayed by Tim Horner but was later played by other wrestlers including Scott Antol and Brian Logan.
In 1996, Japanese wrestler Tokimitsu Ishizawa became the masked Kendo Kashin while wrestling for the CWA in Germany and Austria. He would later take the gimmick back home to Japan where he has achieved considerable success, including various championships, as the character.

</doc>
<doc id="2885213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885213" title="Aham">
Aham

Aham is a municipality in the district of Landshut in Bavaria in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2885221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885221" title="Joaquín Vara del Rey y Rubio">
Joaquín Vara del Rey y Rubio

Joaquín Vara de Rey y Rubio (1840 – July 1, 1898) was a career Spanish officer. He is best known for leading the stubborn defence of El Caney against a massively superior American army during the Spanish-American War.
Military career.
Vara de Rey was born in Ibiza in 1840. He graduated as a second lieutenant from the "Colegio General", rising to the rank of first lieutenant in 1862. He fought against uprisings in Cartagena and Valencia and against the Carlists in the Carlist Wars. He requested a transfer to the Philippines in 1884 and remained there until 1890, serving as Captain General of the Philippines and governor of the Mariana Islands. 
In 1895, Vara de Rey volunteered for service in Cuba. He commanded the Spanish forces at Bayamo and led his regiment to victory at the Battle of Loma de Gato in which the Spaniards killed revolutionary leader José Maceo, brother of Antonio Maceo Grajales. 
On July 1, 1898, Brigadier General Joaquín Vara de Rey, with only 550 men and no artillery, heroically defended El Caney for ten hours against a U.S. army 12,000 strong and better armed. Vara de Rey lost two sons in the battle and was himself mortally wounded in the fighting; only 84 Spanish soldiers survived unscathed. 
Impressed by his generalship, U.S. troops buried Vara de Rey with full military honours. American accounts of the campaign praised the "magnificent courage" of Vara de Rey's soldiers and described the man as "an incomparable leader; a heroic soul." Vara de Rey's remains were repatriated to Spain in November 1898 with American cooperation. He was posthumously awarded the Laureate Cross of Saint Ferdinand, Spain's highest military decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="2885226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885226" title="Jorma Katrama">
Jorma Katrama

Jorma Kalevi Katrama (born 1936) is a Finnish instrumentalist, specializing in violin and double bass.
He studied violin and, later, double bass at the Sibelius Academy and was the first in Finland to be granted a diploma in double bass. From 1964 to 1967 he studied with Gaston Logerot in Paris. In 1966 he made his debut with the Helsinki Phiharmonic Orchestra, and gave his debut recital two years later in Helsinki.
Katrama has given recitals and appeared as soloist in Scandinavia, France, Germany, Italy, Great Britain, the United States, Estonia, Russia, South Korea and Taiwan.
He has been a jury member at many international competitions (Rome, Parma, Cremona, Geneve, Mittenwald, Markneukirchen, Reims,Edinburh,Crema).
Katrama became a member of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra in 1959, and was its principal bassist from 1967 until 1999; he is currently retired from the orchestra. He teaches at Sibelius Academy; additionally, he regularly holds master classes all over the world and has established the Finnish Double Bass Society.
Katrama has recorded 6 solo albums which are very popular and have gained high critical acclaimn. Katrama´s playing has been described such as:
"Double bass like a Nightingale" (Helsingin Sanomat), "The tone is liquid sunshine" (ISB Magazine).
Honorary memberships: Finnish Doublebass Society, Scottish Bass Trust, Kyushu Bass Club, Danish Doublebass Club, Musician Union of Finland
Outside the bass-playing Katrama builds 17th century wooden ship modells and ships in bottles. He holds a licence in scuba diving and he loves to play Highland pipes.
He has also established the Finnish Piping Society "The Midnight Sun Pipers".

</doc>
<doc id="2885229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885229" title="Teterow">
Teterow

Teterow () is a town of Germany, in the district of Rostock, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. It is the geographical center of this federal state. It had a population of 8,852 in 2011.
The Teterower See is a lake in the north-east of the town.
History.
The "Stadtkirche St. Peter und Paul" (St. Peter and St. Paul's Church), was built in 1215 in Late Romanesque and Gothic style.
There are two remaining gates of the ancient city wall: the 14th-century "Malchiner Tor" (today the seat of the museum of local history), and the "Rostocker Tor".
The "Marktplatz" (Market Square), with the Town Hall, was built in 1910 in Neo-Baroque style.

</doc>
<doc id="2885233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885233" title="Menidi, Aetolia-Acarnania">
Menidi, Aetolia-Acarnania

Menidi (Greek: Μενίδι) is a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Amfilochia, of which it is a municipal unit. It is located by the Ambracian Gulf. Its economy is based on tourism and agriculture. It was built in the 1950s under an official government plan to house victims of the Greek Civil War and other families who did not own houses. Today is a popular destination for Greek and foreign tourists.
Subdivisions.
The municipal unit Menidi is subdivided into the following communities (constituent villages in brackets):

</doc>
<doc id="2885240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885240" title="Karl Twitchell">
Karl Twitchell

Karl Twitchell was an American mining engineer.
He surveyed for minerals in Saudi Arabia, for King 'Abd al-'Aziz. He then worked for Charles Richard Crane, looking for places to drill for water in Yemen. He decided there were no aquifers but saw the potential for oil drilling.
He first struck oil in Bahrain, which gave him a good inkling that there would be oil in Saudi Arabia due to its close proximity (12 miles).
Twitchell's discovery opened the way for the partnership that eventually came to be known as the Arabian American oil company—Aramco.

</doc>
<doc id="2885241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885241" title="The Fun of Watching Fireworks">
The Fun of Watching Fireworks

The Fun of Watching Fireworks was the debut album by The American Analog Set. It was released on August 20, 1996 on Emperor Jones records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885245" title="Laura Rockefeller Chasin">
Laura Rockefeller Chasin

Laura Spelman Rockefeller (born 1936) is an American phanthropist. She is the eldest child of Laurance Spelman Rockefeller (1910–2004) and Mary French (1910–1997), and a fourth generation member of the Rockefeller family. She has two younger sisters, Marion and Lucy, and a younger brother, Laurance Jr. (Larry). Her patrilineal great-grandfather was Standard Oil's co-founder John D. Rockefeller and her matrilineal great-grandfather was Frederick H. Billings, a president of Northern Pacific Railway. Both of her grandmothers, Mary Billings French and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, were founders of YWCA USA.
Raised in New York City, she graduated from the Brearley School in Manhattan and Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut. She received a B.A. "magna cum laude" in Art History from Bryn Mawr College, an M.A. in Government from Harvard University, and an M.S.W. from Simmons College (Massachusetts) School of Social Work. She trained in couple and family therapy and psychodrama.
In 1956 she married James H. Case, with whom she had three children and whom she later divorced. In 1971, she married psychiatrist Richard Chasin, who had three children from prior marriages. A leader in family therapy, he was president of the American Family Therapy Academy and an Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. He served for 12 years as president of the Rockefeller Family Fund and was a trustee of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund. The Chasins currently reside in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Ms. Chasin has served on the boards of the Rockefeller Family Fund, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, and Spelman College. She has also served on the boards of the Children's Defense Fund, the Conflict Management Group, and the Institute for Faith and Politics, and on the steering committee of the Common Ground Network for Life and Choice. She has been described as a radical centrist thinker and activist.
She is best known as the founder, former executive director and current board chair of the Public Conversations Project in Watertown, Massachusetts. This non-profit organization fosters constructive conversations about divisive public issues that involve clashing values, world views, and identities. PCP's methods are designed to dissolve stereotypes, create trust, generate fresh ideas, and promote collaboration among those who have been chronically embattled. She also works closely with No Labels and the National Institute for Civil Discourse, founded after the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.

</doc>
