<doc id="2856526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856526" title="United States Senate election in Maryland, 2006">
United States Senate election in Maryland, 2006

The 2006 United States Senate election in Maryland was held on Tuesday, November 7, 2006. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Paul Sarbanes, Maryland's longest serving United States Senator, decided to retire instead of seeking a sixth term. Democratic nominee Ben Cardin won the open seat.
Democratic primary.
Campaign.
Kweisi Mfume, a former congressman and NAACP President, was the first to announce for the position, in March 2005. Ben Cardin, then a congressman since 1987, was the only other major candidate until September 2005, when Dennis F. Rasmussen, a former Baltimore County Executive, American University professor Allan Lichtman, and wealthy Potomac businessman Josh Rales entered the contest. Thirteen other candidates subsequently also entered the primary. As of August 2006, Cardin had raised more than $4.8 million and collected endorsements from a number of Democratic politicians, the AFL-CIO, and "The Washington Post"; Mfume had raised over $1.2 million and collected endorsements from the Maryland State Teachers Association, Progressive Maryland, former Maryland Governor Parris Glendening, the National Organization for Women, and Maryland Congressmen Elijah Cummings and Al Wynn.
On August 31, 2006, Maryland Public Television (MPT) and the League of Women Voters (LWV) sponsored a debate between the two leading Democratic Primary Candidates. The LWV of Maryland and MPT arbitrarily excluded most of the FEC qualified candidates from the only televised debates in the primary election. There were 18 candidates in this race, only 2, Ben Cardin and Kweisi Mfume, were allowed to debate, despite the strenuous protests of the excluded candidates. Lichtman, Rales, and Rasmussen petitioned MPT and LWV for inclusion in the debate, but received no response. On the day of the debate, Lichtman, his wife, and a campaign aide were arrested for trespassing while protesting during the taping of the debate. They were found not guilty on all charges. The judge in the case said it should never have been brought to court and was a gross violation of the parties' constitutional rights.
Republican primary.
Campaign.
Michael S. Steele was expected to win the Republican primary, and the Baltimore Sun wrote the month before that he faced "only nominal opposition". Among a field of nine other candidates, the only Republican receiving sufficient media coverage was Daniel Vovak.
General election.
Campaign.
This was Maryland's first open Senate seat since 1986, when junior Senator Barbara Mikulski was first elected.
Michael Steele won the Republican nomination after facing little competition in the contest for the Republican ticket. With mostly unknown secondary candidates, Steele received 87% of the Republican Primary vote.
Third District Congressional Representative Ben Cardin won the Democratic Party nomination after facing tough competition in the contest for the Democratic ticket from former congressman and NAACP President Kweisi Mfume, businessman Josh Rales, former Baltimore County Executive Dennis F. Rasmussen, and several lesser known candidates. Cardin received 44% of the Democratic Primary vote to 40% for Mfume, his next closest competitor. All other candidates received percentages only in the single digits.
Kevin Zeese, the nominee for the Green, Populist and Libertarian Parties, was also on the ballot.
Though Steele lost the general election by 10%, a much wider margin than predicted, his was the best showing for a Republican in a Senate race in Maryland since Charles Mathias, Jr. was reelected in 1980 with 66% of the vote.
Controversies.
Both Steele and Cardin made controversial statements and advertising throughout the campaign.
Debates.
The first debate of the race was held Tuesday, October 3, 2006. All three candidates were present and participated. The evening was hosted by the Baltimore Urban League, and moderated by Charles Robinson from Maryland Public Television and Doni Glover from BMORENEWS. 
The first televised debate of the campaign was broadcast on News Channel 8 on the program "News Talk". All three candidates participated in the debate, and were moderated by Bruce DePuyt, the host of the program. There was no audience. This debate was widely reported because of the constant bickering between the three candidates, who often interrupted and talked over one another.
Another debate took place between Steele and Cardin on Sunday, October 29, 2006 as a part of the "Meet The Press" Senatorial debate series. Moderated by Tim Russert, the debate focused primarily on the Iraq War and stem-cell research, amongst other issues.
The three candidates all participated in the final debate of the campaign on Friday, November 3, 2006. The event was sponsored by the Collective Banking Group and held at the First Baptist Church of Glenarden.
Tactics.
Cardin primarily attacked Steele over his close relations with President Bush, including pictures of Bush and Steele in Cardin's TV ads. Steele focused on low taxes, less government spending, free markets and national security.

</doc>
<doc id="2856530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856530" title="Leeds Central railway station">
Leeds Central railway station

Leeds Central railway station was a railway station in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It was opened in 1854 as a joint station between the London and North Western Railway, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, the Great Northern Railway and the North Eastern Railway. It replaced the cramped LNW terminus at Wellington Street, which had opened in 1848 with the line to Dewsbury. It closed in 1967, when its services were moved to Leeds City to consolidate all of Leeds train services in one station.
The station was not architecturally distinguished and was built above street level. The site is now a retail park which in turn is to be redeveloped into offices. Part of the Leeds Central station site had also since become a Royal Mail sorting office that is latterly being redeveloped into the West Central residential development and Lumiere, a high skyscraper. A goods lift and a viaduct that approached the station remain extant.
The last train leaving from Leeds Central was an early evening service to Harrogate filled by the usual Birmingham RC&W DMU. Detonators were placed on the track by Railway staff which exploded as the train rolled away from the platform and past the signal box on its final departure. The return trip from Harrogate into Leeds City was strangely muted.

</doc>
<doc id="2856533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856533" title="Sinalco">
Sinalco

Sinalco is a popular brand of non-alcoholic drinks first marketed in 1902, with sales in now more than 40 countries. Sinalco is the oldest soft drink brand in Europe. It is produced by Sinalco International, a company headquartered in Duisburg, Germany.
In 1902, German scientist Friedrich Eduard Bilz invented "Bilz Brause", a sherbet powder, and started to sell it in partnership with industrialist Franz Hartmann. As imitations started to appear, they held a prize competition for a brand name, and chose "Sinalco" (an abbreviation of the Latin "sine alcohole", "without alcohol"). As one of the first beverage brands, Sinalco came to be exported worldwide, particularly to South America and the Middle East. The red circle trademark was registered in 1937. A distinctively-shaped bottle was launched in the 1950s, and updated at the end of the century. Besides the original Sinalco Orange, today the company also bottles Sinalco Cola and a few other kinds of soft drinks. In Germany, it is the third most popular lemonade, after Fanta and Sprite.
Products.
Sinalco's basic line of products include:
In addition, Sinalco bottles energy drinks, teas, and water.

</doc>
<doc id="2856535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856535" title="It Pays to Be Ignorant">
It Pays to Be Ignorant

It Pays to Be Ignorant was a radio comedy show which maintained its popularity during a nine-year run on three networks for such sponsors as Philip Morris, Chrysler, and DeSoto. 
The series was a spoof on the authoritative, academic discourse evident on such authoritative panel series as "Quiz Kids" and "Information Please", while the beginning of the program parodied the popular quiz show, "Doctor I.Q." With announcers Ken Roberts and Dick Stark, the program was broadcast on Mutual from June 25, 1942 to February 28, 1944, on CBS from February 25, 1944 to September 27, 1950 and finally on NBC from July 4, 1951 to September 26, 1951.
Experts.
The satirical series featured "a board of experts who are dumber than you are and can prove it." Tom Howard was the quizmaster who asked questions of dim-bulb panelists Harry McNaughton, Lulu McConnell and George Shelton. The Irish-born Howard (1885-1955) and Shelton (1885-1972) had previously worked together as a team in vaudeville and comedy film shorts, while McConnell (1882-1962) and British comic McNaughton (1896-1967) had both appeared in many Broadway musical comedies and revues between 1920 and the late 1930s. 
Q&A.
Each episode would start with some jokes ("Do married men live longer than single men?"... "No, it only seems longer.") and an introduction of the experts. After this, three or four questions would be discussed in detail: some posed by Howard, some picked at random by a guest from the audience.
These questions often had the answer obvious in the query ("What town in Massachusetts had the Boston Tea Party?") or were common knowledge: 
Even so, the panelists would inevitably get the answer wrong, providing outrageously funny answers instead, followed by an even more uproarious rationale for their answer. The show had a number of running gags which became catchphrases with listeners such as McNaughton's "Now we're back to Miss McConnell again" and Shelton's "I used to woik in that town."
Television.
The original radio cast brought the show to television. It was first seen on CBS from June 6 to September 19, 1949. After two years, the series returned on NBC from July 5 to September 27, 1951. A spoof of this version was done in the mid-1950s by Jackie Gleason.
The series was revived by Stefan Hatos-Monty Hall Productions as a weekly syndicated series from September 10, 1973 to September, 1974. In this version, host Joe Flynn queried panelists Jo Anne Worley, Billy Baxter and "Match Game" regular Charles Nelson Reilly. Not long after this version discontinued production, Flynn died from drowning in his swimming pool.
Episode status.
At least 69 radio episodes are known to exist. These include those listed below and three held by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
One 1951 television episode and two syndicated TV episodes are known to exist; the latter two are held by the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
Further, two films also exist at the Library of Congress in the J. Fred and Leslie W. MacDonald Collection: a CBS kinescope from 1949, and an NBC installment from June 14, 1951 with all the DeSoto automobile commercials

</doc>
<doc id="2856542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856542" title="Kochukadavanthra">
Kochukadavanthra

Kochukadavanthra("Cheriakadavanthra") is a small area of Elamkulam village in Ernakulam district of Kerala, south India. The nearest big city is Ernakulam. Kochukadavanthra situated in the west bank of the Perandoor Kanal south end. Residential area of Kasthurba Nagar and south Panampilly Nagar belongs to Kochukadavanthra.You can reach at Kochukadavanthra by traveling two kilometer south side from Panampally Nagar Junction through Panampally Nagar avenue Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2856554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856554" title="Phantom Jack">
Phantom Jack

Phantom Jack is the eponymous character of a comic book series created by writer Michael San Giacomo. Its publication started in early 2004 as a monthly series at Image Comics, completing its first five-issues story-arc. After a creative team change and a creative difference with the publisher, the title moved to Speakeasy Comics where its first arc was collected in 2005 as a trade paperback.
Synopsis.
Newspaper reporter Jack Baxter can turn invisible. Not exactly a hero, Baxter uses his powers to scoop other reporters. His test of fire comes when his brother is captured in Iraq. Jack rescues his brother with the aid of the beautiful Madison Blue, an invisible secret agent for the group 'Miscellaneous'. Stories lean toward realistic portrayals of characters in modern world, not typical super-hero fare. The series ran in 2005 from Image and returned in November, 2007, from Atomic Pop Art Entertainment with ABSOLUTE PHANTOM JACK, which collects all the previous Image comics and about 80 pages of new stories. The all-new, 110-page graphic novel PHANTOM JACK: THE NOWHERE MAN AGENDA, where Jack confronts his evil opposite and faces his final fate, will be published as soon as a new publisher is found.
The sequel: PHANTOM JACK: THE NOWHERE MAN AGENDA, the all-new, 110-page collection of five stories, was released Aug. 18, 2010 from IDW.
Bibliography.
Art by McArdle, Andy Belanger and Andy Finlayson. Inks by Tom Schloendorn, colors and cover by Nathaniel Fairbairn.

</doc>
<doc id="2856559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856559" title="Laramie High School (Wyoming)">
Laramie High School (Wyoming)

Laramie High School (LHS) is a high school (grades 10-12) in Laramie, Albany County, Wyoming, United States. In the Albany County School District, high school begins in the 10th grade (sophomore year); 9th grade (freshman) students attend a three-year Junior High School. In addition, many LHS students concurrently attend classes at Laramie County Community College (Albany County Campus), or the University of Wyoming. In 2005, Laramie High had some 786 students and 65 teachers. 
Noted LHS alumni include actor Wayde Preston, Gerry Spence (trial lawyer, author, and television legal consultant), Marilyn S. Kite (Justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court), and John S. Bugas (former FBI agent credited with breaking up two Nazi spy rings and deterring sabotage, and former director of industrial relations at Ford Motor Company).
State Representative Richard Honaker of Rock Springs graduated from Laramie High in 1969. He is a nominee to serve as a U.S. District Judge based in Cheyenne.
Laramie High School currently has an online Newspaper called CyberPlainsman.
The LHS mascot is the Plainsman (female counterpart: Lady Plainsman).
The elevation of Laramie High School is 7172 ft., the second-highest high school in the state. Beginning with the opening of the new building in the 2014-15 school year, Laramie High School will have the highest elevation in the state at 7280 ft. 

</doc>
<doc id="2856571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856571" title="Gog">
Gog

Gog, Gogg or Gogs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856583" title="Serpents of the Light">
Serpents of the Light

Serpents of the Light is the fourth full-length album by American death metal band Deicide. It was released on October 21, 1997, by Roadrunner Records.
Glen Benton stated that "Serpents of the Light" was written "about a friend of mine that died".

</doc>
<doc id="2856590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856590" title="Angela Bowie">
Angela Bowie

Mary Angela "Angie" Bowie (née Barnett; September 25, 1949) is an American cover girl, model, actress and musician. She was married to English musician David Bowie until their divorce in 1980; the couple had one child, film director Duncan Jones.
Early life.
Angela, born an American citizen on September 25, 1949 in Cyprus, is of paternal English and maternal Polish descent, and she was brought up as a Catholic. She has one older brother. Her father, Col. George M. Barnett, a U.S. Army veteran, was a mining engineer and ran a mill for Cyprus Mines Corporation. Her mother was Helena Maria Galas. Both her parents died in 1984.
Educated in Cyprus, Switzerland and the UK (Kingston Polytechnic), she briefly attended Connecticut College until she was expelled.
David Bowie.
She met musician David Bowie in London, England in 1969, at the age of 19. According to David Bowie, they met through their mutual friendship with Chinese-American record executive Dr. Calvin Mark Lee. She married Bowie one year later, on March 19, 1970 at Bromley Register Office in Beckenham Lane, London. Duncan Jones is their son.
David Bowie wrote the songs "The Prettiest Star" and "Golden Years" about her (during a backstage sequence in the D.A. Pennebaker concert film "Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars", David calls her by the name "Star".) She often accompanied him on his international concert tours, which included North America, Japan and Europe. She appeared as a guest on "The Tonight Show", hosted by Johnny Carson on November 16, 1973, alongside Dinah Shore, Joan Rivers and Ashley Montagu. Angela also performed on "The Mike Douglas Show" in early 1975.
She auditioned for the leading role in what dates show to have been the ABC-TV telefilm "Wonder Woman" which aired on March 12, 1974 and starred Cathy Lee Crosby (not as often reported for the later television series "Wonder Woman", which eventually went to Lynda Carter). "Newsweek" hypothesised in their February 11, 1974 issue that she lost the part because of her refusal to wear a bra.; but Angela argues in her autobiography that the part had already gone to Carter before she auditioned.
Later in 1975, Angela bought the television rights to Marvel Comics' characters Black Widow and Daredevil, hoping to develop and sell a series featuring the two heroes. Angela would play Black Widow, and actor Ben Carruthers would fill Daredevil's suit. Although several black-and-white stills exist with Bowie and Carruthers in costume, the series failed to find a studio willing to take it on and never went beyond the development stage.
She has been rumoured to be the inspiration for the Rolling Stones 1973 hit "Angie" from the album "Goat's Head Soup", however Mick Jagger has dispelled these tales. He was quoted as saying: "People began to say that song was written about David Bowie's wife but the truth is that ] wrote the title. He said, 'Angie.' And I think it was to do with his daughter. She's called Angela. And then I just wrote the rest of it."
Writing, film work and musical releases.
Angela has written two autobiographies, "Free Spirit" (1981, including samples of the author's poetry) as well as the bestseller, "Backstage Passes: Life On the Wild Side with David Bowie", published in 1993 and updated in 2000. It detailed her alleged drug-fueled and openly bisexual lifestyle with her former husband and many other well-known musicians. 
In addition to appearing as herself in the above-mentioned "Ziggy Stardust" film (1973) and "Glitter Goddess of Sunset Strip" (1991), her film work includes credited acting roles in at least four films: "Eat the Rich" (1987, as "Henry's wife"), "Demented" (1994), "Deadrockstar" (2002, as "Bartender") and "La Funcionaria Asesina" (a.k.a. "The Slayer Bureaucrat", 2009, as "Helen Price/Constance").
A CD maxi-single, "The World Is Changing" (six mixes, including prominent vocal support by Dabonda Simmons and all credited to Angela Bowie as composer with various co-composers including David Padilla, Morgan Lekcirt, Tom Reich, Jim Durban and D.J. Trance) appeared in 1996 on New York label Warlock Records (distributed in Europe through Music Avenue on the Nite Blue label). The cover featured a logo of the Bowie name clearly modelled on the one seen on her former husband's "Let's Dance" releases. An album, "Moon Goddess", was released on Subterraneans' London-based record label The Electric Label in 2002. The UK release of the album contained a duet with Subterraneans' vocalist Jude Rawlins on a version of the Rolling Stones song "The Last Time". She is currently working on her second album, "Fancy Footwork". 
In recent years she has reinvented herself as a journalist specializing in gender issues. She is currently a staff reporter on transgender lifestyle bi-monthly, Frock Magazine, interviewing some of the world's most famous trans actors, artists and fashionistas. 
Fictional portrayals.
The movie "Velvet Goldmine" was loosely based on her life with David Bowie. She was fictionalized as a character named "Mandy", portrayed by Toni Collette.
Personal life.
On 30 May 1971, David and Angie Bowie had a son, Duncan Zowie Haywood Jones, who later preferred to be known as Joe or Joey, although now he has reverted to the name Duncan Jones.
Angie and David Bowie separated after nine years of marriage and divorced on 8 February 1980, in Switzerland. She later called it "a marriage of convenience" for both, and settled for £300,000. She had already begun a long-term relationship with punk musician Drew Blood (real name Andrew Lipka). On July 24, 1980, she gave birth to their daughter, Stacia Larranna Celeste Lipka, in Mendocino, California. She currently lives in Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="2856599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856599" title="Ricardo Batista">
Ricardo Batista

Ricardo Jorge Cecília Batista (born 19 November 1986) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória F.C. as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Fulham.
Born in Setúbal, Batista started his career with hometown's Vitória Futebol Clube. In late 2004, aged only 18, he was signed by English club Fulham. His only official appearance for the Premier League side was in September of that year against Lincoln City for the season's League Cup: the Cottagers won the game 5–4, but the player's performance was error-prone, gifting the visitors several goals; he spent the better part of his first season as a senior on loan to Milton Keynes Dons, in League Two.
In the same predicament, Batista then had two spells at League One outfit Wycombe Wanderers, renewing his contract with Fulham on 12 July 2007. He was released in the 2008 summer.
Portugal.
On 16 July 2008, Batista signed with Sporting Clube de Portugal for a fee of €158,000. He was only third-choice during his two-year spell with the Lisbon club, his input consisting of the match against F.C. Paços de Ferreira for the 2008–09 edition of the Portuguese League Cup (5–1 home win).
Batista was loaned to S.C. Olhanense for the 2010–11 campaign, initially backing up Marcelo Moretto and playing in the domestic cups. After the Brazilian left for a team in Poland he became first-choice, as the Algarve team eventually retained its top division status; his first match in the competition occurred on 19 December 2010, in a 0–0 home draw against C.D. Nacional. 
On 25 July 2011 Batista was banned for two years for doping, after testing positive in a game against Académica de Coimbra held in January.
International career.
Batista participated with Portugal at the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Championship in the Netherlands, backing up F.C. Porto's Paulo Ribeiro. He made his debut in the category on 14 November 2006, in a 3–0 friendly win against Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="2856605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856605" title="University Hill">
University Hill

University Hill may refer to the following communities:

</doc>
<doc id="2856609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856609" title="Edappally">
Edappally

Edappally is one of Kochi's well developed areas and emerging as the most important junction of the state of Kerala. Its name in English literally translates as ("Eda' , short for "edaykku" (Malayalam meaning occasionally; another meaning is "in between" ) and "Pally" (short for Pally kolluka which means to Sleep or Stay in Malayalam).The Name is connected with Edappally palace where the kings of Edappally dynasty, which is also known as Elangalloor Swaroopam(The Edappally dynasty has the history of elevation of a temple priest to the royal position of a King. The founder of the Edappally dynasty was a priest of Thrikkakara temple and thus Elangallur Swarupam is one of only two Brahmin royalties in Kerala) used to "stay occasionally'" during their journeys. "Edaykku pallykollunna edam " thus became Edappally in course of time.Another interpretation is prevalent in connection with Edappally Church, Edappally-"Edaykkulla Pally" meaning "Church in the Center"'. "Edappally palace and the Edappally church is still the most popular affix used along with place, plot and family names in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra. The Pali word Pally means a non Hindu/ Brahmanic place of worship. In ancient times, it denoted a Jain or Buddhist shrine. Buddhist philosophy guided culture and society in south India for more than a millennium. The famous "church in the centre" is St. George's Church which is very old and is a pilgrimage centre.
Edapally is said to be one of the fastest growing areas in the city of Kochi. Edappally was the seat of the Edapally Rajas, the rulers of the area. Edappally was a Panchayath before getting included in Cochin Corporation. This is a place which comes partly under Thripunithura legislative constituency and partly under Ernakulam constituency."
Transport.
The Cochin bypass connects Edappally with Aroor which is an industrial town on south end of the city of Cochin. Bypass Junction in Edappally is the north end of the Cochin bypass which extends up to Aroor. This entire route is evolving into a major business hub with big-time stores and five-star hotels. Outlets of Mercedes Benz, Hyundai, Maruti Suzuki,and many more foreign car companies are situated on the road. The world-famous museum of Kerala History and sculpture is also located in Edappally (outside the city limits). Thrikkakkara temple is only 2 kilometers away from Edappally Toll junction, and the village of Vattekkunnam is connected via a railway tunnel.
Two national highways NH 47 and NH 17 join the Kochi Bypass junction at Edappally. At Edappally, The National Highway 17 begins and continues up to Panvel, Maharashtra, in India. Edapally is also connected by rail, and there is a railway station at Edappally.
Edappally Railway Over Bridge is ready for inauguration, and Inauguration will be in January 2012. It makes more convenient journey between Ernakulam Guruvayoor Route. that means in NH 17 (Panavel (Maharashtra) to Edappally (Kochi)._
Edappally Railway Overbrige was inaugurated on 4 February 2012. Edappally North (Kunnumpuram Junction) is the next main junction after Edapally junction, on way to Guruvayur from Ernakulam. Edappally Kunnumpuram Junction is the main junction to turn to Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences(Left Turn), Amrita School of Arts and Science (Right Turn), Manjummel (East Turn), Parur (Straight).
Hospital.
One of the best hospitals in Kerala named Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences is situated in Edappally North.
Punarnava Ayurveda Hospital is also at Edappally.
Cochin Corporation Homeo Dispensary (Free Medicine) is situated at Friends' Library, Edappally North.
Govt Ayurveda Hospital (Free Medicine) is situated at Manjummel near Edappally north
Edappally Govt. Hospital (Free Medicine) is situated at Devankulangara, Edappally
M.A.J. Hospital run by St.George's Forane Church is situated opposite to the Church.
Places of Worship.
Special mention has to be made about two places of worships of Edappally.
Famous temples, Edappally North Puthukkulangara Bhagavathi Temple and Puthukulangara Mahavishnu Temple are at Kunnumpuram Junction (Edappally North)
Personalities.
Changampuzha Smaraka Library and Edappally North Friends' Library are situated in Edappally.
Edappally North Friends' Library celebrated Golden Jubilee in 2007 January. Education and Career Guidance Reference Library started as part of its golden jubilee celebration.
Edappally is now famous for Changampuzha Samskarika Kendram,[http://www.changampuzhapark.com] which organizes various cultural and academic programmes, which include Kathakali, dramas, music, children's programmes, Akshara slokas, various cultural meetings, discussions, etc. A Senior Citizens' Forum is well functioning attached to this Kendram. All these functions are organized at Changampuzha Park, wherein the Office of the Kendram exists.
Another famous institution at Edappally is Changampuzha Smaraka Grandhasala, a library established in 1950 as a memorial to the famous Malayalam poet Changampuzha Krishna Pillai, who is the famous son of Edappally (Changampuzha's tomb is situated here, which attracts several lovers of Malayalam language). This library is an outstanding one with a collection of about thirty six thousand titles and a reference section (approved as the Kanayannur Taluk Reference Library). This has an Art wing offering training in various types of dances, music (vocal and instrumental), painting and drawing, etc. About six hundred students undergo training in these. Friends' Library and Reading Room is also an attraction to Edapplly, which is situated in Edappally North. It established in 1956. It is very near to Govt. Vocational Higher Secondary School (Kunnumpuram School), Edappally North. Famous poet Edappally Raghavan Pillai studied in primary class at this school.
Beside that there is also the "M N F Gallery of Paintings and Sculptures".
Education.
Main educational institutions at Edappally are
References.
1.www.al-ameen.ac.in

</doc>
<doc id="2856634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856634" title="Zygmunt Witymir Bieńkowski">
Zygmunt Witymir Bieńkowski

Zygmunt Witymir Bieńkowski (2 May 1913 Warszawa – 15 August 1979) was a Polish pilot and a writer of many articles and poems. His 303 squadron diary is deposited in the Polish Museum and Sikorski Institute in London. He is buried at Gunnersbury Cemetery in West London. 
Zygmunt Witymir Bieńkowski was the son of Leopold Bieńkowski (1883–1942) and Zofia Braun (1891–1943). His father was a Polish Member of Parliament from 1922 to 1928. Both his parents died in the Soviet Gulag camps. 
Trained as a pilot at Polish Air Force Academy in Dęblin, he did not take action in Poland in 1939, but was evacuated westwards, escaped to Rumania, then moved to France and 27 June 1940 came to England. During the Battle of Britain, he served with 55 OTU in Aston Down. In May 1941 he joined No. 245 Squadron. In July 1941 he was transferred to No. 303 Squadron based at Northolt. on 6 November 1941 Bieńkowski claimed a Bf 109 shot down. On 12 April 1942 heis aircraft was shot up by a Focke-Wulf FW 190, force landing with collapsed landing gear near the English coast.
He served from 1 December 1942 until 4 July 1943 as Squadron Leader of No. 303 Squadron. During July 1943 No.303 Squadron were resting at RAF Kirton-in-Lindsey, where the newly arrived US Army Air Corps 94th Fighter Squadron had just been assigned. He befriended some of the American pilots who gave him the affectionate nickname "Bing Crosby", a play on his family name. 
From January 1945 to 24 February 1945 he commanded 302. On 24 February his Spitfire Mk. XVI (TB341, "WX-B") was shot down by flak over Germany near Wesel and he was taken prisoner.
Released by American forces, by the end of the war he was a Wing Commander. During the war he made 74 sorties, claiming one Bf 109 destroyed and a FW 190 damaged.
He died on 15 August 1979 in London aged 66. He was buried in Gunnersbury Cemetery.
His brother Jan Bieńkowski, was also a pilot and shot down over Cherbourg in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2856639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856639" title="Aitkin High School">
Aitkin High School

Aitkin High School (AHS) is a public high school in Aitkin, Minnesota. The school serves students in grades 7–12. The school enrolls approximately 600 students per year, with 400 students in the high school and 200 attending middle school. The school is a combined middle and high school, since the town does not have the needed population of adolescents to include a separate middle school. Class sizes are around 100 students, while some classes, such as the Class of 1978, have enrolled up to 160 students at one time. The Class of 2010 is one of the smallest Aitkin High School classes in history, with a class size at graduation of 83. The class entered with 98 students in 2004.
The school is a member of Minnesota's Independent School District 1 (Aitkin School District), and is affiliated with the Minnesota State High School League (MSHSL). The school is a member of the Great River Conference. The AHS mascot is the Gobbler.
History.
Aitkin High School was established in the year 1894 and the oldest school building was completed in 1901. Many additions have been added to the school since. When the school was first built, many children that lived outside the city of Aitkin attended local country schools, and then attended AHS after they graduated from 8th grade. At that time, Aitkin High School served grades 9-12 only. In 1928, an addition to the school was built and it became a 7-12 school, even though many students were in country, primary and parochial schools (particularly Catholic) until 8th grade. Several modifications took place during the following decades, including a new cafeteria, band area, and auditorium. The old gym and auditorium was created in a 1941 project and the west wing was added in the 1950s. The most major change after 1928 took place in 1976, when the school was remodeled and the old school building was demolished. The west wing still remains. Not many major modifications took place after that until the year 2000, when a new band area was established. The 1941 auditorium was remodeled in 1994 while keeping most of the classic features. In 2005, a new weight room was built. The school was modified once again in 2006 with a newly added commons area, in the 9th grade locker area, and a new 7th grade locker area built on the second floor of the school, along with an LED sign in the front of the building. In 2007, a more advanced security system was installed and a speed limit regulation was implemented around the school. In 2008, a wall was removed in the cafeteria which will enable more students to have lunch in one lunch period, and signs were posted on all entrances of the school. Paintings by students were placed on the walls to give it a more friendly atmosphere. A new student parking lot was added to the school in 2009. Pavement was planned to take place in Summer 2010 but never occurred.
School.
In Fall 2009, AHS had 900 students.
The Aitkin School District's Superintendent is Bernie Novak. The high school principal is Chad Pederson and the Dean of Students/Athletic Director is Cathy Hughes.
Curriculum and scheduling.
Aitkin High School is on a 7-period/trimester schedule. Each trimester lasts 12 weeks. Classes vary in length from 1 to 3 trimesters. Class periods are currently 54 minutes in length with 4 minutes passing time in between classes. Some classes, such as the ones in the Industrial Arts area are 2 periods in length. Additionally, middle school and high school students share the same time schedule. From the years 1998-2007, the school used a block schedule, where classes were 84 minutes long. In 2007, the trimester schedule used at AHS during the 1960s and 1970s was reinstated. Independent study periods were added on a rotation basis. (e.g. Day 1 is 1st hour, Day 2 is second hour, etc.) 
Independent study periods enable students to have time to finish class assignments, get help from another teacher, attend meetings and school assemblies, and much more. 
In 2010, a new student database, Infinite Campus, was integrated, to enable students, teachers, and parents to keep track of their students performance in school. The online learning tool has many feature such as the ability to register for classes online, check grades and finding missing assignments. 
More than 110 classes are offered. This includes subjects in agriculture, business, media arts, computer science and information technology, English, family and consumer science, art, music, physical education, industrial technology, mathematics, science, social studies, and World Languages.
Although AHS does not offer any AP or IB classes, it offers college credit for advanced classes with a program called College in the Schools through the University of Minnesota, Central Lakes Community College, Mesabi Community College, and Vermilion Community College and the option of PSEO. These enable students to get college credits at select colleges free of tuition and book and may even obtain enough credits to get an Associate of Arts Degree.
Facilities.
The school features a newly added commons area, two gyms, a band area, an auditorium, a Strength room, a choir area, and three floors of classrooms.
Athletics.
Athletic teams include:
Fall
Winter
Spring
History.
Aitkin High School wrestlers and dance team have gone to state competition numerous times. The last time the Aitkin wrestling team went to State as a whole was in the year 2008. Aitkin High School had a great stretch of athletic ability in the 1950s, while the football, wrestling, and track team made many outstanding achievements. A lag in athletic ability took place for most of the 1960s and the 1970s with an exception for baseball and softball. The baseball team made the conference championship both in 1977 and 1978, and made it to the sections in 1977, but never made it to state throughout the decade. 1982 was a magical year for sport in Aitkin High School, which included the momentous boys basketball state tournament in 1982 along with the progressing to state with the football team that fall. In 2013 the football team appointed a new head coach Tom Sanford. Sanford made significant changes to the program, modeling the team similarly to Brainerd's.

</doc>
<doc id="2856647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856647" title="Nottingham Victoria railway station">
Nottingham Victoria railway station

Nottingham Victoria railway station was a Great Central Railway and Great Northern Railway railway station in Nottingham, England. It was designed by the architect Albert Edward Lambert, who also designed the rebuild of the Nottingham Midland station (now known more simply as Nottingham Station).
It was opened by the Nottingham Joint Station Committee on 24 May 1900 and closed on 4 September 1967 by the London Midland Region of British Railways. The station building was entirely demolished (except for the clock tower) and the Victoria Centre shopping centre was built on the site, incorporating the old station clock tower into the main entrance on Milton Street (continuation of Mansfield Road).
Background.
In 1893 the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway obtained authorisation to extend its North Midlands railway network into London. This new line was opened on 15 March 1899 and became known as the "London Extension", stretching from Annesley to a new station at Marylebone in London. The line passed through Nottingham where a new station was to be built.
Construction and opening.
The station's construction was on a grand scale: a site was acquired at a cost of £473,000 (£ as of ), in the heart of Nottingham's city centre; negotiations for the acquisition of the land had taken three years. The construction called for the demolition of whole streets of some 1,300 houses, 24 public houses and St. Stephen's Church, Bunker's Hill, following which around of sandstone was excavated from the site. The site measured around in length from north to south and had an average width of with a tunnel at each end of it for access.
Both the Great Central Railway and Great Northern Railway shared the station (they split into two lines at Weekday Cross junction). The two owners failed to reach agreement on the station's name; the Great Central naturally wanted it called "Central", a proposition the Great Northern, still smarting from the incursion into its territory made by the London Extension, would not accept. The two railway companies operated separate booking offices, the Great Central issuing tickets bearing "Nottingham Central", whilst the Great Northern's window bore the legend "Nottingham Joint St'n". In the 1898 Royal Atlas of England, the station is recorded as the "Grt Central & Grt Northern Joint Central Station"
The Town Clerk tried to resolve the situation by suggesting the name "Nottingham Victoria" to reflect the fact that the planned opening date coincided with Queen Victoria's birthday; this was readily accepted at a meeting of the Nottingham Joint Station Committee on 12 June.
Nottingham Victoria station was officially opened without ceremony in the early hours of 24 May 1900 – over a year after the commencement of services on the new railway line. The first service to call at the station was a Great Central express from Manchester to Marylebone which pulled in at 1.12am; it was followed fifteen minutes later by a Great Central express travelling in the opposite direction.
Station building.
The main station building was in true Victorian splendour. It was constructed in a Renaissance style using the best quality red faced bricks and Darley Dale stone with space at the front for Hackney carriages which was covered by a canopy. It faced on to the confluence of Mansfield Road and Milton Street for some .
The three-storey building was dominated by a large clock tower topped with a cupola and weather vane. At the north end of the building, access could be gained to the parcels office via two large metal gates. Once inside the building on the ground floor level, one reached the large and lofty booking hall. It was over long and wide, and contained the best quality pine and a hard wearing oak floor along with a gallery on each side to gain access to spacious offices on the first floor. The booking hall contained seven ticket-issuing windows, three each for the Great Central and Great Northern, and one for excursion traffic; a clock-type train indicator served all platforms. An iron overbridge led from the booking hall and spanned the platforms, to which it was connected by four broad staircases. A small footbridge at the end provided access to the island platforms at the south end, themselves connected to a side exit leading on to Parliament Street.
The station itself comprised two large island platforms, each between and long, with two bays at each end for local traffic giving a total of 12 platform faces. Upon each island platform were dining and tea rooms together with kitchens, sleeping facilities for staff, waiting rooms and lavatories; all these buildings were, like the rest of the station, lined with glazed tiles which were generally buff in colour and embellished with a chocolate dado. Large steel pillars held up an enormous 3-part glazed canopy measuring in length, with a centre span of and a pair of flanking spans each of . There were additional glass roofs over the double-bay platforms, each carried on central pillars. An electrically-lit subway system, below track level and covering the breadth of the station, could be used for transporting luggage, thereby avoiding the need to carry it over the footbridges. The subway was linked to the main station by four lifts serving respectively the booking hall, cloakroom and two island platforms. The refreshment rooms had their own underground subway and lifts.
The station had passing loops round all platforms (for freight), two signal boxes and two turntables. The two signal boxes were positioned at the north and south ends of the station and controlled entry and exit to the tunnels that allowed entry to the complex. The traffic that passed through was very varied. It included London–Manchester expresses, local services, cross-country services ("e.g." from York to Bristol via Oxford) as well as freight workings. As the station was shared with The Great Northern Railway (already well established when Victoria opened), a superb network of lines going to many destinations was available from the one station.
Decline.
During the 1960s the whole Great Central route was being run down by diverting services away from it, cutting others and slowing down expresses to very slack timetables. Locomotives and rolling stock were unreliable and old; the line did not benefit from British Rail's new diesel locomotives. As passenger numbers fell, either going by car or other lines, closure seemed inevitable. The last through service from Nottingham to London ran on 3 September 1966. All that was left was a DMU service between Nottingham and Rugby. Victoria station was finally closed on 4 September 1967 and demolished (amidst much opposition) leaving only the clocktower to survive amongst the Victoria Shopping Centre and flats. Goods trains continued to pass through the site of Victoria until May 1968, with two running lines left in place amidst the demolition of the main station.
Present day.
The site is now occupied by the Victoria Shopping Centre and housing in the form of Victoria Flats – Nottingham's tallest building (256 feet / 72m tall). The new structure incorporates the original station's clock tower. From the bottom level of the shopping centre's car park, in the former station's deep cutting, the site of the entrance of Mansfield Road railway tunnel remains visible.
Upon the closure of the Great Central railway and the Great Northern/London and North Western Joint line to Melton Mowbray (via ), Nottingham also lost smaller stations: Nottingham London Road High Level and Nottingham London Road Low Level.
Nottingham's other mainline station, Nottingham Midland, remains in service.

</doc>
<doc id="2856652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856652" title="Derek Lee Rock">
Derek Lee Rock

Derek Lee Smith (born June 29, 1984), more commonly known as Derek Lee Rock or Derek Rock, is the drummer of alternative pop/rock band Mêlée and ska band Suburban Legends. Derek’s drumming styles include rock, pop, electronic, and hip hop. Popularly known for his characteristic spinning of the drumsticks while playing, Derek grew up in Orange County, California and began playing both guitar and drums at age 13.
Suburban Legends.
Derek joined Suburban Legends in August, 2000. The band has played thousands of sets regularly at Disneyland, including nightly shows at Downtown Disney. Between 2003-2008 Suburban Legends toured the United States, UK, and Europe numerous times, appearing with such acts as Reel Big Fish, Fall Out Boy, Goldfinger, Less Than Jake, and The Aquabats. The band has recorded 10 albums, including “Let’s Be Friends” which was nominated for Best Album of 2009 at the Orange County Music Awards. Derek and Suburban Legends's latest album, released in 2012, is "Day Job".
Mêlée.
Derek began working with Mêlée in August 2009 on the eve of their headlining gig Javarockinland Festival in Jakarta, Indonesia. Derek joined Mêlée during the writing and recording of "The Masquerade", released on iTunes October 5, 2010 on Warner Bros. Records.
Other projects.
Derek Rock is currently working on several projects within the music industry: film making, production/songwriting, mixtapes, session drumming, and teaching.
Derek plays Drum Workshop drums.

</doc>
<doc id="2856658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856658" title="Giant burrowing cockroach">
Giant burrowing cockroach

The giant burrowing cockroach (Macropanesthia rhinoceros) is also known as the rhinoceros cockroach and litter bug (the latter name may be misleading, as cockroaches are not true bugs). They are native to Australia and mostly found in tropical parts of Queensland. They are the world's heaviest species of cockroach (although "Blaberus giganteus" is the longest) and can weigh up to and measure up to in length. They can live for up to 10 years. Unlike some other cockroaches, they do not have wings and are not considered pests. The cockroach plays a vital part in the ecosystem by consuming dead leaves, eucalyptus in particular, and recycling other matter. True to their name, they may burrow down in soil to a depth of about , where they make permanent homes. Males and females can be differentiated by the "scoop" on the head; the male has the scoop and the female does not. They grow by shedding their outer shells 12 or 13 times before reaching full size. When a cockroach moults, it will appear pure white except for the eyes. The species is ovoviviparous.

</doc>
<doc id="2856659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856659" title="Walke">
Walke

Walke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856665" title="Aristodemus of Miletus">
Aristodemus of Miletus

Aristodemus (; lived 4th century BC), native of Miletus, was a friend and flatterer of Antigonus, king of Asia, who sent him, in 315 BC, to the Peloponnese with 1000 talents, and ordered him to maintain friendly relations with Polyperchon and his son Alexander, to collect as large a body of mercenaries as possible, and to conduct the war against Cassander. On his arrival in Laconia, he obtained permission from the Spartans to engage mercenaries in their country, and thus raised in the Peloponnese an army of 8000 men. The friendship with Polyperchon and his son Alexander was confirmed, and the former was made governor of the peninsula. The ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt Ptolemy, who was allied with Cassander, sent a fleet against the general and the allies of Antigonus, and Cassander made considerable conquests in the Peloponnese. After his departure, Aristodemus and Alexander at first endeavoured in common to persuade the towns to expel the garrisons of Cassander, and recover their independence. But Alexander soon allowed himself to be made a traitor to the cause he had hitherto espoused, and was rewarded by Cassander with the chief command of his forces in the Peloponnese. In 314 BC, Aristodemus invited the Aetolians to support the cause of Antigonus; and having raised a great number of mercenaries among them, he attacked Alexander, who was besieging Cyllene, and compelled him to raise the siege. He then restored several other places, such as Patras in Achaea and Dyme in Aetolia, to what was then called freedom. After this, 306 BC, Aristodemus occurs once more in history.

</doc>
<doc id="2856672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856672" title="In a Glass House">
In a Glass House

In a Glass House is an album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant, released in 1973.
One of Gentle Giant's most popular albums (although the band themselves were not happy with it at the time, being made under pressure of Phil Shulman's departure), it was available in North America only as a rare import – both LP and CD – until 2004 when a digitally remastered CD was released. This was because their US label Columbia Records rejected the album as uncommercial. As a result Columbia dropped the band from the label which contractually allowed the band to take ownership of the original master recording and all rights to it. This cleared the way for the first "official" release of the title in the United States on compact disc on the band's own Alucard label. It is the first Gentle Giant album after the departure of Phil Shulman.
The 2004 release had two live recordings from the tour as bonus tracks. The album was reissued in 2005 and distributed by Derek Shulman's DRT label with 1 bonus live track as part of the 35th Anniversary reissue series of the band's back catalogue. In 2009 "In a Glass House" became available for the first time as a digital download with bonus live recordings (these recordings differed from the original 2004 and 2005 release of the album) remastered by Fred Kervorkian under the supervision of Ray Shulman. "In a Glass House" received a physical release on CD as part of a 40th Anniversary series of reissues this time without any bonus tracks with plans to release vinyl versions of all the band's albums from "In a Glass House" through "Giant for a Day" in late 2010.
The album is allegedly based around the concept that "people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones". The record begins and ends with the sound of breaking glass.
The final track of the album is hidden. Following the song "In a Glass House", there is a delay then a brief recapitulation of every other track on the album. The album cover had a black and white lithograph of the group covered with clear plastic ("glass") on a die-cut.
Track listing.
All songs written by Shulman, Shulman and Minnear, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2856679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856679" title="Schleicher ASW 28">
Schleicher ASW 28

The ASW 28 is a Standard Class glider with a fifteen metre span built of modern fibre reinforced composites. The manufacturer of the ASW-28 is Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co. The 'W' indicates this is a design of the influential and prolific German designer Gerhard Waibel. Serial production started in 2000.
Design and development.
The ASW 28 is a single-seat shoulder-winged composite construction sailplane with a T-shaped horizontal tailplane and 15 metre wingspan. The upper wing surface has Schempp-Hirth brake flaps.
As all Standard Class sailplanes, the ASW-28 does not have flaps or other lift-enhancing devices. It has tall winglets, a retractable undercarriage and a water ballast system. The structure is a complex composite of carbon, aramid and polyethylene fibre reinforced plastic. This permits a light structure with the strength to carry large amounts of water ballast, thus permitting the widest possible range of wing loadings for weak and strong soaring weather.
The ASW-28 supersedes the ASW 24 in the manufacturer's production line. It has - like its competitors Rolladen-Schneider LS8 and Schempp-Hirth Discus-2 - a version with wing extensions for the increasingly popular 18 metre Class, the ASW 28-18. The sustainer (non-self-launching) variant of the 18 metre version is the ASW 28-18 E. The sustainer uses a SOLO 2350 18 hp 2-stroke engine.

</doc>
<doc id="2856680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856680" title="List of Interior Ministers of Denmark">
List of Interior Ministers of Denmark

This is a list of Interior Ministers of Denmark since the establishment of the Danish Ministry of the Interior in 1848. The Ministry was abolished in 2007 with most of the portfolio becoming part of a new Ministry of Welfare. It was reestablished in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2856692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856692" title="Wilhelm Worringer">
Wilhelm Worringer

Wilhelm Worringer (13 January 1881 in Aachen – 29 March 1965 in Munich) was a German art historian. He is known in connection with expressionism. Through his influence on T. E. Hulme his ideas had an effect on early British modernism, especially vorticism.
His best-known work is "Abstraction and Empathy", his doctoral thesis. In it he argued that there were two main kinds of art: art of "abstraction" (which was associated with a more 'primitive' world view) and art of "empathy" (which was associated with realism in the broadest sense of the word, and applied to European art since the Renaissance).
Worringer was influential because he saw abstract art (for example, Islamic art) as being in no way inferior to "realist" art, and worthy of respect in its own right. This was critical justification for the increased use of abstraction in pre-war European art. Worringer coined the term Expressionism. (see Rank comment below) He taught at the University of Bonn, where Heinrich Lützeler was one of his students.
He posited a direct relationship between the perception of art and the individual. His claim that "We sense ourselves in the forms of a work of art" led to a formula, "The aesthetic sense is an objectivized sense of the self." He also stated, "Just as the desire for empathy as the basis for aesthetic experience finds satisfaction in organic beauty, so the desire for abstraction finds its beauty in the life-renouncing inorganic, in the crystalline, in a word, in all abstract regularity and necessity."
His work was widely discussed and influenced Klee amongst others. He is credited by philosopher Gilles Deleuze in "A Thousand Plateaus" as being the first person to see abstraction 'as the very beginning of art or the first expression of an artistic will.'
Wilhelm Worringer likewise mentions his debt to Riegl in terms of art theory, and what Worringer calls, "the urge to abstraction." Art history is not a progress of ability from primitive lack of skill, but is, in Riegl's terms, a history of volition. Clemena Antonova writes, "Worringer sides with Riegl in that relativist approach to art and maintains that, "what appears from our standpoint the greatest distortion, must have been, at the time, for its creator the highest beauty and expression of his artistic volition." 
Otto Rank, in Art and Artist, cites Worringer as taking Reigl up to the verge of psychological insight where art forms can be interpreted parallel to forms of belief in the soul. Rank, however, in Art and Artist, p. 32, says, "we may talk of an art of "expressionism"--in fact the word, as "expressionism," has been taken as their slogan by a group of modern artists (according to E. von Sydow, p. 117 , called also "psychic vitalism").
At the time his "Egyptian Art" was published by G.P. Putnam's Sons Ltd, the Sphinx of Gizeh had been recently restored.

</doc>
<doc id="2856694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856694" title="Japanese aircraft carrier Amagi">
Japanese aircraft carrier Amagi

Design and description.
The last purpose-built Japanese carrier construction during World War II was a group of vessels based on an improved design, but with individual units differing in detail reflecting the changing circumstances as the conflict in the Pacific approached its conclusion. "Amagi" was ordered, under the provisional name of #5001, as part of the Kai-Maru 5 Program of 1942. This was a massive naval construction program intended to replace losses suffered at the Battle of Midway and focused on aircraft and aircraft carriers. The ship was one of 16 s planned, although only three were completed before the end of the war.
"Amagi" had a length of overall. She had a beam of and, a draft of . She displaced . Her crew consisted of 1,595 officers and men.
The "Unryū"-class carriers used the same turbines and boilers as used in the . These consisted of four geared steam turbine sets with a total of driving four shafts. Steam was provided by eight Kampon Type B water-tube boilers with a working pressure of at . The ship had a designed speed of . "Amagi" carried of fuel oil which gave her a range of at . She had two funnels on the starboard side, each angled below horizontal. They were fitted with a water-cooling system to reduce the turbulence caused by hot exhaust gases.
Flight deck arrangements.
"Amagi"s flight deck was long and had a maximum width of . A small island was mounted well forward on the starboard side and contained the ship's bridge and air operations control center. It was fitted with a small tripod mast that mounted one of the ship's radar antennas. The ship was designed with two superimposed hangars that were served by two aircraft elevators, each ; the center elevator as used in "Hiryū" was deleted to simplify construction and reduce stress in the hull. The elevators had a maximum capacity of and took 19 seconds to go from the lower hangar to the flight deck. "Amagi" was fitted with hydraulically operated Type 3 arresting gear with nine cables. She also mounted three Type 3 crash barricades. No aircraft catapult was fitted. The ship mounted a retractable crane on the starboard side of the flight deck, just aft of the rear elevator.
The ship's air group was originally intended to consist of 12 Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighters, plus three in storage, 27 Aichi D3A "Val" dive bombers, plus three in reserve, and 18 Nakajima B5N "Kate" torpedo bombers plus two in crates. "Amagi"s hangars could not accommodate so many aircraft so eleven planes were planned to be permanently carried on the flight deck. In 1943 the air group was revised to consist of 18 Mitsubishi A7M "Sam" fighters (+2 in storage), 27 Yokosuka D4Y "Judy" dive bombers and six Nakajima C6N "Myrt" reconnaissance aircraft. Of these, the C6Ns were intended to be carried on the flight deck. When the ship commissioned in 1944, neither the A7M nor the C6Ns were yet in service, so the air group was reconfigured to consist of 27 Zeros, 12 D4Ys, three of which were to be the reconnaissance version, and nine Nakajima B6N "Jill" torpedo bombers. By this time, however, the shortage of carrier-qualified aircrew was such that they were ordered to operate from shore bases and "Amagi" never embarked her air group.
Armor, armament and sensors.
"Amagi"s waterline armored belt was thick over her machinery spaces and over her magazines. Her deck armor above the magazines was thick, but the deck above the magazines was thick.
The ship's primary armament consisted of a dozen 40-caliber 12.7 cm Type 89 anti-aircraft (AA) guns in twin mounts on sponsons on the ship's sides. "Amagi" was initially equipped with 16 triple 25 mm Type 96 and three single AA gun mounts, most on sponsons along the sides of the hull. By the end of the war, the ship mounted 22 triple and 23 single mounts. These guns were supplemented by six 28-round AA rocket launchers. For defense against submarines, the carrier was fitted with six depth charge throwers and carried between six and ten depth charges for them.
Two Type 94 high-angle fire-control directors, one on each side of the ship, were fitted to control the Type 89 guns. Each director mounted a rangefinder. Six Type 95 directors controlled the 25 mm guns and the rocket launchers. Early warning was provided by two Type 2, Mark 2, Model 1 air search radars. One of these was mounted on the top of the island while the other retracted into the port side of the flight deck, between the two elevators. In addition, "Amagi" had two smaller Type 3, Mark 1, Model 3 air search radars, one mounted on the tripod mast on the island and the other on the aft starboard retractable radio mast.
Service.
"Amagi"s keel was laid down by Mitsubishi in Nagasaki, on 1 October 1942. She was launched on 15 October 1943 and completed on 10 August 1944. The ship was transferred among a number of ports on the Inland Sea until she arrived in Kure in February 1945 and was ordered to be camouflaged. Her intended air group, Air Group 601, was committed to the Battle of Iwo Jima about that same time. "Amagi" was briefly refitted from 10 to 24 February. On 19 March, the ship was attacked by aircraft from Task Force 58 and lightly damaged by one bomb that struck the edge of the flight deck. On 13 April, the ship was permanently moored at an island in Kure harbor and extensively camouflaged.
This did not prevent the aircraft from Task Force 38 from locating and attacking the ship on 24 July. She was hit twice and near-missed multiple times. A bomb detonated near the rear funnel, severely damaging it, but doing little other damage aside from blowing a small hole in the starboard hull. A bomb penetrated the flight deck and detonated in the upper hangar, between the elevators. The explosion blew a section of a hangar wall overboard and the walls of the upper hangar deck were bulged and perforated multiple times. The flight deck between the elevators was bulged up and buckled for a length of and the forward elevator was dropped to the bottom of its shaft. It also blew a hole in the upper hangar deck. Fragments from the explosion penetrated into the bowels of the ship, penetrating bulkheads and decks below. Fragments from near-misses penetrated the sides of the port hull and caused the forward bomb magazine, two boiler rooms, and the aft port engine room to flood.
The captain ordered the ship abandoned later in the day, and the carrier was still afloat in the evening, albeit with a slight list to port and down by the bow. Over the next couple of days, more compartments in the ship flooded and she settled on the bottom of the harbor. Another attack on 28 July hit her several more times and the resulting damage from those hits and more near-misses to port caused the ship to list further to port. This gradually increased through the next day until "Amagi" capsized at 10:00 on the morning of 29 July with part of her flight deck falling overboard. The losses among the ship's crew are unknown, but were supposedly light.
The ship was stricken from the Navy List on 30 November and salvage work began on 5 December. The holes in the ship's hull had to be sealed to pump the water out and decrease her draft. The remains of her flight deck and upper hangar could not be made watertight and were removed using dynamite. Pontoons were used to right the ship and she was refloated on 31 July 1946. The salvage job was conducted by the Hitachi Zosen facility in Kure and they scrapped the ship afterward. The job was completed by 12 December 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="2856702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856702" title="Hellbender (disambiguation)">
Hellbender (disambiguation)

The hellbender ("Cryptobranchus alleganiensis"), also known as the hellbender salamander, is a species of giant salamander that is native to eastern North America.
Hellbender may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856706" title="Tōshirō Hitsugaya">
Tōshirō Hitsugaya

Hitsugaya's character has been well received among both readers and reviewers. Amongst the "Bleach" reader base, he has been highly popular, placing high in several popularity polls. Several pieces of merchandise have been released in Hitsugaya's likeness, including action figures, plush toys and key chains. Anime and manga publications have provided acclaim and criticism of Hitsugaya's character.
Appearances.
In the "Bleach" manga and anime series.
Hitsugaya lived with his grandmother and with Momo Hinamori, whom he considers a very close friend. Hitsugaya excelled in the Soul Reaper academy, becoming the youngest captain in the history of Soul Society with command over Squad 10. Introduced to the Gotei 13, Hitsugaya suspected Squad 3 captain Gin Ichimaru of foul play as the circumstances surrounding the coming execution of Rukia Kuchiki become more complicated. When Hinamori is manipulated into thinking that Hitsugaya killed Sōsuke Aizen, Hitsugaya attacks Gin on the notion that he tricked her. The fight is interrupted when Hitsugaya dodges an attack that almost kills Hinamori, only to be intercepted by his lieutenant Rangiku Matsumoto. Seeing how destructive Rukia's execution is becoming, Hitsugaya tries to stop it by appealing to the Chamber 46, only to discover all members were murdered by Aizen, who faked his death. When Hitsugaya discovers Hinamori injured, Hitsugaya tries to kill Aizen but is defeated.
In a later arc, Hitsugaya leads a group of Soul Reapers assigned to defend Karakura Town against the Arrancar that Aizen has enlisted to his cause. He defeats Shawlong Qufang, and Luppi Antenor, and upon learning that Orihime Inoue has followed the Arrancars back to their home world, Hitsugaya returns to Soul Society to help in the preparation for the war against Aizen. At Karakura Town, he engages the Espada Tier Halibel before the she is mortally wounded by Aizen. From there, Hitsugaya engages Aizen, and is tricked into stabs Momo in the chest with Aizen taking advantage of the youth's rage of being tricked to cut his left limbs off. After Aizen's defeat and healed, Hitsugaya resolves to train so that he can more freely use his "bankai" to protect Hinamori.
When Kugo Ginjo steals Ichigo Kurosaki's Fullbring powers, Hitsugaya and several other high-ranking Soul Reapers appear in the human world. To help Ichigo regain his Soul Reaper powers and combat Kugo, captain-commander Genryūsai Shigekuni Yamamoto orders the Soul Reapers to give Ichigo some of their spirit energy. Hitsugaya then engages the Fullbringer Yukio Hans Vorarlbena in a cat-and-mouse game, ending with Hitsugaya encasing Yukio in ice, threatening to end his life if he does not release his Fullbring. During the Wandenreich invasion of Soul Society, Hitsugaya loses his "bankai" to the organization's member . But with the help of Kisuke Urahara, Hitsugaya retrieves his "bankai" from Cang Du and defeat the him.
In other media.
He appears in all of the four featured films in the series. He fights the Dark Ones with other Soul Reaper comrades in '. He is the main character in ', where he is accused of stealing the King's Seal, an ancient artifact, and stumbles across a dark secret concerning a long-dead Soul Reaper named Sōjirō Kusaka, who was his close friend and rival when he was younger. A one-shot manga chapter focusing on Histugaya's past was released to promote the film, revealing how Hitsugaya learned of his powers. Apparently, Kusaka uses the King's Seal to come back to life for revenge, but in the end is killed by Hitsugaya in a final rematch. He also appears in ', in which he loses his memories of Ichigo and Rukia, along with the other Soul Reapers. In ', after losing his memories about Rukia's disappearance and Ichigo, Hitsugaya along with other captains try to stop Ichigo from entering the Soul Society.
Hitsugaya is featured in the 30 minute original video animation, "Sealed Sword Frenzy", in which he is part of the group of captains sent to the real world to seal away the escaped and notoriously dangerous shinigami criminal, Baishin. During their first encounter, he successfully fends off the criminal, though Baishin escapes. Hitsugaya is a common playable character in "Bleach"-related video game, including the and the Nintendo home consoles series. Special versions of the character such his "bankai" form is featured in some games such ', and Hitsugaya in a school costume are unlockable in other games such as '. He is also a playable character in the Nintendo DS game, "Jump Ultimate Stars". He also appears in two "Bleach Beat Collection" albums aside. The first one was a compilation album with Hinamori and Matsumoto. The second one was also a compilation album, this time with Ichigo. A Hitsugaya and Hyōrinmaru's album was also released as part of "Bleach Breathless Collection". He was initially portrayed by Takashi Nagayama in the "Bleach" rock musicals. Later, in "Shinsei Rock Musical Bleach Reprise", Nagayama was replaced by Yūya Kido, who also was substituted; Takuya Kawaharada took the role.
Reception.
Hitsugaya has been highly popular in the "Weekly Shōnen Jump"'s "Bleach" popularity polls ranking most of the times within the top ten. In early 2008, Hitsugaya was voted the most popular character in the series, replacing Ichigo, who had previously held the position. Hyōrinmaru was voted the most popular "zanpakutō" in the "zanpakutō" popularity poll of the series. In the 2007 Japanese "Newtype" magazine character polls, he was voted the 9th most popular male character in any anime. In the 28th Annual "Animage" Readers' Poll, Anime Grand Prix, Hitsugaya was voted as the eighth most popular male anime character. He has also been featured in similar "Animage" monthly polls. Hitsugaya ranked eighth in 2008 and third in 2009 in a survey titled "The Character I Want to Be My Groom" from the Japanese music distributor Recochoku. In order to promote the second film of "Bleach", the trailer had the line "Execute Hitsugaya!". Kubo admitted that it was his own idea to make everybody be surprised, but he and Masakazu Morita, the voice actor of Ichigo, received a lot of letters from worried fans, causing Kubo to apologize in response. Various merchandise based on Hitsugaya's appearance has been created, including action figures, plush toys and key chains.
Various publications from manga, anime and other media have commented on Hitsugaya's character adding praise and criticism. He has been noted to be one of the most common "fan favorite" characters from the series. Carl Kimlinger from Anime News Network praised Steve Staley for giving an interesting variation of his voice rather than "integrity-destroying abominations". Also, he commented that Hitsugaya's unresolved personal issue is, along with the ones from others characters, a good part from the climax of the Soul Socitey story arc. He additionally praised the animation of Hitsugaya's "bankai" in the anime. Later, however, Kimlinger criticized it as "it makes him look like an arthritic blue crow". IGN's Ramsey Isler lamented the fact that his first fight against an Arrancar was not very entertaining and his character did not "get a chance to shine." Hitsugaya's early appearances were criticized by Isaac Hale from Pop Culture Shock who found Kubo was ignoring other characters and giving a lot of attention to him and Matsumoto's gags. However, in a later arc, Chris Beveridge of Mania.com noted he "has a pretty good arc" and "shine brightly" facing Aizen. His appearance in "DiamondDust Rebellion" were praised by Active Anime's Holly Ellingwood who found his motivations and back story "involving and intriguing". Similarly, Chris Beveridge from Mania.com praised "how he stands as a man" on this film.

</doc>
<doc id="2856713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856713" title="Neil Paterson">
Neil Paterson

Neil Paterson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856715" title="Anwar Shaikh">
Anwar Shaikh

Mohammad Anwar Shaikh (1 June 1928 – 25 November 2006; popularly known as Anwar Shaikh) was a Pakistani-born British author residing in Cardiff, Wales. Born Haji Mohammad, he was born into a devout Sunni Muslim family of Kashmiri Pandit ancestry in Gujrat, Punjab. His mother could recite a large part of the Qur'an from memory. During the violent days of the Partition of India in 1947 he, then filled with Muslim nationalist fervor, killed on one day two Sikhs, a father and his son. In his youth, Shaikh was a young ardent believer. He later killed another Sikh. But when he reached the age of 25, he began doubting Islam and later became its ardent critic, and memories of his crime have haunted him ever since. Thereafter he immigrated to the United Kingdom, married a Welsh woman, and became a successful businessman. The importance of Shaikh's work was recognised by Tariq Ali who devoted a chapter of his book "The Clash of Fundamentalisms" to his views and the reaction they provoked.
He converted to Hinduism and adopted the name Aniruddha Gyan Shikha.
Shaikh was living in Cardiff, Wales, when a fatwa was issued against him from his homeland Pakistan in 1995, where at least fourteen clerics issued death sentences against him for renouncing and criticising Islam. He died in Wales on 25 November 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2856719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856719" title="Friday the 13th (franchise)">
Friday the 13th (franchise)

Friday the 13th is an American horror franchise that comprises twelve slasher films, a television show, novels, comic books, and tie‑in merchandise. The franchise mainly focuses on the fictional character Jason Voorhees, who drowned as a boy at Camp Crystal Lake due to the negligence of the camp staff. Decades later, the lake is rumored to be "cursed" and is the setting for a series of mass murders. Jason is featured in all of the films, as either the killer or the motivation for the killings. The original film was written by Victor Miller and was produced and directed by Sean S. Cunningham. However, neither returned to write or direct any of the sequels. The films have grossed over $465 million at the box-office worldwide.
The first film was created to cash in on the success of "Halloween" (1978), and its own success led Paramount Pictures to purchase the full licensing rights to "Friday the 13th". Frank Mancuso, Jr., who produced the films, also developed the television show ' after Paramount released '. The television series was not connected to the franchise by any character or setting, but was created based on the idea of "bad luck and curses", which the film series symbolized. While the franchise was owned by Paramount, four films were adapted into novels, with "Friday the 13th Part III" adapted by two separate authors. When the franchise was sold to New Line Cinema, Cunningham returned as a producer to oversee two additional films, in addition to a crossover film with character Freddy Krueger from the "Nightmare on Elm Street" film series. Under New Line Cinema, 13 novellas and various comic book series featuring Jason were published.
Although the films were not popular with critics, "Friday the 13th" is considered one of the most successful media franchises in America—not only for the success of the films, but also because of the extensive merchandising and repeated references to the series in popular culture. The franchise's popularity has generated a fanbase who have created their own "Friday the 13th" films, fashioned replica Jason Voorhees costumes, and tattooed their bodies with "Friday the 13th" artwork. Jason's hockey mask has even become one of the most recognizable images in popular culture.
Films.
Overview.
In the original "Friday the 13th" (1980), Mrs. Voorhees (Betsy Palmer) stalks and murders the teenagers who are preparing Camp Crystal Lake for re‑opening. She is determined to ensure that the camp does not reopen after her son Jason (Ari Lehman) drowned in the lake because two staff members who were supposed to be watching him were having sex. The last counselor, Alice (Adrienne King), fends off Mrs. Voorhees long enough to grab a machete and decapitate her. In "Friday the 13th Part 2" (1981), Jason (Steve Daskewisz/Warrington Gillette) is revealed to be alive and fully grown. After killing Alice, Jason returns to Crystal Lake to guard it from all intruders. Five years later, a group of teenagers arrive at Crystal Lake to set up a new camp, but Jason murders them. Ginny Field (Amy Steel), the last counselor Jason attempts to kill, finds a cabin in the woods with a shrine built around the severed head of Mrs. Voorhees. Ginny fights back and slams a machete through Jason's shoulder. Jason is left for dead as Ginny is taken away in an ambulance. During the events of "Friday the 13th Part III" (1982), Jason (Richard Brooker) removes the machete from his shoulder and finds his way to Chris Higgins' (Dana Kimmell) local homestead. Chris returns to her property with some friends, and Jason kills anyone who wanders into the barn where he is hiding. Taking a hockey mask from a victim to hide his face, Jason leaves the barn to kill the rest of the group. Chris seemingly kills Jason with an axe to his head, but the night's events drive her into hysteria as the police take her away.
' (1984) continues where "Part III" leaves off, with Jason (Ted White) found by the police and taken to the local morgue after removing the axe. Upon arrival, Jason kills the coroner and a nurse before returning to Crystal Lake. A group of friends rent a house on Crystal Lake and fall victim to Jason's rampage. After killing the teens, Jason seeks out Trish (Kimberly Beck) and Tommy Jarvis (Corey Feldman), who live next door. While distracted by Trish, Jason is attacked and killed by Tommy. ' (1985) follows Tommy Jarvis (John Shepherd), who was committed to a mental health institution after the events of "The Final Chapter" and grew up constantly afraid that Jason (Tom Morga) will return. Roy Burns (Dick Wieand) uses Jason's persona to become a copycat killer at the halfway home to which Tommy has moved. Tommy, supervisor Pam (Melanie Kinnaman), and a young boy named Reggie (Shavar Ross) manage to defeat Roy. They eventually learn that Roy had a son who was murdered by one of the patients at the institution, triggering Roy to take on Jason's likeness and kill everyone there. "" (1986) begins with Tommy (Thom Mathews) visiting Jason's grave after being released from another mental institution. Tommy inadvertently resurrects Jason (C. J. Graham) with a piece of the fence surrounding the cemetery acting as a lightning rod. Jason immediately heads back to Crystal Lake and kills the people working at the new summer camp. Tommy eventually chains Jason to a boulder that he tosses into the lake, where he leaves Jason to die.
' (1988) begins an indeterminate length of time after "Jason Lives". Jason (Kane Hodder) is resurrected again, this time by the telekinetic Tina Shepard (Lar Park Lincoln), who is trying to resurrect her father who drowned in the lake when Tina was a child. Jason once again begins killing those who occupy Crystal Lake and is returned to the bottom of the lake after a battle with Tina. Jason is resurrected again in ' (1989) by an underwater electrical cable. He follows a group of students on their senior class cruise to Manhattan, where he kills the ship's crew and the majority of the students. Upon reaching Manhattan, Jason chases Rennie (Jensen Daggett) and Sean (Scott Reeves), the two remaining students, into the sewers. Jason eventually melts away because the sewer is flooded with toxic waste. In "" (1993), Jason, through an unexplained resurrection, is hunted by the FBI at Crystal Lake. The FBI sets up a sting that successfully kills Jason. Through possession, Jason manages to survive by passing his black heart from one being to the next. It is revealed that he has a sister and a niece, and that he needs them to get his body back. Jason resurrects himself, but his niece, Jessica Kimble (Kari Keegan), stabs him with a mystical dagger and he is dragged into Hell.
"Jason X" (2002) takes place in the future, when Jason has again been inexplicably resurrected. A scientist, Rowan Lafontaine (Lexa Doig), decides that cryonic suspension is the only method of stopping him, but Jason breaks free and kills the army personnel guarding him before he can be again imprisoned. Rowan manages to lure Jason into the cryo‑chamber, but he ruptures the tank and freezes both himself and Rowan. Over 400 years later, a team of students studying earth discover Jason's body and take it into space. Upon being thawed by the team, he proceeds to murder everyone aboard the spacecraft. He is seemingly killed, but is then resurrected via nanotechnology as a cyborg version of himself. Finally, he is ejected into space and lands on the planet Earth 2. The next "Friday the 13th" film, "Freddy vs. Jason" (2003), was a crossover with "A Nightmare on Elm Street". Set in the contemporary period, Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) resurrects Jason (Ken Kirzinger) and sends him to Springwood hoping that he will create enough fear among the residents that Freddy will be strong enough to invade their dreams. Jason accomplishes this but refuses to stop killing. A battle ensues both in the dream-world and at Crystal Lake. The outcome is left ambiguous, as Jason surfaces from the lake holding Freddy's severed head, which winks and laughs.
In 2009, a new "Friday the 13th" film which restarted the film series continuity was released. In this film, after witnessing his mother being beheaded at a young age, an adult Jason (Derek Mears) follows in her footsteps and kills anyone who comes to Crystal Lake. Jason subsequently kidnaps a young woman, Whitney Miller (Amanda Righetti), who reminds him of his mother. Six weeks after her disappearance, her brother, Clay Miller (Jared Padalecki), comes to look for her. The pair reunite and work together to seemingly kill Jason.
Development.
The original "Friday the 13th" was produced and directed by Sean S. Cunningham, who had previously worked with filmmaker Wes Craven on "The Last House on the Left" (1972). Cunningham, inspired by the success of John Carpenter's "Halloween" (1978), wanted "Friday the 13th" to be shocking, visually stunning, and "you jump out of your seat". Distancing himself from "The Last House on the Left", Cunningham wanted "Friday the 13th" to be more of a "roller coaster ride". The first film was meant to be "a real scary movie", and at the same time make audiences laugh. The concept for "Friday the 13th" began as nothing more than a title. "A Long Night at Camp Blood" was the working title Victor Miller used while he drafted a script, but Cunningham believed in his "Friday the 13th" moniker and rushed to place an advertisement in "International Variety". Worrying that someone else owned the rights to the title and wanting to avoid potential lawsuits, Cunningham thought it would be best to find out immediately. Cunningham commissioned a New York advertising agency to develop his visual concept of the "Friday the 13th" logo, which consisted of big block letters bursting through a pane of glass. In the end, Cunningham believed there were "no problems" with the title, but distributor George Mansour contends that there was an issue: "There was a movie before ours called "Friday the 13th: The Orphan". Moderately successful. But someone still threatened to sue. I don't know whether Phil [Scuderi paid them off, but it was finally resolved."
Following the success of "Friday the 13th" in 1980, Paramount Pictures began plans to make a sequel and immediately acquired the worldwide distribution rights. According to Paramount Pictures' Chairman and CEO Frank Mancuso, Sr., "We wanted it to be an event, where teenagers would flock to the theaters on that Friday night to see the latest episode." Initial ideas for a sequel involved the "Friday the 13th" title being used for a series of discontinuous films, released once a year, and each would be a separate "scary movie" of its own right. Phil Scuderi—a co‑owner of Esquire Theaters with Steve Minasian and Bob Barsamian and a producer of the original film—insisted that the sequel must have Jason Voorhees, Pamela's son, even though his appearance at the end of the original film was only meant to be a joke. Steve Miner, associate producer of the first film, believed in the idea, and he ultimately directed the first two sequels after Cunningham opted not to return to the director's chair.
The studio continued to generate sequels over the years, based on the financial success they produced compared to their relatively low budgets. With every film repeating the same basic premise, the filmmakers came up with subtle adjustments so the audience would return. Changes involved the addition of a subtitle—as opposed to just a number attached to the end—like "The Final Chapter" and "Jason Takes Manhattan", or filming the movie in 3-D, as Miner did for "Friday the 13th Part III". The third film would also be the birthplace of one of the most recognizable images in popular culture, that of Jason's hockey mask. Producer Frank Mancuso, Jr. eventually decided to kill Jason for good, after he experienced problems finding new films to produce that were more than just horror movies, because his name brought constant association to the "Friday the 13th" film series.
Jason would not stay buried for long, as the success of "The Final Chapter" ensured another "Friday the 13th" film. Mancuso, Sr. stated, "Quite simply, the public still wanted to see these films. So until they really stopped coming, why not continue to make more?" "A New Beginning" shifted the focus of the story to the character of Tommy Jarvis and how he battles his inner demons, hallucinations, and "rages to kill" after his ordeal with Jason in "The Final Chapter". This premise was not repeated, as the very next installment brought Jason back from the dead. "Jason Lives" attempted to create a "funnier, faster, and more action-packed [...] "Friday"" than had previously been done. The limited financial success of "Jason Lives" provided enough incentive to create another sequel, "The New Blood". The idea proposed by screenwriter Daryl Haney stemmed from his realization that the films always ended with Jason battling the "final girl". Haney decided that this final girl should have telekinetic powers, which led Producer Barbara Sachs to dub the film, "Jason vs. Carrie".
Plans were made to take Jason away from Crystal Lake and place him in a larger environment for the eighth film. New York City was selected as the main setting, with Jason spending approximately a third of the movie on a boat before reaching New York. The film was then subtitled "Jason Takes Manhattan". Ultimately, the character spent the majority of the time on the cruise ship, as budget restrictions forced scenes of New York to be trimmed or downgraded. Vancouver had to substitute for the majority of the New York scenes.
When "Jason Takes Manhattan" failed to perform successfully at the box office, Sean Cunningham decided that he wanted to reacquire the rights to "Friday the 13th" and start working with New Line Cinema on "Freddy vs. Jason", as New Line owned the "Nightmare on Elm Street" franchise. The concept of a fight between Freddy and Jason was not new, since Paramount had approached New Line about filming a crossover years before the latter had gained the licensing rights to "Friday the 13th". At that time, both companies wanted the license to the other's character so that they could control the making of the film. Negotiations on the project were never finalized, which led Paramount to make "The New Blood". After "Jason Takes Manhattan" was released in 1989, the rights reverted to Scuderi, Minasian, and Barsamianto, who sold them to New Line. Before Cunningham could start working on "Freddy vs. Jason", Wes Craven returned to New Line to make "New Nightmare". This effectively put "Freddy vs. Jason" on hold, but allowed Cunningham the chance to bring Jason back into the spotlight with "Jason Goes to Hell". The ninth installment "turned a healthy profit", though it was only intended to open the door for a crossover with Freddy Krueger rather than to start a new series for New Line. Ultimately, the film series would go through another sequel before that would happen. Cunningham's "frustration" with the delayed development of the "Freddy vs. Jason" project forced him to create another sequel in an effort to keep the franchise in the minds of audiences. Based on "Jason Takes Manhattan"s concept of taking Jason away from Crystal Lake, the 10th film would put the titular character in space. The film suffered from the loss of its biggest supporter, President of Production Michael De Luca, when he resigned from his position. Lack of support forced the finished film to sit for two years before finally being released on April 26, 2002, and it would go on to become the lowest grossing film in the franchise at the domestic box office. It also held the distinction of having the largest budget of any of the previous films at that time.
After more than 15 years of off-and-on development, and approximately $6 million spent in 18 unused scripts from more than a dozen screenwriters, New Line finally produced a Freddy and Jason crossover for 2003. One of the biggest hurdles for the film was developing a story that managed to bring the two horror icons together. Potential stories varied widely, from Freddy having molested and drowned Jason as a child, to a cult of Freddy worshipers called the "Fred Heads". In January 2007, Platinum Dunes producers Andrew Form and Brad Fuller outlined their intended goal to bring a "Friday the 13th" reboot to life. New Line approached Fuller and Form to create a reboot, but because Paramount still owned certain copyrights to the first film, the reboot would not be able to use anything from the original. Paramount, who wanted to be included in the development of a reboot, approached the producers and gave them license to use anything from the original films, including the title. With Paramount on board, Fuller and Form decided they wanted to use pieces from the early films. Fuller said, "I think there are moments we want to address, like how does the hockey mask happen." Damian Shannon and Mark Swift, writers of "Freddy vs. Jason", were brought on to pen the script for the new film, with Marcus Nispel, director of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" remake of 2003, hired in November 2007 to direct.
Music.
When Harry Manfredini began working on the musical score for the 1980 film, the decision was made to play the music only alongside the killer so as not to trick the audience into believing that the killer was around during moments that they were not supposed to be. Manfredini explains that the lack of music for certain scenes was deliberate: "There's a scene where one of the girls [...] is setting up the archery area [...] One of the guys shoots an arrow into the target and just misses her. It's a huge scare, but if you notice, there's no music. That was a choice." Manfredini also noted that when something "was" about to happen, the music would cut off so that the audience would relax a bit, which allowed the scare to become more effective.
Since Mrs. Voorhees, the killer in the original "Friday the 13th", does not show up until the final reel of the film, Manfredini had the job of creating a score that would represent the killer in her absence. Manfredini was inspired by the 1975 film "Jaws", where the shark is not seen for the majority of the film, but the motif created by John Williams cued the audience as to when the shark was present during scenes and unseen. While listening to a piece of Krzysztof Penderecki music, which contained a chorus with "striking pronunciations", Manfredini was inspired to recreate a similar sound for "Friday the 13th". He came up with the sound "ki ki ki, ma ma ma", based on the line "Kill her mommy!", which Mrs. Voorhees recites repeatedly in the final reel. The "ki" comes from "kill", and the "ma" from "mommy". To achieve the unique sound he wanted for the film, Manfredini spoke the two words "harshly, distinctly, and rhythmically into a microphone" and ran them into an echo reverberation machine. Manfredini finished the original score after a few weeks and recorded it in a friend's basement. Victor Miller and assistant editor Jay Keuper have commented on how memorable the music is, with Keuper describing it as "iconographic". Manfredini makes note of the mispronunciation of the sounds: "Everybody thinks it's cha, cha, cha. I'm like, 'Cha, cha, cha'? What are you talking about?"
When Manfredini returned for the first sequel, he had an easier time composing since he only needed to perfect what he had already created. Over the course of the sequels, Manfredini loosened the philosophy that the theme should be reserved just for the killer. Manfredini describes the style of the sequels as more of a "setting 'em up and knocking 'em down" approach, which meant that there were more "McGuffins and red‑herrings" that required the killer's theme music be played to try to trick the audience. Manfredini explains, "The original had the real myopic approach, and then we had to start thinking of the sequels as more conventional films." For "Part 3", Manfredini only returned to score the first and last reels of the film because he was busy with a Broadway production. Jack Tillar pieced together portions of the score from the first two films to fill the remaining time for "Part 3", while Michael Zagar composed an opening and closing theme. Manfredini and Zagar met at the latter's apartment, where Zagar rescored the original opening theme using a disco beat. Manfredini returned for "The Final Chapter", and although there were similar elements to the score, everything was newly recorded for the fourth "Friday the 13th".
When he began work on the score for "A New Beginning", Manfredini created a theme just for the character of Tommy Jarvis. The idea was to suggest that there was "madness afoot", which he believed helped to "'point the finger' at various characters [...] to suggest that things were not as you might expect". For "Jason Lives", Tom McLoughlin instructed Manfredini to create a score that would not alert the audience about what was happening or about to happen, "but instead allow the audience to do it to themselves". McLoughlin took this idea from John Carpenter's 1978 film "Halloween", which would always follow any shock in the film with Carpenter's "Eeeeeeee!" sound. McLoughlin wanted something more subtle, with a "Gothic" resonance.
Manfredini did not score "The New Blood" and "Jason Takes Manhattan" because of prior film engagements, but his scores from previous films were reused. While Manfredini was working on Sean Cunningham's "DeepStar Six", Producer Iain Paterson hired Fred Mollin, who was scoring "", to finish composing the music to "The New Blood". Manfredini's original music only filled half the film. Mollin returned to fully score "Jason Takes Manhattan", and worked with Steve Mizer to write an original song reminiscent of Robert Plant for the opening credits. Manfredini would score the next two entries in the series before being replaced on "Freddy vs. Jason". The official reason for Manfredini's replacement was because New Line wanted to take the series in a "new direction", but Manfredini contends that the final cut of "Freddy vs. Jason" was "just the same thing".
Box office.
The "Friday the 13th" films generally received negative reception from professional critics, in contrast to other slasher films like "Halloween". Critics disliked how the series favored high body counts over plot and character development and how each film was almost indistinguishable from the last. Nevertheless, the films were a financial success, prompting Paramount to release more sequels contingent on the box office appeal. When comparing "Friday the 13th" to the other top-grossing American horror franchises—"A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Child's Play", "Halloween", the Hannibal Lecter series, "Psycho", "Saw", "Scream", and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre"—and adjusting for the 2011 inflation, "Friday the 13th" is the highest grossing horror franchise in the United States, with approximately $687.1 million. "A Nightmare on Elm Street" follows with $592.8 million, with the Hannibal Lecter film series closely behind with $588.7 million. Then comes "Halloween" with $557.5 million, "Saw" with $457.4 million, "Scream" with $442.9 million, "Psycho" with $376.3 million, "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with $304.6 million, and the "Child's Play" film series rounding out the list with approximately $203 million. The financial success has extended to home release, with more than five million DVDs sold by 2005.
Future.
In an interview, producers Brad Fuller and Andrew Form expressed an interest in doing another "Friday the 13th" film, citing the enjoyment they had working on the 2009 reboot. On October 1, 2009, Warner Bros. announced that they planned to release the "Friday the 13th" sequel on August 13, 2010. Subsequently, Warner Bros. announced on December 10, 2009 that the sequel had been pulled from the August 13 release slot and is now listed as "TBD" (to be determined). Currently, Damian Shannon and Mark Swift are penning the sequel. On April 21, 2010, Fuller announced on his Twitter page that a sequel to the 2009 remake was no longer in the works, declaring it, "dead — not happening". In a later interview, Fuller explained that the making of the 2009 remake was a joint effort by Paramount and New Line, who both own portions of the "Friday the 13th" franchise. With the economy down, both studios are limiting the films that they produce each year, opting for lower risks and higher rewards. As such, films like "Friday the 13th Part 2" were put on hold, with the hope that when the economy bounced back, they would move forward with the next installment. Form explained that since neither studio wants to walk away from the production of a sequel and have it perform well without their involvement, thus making them look like "idiots", the chance of having one studio being the primary producing house was rejected. Form and Fuller also mentioned that the "Friday the 13th" sequel may be a 3‑D film, should it ever get the green light for production. On February 1, 2011, it was reported that a script for a sequel had been completed. Brad Fuller states that he is ready when New Line Cinema is ready. On June 5, 2013, it was reported that Warner Bros. relinquished their film rights to the "Friday the 13th" series back to Paramount as part of a deal that allows Warner Bros. to co-produce "Interstellar". One week later, Derek Mears revealed that Paramount is working with Platinum Dunes to make a new installment "as fast as possible".
Television.
On September 28, 1987, Paramount began airing ', a television series that focuses on two cousins' attempts to recover cursed antiques that were sold from a shop they inherited from their uncle. The show starred John D. LeMay as Ryan Dallion and Louise Robey as Michelle Foster. It was created by Frank Mancuso, Jr. and Larry B. Williams originally under the title of "The 13th Hour", and the series ran for 72 episodes. Mancuso, Jr. never intended to link the television show directly to the film series, but he utilized "the idea of "Friday the 13th", which is that it symbolizes bad luck and curses". The creators wanted to tie‑in Jason's trademark hockey mask to the series, but the idea was discarded so that the show could have a chance to exist on its own. Mancuso, Jr. was afraid that mentioning any events from the films would take the audience away from "the new world that we were trying to create". The decision to name the show "Friday the 13th" over the original title was made because Mancuso, Jr. believed a ""Friday the 13th"" moniker would better help to sell the show to networks. Filming took place in Toronto, Canada. "Friday the 13th: The Series" initially aired in first-run syndication in a late-night spot; the success of the series as a late-night show prompted some broadcasting stations to move it to primetime. Produced on a budget estimated below $500,000 per episode, the first season placed second in the male 18 to 49 year old demographic, just behind Paramount's '. In addition, the first season placed fifth in the female 18 to 49 year old demographic.
In September 2003, during a panel session at the Maniafest convention, Sean S. Cunningham spoke about the possibility of bringing "Friday the 13th" to television, with the series focusing on a group of teenagers living in the Crystal Lake area. On October 22, 2005, Cunningham discussed the potential series further. He explained that the idea was to call the series "Crystal Lake Chronicles", and "set in a town with all this Jason history". The series would focus more on "coming-of-age issues", in a similar style to "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Dawson's Creek", and "Smallville", with Jason as more of a recurring "background" character.
In April 2014, it was announced that Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films and Crystal Lake Entertainment were planning to produce an hour-long "Friday the 13th" television series. The series is intended to focus on a group of characters at Crystal Lake, who have to deal with the return of Jason Voorhees, as well as discover new information about him and his family.
Literature.
Novels.
Six of the 12 films have been adapted into novels—"Friday the 13th 1 – 3", "Jason Lives", "Jason X", and "Freddy vs. Jason"—with "Friday the 13th Part 3" being adapted twice. The first novel was Michael Avallone's 1982 adaptation of "Friday the 13th Part 3"; Avallone had previously adapted "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" and "Shock Treatment". The author chose to use an alternate ending, one that was filmed for "Part 3" but never used, as the conclusion for his adaptation. In the alternate ending, Chris, who is in a canoe, hears her boyfriend Rick's voice and immediately runs back to the house. When she opens the door, Jason is standing there with a machete and decapitates her. The next book was not published until 1986, when Simon Hawke adapted "Jason Lives". Hawke would also adapt the first three films into novels, and his adaptation of the original "Friday the 13th" was published in 1987, with novelizations of "Part 2" and "3" both being published in 1988. Hawke's first adaptation, "Jason Lives", introduced the character of Elias Voorhees, Jason's father, who was supposed to appear in the film before being cut by the studio. The book explains how Elias has Jason's body buried, instead of the planned cremation, after his death in "The Final Chapter".
In 1994, four young adult novels were released under the title of "Friday the 13th". These stories focused on different people finding Jason's mask and becoming possessed by his spirit, but the actual character did not appear in the novels. The novels were written by Author Eric Morse and published in 1994. The books are titled Mother's Day, Jason's Curse, The Carnival, and Road Trip. In 2003 and 2005, Black Flame published novelizations of "Freddy vs. Jason" and "Jason X". After the release of the "Jason X" novel, Black Flame began publishing two series of novels. One set was published under the "Jason X" title, while the second set used the "Friday the 13th" moniker. The "Jason X" series consisted of four sequels to the 2005 adaptation. The first to be published was "Jason X: The Experiment", which saw the government attempting to exploit Jason's indestructibility to create an army of "super soldiers". The second novel, "Planet of the Beast", follows the efforts of Dr. Bardox and his crew as they try to clone a comatose Jason and stay alive when Jason awakens. "Death Moon" revolves around Jason crash-landing at Moon Camp Americana, and the final novel, "To the Third Power", is about the discovery of a Jason clone underneath a prison.
The "Friday the 13th" series of novels are not connected to the "Jason X" series and do not continue any story set forth by the films. Instead, each novel developed the character of Jason in its own way. "Friday the 13th: Church of the Divine Psychopath" has Jason resurrected by a religious cult. In "Friday the 13th: Hell Lake", a recently executed serial killer, Wayne Sanchez, persuades Jason to help him escape back to the real world. In "Hate-Kill-Repeat", two religious serial killers attempt to find Jason at Crystal Lake, believing that the three of them share the same contempt for those that break the moral code. "The Jason Strain" places Jason on an island with a group of death row convicts—placed there by television executives running a reality game show—while a scientist attempts to create an age-retarding "super drug" from Jason's DNA. Instead, she creates a virus that reanimates the dead into zombies. The character of Pamela Voorhees returns from the grave in "Carnival of Maniacs", and she searches for Jason, who is now part of a traveling sideshow and about to be auctioned off to the highest bidder.
Comic books.
Since New Line Cinema's acquisition of the franchise, several "Friday the 13th" comic books have been published by Topps Comics, Avatar Press, and DC Comics imprint WildStorm. The first comic book release for the franchise was the 1993 Topps Comics adaptation of "Jason Goes to Hell", written by Andy Mangels. The three-issue series was a condensed version of the film with a few added scenes. Topps Comics published another series in 1995, with Nancy A. Collins writing a three-issue, non‑canonical miniseries involving a crossover between Jason and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre"'s Leatherface. The story involves Jason stowing away aboard a train and eventually meeting Leatherface. The two initially become friends, with Leatherface adopting Jason into the former's family. After a series of misunderstandings, Jason and Leatherface turn on each other.
On May 13, 2005, New Line first exercised their rights to use the "Friday the 13th" moniker when they, along with Avatar comics, released a special issue of "Friday the 13th". Written by Brian Pulido and illustrated by Mike Wolfer and Greg Waller, the story takes place after the events of "Freddy vs. Jason", where siblings Miles and Laura Upland inherit Camp Crystal Lake. Knowing that Jason caused the recent destruction, Laura, unknown to her brother, sets out to kill Jason with a paramilitary group so that she and her brother can sell the property. The issue pre‑sold more than 17,500 copies. Avatar released a three-issue miniseries titled "Friday the 13th: Bloodbath" in September 2005. The series was written by Brian Pulido, illustrated by Mike Wolfer and Andrew Dalhouse, and revolves around a group of teenagers who come to Camp Tomorrow, a camp that sits on Crystal Lake, for work and a "party-filled weekend". The teenagers begin to discover that they share common family backgrounds and soon awaken Jason, who proceeds to kill them. Brian Pulido returned for a third time in October 2005 to write another special issue for Avatar, titled "Jason X". Picking up after the events of the "Jason X" film, Jason is now on Earth 2 where a bioengineer, Kristen, attempts to subdue him in hopes that she can use his regenerative tissue to save her own life and the lives of those she loves. In February 2006, Avatar published their final "Friday the 13th" comic, a two-issue miniseries titled "Friday the 13th: Jason vs. Jason X". The series was written and illustrated by Mike Wolfer. The story takes place after the events of the film "Jason X", where a salvage team discovers the spaceship Grendel and awakens a regenerated Jason Voorhees. The "original" Jason and Über-Jason, a version of Jason with mechanical limbs, are drawn into a battle to the death. In June 2006, a one-shot comic titled "Friday the 13th: Fearbook" was released, written by Mike Wolfer with art by Sebastian Fiumara. In the comic, Jason is captured and experimented upon by the Trent Organization. Jason escapes and seeks out Violet, the survivor of "Friday the 13th: Bloodbath", whom the Trent Organization is holding in their Crystal Lake headquarters.
In December 2006, WildStorm began publishing its own series of comic books under the "Friday the 13th" title. The first set was a six-issue miniseries that involves Jason's return to Crystal Lake, a lone survivor's tale of the murder of her friends by a monster, a new revelation about the evil surrounding Crystal Lake, and the truth of what Jason embodies. The miniseries pre‑sold approximately 60,318 copies altogether, with each issue pre‑selling 15,800, 9,600, 8,964, 8,637, 8,715, and 8,602 copies, respectively. On July 11 and August 15, 2007, WildStorm published a two-part special titled "Friday the 13th: Pamela's Tale". The two-issue comic book covers Pamela Voorhees' journey to Camp Crystal Lake and the story of her pregnancy with Jason as she recounts it to hitchhiker Annie, a camp counselor who is killed in the original film. The miniseries pre‑sold a combined 16,051 copies.
WildStorm released another comic book special, titled "Friday the 13th: How I Spent My Summer Vacation", consisting of two issues that were released on September 12 and October 10, 2007. The comic book provides insight into the psychology of Jason Voorhees as he befriends a boy born with a skull deformity. The first issue of "How I Spent My Summer Vacation" pre‑sold approximately 7,837 copies. WildStorm released a six-issue sequel to "Freddy vs. Jason", titled "Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash", starring the two aforementioned killers and Ash from the "Evil Dead" film series. The story focuses on Freddy using the Necronomicon, which is in the basement of the Voorhees home, to escape from Jason's subconscious and "gain powers unlike anything he's had before". Freddy attempts to use Jason to retrieve the book, but Ash, who is working at the local S‑Mart in Crystal Lake, learns of the book's existence and sets out to destroy it once and for all. The story, by Jeff Katz, was a sequel to the "Freddy vs. Jason" film in development before the former film had been theatrically released. After meeting with executives, the negotiations ended and the story was shelved. Following the success of "Freddy vs. Jason", the idea of including Ash was brought up again, but New Line ultimately decided they would put the story in comic book form and bring in James Kuhoric to write and Jason Craig to do the artwork. On January 9 and February 13, 2008, WildStorm released another two-issue miniseries, titled "Friday the 13th: Bad Land", which was written and illustrated by Ron Marz and Mike Huddleston, respectively. The series explores the history of Crystal Lake before Pamela and Jason Voorhees arrived. "Bad Land" takes place in two time frames, the "present day" and 250 years before "present day". It follows three hikers in the present and three fur trappers in the past, each of whom is snowed in by a blizzard at Crystal Lake. Each group experiences similar events, suggesting that there is a connection between the two groups. A one-shot comic, titled "Friday the 13th: Abuser and the Abused", written by Joshua Hale Fialkov with artwork by Andy B., was released on April 30, 2008. The story involves a teenager named Maggie tricking her abusive boyfriend into travelling to Crystal Lake, where she plans to murder him, but she encounters Jason shortly after arriving at the camp. On June 24, 2009, the six-issue sequel to "Freddy vs. Jason vs. Ash", subtitled , began. Written by Jeff Katz and James Kuhoric, and illustrated by Jason Craig, the miniseries has Ash and survivors of both Freddy and Jason banding together to defeat the two after Freddy is released from the world of the Deadites by government operatives who had discovered the "Necronomicon".
Documentaries.
There have been two documentary books released chronicling the making of the "Friday the 13th" films. In February 2005, FAB Press published their book containing interviews with the cast and crew of the "Friday the 13th" series of films. David Grove, a film journalist who has written for "Fangoria", "Cinefantastique", and various other British magazines detailing the creation of the "Friday the 13th" films, wrote the comprehensive book, "Making Friday the 13th: The Legend of Camp Blood". Grove interviewed over 100 "key personnel involved in making the films" to collect "detailed production histories of each of the 11 films", not including interviews with other film professionals like Wes Craven. Grove's book also includes previously unseen production photos which were acquired from private collections.
Eight months after the release of Grove's book, Titan Books, in association with Sparkplug Press, released a detailed history on the "Friday the 13th" series. Peter M. Bracke released "Crystal Lake Memories: The Complete History of Friday the 13th" on October 24, 2005. The book chronicles the creation of the series up to the release of "Freddy vs. Jason". Bracke spent three years researching the series and collecting more than 200 interviews from the cast and crew of each of the films. Bracke's extensive work for the book prompted Sean S. Cunningham to provide a foreword. "Crystal Lake Memories" also includes images, storyboards, concept art, and publicity material that had not been released to the public. A private party was held on October 22, 2005 at Universal Studios CityWalk Hollywood for the book's premiere.
A documentary film, titled ', was released in February 2009. This film was directed by Daniel Farrands, who had also written the film ' as well as a documentary on "The Amityville Horror". The film was broadcast on the Starz television channel during the first week of February, and afterwards it was released on DVD on February 3, 2009. The documentary is hosted by special make‑up effects artist Tom Savini, who interviews the cast and crew members of each of the "Friday the 13th" films, asking them questions on the choices they made during filming. It also features interviews with journalists and other filmmakers who offer their opinion of the series.
In September 2013, Farrands wrote and directed a second documentary film on the "Friday" franchise, this time directly inspired by Bracke's book. "Crystal Lake Memories: The Complete History of Friday the 13th" discusses each of the twelve films, from the original to the 2009 remake, as well as the television series. It is narrated by Corey Feldman, and also features interviews with key individuals in the franchise's history. Farrands has suggested that his work on the well-received 2010 film, "", which documented the making of the "Nightmare on Elm Street" series, demonstrated the possibility for a documentary film that was more in depth and more comprehensive than his previous effort, "His Name Was Jason". In making such a film, Farrands turned to Bracke's book, which he had also worked on, and drew from its structure and content.
Merchandise.
In addition to the films, television series, and various literature based on the "Friday the 13th" franchise, there are over 100 licensed products that have grossed more than $125 million in revenue. In May 1986, Domark released a "Friday the 13th" game for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum. The plot involved the player picking a "sanctuary" on a map, and then trying to persuade other teenagers to go hide there. Jason is "disguised as a friend" until he decides to attack the player. Three years later, LJN developed a game for the Nintendo Entertainment System. In the 2000s, Xendex developed their own "Friday the 13th" game, this time for mobile phones. In the game, the player takes the role of one of the staff members at Camp Crystal Lake. While the staff is preparing the camp for its first summer weekend, an "unknown stalker" begins murdering each of them. The player must discover the truth and escape the camp alive. There was also a "Friday the 13th" board game released in the United Kingdom, which contained "blood capsules that you crunch in your mouth to create home‑made special effects".
Over the years, the characters of "Friday the 13th" have been marketed under various toy lines. In 1988, Screamin' Toys produced a model kit of Jason Voorhees. Six years later, Screamin' Toys issued a second model kit based on Jason's appearance in "Jason Goes to Hell". Both kits are no longer in production. In 1998, as part of McFarlane Toys' Movie Maniacs 1 collection, a figure of Jason from "Jason Goes to Hell" was released. Jason was one of the three most popular figures sold from the Movie Maniacs 1 collection, and the other two were Freddy Krueger and Leatherface. The following year, scale models of Jason and Freddy in a glass display case were released by MacFarlane Toys. In 2002, as part of its Movie Maniacs 5 collection, McFarlane released a model of Über-Jason from "Jason X". McFarlane did not release another "Friday the 13th" collectable until November 2006, when a 3-dimensional movie poster was released. Since 2002, there has been a steady production of action figures, dolls, and statuettes, with more merchandise tying into the film "Freddy vs. Jason".
Apart from video games and toys, the series has also seen the release of its films' soundtracks. In 1982, Gramavision Records released a LP album of selected pieces of Harry Manfredini's scores from the first three films. On September 27, 2005, BSX Records released a limited edition CD of Fred Mollin's scores. On January 13, 2012, La-La Land Records released a limited edition 6-CD boxset containing Manfredini's scores from the first six films. Beginning with "Jason Goes to Hell", each film in the series has had their musical score and soundtrack released for sale.
Impact.
In December 2006, IGN ranked "Friday the 13th" seventh in the top 25 film franchises. Qualifications included: the franchise must have at least three films released before December 2006; the franchises must be either a commercial or artistic success; and the franchise must have had some form of impact on popular culture. Three senior editors, the editor-in-chief, and IGN's entertainment editorial manager judged the various film franchises. In commenting on "Friday the 13th"s seventh place ranking, the general consensus among the reviewers was that even though the "Halloween" franchise started the slasher genre, "Friday the 13th" became one of "the most influential franchises of the 1980s" and that its commercial success through 11 films, novelizations, comic books, and other collectables is proof of its legacy. ABC Online's Arts and Entertainment reporter, Gary Kemble, makes note of the popularity of the franchise throughout popular culture. Kemble points out that Jason's mask, which was not adopted until the third film in the series, is one of the most widely recognizable images in popular culture. Talking with Brenna O'Brien, co‑founder of the Fridaythe13thfilms.com website, the pair discusses how the fan base of the franchise has become so impassioned with the series that they have created films, latex body suits to emulate Jason's appearance, and tattoos of Jason and the "Friday the 13th" moniker on their body.
S. T. Karnick, editor of "American Culture", wrote an article for the "National Review" detailing the impact "Friday the 13th" has had on the slasher genre and noting that the reasons critics have deplored the films are the same reasons why the franchise has had such a strong influence. Karnick explained that "Friday the 13th" did not try and recreate the same "clever" film that John Carpenter made in 1978, but instead "the formula" of "Halloween", and "[boiled it down to its essentials" so that it could be copied by other filmmakers. In his assessment, "Friday the 13th" changed the horror genre by purposefully not providing back‑stories for characters so that when the audience witnessed a character's death, they are "strangely unaffected". Instead, "Friday the 13th" focuses on the history and motivations of the killer, who would exact revenge not on the people directly responsible, but on innocent people—a formula Karnick notes was replicated in "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Child's Play", "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "Saw", the Hannibal Lecter films, and the "Halloween" sequels. As Karnick sees it, "these films spoke directly to fears of increasing crime and social dislocation provided audiences with ways to detach from these worries and conquer their fears of violence by laughing at it."
In Karnick's eyes, contemporary critics have failed to see how the film has affected audiences and subsequently branded the film series as "both irresponsible (for numbing audiences to violence) and puritanical (for showing the murders of sexually active teens)". Quoting director John Carpenter, Karnick emphasized that "teens thus dispatched became victims not as punishment for sexual activity but simply because they were too preoccupied to notice the presence of a murderer". Pointing to Roger Ebert as a prime example of how critics have misunderstood the films (Ebert wrote that during a screening of "Friday the 13th Part 2", he noticed that the audience had no sympathy for the victims and cheered during death scenes), Karnick explains that Ebert's remarks show how the film series forces "audiences to experience the very thing that motivates the murders: a lack of compassion". In closing, Karnick suggested that these films were not puritanical, but proved that audiences "could be just as indifferent and callous as the characters in the films".

</doc>
<doc id="2856725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856725" title="Uttoxeter railway station">
Uttoxeter railway station

Uttoxeter railway station serves the town of Uttoxeter in Staffordshire, England. It is served by trains on the Crewe-Derby Line which is also a Community rail line known as the North Staffordshire line. The station is owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains (EMT) Train Operating Company (TOC).
The full range of tickets for travel are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost, but there are no retail facilities at this station.
History.
North Staffordshire Railway.
The present station was built by the North Staffordshire Railway (NSR) to serve its main line from to . Prior to 1881, three different stations had been in use simultaneously, all being built by the NSR.
The section from Stoke-on-Trent to Uttoxeter was opened on 7 August 1848. The first station opened in the town was "Uttoxeter Bridge Street" station, which opened the same day as the line opened from Stoke. The following month on 11 September 1848 the line was completed through to Burton and through running between Stoke and Derby began. When the Churnet Valley Line was opened on 13 July 1849, "Uttoxeter Junction" station was opened on the mainline to serve as an interchange with the Churnet Valley line and on the same date, "Uttoxeter Dove Bank" station was also opened on the Churnet Valley line.
Uttoxeter then had three stations in total. In 1880, the NSR decided to close all three and construct a north to west line forming a triangular junction. A new Uttoxeter station replaced all three at this new junction and opened on 10 October 1881. There is a model of the 1881 station at the Uttoxeter Heritage Centre.
The Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway which opened in 1867 also used the station but this line was operated by the Great Northern Railway.
London, Midland and Scottish Railway.
On 1 January 1923, under the Railways Act 1921, the North Staffordshire Railway was absorbed by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS). During this period of time the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway, which had become part of the London and North Eastern Railway, closed to passengers on 4 December 1939, but the line remained open for good traffic until 5 March 1951.
British Rail.
The LMS was nationalised in 1948 and became part of British Rail.
The last mainline steam train use the station on 16 September 1957 and thereafter an hourly DMU service operated which has been used ever since.
Passenger services on the Churnet Valley line from Uttoxeter towards and ceased operation 2 January 1965, and the trains towards Ashbourne and Buxton ceased on 1 November 1954. The last mainline steam train ran on 16 September 1957. The Engine sheds closed on 7 December 1964 A siding which was part of the old Churnet valley line remained until the 1980s.
The station buildings were destroyed by fire on 9 May 1987 and the station is now unstaffed.
Privatisation.
On 2 March 1997, the station became part of the Central Trains franchise. Trains would run from the station from Manchester Airport to Skegness railway station. In 2004, the Manchester Airport train was cut short to Crewe and, in September 2005, the Skegness train was cut short to Derby.
The Central Trains franchise expired on 11 November 2007 and the station and its services were taken over by a new company called East Midlands Trains.
Today.
The station is around 5 minutes walk from the town centre. It has two platforms (connected by a level crossing), and a car park. Since 2002, there have been proposals to build a ticket office, but that is unlikely in the short term. There are bus shelters on both platforms and a real bus stop just outside the station on Station Road. New LED information boards on both platforms were introduced in 2007, replacing a single television screen at the station entrance. The station was unstaffed between 1988 and 2012, when it became staffed for the first time in 24 years for the purpose of helping people across the level crossing to platform 2.
In 2013 a footbridge with disabled access opened at the station, so the level crossing is no longer used to cross the line. There is also now direct access to Uttoxeter Racecourse, which is adjacent to the station, and a car park for the Racecourse on the north side of the line.
Uttoxeter is also the railway station for Alton Towers theme park, for which there is a semi-regular bus link.
Services.
Uttoxeter is served by one train per hour in each direction usually operated by a class 153, 156 or a 158.
During the Midlands Grand National extra trains are provided by East Midlands Trains to cope with the capacity.
The station also has a bus stop and is served by routes 30, 32, 32A and 402.

</doc>
<doc id="2856735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856735" title="John Reynolds (motorcycle racer)">
John Reynolds (motorcycle racer)

John Stephen Reynolds (born June 27, 1963) is a retired British motorcycle racer from Kimberley, Nottinghamshire, England. He won the British Superbike Championship in 1992, 2001 and 2004. 
His first domestic success lead him into the 500cc World Championship on a Padgetts Harris-Yamaha, taking 8 top 10 finishes over two seasons. He joined Revé Kawasaki in World Superbikes for 1995, qualifying 2nd at Brands Hatch and taking 3rd place finishes there and Assen, en route to 10th overall. In 1996 he rode a Suzuki to 12th overall. Although he never did a full season of international racing again, he had a strong record as an occasional rider in future years, taking a win at Brands Hatch in 2000 and a pole position in 2003.
In 1997 John returned to Revé, now running Ducatis in the reformed British Superbike series with Red Bull backing. He was immediately a front-runner, finishing in the championship top 5 each year between 1997 and 2000. He took 13 BSB wins in those seasons, and scored points in every BSB race in 2000.
The dominant riders in 2000, together with John, had been Neil Hodgson and Chris Walker. With these two having moved on, the stage was set for John and Steve Hislop to duel in 2001, as only John’s team-mate, Sean Emmett, and Michael Rutter also won races. John’s second championship came when Hislop was injured in an unfortunate collision between the two men. 
For 2002 he moved to Suzuki's new 1000cc four-cylinder bike, taking a win and six further podiums en route to 6th overall. He was championship runner-up in 2003, but was the fastest man by the end of the season. A run of 11 consecutive podiums at the start of 2004 made the title his to lose, and despite a less successful second half of the season he secured the title in the final round.
Reynolds broke his leg in testing before the 2005 BSB season. After a poor season, Reynolds had a serious accident at the final round at Brands Hatch during practice on October 7, breaking four ribs on his right side, puncturing his right lung and breaking his left collarbone, and suffered injuries to his neck and back. Reynolds commented from hospital: "When I hit the barrier it was like a switch in my head flipped. Instantly I knew it was time to stop. I had received a warning with my broken leg earlier in the year. I see this as a final warning and I’ve made the decision to stop racing, more for my wife Shelley’s sanity and for the good of my family than for me."
After recovery, Reynolds took up a background role with Rizla Suzuki.

</doc>
<doc id="2856737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856737" title="Public transport in Debrecen">
Public transport in Debrecen

Public transport in Debrecen, Hungary, is provided by "DKV" (short for "Debreceni Közlekedési Vállalat" – Public Transport Company of Debrecen; complete name is DKV Zrt.)
Before mid-2009 two companies provided public transport in the city: trams and trolleybuses were operated by DKV while buses were operated by Hajdú Volán, which provides transport in the rest of Hajdú-Bihar county. DKV took over bus transport on July 1 after winning a tender. DKV has 140 buses (40 of which are jointed buses). In the future all buses will be low-floor and 50% of them will be air conditioned.
DKV.
The company was founded in 1883 under the name "Debrecen Local Tramway Company". They started providing public transport on October 2, 1884 with horse-drawn and steam-powered trams. The first electric tram started operating in 1911. From 1906 the town of Hajdúsámson and later, the town of Nyírbátor were connected to Debrecen by municipal railway, also operated by the same company.
By the 1940s there were already ten tram lines. On June 2, 1944 the city was bombed, and the tramway system was seriously damaged. They were repaired by 1947, and seven tram lines were serving the city until the 1970s, which brought a decrease in the popularity of trams. Tramways were demolished all over the country, the role of trams was taken over by buses. Today Debrecen is one of only four Hungarian cities to have a tram line, but even here only one line survived, the rest were demolished. The importance of DKV decreased, the company lost its leading role in the public transport of Debrecen.
Trolleybuses started operating in 1985, several of them serves on lines which used to be tram lines before the 1970s.
The company became state property on July 15, 1950. Today it is city property.
Trams and trolleys.
Between 1970 and 1984 21 "FVV" trams entered service. The same tram type was used in Budapest, Miskolc and Szeged, trams for the latter two cities were built by DKV. The company still owns eight of them, but they can rarely be seen on the streets.
The typical blue trams (KCSV-1S) of Debrecen were built in 1993. There are only 11 of them in the whole world, all of them in Debrecen.
The company also owns an old nostalgia tram.
The trolleybuses ZiU-9 were manufactured in the Soviet Union, 26 of them entered service since 1985. The four articulated trolleybuses have been in use since 1991. New Solaris Trollino buses are being bought since April 2005, in place of the old Soviet buses. In October 2011 the Spanish firm CAF will be in charge of supply of 18 low floor trams to be delivered from 2014, for the second tram line which was opened in late February 2014.
Buses.
Since 2009,the bus lines are also operated by DKV (expect the 3 "CORA" bus lines,that is still operated by Hajdú Volán).Currently,there are over 50 lines (only about 30,when the bus lines with A/Y/I/E or 1 signed bus lines are not counted) and 3 bus types:Volvo Alfa Civis 12,18 and Plasma minibuses (there only 3 from the last type).
Fares.
All tickets are valid for all buses, trolleybuses and trams operated by DKV.

</doc>
<doc id="2856739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856739" title="El Yunque">
El Yunque

El Yunque may refer to:
Mountains:
Other:

</doc>
<doc id="2856741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856741" title="Chris Kluwe">
Chris Kluwe

Christopher James "Chris" Kluwe (; born December 24, 1981) is a retired American football punter. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent in 2005 before playing the next eight seasons with the Minnesota Vikings. He attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he played college football for the UCLA Bruins.
Career.
High school.
Kluwe played three years of varsity football for coach John Barnes at Los Alamitos High School in Los Alamitos, California and was selected to play in both the California-Texas Shrine game (where he kicked a 57 yard game winning field goal with no time left) and the CaliFlorida Bowl. He also made the "USA Today" first-team All-American as a punter. He kicked an Orange County and CIF Playoff record 60-yard field goal vs. Loyola to force overtime in an eventual 30–23 victory. Averaging 46.6 yards as a punter, he had 10 punts of at least 60 yards and placed six kicks inside the 10-yard line. As a placekicker, he made 16 of 22 field goal attempts and 39 of 41 PATs. Prior to his senior year, he won the punting competition at the National Kicking Invitational with a 63-yard punt that had 4.98 seconds of hang time. Kluwe also played one year of baseball as a pitcher.
College.
Kluwe enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), where he developed into one of the top punters in the Pac-10 Conference. He graduated in 2005 with a double major in political science and history. He set school records for both total punt yardage and total number of punts in a season in 2003. In his senior year, he ranked 3rd in the Pac-10 and 12th in the NCAA in yards per punt (43.4). He was selected as special teams player of the game in the Silicon Valley Football Classic against Fresno State after averaging 44.3 yards on nine kicks. He also tied the bowl record with his nine punts and placed three kicks inside the 20-yard line. Kluwe was a finalist in his senior year for the Ray Guy Award that annually recognizes the best collegiate punter.
NFL.
Seattle Seahawks.
Kluwe was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Seattle Seahawks in 2005. Kluwe had been notified by both the Seahawks and St. Louis Rams that either team might draft him in the late rounds. As soon as the draft ended, Kluwe signed a free agent contract with Seattle. Kluwe had an excellent training camp with Seattle, to the point where Donnie Jones was released after the first week of OTA's and Kluwe and Luis Aguilar (a 7-year veteran) split time during the pre-season games for punting duties. Kluwe was told by the Seahawks prior to the final pre-season game they were going to take him to the practice squad as Aguilar had a history over the prior 3 seasons of going on IR during the season and the Seahawks wanted Kluwe both as a potential back-up and for developmental reasons (n.b., Aguilar did go on IR during the 2005 season and Jon Ryan was brought in to take over punting duties for the Seahawks). Due to NFL rules, the Seahawks had to place Kluwe on the waiver wire for 24 hours prior to signing him to a practice squad contract. The Seahawks waited until the last minute to place Kluwe on the waiver wire as they knew 3 teams had been scouting Kluwe as a potential punter for their team. The Seahawks concerns were well founded as Kluwe was claimed off the waiver wire early the next day by the Vikings.
Minnesota Vikings.
Kluwe became one of the most surprising pickups for the Vikings, finishing his first season with an average of 44.1 yards per punt, ranking second in the NFC and sixth in the league. He punted 71 times during his first season. Kluwe was also named NFC special teams player of the month for September 2005 – a first for any Vikings special teams rookie.
During a Week-13 game in Detroit, Lions safety Vernon Fox dove towards Kluwe during a punt and collided with Kluwe's plant foot. Although initial concerns were that Kluwe had a broken ankle, tests showed Kluwe had a sprained ankle. What the tests did also show was that earlier in the game when the ball was snapped over Kluwe's head and he had to make a running and jumping rugby style kick to avoid being blocked, he tore his right ACL when he landed after the kick. Kicker Paul Edinger was the punter for the remainder of the game, but a few days later the Vikings signed 42-year old veteran Darren Bennett for 1 week. Kluwe then returned to play the final 3 games of the 2005 season with a torn ACL in his kicking leg, which prompted his then coach Mike Tice to reply to a reporter's question about Kluwe's injury that "My punter is a tough guy." As Tice was not known to be sympathetic towards punters and kickers, this showed the amount of respect he had for Kluwe's willingness to play with a serious injury. During the 2006 off-season Kluwe had arthroscopic surgery on his right knee to repair the ACL. The operation was successful and Kluwe returned to the Vikings in full health for the 2006 season.
On October 25, 2007 Kluwe signed an $8.3-million contract extension through 2013. The deal made Kluwe, who would have been a restricted free agent in the 2008 offseason, one of the 10 highest-paid punters in the NFL.
On December 20, 2010, Kluwe had the dubious distinction of punting the ball that the Chicago Bears' Devin Hester would return for a touchdown, breaking the all-time NFL record for combined punt and kickoff returns for touchdowns. Previously in the game, Kluwe had successfully kept the ball out of Hester's hands on four punts.
In 2011 Kluwe changed his jersey number when the Vikings acquired quarterback Donovan McNabb. McNabb previously wore #5 for the Washington Redskins and Philadelphia Eagles, and requested the same number when he arrived in Minnesota, which was then being worn by Kluwe. Kluwe agreed on the condition that McNabb make a $5,000 donation to charity, to mention Kluwe's band Tripping Icarus a total of 5 times during McNabb's press conferences, and to buy Kluwe an ice cream cone. Kluwe took up #4 which had been worn by quarterback Brett Favre in 2009 and 2010. Following McNabb's departure from the team, Kluwe reclaimed his old #5 for the 2012 season. McNabb did mention Kluwe's band 3 times and did write the check for the donation, but never bought Kluwe the ice cream cone.
After a poor performance in an October 25, 2012 game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Vikings brought in several punters for workouts to potentially replace Kluwe. Kluwe had been playing since 2007 with a torn meniscus. His discomfort caused by the condition late in 2012 led to him deciding to have surgery during the offseason. In January 2013, the team signed punter T.J. Conley to a futures contract. Kluwe finished the 2012 season with an average of 45.0 yards per punt, ranking tenth in the NFC and twenty-second in the league.
Kluwe had arthroscopic surgery on his left knee to repair a torn meniscus in early 2013. Recovery was uneventful and Kluwe was back to full health in a matter of weeks. During the 2013 NFL draft, the Vikings drafted Jeff Locke (UCLA) in the 5th round of the draft as a punter. Speculation immediately surfaced that Kluwe's days were numbered with the Vikings due to the use of a relatively high draft round pick for a punter. On May 6, 2013, Kluwe was released by the Minnesota Vikings.
Oakland Raiders.
Kluwe signed with the Oakland Raiders on May 15, 2013, less than 2 weeks after being released by the Vikings. Kluwe signed for a veteran minimum contract for 1 year. Kluwe was given his old number (#5) by the Raiders and competed with Marquette King for the position of punter. Kluwe expressed thanks to the Raiders for picking him up and stated that "I am glad to be a Raider and playing back in California, where I grew up." On September 1, Kluwe tweeted that he had been released by the Raiders.
Retirement.
On January 3, 2014, Kluwe retired from football. After a year of not playing, he did not want to attempt playing in the NFL again, and believed his chances were slim given his outspoken views of same-sex marriage and criticism of the Vikings.
Vikings Team Records.
Kluwe holds a number of team punt records for the Minnesota Vikings (see list below).
Activism.
2011 NFL lockout.
During the 2011 NFL lockout, the "Boston Globe" reported that an agreement between owners and the players' union was being held up by special considerations for a few top employees, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees, Vincent Jackson, and Logan Mankins. Kluwe tweeted his frustration at this impasse, assailing their greed and calling them "douchebags."
After Nate Jackson wrote an article for the sport website Deadspin, excoriating Kluwe for talking "out of turn", Kluwe responded with his own article, highlighting the contrast between his own fruitful career and Jackson's lack of statistics, while reiterating his opinion that four people endangering the livelihoods of the 1,900 affected by the dispute was "pretty much the definition of greed".
Same-sex marriage.
Kluwe publicly released a letter on September 7, 2012 via sports website Deadspin he had sent to Maryland state assembly delegate Emmett Burns, defending the opinions of Baltimore Ravens linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo and condemning Burns on his attempt to stifle Ayanbadejo's free speech. Ayanbadejo has been a vocal supporter of same-sex marriage and Burns had sent a letter requesting that the Ravens ownership "inhibit such expressions" by their employee.
On October 1, 2012, Kluwe published a letter to the editor that responded to a video statement released by former Minnesota Viking Matt Birk in supporting a ban on same-sex marriage. In the letter, Kluwe outlined six principal reasons why he disagreed with Birk's statement.
Kluwe was also featured in a documentary called "The Last Barrier" which aired on NBC Bay Area on December 8, 2012 at 3 p.m. PST. During this interview he spoke about his feelings towards equality.
Kluwe and Ayanbadejo filed an amicus brief to the US Supreme Court on February 28, 2013 regarding Hollingsworth v. Perry, in which they expressed their support of the challenge to California Proposition 8.
On the January 18, 2013, episode of "The Ellen Degeneres Show", Ellen Degeneres inducted Kluwe as the first inductee in her Hall of Fame for his support of same-sex marriage. On April 16, 2013, in recognition of his steadfast support of same-sex marriage and for starting a conversation about LGBT issues in athletics Kluwe was named the Grand Marshal of the 41st annual Twin Cities Pride festival in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
On January 2, 2014, Kluwe alleged that he was released from the Vikings due to his support of same-sex marriage. He stated that the Vikings requested that he "deliberately sacrifice my own numbers to help the team, a request with which I always complied." The team stated it was not previously made aware of Kluwe's allegations, and countered that he "was released strictly based on his football performance." Kluwe said that special teams coach Mike Priefer in 2012 made homophobic remarks and criticized the player for his views on same-sex marriage. Preifer responded with a statement saying that "I do not tolerate discrimination of any type and am respectful of all individuals. I personally have gay family members who I love and support just as I do any family member.” Kluwe called the coach's acts "inexcusable", and hoped he prevented Preifer from ever coaching again. He also alleged that head coach Leslie Frazier told him to stop speaking out on same-sex marriage. Kluwe later said his comments on Preifer were "a little too harsh originally", and stated that he preferred that the coach get therapy and counseling and return to the league as a role model.
On January 3, the Vikings announced that an investigation of the allegations would be performed by former Chief Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court Eric Magnuson and former U.S. Department of Justice Trial Attorney Chris Madel. On January 26, Kluwe's lawyer stated that at least two witnesses confirmed the homophobic remarks were made and that a Vikings official was aware of those remarks prior to the team's releasing Kluwe. In May, Madel said the completion of the investigation could be delayed until June due to an uncooperative unnamed key witness.
Pro Football Hall of Fame.
During a December 2012 game against Chicago Bears, Kluwe covered the Pro Football Hall of Fame patch on his uniform with a post-it note with a message "Vote Ray Guy" as a protest against the Hall's 50th Anniversary celebrations due to the lack of pure punters in the Hall. Kluwe was fined $5,250 for a uniform violation by the NFL. In 2014, Guy was voted into the Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
Kluwe and his wife Isabel had their first daughter in July 2008, and their second in 2010. He also wrote a blog named "Out of Bounds," which appeared on the website of the "St. Paul Pioneer Press" until 2012. He quit the column in protest after the paper published an editorial in support of the Minnesota Marriage Amendment which would have amended the state constitution to ban same-sex marriage: Kluwe was not surprised at the paper's position itself, but felt that the editorial was derogatory to amendment opponents while feigning neutrality.
Kluwe is well known as an avid "Guitar Hero 2" player, having once made an appearance on Minnesota's 93X radio station while playing the game with Andy McNamara from "Game Informer" magazine. He is also a frequent guest on Minnesota sports station KFAN for "Video Games Weekly" on Wednesday nights. During a KFAN interview on the PA and Dubay show, he admitted he was not very good at sports games.
Kluwe at one time immersed himself in the MMORPG "World of Warcraft", playing a troll rogue named Loate and has been a member of one of the formerly top-ranked US guilds, The Flying Hellfish, for over four years. Kluwe is not currently active as a player in WoW, but very actively plays other computer games, both on-line and off-line, and occasionally writes game reviews for gaming magazines. Kluwe is also active in fantasy board gaming and card gaming and owns a store in Costa Mesa, CA (Mercenary Market) that is dedicated to non-computer related fantasy games. In recognition of his support for fantasy gaming, Wizards of the Coast in 2012 developed a specific player card for the Magic: The Gathering game based on Kluwe's Loate troll character.
In his 2013 Reddit "Ask Me Anything" interview, Kluwe responded that his favorite book is Ender's Game, despite his opinion that the book's author, Orson Scott Card, is a "turd." His disfavor of the writer is possibly a reaction to Card's highly publicized views on gay rights and same-sex marriage.
Kluwe appeared in a video promoting Riot Games's League of Legends game, stating that he plays the AD Carry position, and that his favorite champion to play in the game is Vayne. He described how he believes that eSports is a "burgeoning culture of actual sports," and believes it will only continue to grow into a legitimate sports scene, based on low barrier to entry, entertainment value of watching professional players, team-based engagement, and continued social acceptance.
Kluwe is a libertarian and describes himself as "cheerfully agnostic." Despite holding an openly cynical view towards atheism, Kluwe agreed to speak at the 2014 American Atheists Convention.
Other ventures.
Music.
In addition to being a punter in the NFL, Kluwe is the bassist for the local Minneapolis alternative/progressive rock band, Tripping Icarus. Kluwe formed the band in 2009 with friends Andrew Reiner (guitar) and Matthew Marshall (drums), and later recruited Jesse Revel to join on lead vocals. Tripping Icarus recorded their debut EP, "The Sideshow Sessions", in the summer of 2009. A year later, they recorded their first full length LP, "Perfect Citizen", which was slated for an early 2011 release. When Donovan McNabb was traded to Minnesota before the 2011 season, Kluwe offered McNabb the number 5 jersey in exchange for mentioning Tripping Icarus in at least 5 press conferences, as well as donating $5,000 to Kluwe's charity, and an ice cream cone. McNabb didn't mention the band in five separate press conferences, but Kluwe concedes that "in his very first press conference, he mentioned it like twelve times".
Writing.
Kluwe has written a book, Beautifully Unique Sparkleponies (Little Brown & Co.), that was released on June 25, 2013. The book is a collection of essays on various topics and the book title comes from the public consumption version of Kluwe's Deadspin letter to state assembly delegate Emmett Burns. The book has achieved moderate success to date, climbing to #2 on Amazon's categories for political humor and sports humor. Kluwe is currently in process of writing the first novel of a science fiction trilogy (with co-author Andrew Reiner) that is planned for release some time in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2856742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856742" title="Shout band">
Shout band

A shout band is a traditional, soul based musical style that arose in some predominantly African American Protestant churches in the 1920s.
History.
The shout band tradition of the southeastern United States originated from the exuberant church music of North Carolina. African American brass players formed bands, predominantly trombone-based, inspired by jazz, blues and Dixieland, gospel and old-time spirituals: a more soulful version of a New Orleans Brass Band. The United House of Prayer For All People, an Apostolic denomination founded in 1919 in Massachusetts, is particularly known for its shout bands.
Sound.
Upbeat and engaging, shout band music consists of three sections: the recitive and call, which involves a musical statement from the trombones; the aria, which develops the melody and tempo; and the shout, the ending call-and-response. As the song progresses, the sound intensifies from a whisper at the beginning to an exuberant crescendo during the shout.
While shout bands became prevalent during the 1920s and 1930s, by the 1960s the trombone, which allows for a wide range of emotive expression, emerged as the lead instrument within the shout band. Large groups of trombones are treated almost as a vocal choir, each with its own part.
Technique.
The actual sound that is produced by playing is different from the strict and predesignated sound of most music. Shout band music is made to closely emulate the exact sound and techniques used by the voices of singers and choirs, including but not limited to vibratos, slurs, and glissandi. This is the primary reason that a trombone is typically found as the lead instrument.
Structure.
The structure of shout bands varies greatly, but all typically have a few basic instruments in common: trombones, baritone(s), a snare drum and bass drum combination (or a basic drum kit), cymbals, and a sousaphone. 
Though they are not usually seen, other instruments are also utilized in shout bands such as trumpets, flugelhorns, saxophones, clarinets, flutes, washboards and more.
Shout bands vs. Jazz bands.
Shout bands and jazz bands are normally confused with one another due to similarities in style. But the differences in them are just as great. The first and most noticeable difference is the lack of sheet music. Shout band have little confinement with music as sheet music is not used. A selection in shout bands can vary anywhere in time from 30 seconds to as much as over 1 hour and span many different songs.
The second noticeable difference lies within the leaders. In a jazz band, there is usually one leader, known as the conductor who controls every "move" (for lack of better terminology) that the band will make. In a shout band, there are as many as eight different leaders controlling different aspects of the band during a performance. There is, however, a conductor that does control everything that happens but he or she is normally listening to the band as a whole where the other leaders are listening to specific parts that they are assigned to.

</doc>
<doc id="2856750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856750" title="Seaford Head School">
Seaford Head School

Seaford Head School (formerly Seaford Head Community College) (SHCC), in Seaford, East Sussex, England is a co-educational secondary school with academy status for students aged 11 to 16 years. 
Seaford Head formerly had a sixth form, from which the last students left in 2009. The closure was due to increasing competition from the larger Sussex Downs College conglomerate. A new sixth form centre will open in September 2014. The school was in Ofsted special measures from 2004 to 2006. An Ofsted inspection was carried out in October 2010 and the school was judged "Good with many outstanding features" and will be reassessed in the next 5 years (2015 at the latest).
The school is a Specialist Science & Sports College, holding the Sport England Award Sportsmark. It also holds the British Council International School Award and the ArtsMark award from the English Art Council. It is a part of Healthy Schools East Sussex, which promotes healthy eating and lifestyles, and is a member of the Specialist Schools and Academies Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="2856758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856758" title="Chinle High School">
Chinle High School

Chinle High School is a high school (grades 9 to 12) in Chinle, an unincorporated area of Apache County, Arizona, United States. The school is the only high school in the Chinle Unified School District, and all of the district's elementary and middle schools feed into it. Chinle High School serves several unincorporated areas in Apache County, including Chinle, Lukachukai, Many Farms, Rough Rock, Tsaile, and some areas considered to be Nazlini. The areas the school serves are within the Navajo Nation.
The school is the largest high school within the Navajo nation. As of 2013 it has 1,250 students and 125 staff and faculty. 99% of the students are Native Americans, mainly Navajo.
The school's basketball teams play in the 7,500+-seat Wildcat Den, It was built in 2006 at a cost of $23 million and called by "The Arizona Republic" sports columnist Richard Obert as "the best high school arena in Arizona". It is also tied for the 15th-largest high school basketball gymnasium in the United States. Before playing in the Wildcat Den, the teams played at the 1,000-seat Chinle Community Center.
The school, like others in the district, has been troubled by gang activity. In 2003, a display of weapons confiscated from students included baseball bats, knives, nunchucks and brass knuckles.

</doc>
<doc id="2856762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856762" title="Thomas Gaardsøe">
Thomas Gaardsøe

Thomas Gaardsøe Christensen (born November 23, 1979) is a Danish former professional footballer.
Gaardsøe most notably won the 1999 Danish Superliga with Aalborg Boldspilklub, and played abroad for English clubs Ipswich Town and West Bromwich Albion. He played two matches and scored a single goal for the Danish national team.
Biography.
Son of former Randers Freja player Per Gaardsøe, Thomas Gaardsøe played his youth football at Freja. His name first caught the headlines when he was a part of the winning team in the 1994 and 1995 editions of the Danish nationwide school football tournament, scoring in both finals. He moved to Aalborg Boldspilklub (AaB) in the Danish Superliga championship, and made his senior debut in June 1997. He enjoyed his first international experience, playing two games for both the Danish under-19 and Danish under-21 national teams in 1998. Despite occasional good performances, he had a hard time forcing his way into the AaB starting line-up in his role as central midfielder. He made his AaB breakthrough in spring 2001, as a replacement for the injured central defender Torben Boye. He impressed in his new role at AaB, as he was once more called up for the under-21 national team.
In the summer 2001, he was sold to English club Ipswich Town in the FA Premier League championship in a transfer deal worth £1.3 million. He did not play much in his first season, but managed to score his first goal for Ipswich against Sunderland AFC in December 2001. After his first season at the club, Ipswich suffered relegation into the English First Division. In the First Division, Gaardsøe became an important member for the squad, scoring six goals in all competitions of the 2002–03 season.
He was sold in the summer of 2003, to First Division rivals West Bromwich Albion, and his first appearance came in a 4–0 thrashing of Brentford in the Football League Cup in August 2003. He scored his first goal for Albion in a 4–1 victory over his former club Ipswich, on 13 September 2003 and went on to be an ever-present in Albion's promotion winning team. He was named "Player of the Year" by the supporters who, in turn, dressed up as Vikings in his honour for the away match at Reading on 1 May 2004. He won his first international cap in November 2003, coming on as a substitute in Denmark's 3–2 victory over England. He scored his first national team goal in his second match, a 5–1 win against Poland in August 2004.
Most of Gaardsøe's 2005–06 season was hampered by a serious groin injury, which originated in a pre-match warm-up before an April 2005 game against Manchester United. He only played seven league games in a season which ended in Albion's relegation to the First Division. In the beginning of the 2006–07 season, the continued injury problems made him consider a premature retirement from football. On December 19, 2006, Gaardsøe announced his retirement from the game, having been unable to regain full fitness from the groin operation in the summer.
Two and a half year later he returned to football after having fully recovered from his injury. This time he signed for his childhood club Aalborg BK. However, Gaardsøe has not succeeded in establishing himself in the AaB squad and in order to find regular first team football, he has signed a contract with Danish superliga rivals Esbjerg from January 2010.
After his contract ended with Esbjerg fB in the summer of 2012, he searched for a new club. After two months, on 29 August 2012, Gaardsøe retired from football, being unable to find a new club.

</doc>
<doc id="2856775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856775" title="Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus">
Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus

The Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus was a circus that traveled across America in the early part of the 20th century. At its peak, it was the second-largest circus in America next to Ringling Brothers and Barnum and Bailey Circus. It was based in Peru, Indiana. 
History.
The circus began as the “Carl Hagenbeck Circus” by Carl Hagenbeck (1844-1913). Hagenbeck was an animal trainer who pioneered the use of rewards-based animal training as opposed to fear-based training.
Meanwhile, Benjamin Wallace, a livery stable owner from Peru, Indiana, and his business partner, James Anderson, bought a circus in 1884 and created "The Great Wallace Show". The show gained some prominence when their copyright for advertising posters was upheld by the Supreme Court in "Bleistein v. Donaldson Lithographing Company". Wallace bought out his partner in 1890 and formed the "B. E. Wallace Circus". 
In 1907, Wallace purchased the Carl Hagenbeck Circus and merged it with his circus. The circus became known as the Hagenbeck-Wallace circus at that time, even though Carl Hagenbeck protested. He sued to prohibit the use of his name but lost in court.
In 1913, the circus lost 8 elephants, 21 lions and tigers and 8 performing horses in the Wabash River flood. That same year, Wallace sold his interest in the circus to Ed Ballard of French Lick, Indiana. 
Another tragedy struck the circus before 4:00 a.m. on June 22, 1918, in the Hammond Circus Train Wreck when a locomotive engineer fell asleep and ran his empty troop train into the rear of the Hagenbeck-Wallace circus train near Hammond, Indiana. A fire broke out from the kerosene lamps, which were used for lighting in the sleeping cars of the circus train. The fire quickly spread through the wood-constructed cars. As a result of the collision and subsequent fire, 86 persons died and another 127 were injured. Many victims were burned beyond recognition. Most are buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in Forest Park, Illinois in a section set aside as Showmen's Rest.
In the spirit of "the show must go on", several competing circuses, including Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey, lent equipment and performers to Hagenbeck-Wallace so that only two performances were canceled as a result of the tragedy, the one in Hammond and the next stop in Monroe, Wisconsin. After the tragedy, circus entrepreneurs Jeremiah Mugivan and Bert Bowers acquired Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus, adding it to a long list of circuses they owned, including Sells-Floto Circus and John Robinson Shows. Mugivan was the chief operations man. A year later, Mugivan and Bowers asked Ballard to join them and the trio formed the American Circus Company. 
The successor company of the American Circus Corporation was sold by Jeremiah Mugivan, Bert Bowers and Ed Ballard to John Nicholas Ringling of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey in 1929 for $1.7 million, along with Al G. Barnes Circus, Sells-Floto Circus, John Robinson Shows, and Sparks Circus. 
The circus spent its winters just outside Baldwin Park, California. There, on 35 acres of land, the circus stayed with its huge parade wagons parked alongside a railroad spur. The elephants spent time hauling refuse wagons, shunting railroad cars and piling baled hay. A tent at the eastern edge of the grounds was used by aerialists to practice trapeze and high-wire acts. The circus usually remained there from late November to early spring.
The Great Depression and Ringling's ill health caused the Ringling empire to falter. In 1935, the circus split from Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey and became the Hagenbeck-Wallace and Forepaugh-Sells Bros. Circus. It finally ceased operations in 1938.
The complex near Peru that formerly housed the winter home of Hagenbeck-Wallace now serves as the home of the Circus Hall of Fame.
In fiction.
The Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus was the inspiration for the novel "The Circus in Winter" by Cathy Day. The book is about the fictional "Great Porter Circus", which made its winter home in the "Lima, Indiana", which stood in for the author's home town of Peru, Indiana. The author is the great-niece of an elephant trainer of the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus.
Hagenbeck's name also appears in a series of Polish books for teenagers by Alfred Szklarski. The main characters from the books travel around the world to hunt animals for Hagenbeck's circus.
Hagenbeck is also mentioned in the story "Premier amour" of Samuel Beckett as a well known lion tamer, who is buried in the Ohlsdorf Cemetery and is briefly mentioned in Water for Elephants.
In the fall of 2006 The Neo-Futurists theater company of Chicago mounted an original production entitled "Roustabout: The Great Circus Train Wreck!" based on the Hagenbeck-Wallace Circus. The play was written by Jay Torrence and directed by Torrence and Kristie Koehler. The show was remounted by the Neo-Futurists in the summer of 2007 at the Chicago Park District's Theater on the Lake.
In the fall of 2009 Murder Mansion Haunted House in Forest Park, Illinois will be creating a circus themed haunted house based upon the tragedy.

</doc>
<doc id="2856778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856778" title="Parmo">
Parmo

Parmo, or Parmesan, a breaded cutlet dish originating in Middlesbrough, is popular in the North East of England, North Yorkshire and especially in the towns of Stockton-on-Tees, Darlington and Hartlepool. Similar to a schnitzel, it typically consists of deep-fried chicken in bread crumbs topped with a white béchamel sauce and cheese. Variations use pork or, much less commonly, a vegetarian style.
History.
Origins.
The Parmo originated as "escalope Parmesan", a derivative of veal or chicken Parmigiana, a dish found in several areas where Italian immigrants have settled. The parmo is said to have been created by Nicos Harris, a chef with the American army in World War II. He was wounded in France, but was brought to the United Kingdom to be treated in a British hospital. Eventually, he moved to Middlesbrough and opened a restaurant on Linthorpe Road, where he created the parmo at The American Grill in 1958. His son-in-law, Caramello, still lives in Teesside and continues the family tradition.
Supermarket sales.
In 2009, supermarket chain Asda started selling parmos in their shops in Teesside. They claimed they were selling 6,000 chicken parmos a week, making them at the time the shop's fastest-selling line. Asda later expanded this line to branches outside Teesside.
Preparation.
Chicken or pork fillets are flattened, then dipped in egg and then bread crumbs, after which it is deep-fried. Onto this is poured a thick, white sauce (similar to béchamel sauce, but butter may be partially or wholly replaced by other fats) and then it is topped with grated cheese. The cheese is usually cheddar, rather than the Parmesan cheese that originally gave the dish its name. The dish is then grilled or baked to melt the cheese.
Recent years have seen an increase in the number of outlets preparing the parmo with reformed chicken rather than solid fillet.
Serving.
A parmo is often accompanied by chips with a salad, usually consisting of shredded cabbage, lettuce, tomato, cucumber and onion. Garlic sauce is a popular accompaniment on Teesside.
The parmo is generally available in two sizes, and terminology varies between outlets:
A new edition of the parmo has recently emerged in Hartlepool "the parmo wrap" (also sometimes referred to as a 'Ridley Wrap') which as standard is a half parmo wrapped in a large naan bread with an optional choice of garlic sauce.
Variations.
Originally, veal was used, but was later replaced by pork. In more recent times, chicken became more popular as more Muslim-owned takeaway restaurants opened. Fish and vegetarian parmos are also offered in certain restaurants.
Parmos are also offered with additional toppings in combinations that vary from restaurant to restaurant. 
For example:
Due to its size, a full parmo is usually served in a pizza box along with its accompaniments, although a large round polystyrene tray is also common.
Nutritional information.
In 2007, North Yorkshire Trading Standards conducted a survey of 25 fast food dishes. A large parmo with chips and salad contains about 2600 calories and 150g of fat.

</doc>
<doc id="2856785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856785" title="MCLA">
MCLA

MCLA is an abbreviation that may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856791" title="Bombo legüero">
Bombo legüero

Bombo legüero is an Argentine drum traditionally made of a hollowed tree trunk and covered with cured skins of animals such as goats, cows(leather) or sheep. It derives from the old European military drums, and uses a similar arrangement of hoops and leather thongs and loops to tighten the drumheads, which are usually double. It is also called bombo legüero to differentiate it from similar large drums. The body is made of a hollow log, with the inside scraped and chiseled. The drumheads are made of the skins of animals such as cows, sheep, or guanacos. Because the fur is left on the hide, the bombo’s sound is deep and dark. The bombo is played while hanging to the side of the drummer, who drapes one arm over the drum, to play it from above, while also striking it from the front. The player’s hands hold a soft-headed mallet and a stick, which strike drumhead and wooden rim in alternation. The bombo serves as a combination of bass and percussion, not just maintaining the meter, but evoking an elemental, visceral response.
The "legüero" is an essential element of Argentine "Folclore" (zamba, chacarera, etc.) popularized by musicians like Los Chalchaleros, Tremor, Los Fronterizos, Carlos Rivero, Soledad Pastorutti, and Mercedes Sosa.

</doc>
<doc id="2856792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856792" title="List of computer criminals">
List of computer criminals

Convicted computer criminals are people who are caught and convicted of computer crimes such as breaking into computers or computer networks. Computer crime can be broadly defined as criminal activity involving information technology infrastructure, including illegal access (unauthorized access), illegal interception (by technical means of non-public transmissions of computer data to, from or within a computer system), data interference (unauthorized damaging, deletion, deterioration, alteration or suppression of computer data), systems interference (interfering with the functioning of a computer system by inputting, transmitting, damaging, deleting, deteriorating, altering or suppressing computer data), misuse of devices, forgery (or identity theft) and electronic fraud.
In the infancy of the hacker subculture and the computer underground, criminal convictions were rare because there was an informal code of ethics that was followed by white hat hackers. Proponents of hacking claim to be motivated by artistic and political ends, but are often unconcerned about the use of criminal means to achieve them. White hat hackers break past computer security for non-malicious reasons and do no damage, akin to breaking into a house and looking around. They enjoy learning and working with computer systems, and by this experience gain a deeper understanding of electronic security. As the computer industry matured, individuals with malicious intentions (black hats) would emerge to exploit computer systems for their own personal profit.
Convictions of computer crimes, or hacking, began as early as 1983 with the case of The 414s from the 414 area code in Milwaukee. In that case, six teenagers broke into a number of high-profile computer systems, including Los Alamos National Laboratory, Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center and Security Pacific Bank. On May 1, 1983, one of the 414s, Gerald Wondra, was sentenced to two years of probation.
In 2006, a prison term of nearly five years was handed down to Jeanson James Ancheta, who created hundreds of zombie computers to do his bidding via giant bot networks or botnets. He then sold the botnets to the highest bidder who in turn used them for Denial-of-service (DoS) attacks.
, the longest sentence for computer crimes is that of Albert Gonzalez for 20 years.
The next longest sentences are those of 13 years for Max Ray Vision, 108 months of Brian Salcedo in 2004 and upheld in 2006 by the U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals, and 68 months of Kevin Mitnick in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2856797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856797" title="Hurricane Gordon (1994)">
Hurricane Gordon (1994)

Hurricane Gordon was a long-lived and catastrophic late-season hurricane of the 1994 Atlantic hurricane season. The twelfth and final tropical cyclone of the season, Gordon formed in the southwestern Caribbean on November 8. Without strengthening, the storm made landfall on Nicaragua. Later on November 10, the storm began to strengthen as it tracked further from land, and it quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gordon, the seventh named storm that season. Gordon also made landfalls in Jamaica and Cuba while a minimal tropical storm. It entered the southwestern Atlantic while resembling a subtropical cyclone. By the time it entered the Gulf of Mexico, it was fully tropical again. Tropical Storm Gordon later crossed the Florida Keys, and turning to the northeast it made landfall in Fort Myers, Florida. Gordon strengthened after it re-entered the Atlantic Ocean, becoming a hurricane on November 17. It briefly threatened North Carolina while turning to the northwest, although it turned to the south and weakened. Gordon deteriorated into a tropical depression and struck Florida again at that intensity on November 20. It turned to the north and dissipated the next day over South Carolina.
Gordon first caused flooding in northern Costa Rica that destroyed 700 houses and caused $30 million in damage. There were six deaths in the country and an additional two deaths in neighboring Panama. Upon affecting Jamaica, the storm was responsible $11.8 million in damage and four deaths. Damage was heaviest in Haiti, after a prolonged southwesterly flow dropped of rainfall in a 24 hour period. The rains resulted in extensive mudslides and flooding that disrupted transportation and damaged 10,800 houses, with another 3,500 destroyed. There were 1,122 deaths in the country, partially due to deforested hills, and damage was estimated at $50 million. In neighboring Dominican Republic, there were five additional deaths, as well as flooding near its capital. In Cuba, Gordon caused $100 million in damage, and 5,906 houses were damaged or destroyed. Due to large-scale evacuations, there were only two deaths in the country. In Florida, the storm caused $400 million in damage (1994 USD, $  USD), much of it agricultural, and there were eleven deaths, eight of them direct. Gordon later affected North Carolina with high waves, causing beach erosion and destroying five houses. Overall damage was $594 million due to Gordon (1994 USD, $  USD).
International governments and agencies through the United Nations sent relief supplies and monetary assistance to Haiti, following Gordon's devastating impact there. American soldiers were already stationed in the country to restore ousted Jean-Bertrand Aristide to presidency. The troops helped in rescues and worked to restore a damaged road between Port-au-Prince and Jacmel. Despite the damage, the name was not retired.
Meteorological history.
The origins of Gordon were from a tropical wave in the southwestern Caribbean Sea, which developed a circulation north of Panama early on November 6. It gradually organized, becoming Tropical Depression Twelve on November 8 offshore eastern Nicaragua. Proximity to land prevented strengthening, and early on November 10 it made landfall near Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua. Shortly thereafter, an upper-level trough turned the depression to the northeast, and late on November 10 it intensified into Tropical Storm Gordon after reaching open waters. The circulation of the cyclone was initially very broad, covering much of the western Caribbean Sea, and wind shear prevented significant strengthening. Early on November 13, Gordon struck Jamaica near Kingston as a minimal tropical storm, and later that day made landfall near Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. Around the time of Gordon crossing Jamaica, an upper-level trough spawned a low-level disturbance over the central Bahamas. From surface synoptic reports, the National Hurricane Center estimates Tropical Storm Gordon rapidly crossed Cuba and became the dominant system between Cuba and the Bahamas, but other meteorologists believe Gordon dissipated and that a second cyclone became the dominant system. The resultant storm north of Cuba became much larger, spreading rain across much of Florida.
A ridge to the north turned Gordon to the west-northwest, and by November 14 the cloud pattern resembled that of a subtropical cyclone, with little convection near and the strongest winds well-removed from the center. The storm paralleled the northern coast of Cuba and gradually developed convection near the center. On November 15, the broad center crossed the Florida Keys near Key West. An approaching trough turned Gordon to the northeast, bringing it ashore near Fort Myers, Florida on November 16 with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). Tropical Storm Gordon crossed the Florida peninsula in about nine hours, emerging into the Atlantic Ocean near Vero Beach. As it reached the Gulf Stream, a small but intense area of convection developed over the center, and after the Hurricane Hunters reported flight-level winds in excess of 90 mph (145 km/h), Gordon attained hurricane status late on November 17 about 245 miles (345 km) southeast of Cape Fear, North Carolina. Shortly thereafter, it reached peak winds of 85 mph (140 km/h, and the trough that had turned the hurricane to the north was replaced by a ridge. Gordon turned abruptly northwestward, and was briefly expected to cross the Outer Banks as a minimal hurricane. The hurricane turned to the south and south-southeast, weakening into a tropical storm due to stronger shear and drier air. On November 19, the storm turned to the southwest and later to the west. Gordon weakened into a tropical depression before striking Florida again near Cape Canaveral on November 20. It later turned to the north and dissipated over South Carolina on November 21.
Preparations.
When Gordon was approaching Jamaica on November 12, a tropical storm watch, and later warning, was issued for the island. The same day, a tropical storm warning was issued for southeastern Cuba from Camagüey to Guantanamo. On November 13, a tropical storm warning was issued for the southwest peninsula of Haiti, and later that day the same warning was issued for the Bahamas. Due to the storm, 65,000 people evacuated to safer locations in Cuba. Schools were closed in New Providence and Grand Bahama due to the storm, and Nassau International Airport was briefly shut down. A flight between Havana and Miami was canceled. In Cuba, officials forced 36,518 people to evacuate their homes, and workers also moved 68,780 livestock.
After Gordon emerged into the Atlantic north of Cuba, the National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning for southern Florida from Jupiter to the Dry Tortugas, and later extended it to Boca Grande up along the west coast; this was extended to Bayport on the west coast and to Titusville on the east coast while the storm was approaching the Florida Keys. When Gordon attained hurricane status and turned suddenly to the northwest, a hurricane warning was issued from Bogue Banks to the North Carolina/Virginia border. Florida governor Lawton Chiles activated the state's Emergency Operations Center. In the Florida Keys, state parks were closed, which forced some campers to leave, and all schools were closed. On the mainland, University of Miami and Miami Dade College were also closed. Space Shuttle Atlantis was forced to land at Edwards Air Force Base in California instead of Kennedy Space Center. The storm caused flights to be canceled or delayed at Miami International Airport, and nearly all flights were canceled to and from the Florida Keys. Hundreds of people evacuated to shelters in five counties in east-central Florida. In North Carolina, officials suggested people in low-lying areas to go to higher ground, but they did not issue evacuation orders.
Impact.
Although Gordon was a tropical storm for most of its existence, it caused enormous damage and loss of life. The United Nations estimated death toll in Haiti was 1,122. Six deaths were reported in Costa Rica, five in the Dominican Republic, two in Jamaica, two in Cuba, and eight in Florida. Property damage to the United States was estimated at $400 million (1994 USD, $  USD). Property damage statistics for the other affected areas are not available, but were reportedly severe in both Haiti and Cuba. The high death toll from Gordon made it the deadliest Atlantic hurricane since Hurricane David in 1979, which killed thousands in the Dominican Republic.
Central America.
The first location affected by Gordon was Central America, when it briefly moved over northeastern Nicaragua as a tropical depression. Severe localized flooding occurred in Nicaragua, Panama, and most significantly Costa Rica. There, several days of heavy rainfall damaged about 180 mi (300 km) of roads and bridges, mostly in rural areas. In Upala in the northern portion of the country, the rains damaged beans and rice crops. More than 700 homes were destroyed, leaving about 4,000 people homeless. Nationwide, the system killed six people and caused $30 million in damage. In Panama, the floods killed two people.
Jamaica.
While passing south of Jamaica, Gordon dropped heavy rainfall, which caused flooding in six parishes, mostly in Clarendon and Saint Catherine. The rains caused flooding and mudslides that blocked roads. Gordon left $11.8 million in damage, mostly in Clarendon. About half of the overall damage was related to roads, and an additional quarter was due to crop damage. There were four deaths and two injuries in the country. Two of the deaths were drownings.
Hispaniola.
The broad circulation of Gordon produced a persistent southerly flow across Hispaniola, causing orographic lift in mountainous regions. This caused a prolonged period of heavy rainfall, reaching in Les Cayes in a 24 hour period, and over in the same duration in the capital city, Port-au-Prince. In Jacmel, Gordon dropped in about 12 hours. The rains resulted in flooding and landslides across the country. There was knee-deep flooding in the shantytown of Cité Soleil, and in Jacmel, the rains increased levels along three rivers. There, the storm washed out the road connecting with Port-au-Prince, and three bridges were destroyed. In Jacmel, 725 houses were destroyed, forcing 1,500 people to stay at shelters. Gordon left portions of southeastern Haiti without water access. About 10,800 houses were damaged to some degree, and an additional 3,500 homes were destroyed. About 1.5 million people were directly affected in the country, mostly near Port-au-Prince and in the southern portion, and more than 89,000 people were left homeless. In Port-au-Prince, about 20,000 homes were flooded, and the bridge connecting the city with northern Haiti was also flooded. Overall damage in the country was estimated at $50 million.
The floods and mudslides killed many people in Haiti, although the exact total will likely never be known. On November 19, officials reported 531 deaths, and by two days later the total was potentially as high as 2,000. On November 24, the death toll reached 824, and the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reported on December 21 that Gordon killed 1,122 people in the country. Most of the deaths occurred in Port-au-Prince, Jacmel, and Léogâne. Damage was heavier in Haiti than elsewhere along Gordon's track due to poor infrastructure consisting of shacks on flood-prone denuded hills. The country suffers large death tolls from many hurricanes, caused in part by human activity. Large-scale deforestation left Haiti with about 1.4% of its forests as of 2004, leaving denuded mountain slopes that allows rainwater to wash down unimpeded. The lack of tree cover contributed to the devastating floods that caused most of Gordon's deaths.
In neighboring Dominican Republic, Gordon caused flooding and landslides that disrupted travel and communications to the interior portions of the country. Several slums around Santo Domingo flooded. The storm killed five people in the country.
Cuba and Bahamas.
Shortly after moving over Jamaica, Gordon crossed over eastern Cuba. At Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, a station recorded sustained winds, with gusts to during a microburst. The winds were not representative of the storm, and Gordon's landfall intensity was estimated at around . The storm caused widespread power outages and forced several roads to close. Damage was heaviest in Guantánamo Province, where 9 mi (17 km) of seawalls and two aqueducts were destroyed. The storm damaged or destroyed 43 bridges, damaged 1,106 mi (1,779 km) of roads, and wrecked 16.5 mi (26.5 km) of rail lines. About 3 mi (5 km) of underground electrical cables were damaged. There was heavy agricultural damage in southeastern Cuba, estimated at about $45 million. Gordon damaged 7,482 acres (3,028 hectares) of sugar cane fields and damaged or destroyed about 5.5 million banana trees. About 100,000 sacks of coffee were wrecked, amounting to $3.5 million in damage, and 50,000 litres of milk were ruined. While Gordon was paralleling northern Cuba, it produced high seas that caused flooding, including in Havana. Nationwide, the storm damaged 5,750 houses and destroyed 156 others. The cost of damage and reconstruction of homes and roads was $47.4 million, and there was an additional $9.5 million in damage to public buildings. Gordon killed two people in the country, which was kept to a minimum due to evacuations, and damage totaled $102 million. Two people were injured at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. The flooding from Gordon followed two other similarly damaging events in the preceding year.
Gordon also affected the nearby Bahamas, producing sustained winds at Kemps Bay, Andros.
Florida.
In the Florida Keys, wind gusts up to caused minor damage to trees and motor homes. Intense rainbands caused flooding in low-lying and poorly-draining areas, mostly in the upper Florida Keys. High tides closed portions of U.S. 1. In the Tampa Bay area, outer rainbands downed power lines and trees, one of which fell onto a car.
While Gordon was moving across southern Florida, Virginia Key reported sustained winds of , which was the highest in the state. Gusts reached at a location in southern Dade County. Similar to the Caribbean, the storm dropped heavy rainfall in southern Florida, with widespread areas reporting over in the eastern portion of the state. Rainfall peaked at in Coopertown. High waves from Gordon severely eroded beaches along the state's eastern coastline, and damaged coral and artificial reef systems. Waves flooded coastal roads up to deep in Miami Beach, and also damaged seawalls. Near Fort Lauderdale, the storm washed a 508 ft (154 m) cargo ship aground less than 150 ft (45 m) from the beach. Several other boats sank or were beached, which prompted 37 rescues. One woman was rescued after being swept off a fishing pier in Boynton Beach. Gordon spawned six tornadoes in the state, of which two did no damage and two caused minor damage. A tornado in Lake Worth damaged 39 homes and two businesses. The most damaging tornado was an F2 in southern Brevard County, which originated as a waterspout and moved onshore near Barefoot Bay. It moved through a mobile home community, destroying 62 homes and damaging 227 others to some extent; damage from the tornado was estimated at $10 million. The same tornado injured 40 people, causing six to be hospitalized, and killed an elderly man who died due to head trauma.
Across Florida, Gordon's winds damaged power lines and knocked down trees and traffic signals; about 425,000 people lost power due to the storm. The rains caused flooding in Dade and Collier counties, which damaged $275 million worth of crops, mostly to vegetables and sugar cane. In some locations, the crop damage was worse than during Hurricane Andrew in 1992, due to fewer crops being planted when Andrew struck the state. Along Elliott Key, Gordon damaged the coral reef system to a greater extent than Andrew. Inland flooding damaged buildings due to fast-rising water and roof collapses. In Volusia County, floods entered 1,236 buildings, causing $26 million in damage. Flooding caused dozens of roads to close, some of which were washed out. In the Everglades, flooding killed several deer. Statewide, two people drowned in separate instances after driving into flooded areas. Three people drowned along beaches, including one man who died in a rip current while attempting to rescue his son. In Hillsboro Inlet, two people drowned after their boat was overturned by high waves. Throughout Florida, Gordon directly killed eight people, and injured 43 people. There were also three indirect deaths; two were from traffic accidents, and one was related to a heart attack after a person pushed a stalled car in a flooded road. Statewide damage was estimated at $400 million (1994 USD, $  USD).
Remaind er of United States.
After affecting Florida, Gordon produced rainfall along much of the eastern United States, extending as far north as New Jersey. In North Carolina, rainfall peaked at in New Holland, and in Virginia the highest rainfall total was near Norfolk. Sustained winds in the Hatteras, North Carolina area peaked at in Buxton. Just offshore at Diamond Shoal Light, a station reported 10-minute sustained winds of . The hurricane produced tides of above normal in Frisco.
High waves and tides resulted in significant beach erosion along the Outer Banks. The waves closed several portions of North Carolina Highway 12 for up to four days, and also closed a portion of U.S. Route 70 in eastern Carteret County. Heavy dune damage occurred on Ocracoke Island. North of Hatteras Village, the high waves washed out of dunes, and portions of the Outer Banks between Hatteras and Frisco were flooded up to deep. The effects were similar to that of the 1991 Perfect Storm, although damage was lighter during Gordon. The hurricane destroyed five homes in Kitty Hawk, which were condemned after being previously damaged by Hurricane Emily in 1993. Also in Kitty Hawk, the storm damaged 52 houses and 2 businesses. In Rodanthe, two homes sustained water damage. The cost of the storm in the state was estimated at $314,000. Effects further south in North Carolina were lesser, although serious beach erosion was reported.
Offshore, a family of four required rescue from the Coast Guard after their boat began filling with water in the midst of surf. A sailboat was disabled about offshore Norfolk, Virginia, and the crew of three were also rescued by the Coast Guard. The sailboat was sailing from Bermuda to Oxford, Maryland, but was halted after the engine failed, the anchor was ripped off, and the mainstay was torn. The interaction between Gordon and a ridge over New England produced coastal flooding in eastern Virginia. Tides reached above normal in Virginia Beach, which washed away of a fishing pier. The high tides caused road damage and minor housing damage.
Aftermath and lack of retirement.
In Costa Rica, President José María Figueres declared a state of emergency due to flooding in that country. He sought $15 million in aid from the Inter-American Development Bank. The country's government handled relief efforts through its Red Cross and federal and non-governmental organizations. The government of Cuba issued an appeal to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs for financial assistance; as a result, the agency provided $30,000, and the United Nations Development Programme provided $50,000. The government of Luxembourg sent $37,000 worth of construction materials, and the European Union sent $443,000 to the country.
On November 16, the government of Haiti issued an appeal to the international community for assistance. In response, agencies through the United Nations donated $735,000, including 20,000 water units and 3,000 blankets. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs flew 30 tons of supplies, financed by Italy and Luxembourg. The European Union donated about $3.8 million to the country, and various countries sent about $1.8 million in cash or the equivalent thereof in relief items. The Canadian government donated $485,000, and the government of Japan sent $400,000 in aid. The government of France provided blankets, clothing, and tarpaulins, and the United States sent 5,000 blankets. In the days after the storm, the Haitian Army and international workers made emergency repairs to the road between Jacmel and Port-au-Prince, which was permanently reopened on November 25. The Haitian government provided $3.2 million to repair damage and assist those affected by the storm. The government sent about $112,000 to cities to provide for clearing roads, housing repairs, and for the funerals of storm victims. Workers from the United Nations set up relief work in Port-au-Prince. Assistance quickly reached the ravaged town of Jacmel, including 116 tons of food, 9 tons of medicine, and clothing. Six soldiers from the United States Special Forces rescued 35 Haitians using an inflatable boat. About 100 soldiers from the 10th Mountain Division assisted in relief operations in Jacmel, rescuing hundreds of people. About 12,000 United States troops were already in the country when Gordon struck to restore democracy under ousted president Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Due to the crop damage in Florida, the price of vegetables across the United States rose. There were about 25,000 insurance claims following the storm's passage.
Despite the devastation in Haiti and the extensive damage in Cuba and Florida, Gordon was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization in Spring of 1995. Member nations of the World Meteorological Organization must send a delegate to the annual meeting to formally submit a request for tropical cyclone name retirement; for unknown reasons, Haiti did not send a delegate to the Spring 1995 meeting. The World Meteorological Organization issued an official statement crediting Jamaica and Cuba's warning infrastructure for the low loss of life there from Gordon, and blaming Haiti's lack of such a system for the large number of deaths there. 

</doc>
<doc id="2856805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856805" title="Anthony Favell">
Anthony Favell

Anthony Rowland "Tony" Favell MBE (born 29 May 1939), was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Stockport from 1983 until 1992, when he was defeated by Ann Coffey of Labour.
In 1990, Favell resigned as John Major's Parliamentary Private Secretary in a disagreement over whether the UK should enter the European Exchange Rate Mechanism.
In 2007, Favell was elected to High Peak Borough Council for the Hope Valley ward.
References.
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1992

</doc>
<doc id="2856807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856807" title="Cwmaman">
Cwmaman

Cwmaman is a former coal mining village near Aberdare, Wales. The name Cwmaman is Welsh for "Aman Valley", with the River Aman flowing through the village). For postal purposes the village comes under Aberdare. The village lies in the valley of several mountains. Within the village, there are two children's playgrounds and playing fields, with an outdoor pool open during the summer. At the top end of the village, there are several reservoirs, accessible via several footpaths along the river.
Cwmaman was a well-known coal-mining village which, at one time boasted several collieries. Until the 19th Century, Cwmaman was virtually uninhabited, with around 40 farm workers living in and around the community by 1841. By the end of the 1840s, the first coal pits were sunk and Cwmaman began to transform into a thriving industrial settlement, in the later years of the 19th Century Cwmaman housed the workers of five surrounding coal mines - the Fforchaman, Fforchneol, Bedwlwyn, Cwmneol, and the Cwmaman collieries. Cwmaman Colliery was also known as Shepherd’s pit, in honour of its founder Thomas Shepherd, a name it shares with the village’s first public house, the Shepherd’s Arms, opened in 1850.
There is an array of parallel roads in the east part of the village. Burns Street and Spencer Street (along with the other streets collectively known as 'Poets' Corner') are amongst the steepest in the United Kingdom.
Culture.
The band Stereophonics comes from Cwmaman. On 14 December 2007, in association with Jo Whiley and her BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge Tour, the Stereophonics returned to Cwmaman to play an exclusive acoustic gig in the Cwmaman Working Men's Club, the venue where the band first performed.
The village is home to the war poet Alun Lewis, and a plaque in what is now Llanwonno Road marks the house where he once lived.
Born in 1915 in the village’s Llanwonno Road, Lewis was strongly influenced by his formative years in the depression-era valley. He was also influenced by local issues of his community in the then-called Aberdare Leader and this is proved in his great poem The Mountain over Aberdare, which touches on the desperate poverty that beset the Cynon Valley and the country in this period. However, it was for his war poems, published in two volumes (Raiders Dawn and Ha! Ha! Among the Trumpets) that Alun Lewis’s reputation would be made. His name lives on, both as a significant poet and within the village itself, not only in a plaque commemorating the house of his birth, but also in the name of the village’s Cwrt Alun Lewis flats.
Cwmaman Public Hall & Institute is a community-owned enterprise: it consists of a concert room, theatre / cinema and fitness suite
St. Joseph's Church was renovated in 2007. This work included the installation of solar panels on one side of its roof with the aim to sell back energy to the National Grid.
The Cwmaman Music Festival is held at the last weekend of September every year. It started in 2008 and has attracted artists such as Alabama 3, Mike Peters, Killing for Company and many unsigned artists of all genres.
Religion.
Although difficult to appreciate today, religion played a central role in the life of the village until the second half off the twentieth century. Seion, Cwmaman remained an active place of worship until its closure for financial reasons in 2013. The congregation still meets at the former Moriah Aman Congregational Chapel, now an evangelical church. The third Welsh language chapel in the village was Soar, a Calvinistic Methodist church which closed in the late 1980s. It has now been demolished.
Regeneration and the community.
Cwmaman is a Communities First area, officially recognised as needing Welsh Assembly support to assist the community solve problems of social disadvantage.
The Cwmaman Communities First Partnership was established in October 2001 aiming to bring individuals, voluntary groups and public and private sector organisations in the community together to help create a better future for the area.
Many innovative environmental projects have taken place including the hosting of an environmental festival centred on St Joseph's Church, holding a sculpture exhibition, the development of a community woodland walk, and establishing a Cwmaman Sculpture Trail.
A range of sculptors have contributed to projects in the village, including Robert Koenig, Dai Edwards, Tom Harvey, Godfrey Phillips, Paul Clarke, Dave Lloyd, Dominic Claire and Peter Boyd.
Community Archives Wales.
The St Joseph's Heritage Group, based in St Joseph's Church joined the Community Archives Wales project in 2007. 
Cwmaman Institute is at the heart of its community, demonstrated by the range of groups and societies that it accommodates, housing over 40 societies. The history and culture of Cwmaman are unique and the community is desperate to share their stories with the world online. With a brand new digi-lab at St Joseph's Church, which will also employ a part-time IT worker, it is training and expertise that the group urgently needs, and will attain through participating in the Community Archives Wales project.
Politics.
Cwmaman was a traditional Labour Party stronghold, although in more recent times it has been challenged by Plaid Cymru. It lies in the Aberaman South electoral ward, currently represented by Councillor Howard Davies (Plaid Cymru).

</doc>
<doc id="2856815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856815" title="Vilnius municipality">
Vilnius municipality

Vilnius municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856816" title="Peary Land">
Peary Land

Peary Land is a peninsula in northern Greenland, extending into the Arctic Ocean. It reaches from Victoria Fjord in the west to Independence Fjord in the south and southeast, and to the Arctic Ocean in the north, with Cape Morris Jesup, the northernmost point of Greenland's mainland, and Cape Bridgman in the northeast.
Geography.
Peary Land is bounded by Lincoln Sea (west of Cape Morris Jesup) and Wandel Sea of the Arctic Ocean in the north. Oodaaq island, the northernmost point of land of the world, lies off the north coast. Frederick E. Hyde Fjord, which cuts into Peary Land from the east 150 km deep, divides it into Northern Peary Land and Southern Peary Land. The coastline is deeply indented by smaller fjords. Highest peak of Peary Land is Mara Mountain of Roosevelt Mountain Range, 1,155 meters high.
Peary Land is not part of any municipality, but is part of the Northeast Greenland National Park. The size of the region is about 375 km east-west and 200 km north-south, with an estimated area of 57 000 km². It is only a bit more than 700 km south of the North Pole. The area is mountainous, with elevations to 1 950 m in the heavily glaciated Roosevelt Range and to comparable heights in the little-explored H.H. Benedict Range. It is free of Greenland's inland ice cap. Being mostly north of the 82°N parallel, it contains the most northerly ice-free region of the world, mostly in Southern Peary Land (such as Melville Land just north of the Independence Fjord). Precipitation levels are so low (only about 25 to 200 mm per year, all as snow) that it is called a polar desert. It was not covered by glaciers during the most recent ice age. However, in its western part, there is a local icecap, Hans Tausen Icecap, with ice at least 344 m thick.
Originally, Peary Land was believed to be an island, separated from the main island by "Peary Channel", an assumed connection between Victoria Fjord and Independence Fjord).
Fauna and flora.
Caribou and musk oxen are supported by the sparse vegetation, which covers only about 5% of the surface, and which includes 33 species of flowering plants. Other fauna includes arctic fox, polar wolf, polar bear, and arctic hare.
One to two million years ago, when climates were warmer, trees such as larch, black spruce, birch, yew, and thuja grew in the northernmost Peary Land.
Human exploration and settlement.
Peary Land was historically inhabited by three Inuit cultures, during which times the climate was milder than presently:
The area is named after Robert E. Peary, who first explored it during his expedition of 1891 to 1892.
Research.
There are two Arctic research stations on Jørgen Brønlund Fjord, Brønlundhus (erected in 1948) and Kap Harald Moltke (erected in 1972). Both stations were built on initiative of Eigil Knuth, and have been the basis for many scientific expeditions. Kap Harald Moltke station was built later in connection with use of the natural runway east of Jørgen Brønlund Fjord mouth. The stations located 10 km from each other on either side of the fjord, with Brønlundhus on the western side, and communication between them in summer is by boat, depending on ice conditions. Since the death of Eigil Knuth, the stations are administered by Peary Land Foundation. Today, Brønlundhus can be characterised as a museum, with a collection of artefacts from polar explorations.

</doc>
<doc id="2856828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856828" title="Kaunas municipality">
Kaunas municipality

Kaunas municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856830" title="Tufillo Triviño Tulio">
Tufillo Triviño Tulio

Tufillo Triviño Tulio is the main character of the Chilean cartoon series "31 Minutos". He is the anchor of the "most accurate news on television." His voice is performed by Pedro Peirano (creator, director and writer of the series). It is based (to some extent) on journalists Bernardo de la Maza and Fernando Paulsen. He is from the fictional town of Titirilquén.
Personality.
He is distracted and eccentric. He has the bad habit of being compulsive shopper, making things that will never be useful. It is very egocentric, and finds it difficult to think of anything but him. The viewing audience considers him a bit stupid, but basically good-hearted. It is said that he took his first steps in Maracaibo, Venezuela, leading a program on the life of the beetles. Thanks to his friend Juan Carlos Bozzo, could reach the 31 Minutes news program.
Family.
Although it has been revealed he has several family members on more than one occasion, the only ones who have been in the program are his mother and the only daughter of his sister Morticia Felicinda, but a naughty girl named Patricia Ann Tufillo, better known as Patana, who works as a reporter in charge of his uncle. Tulio has never borne a child.
Romantic life.
In the early episodes of the program, Tulio showed a marked interest in his colleague Carla Rubio, he was rejected again and again by his cold coworker. Also, at the beginning of the second season his relationship with Cindy Miraflores, (a girl with a small problem with pronunciation, who at first was only considered a summer romance passenger, but who end up in formal, even at long distance as she lives in the remote village of Titiritalca), was made public. He looks at another time during the second season, claiming Tulio because he had told the program she worked on was educational, which was false.
Friendships.
Somewhat naively, Tulio seems to regard Juan Carlos Bozzo as his best friend, and knew each other since they were children and even were part of the same Scout group, the Pack Apumanque. Although their relationship is far from perfect, deep down they care for each other.
Beyond that, Tulio is quite friendly with the rest of the staff. Although he is sometimes rather rough with Juanín also seems to have a good friendship with this shy character as many Vaces shouts the phrase "party at Juanin's".

</doc>
<doc id="2856840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856840" title="Xing Technology">
Xing Technology

Xing Technology was a live audio broadcast software company founded in Arroyo Grande, California in 1989 by former networking executive Howard Gordon.
History.
Gordon founded Xing on the basis of a simple JPEG decoding library that he had developed. This software attracted the attention of Chris Eddy, who had developed a technique for processing discrete cosine transforms (DCT) efficiently through software. Eddy's technique helped create the first Xing MPEG video player, a very simple MS-DOS application that could play back an I-frame-only video MPEG stream encoded at a constant quantization level at 160x120 resolution.
Over the next several years, Xing expanded in several directions: Windows support for the XingMPEG player, a software MPEG audio decoder, a real time ISA 160x120 MPEG capture board (XingIt!), a JPEG management system (Picture Prowler) and finally networking. Xing released a handful of network products before StreamWorks, the first streaming audio and video system for the Internet, with support for both live and pre-encoded sources. RealVideo appeared just before StreamWorks, but at the time it was known as RealAudio and could only broadcast audio. It could not transmit video. After StreamWorks was launched the company raised $5M in venture capital, but RealNetworks raised considerably more and began to out execute Xing. Despite that Xing experienced a period of expansion through its "Audio Catalyst" MP3 software and "MP3 Grabber".
Xing was bought by RealNetworks in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2856843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856843" title="Midland Valley Railroad">
Midland Valley Railroad

The Midland Valley Railroad was incorporated in 1903 for the purpose of building a line from Hoye, Arkansas, through Muskogee and Tulsa, Oklahoma to Wichita, Kansas. The railroad took its name from Midland, Arkansas, a coal mining town in western Arkansas which was served by the railroad. The Midland Valley gained access to Fort Smith, Arkansas via trackage rights over the Frisco from Rock Island, Oklahoma.
Muskogee, Oklahoma, was home to the Midland Valley's headquarters and shops. In 1925, the Midland Valley acquired the Kansas, Oklahoma and Gulf Railway. Both railroads were owned by the Muskogee Company, which purchased a third railroad Oklahoma City-Ada-Atoka Railway in 1929. All three railroads were operated as more or less common property by the Muskogee Company until sale of all railroads to the Missouri Pacific Railroad in 1964. The Midland Valley was merged into the T&P on April 1, 1967. Operated as branchlines for a number of years, most of the Midland Valley has now been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="2856846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856846" title="Scar Symmetry">
Scar Symmetry

Scar Symmetry is a Swedish metal band from Avesta in Dalarna County, formed in 2004. The band has released five albums, with six released singles. They are currently signed to Nuclear Blast records.
History.
Formation and Symmetric in Design (2004-2005).
Formed in April 2004, Scar Symmetry came together during the band Altered Aeon's recording session at Jonas Kjellgren's Black Lounge Studios by guitarists Jonas Kjellgren, Per Nilsson and drummer Henrik Ohlsson. That same month, vocalist Christian Älvestam and bassist Kenneth Seil joined the band, which then recorded a demo for the song "Seeds of Rebellion" which helped the band get a recording contract with Cold Records (a subsidiary of Metal Blade Records).
In July 2005, the band entered Black Lounge Studios to begin recording its debut album, "Symmetric in Design". It followed it up by playing festivals in Europe, as well as touring with Soilwork, Hypocrisy, and One Man Army.
Pitch Black Progress (2006-2007).
In June 2006, the band signed a new record deal with Nuclear Blast records. Eight months after the release of "Symmetric in Design" the band started recording its follow-up, "Pitch Black Progress". The band again followed up its recording by touring, this time with Communic for the "Waves of Pitch Black Decay Tour 2006" throughout Europe, and they toured North America with melodic death metal pioneers Dark Tranquillity and The Haunted. The song "The Illusionist" began receiving air-play on MTV2's "Headbangers Ball". In September 2007, the band embarked on another North American tour with headliners Katatonia, Insomnium, and Swallow the Sun, the "Live Consternation Tour".
Holographic Universe and New Vocalists (2008-2009).
The band's third album, "Holographic Universe", was released on June 20, 2008. Following the release, despite an outpouring of good reviews and press for the album as well as the success of the single for "Morphogenesis", Scar Symmetry did not embark on tours. The band released a statement on September 11, 2008 announcing that they had parted ways with vocalist Christian Älvestam, due to touring conflicts and creative differences. On October 6, they announced the replacements for Christian Älvestam: they would continue with two singers, Roberth Karlsson (growls and backing clean vocals) and Lars Palmqvist (clean vocals and backing growls) and the band finally began touring in support of the new album in December after six months.
Dark Matter Dimensions (2009-2010).
The band's fourth album, "Dark Matter Dimensions", was released on October 2, 2009 in Europe, and on October 20, 2009 in the US. It is the band's first album to feature new vocalists Karlsson and Palmqvist. Despite the replacement of previous singer, the album received generally positive reviews upon its release. A music video was filmed for the songs "Noumenon & Phenomenon", "Ascension Chamber" and "The Iconoclast".
From late October 2009, Scar Symmetry took part in the Neckbreakers Ball Tour alongside Behemoth, DevilDriver and Arsis. In February 2010, Scar Symmetry announced that they were to support head-liners Hypocrisy at the "A Taste of Extreme Divinity" tour. Towards the end of 2010, they toured with Epica in the United States and Canada - starting in West Springfield, Virginia on 16 November, and finishing in Raleigh, North Carolina on 18 December.
The Unseen Empire (2011-2013).
Scar Symmetry's fifth album, titled "The Unseen Empire", was released in Europe on April 18, 2011. Drummer Henrik Ohlsson states that the title of the album "seeks to expose the hidden hand of the elite that pull the strings of mankind in order to fulfill their agenda of global domination". The album is the band's best-selling yet in America in terms of first-week sales. It sold 1,500 copies, landing it at number 11 on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart. The band unofficially started to write their next record. In August 2013 the band announced that guitarist Jonas Kjellgren had left the band due to scheduling conflicts with his studio work and his other bands Raubtier and Bourbon Boys. Kjellgren will not be replaced officially, but his place will be taken by session guitarists for live shows.
The Singularity trilogy (2014-present).
On 20 January 2014, the band announced that they were working on a trilogy of albums, all revolving around the theme of transhumanism. The artwork for the first in the series of albums, "The Singularity, Phase 1: Neohumanity" was revealed on the same day, along with a short clip of a pre-production demo for the new album.
Phase 1: Neohumanity.
The band explained that the first phase of the trilogy would be centred around the rise of "artilects (artificial intellects) with mental capacities far above the human level of thought" and that "by the year 2030, one of the world's biggest industries will be 'artificial brains,' used to control artilects that will be genuinely intelligent and useful." As well as this, the lyrical content will focus on the divide between "those who embrace the new technology and those who oppose it" due to the social issues caused by the rise of artificial intelligence and the emergence of transhumanists adding artilect technology to their own bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="2856848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856848" title="Christoph Meckel">
Christoph Meckel

Christoph Meckel (born 12 June 1935 in Berlin) is a German author and graphic artist.
Life.
Christoph Meckel spent his youth in Freiburg im Breisgau, where he attended Gymnasium. In 1954/55 he studied graphic art at the Academy of Art in Freiburg im Breisgau, and in 1956 at the Academy of Art in München. 
Since 1956 he has worked as both an author and graphic artist. He has traveled extensively through Europe, Africa, and America and lived in Oetingen in Markgräflerland, in Berlin, in the south of France, and in Tuscany.
His graphic work has appeared in numerous exhibitions. Until his withdrawal in 1997, Meckel was a member of the PEN Center of the Federal Republic of Germany. He is a member of the 
Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur in Mainz and the Deutschen Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung in Darmstadt.
Awards.
Meckel has received numerous literary prizes, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2856852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856852" title="Cartesian product of graphs">
Cartesian product of graphs

In graph theory, the Cartesian product "G" formula_1 "H" of graphs "G" and "H" is a graph such that
Cartesian product graphs can be recognized efficiently, in time O("m" log "n") for a graph with "m" edges and "n" vertices . The operation is commutative as an operation on isomorphism classes of graphs, and more strongly the graphs "G" formula_1 "H" and "H" formula_1 "G" are naturally isomorphic, but it is not commutative as an operation on labeled graphs. The operation is also associative, as the graphs ("F" formula_1 "G") formula_1 "H" and "F" formula_1 ("G" formula_1 "H") are naturally isomorphic.
The notation "G" × "H" is occasionally also used for Cartesian products of graphs, but is more commonly used for another construction known as the tensor product of graphs. The square symbol is the more common and unambiguous notation for the Cartesian product of graphs. It shows visually the four edges resulting from the Cartesian product of two edges.
The Cartesian product is "not" a product in the category of graphs. (The tensor product is the categorical product.) However, it is a product in the category of "reflexive" graphs. The category of graphs does form a monoidal category under the Cartesian product.
Properties.
If a connected graph is a Cartesian product, it can be factorized uniquely as a product of prime factors, graphs that cannot themselves be decomposed as products of graphs (Sabidussi 1960; Vizing 1963). However, Imrich and Klavžar (2000) describe a disconnected graph that can be expressed in two different ways as a Cartesian product of prime graphs:
where the plus sign denotes disjoint union and the superscripts denote exponentiation over Cartesian products.
A Cartesian product is vertex transitive if and only if each of its factors is (Imrich and Klavžar, Theorem 4.19).
A Cartesian product is bipartite if and only if each of its factors is. More generally, the chromatic number of the Cartesian product satisfies the equation 
(Sabidussi 1957). The Hedetniemi conjecture states a related equality for the tensor product of graphs. The independence number of a Cartesian product is not so easily calculated, but as Vizing (1963) showed it satisfies the inequalities
The Vizing conjecture states that the domination number of a Cartesian product satisfies the inequality
Algebraic graph theory.
Algebraic graph theory can be used to analyse the Cartesian graph product.
If the graph formula_18 has formula_19 vertices and the formula_20 adjacency matrix formula_21, and the graph formula_22 has formula_23 vertices and the formula_24 adjacency matrix formula_25, then the adjacency matrix of the Cartesian product of both graphs is given by
where formula_27 denotes the Kronecker product of matrices and formula_28 denotes the formula_29 identity matrix.
History.
According to Klavžar and Imrich, Cartesian products of graphs were defined in 1912 by Whitehead and Russell. They were repeatedly rediscovered later, notably by Sabidussi in 1960. 

</doc>
<doc id="2856853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856853" title="Imperial Eagle (disambiguation)">
Imperial Eagle (disambiguation)

Imperial Eagle can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2856866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856866" title="Alytus municipality">
Alytus municipality

Alytus municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856882" title="Klaipėda municipality">
Klaipėda municipality

Klaipėda municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856886" title="Arthur Wishart">
Arthur Wishart

Arthur Allison Wishart, (1903-1986) was a politician and in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1971. He was a Progressive Conservative member who served in the cabinet of Bill Davis.
Background.
Born in New Brunswick, Wishart obtained his law degree from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1930, and then practised in Windsor and Blind River. 
Politics.
He served as mayor of Blind River before moving to Sault Ste. Marie.
In the 1963 provincial election, he was elected the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for Sault Ste. Marie.
He entered the cabinet within a year as Attorney General of Ontario under then Premier John Robarts. He served in that senior cabinet portfolio for seven years, and is credited with shepherding many important pieces of legislation, including the "Legal Aid Act" of 1966 and the "Law Enforcement Compensation Act" of 1967.
In 1967, Wishart fired Morton Shulman from his position as Chief Coroner of Metropolitan Toronto as a result of Shulman's criticisms of the government's failure to follow various recommendations made in coroner's inquiries. The dismissal propelled Shulman, until then a long-time Tory, into politics as a candidate and then MPP for the New Democratic Party.
In early 1971, Wishart became Minister of Financial and Consumer Affairs under Robarts's successor, Bill Davis, and served until retiring from 
politics at the 1971 provincial election.
Wishart was very active on the issue of franchises while he was Minister of Finance and Minister of Consumer and Commercial Affairs. He initiated the Grange Commission, an inquiry held into the financial abuse of franchisees by franchisors. The "Arthur Wishart (Franchise Disclosure) Act", passed in 2000 was named in his honour.
Later life.
After leaving politics, he served the province as chairman of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board and later of the Commission on Election Contributions and Expenses. He returned to Queen's Park in 1973 as a liaison between Premier Davis and the Progressive Conservative caucus.
Wishart was a supporter of Sault Ste. Marie's local university, Algoma University, and in 1989 a new wing was built at Algoma to house the Arthur A. Wishart Library.
In 1976, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2856893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856893" title="Panevėžys municipality">
Panevėžys municipality

Panevėžys municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856898" title="Stobart Group">
Stobart Group

Stobart Group Ltd () (trading as Stobart Group) is a large British infrastructure and support services company, with interests in Energy, Rail, Aviation, Investments and Brand Promotion (including Legal Services), through operations in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The company is registered in Guernsey but has its operational head office in Carlisle, Cumbria which it hopes to re-locate to a new, purpose-built building at Carlisle Lake District Airport, where it owns a 150-year lease expiring in 2151.
Stobart Group was formed in 2007 from the merger of the Westbury Property Fund and Eddie Stobart. Since then, it has diversified its interests, and following the sale in 2014 of a 51% stake in its original Eddie Stobart Logistics business, it now concentrates in the biomass energy, railway maintenance and aviation sectors as well as having investments in a property and logistics portfolio. Stobart Group owns the intellectual property rights and trademarks to the brand name "Eddie Stobart" and it licences it out to Eddie Stobart Logistics.
Brothers-in-law Andrew Tinkler and William Stobart hold 9.08% and 3.39% respectively of the Stobart Group as of April 2014. Allan Jenkinson holds a further 4.99% of the company as of April 2014. The largest overall shareholder is now the investment management company Invesco who now holds 35.85% of the Stobart Group as of April 2014.
The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. However, unlike most UK public companies, Stobart Group retains its "Ltd" status as it is incorporated in Guernsey and not England & Wales or Scotland, which would require it to change its suffix to "plc" status.
History.
Founding.
The Stobart Group was created on 15 August 2007 when the Eddie Stobart business gained a stock market listing through the reverse acquisition of the Westbury Property Fund Ltd, a commercial property and ports company.
Westbury acquired the ultimate Eddie Stobart Ltd. holding company, Stobart Holdings Ltd., from W.A. Developments International Ltd. for £137.7 million: £62 million in cash and £76 million in new Westbury Property Fund shares. The renamed Westbury group then became the London Stock Exchange listed Stobart Group Ltd., with Andrew Tinkler and William Stobart becoming substantial shareholders holding 20% and 8.5% respectively of the Stobart Group and becoming Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Stobart Group respectively.
In return, Westbury would sell the bulk of its commercial property portfolio, Westbury Properties Ltd., to another WA Developments subsidiary, WADI Properties Ltd., for £142.0 million in cash. The Stobart Air operation, owners of Carlisle Lake District Airport, remained outside the enlarged group, still owned by WA Developments.
With the Westbury takeover Stobart gained the Port of Weston in Runcorn. At the same time as the Westbury merger it was announced that the "O'Connor Group" was also being purchased by Westlink, at the time a wholly owned business of Westbury, from the O'Connor family for £22 million. The O'Connor Group operates a truck fleet of approximately 90 vehicles, offering transmodal road rail services at the 'inland port', Widnes Intermodal Rail Depot.
In March 2007 Westbury had also acquired AHC – a rail terminal operator and storage, facilities handling and transport business – operating on a site adjacent to the O'Connor terminal. Westbury also operated a joint venture, Victa Westlink Rail, between its Westlink subsidiary and Victa Railfreight.
The company was split into three divisions: Eddie Stobart, Stobart Rail and Stobart Ports, with the opportunity of adding a fourth division, Stobart Air, in the future.
Stobart Group's First Acquisitions.
On 10 March 2008 the Stobart Group announced the acquisition of James Irlam & Sons Ltd, one of the largest independently owned road transport logistics providers in the UK. The company was purchased from the Irlam family for £59.9 million.
At the same time, the group announced the purchase of the Andrew Tinkler and William Stobart owned partner company W. A. Developments Ltd., from W. A. Developments International Ltd., which had been advising Stobart on the redevelopment of the inland port operation in Widnes and potential port operation in Runcorn, and a £50,000 option agreement to purchase Carlisle Lake District Airport, controlled by WA Developments through Stobart Air Holdings, for £15 million (£2.5 million in cash and £12.5 million in new Stobart Group shares). At the beginning of June 2008, W. A. Developments Ltd. was renamed Stobart Rail Ltd and became responsible for all the railway activities of the group. This is now contained in the Stobart Infrastructure and Civils division.
On 1 April 2008 the Stobart Group (incorporating Eddie Stobart Ltd) started its first dedicated operations in Ireland, Stobart Ireland, based in Dublin, following the acquisition of TDG's Irish trailer operations.
In July 2008 it was announced that the group had taken over the chilled and ambient goods distribution operations from the administrators of Innovate Logistics Limited, saving the jobs of around 1,300 Innovate employees.
On 2 December 2008, the Stobart Group announced the surprise £21 million purchase of London Southend Airport, through its subsidiary Stobart Airports Ltd from Regional Airports Ltd (who also own London Biggin Hill Airport). The deal completed on 5 December 2008. At the time, the book value of London Southend Airport's assets were £25.5 million, and the acquisition was later described as a "bargain purchase" by the Stobart Group. The deal was paid as to £10 million in new Stobart Group shares, £6 million by a vendor loan note, and the remaining £5 million was to be paid on the completion of the London Southend Airport expansion plans in July 2012.
In January 2009, Stobart Group's subsidiary, Stobart Airports Ltd., exercised its option to acquire Carlisle Lake District Airport from Stobart Air Holdings for £14 million (£1 million less than originally announced). Following an independent shareholder vote, the acquisition was completed in May 2009, and the purchase price was reduced to £9.9 million due to a fall in the value of Stobart Group shares.
On 14 September 2009, MP David Taylor officially opened Stobart's Nestlé distribution centre in Bardon, Coalville, Leicestershire, after a £7 million refurbishment creating an extra 62 jobs. The new site previously owned by Innovate Logistics, at full capacity, will hold 110,000 pallets, and 88,000 tonnes of goods. The hub distributes approx 75% of Nestlé UK's deliveries of products such as Kit-Kats, Smarties and Nescafé.
On 24 March 2010, the Stobart Group announced the purchase of 50% of A. W. Jenkinson Biomass Ltd, from A. W. Jenkinson Forest Products, for £30 million, as an equal mix of cash and shares. A. W. Jenkinson Biomass Ltd was then renamed Stobart Biomass Products Ltd.
On 11 October 2010, the Stobart Group announced that it was purchasing 35 convertible preference shares of €1 each in the parent company of the Irish airline Aer Arann, Everdeal Ltd, through its subsidiary Aer Arann UK Ltd, for €2.5 million, enabling it to have a 5% stake in the airline. Stobart Group has an option to increase its stake by a further 27.5% to 32.5%. At the same time, Aer Arann announced that it would start twice daily flights from Stobart Group's London Southend Airport to Galway and Waterford in Ireland from 27 March 2011.
Edward Stobart's death.
Edward Stobart died on Thursday 31 March 2011 suffering heart problems. He was 56.
Further expansion.
On 21 April 2011, the Stobart Group announced a Placing and Open Offer (similar to a rights issue) of 77,339,766 new ordinary shares in the Stobart Group at 155p each to raise net proceeds of £114.9 million to achieve its growth plans.
The Stobart Group also announced it was buying the remaining 50% of Stobart Biomass Products it did not already own for £20 million.
The company was to be split into five new divisions: Stobart Transport and Distribution, Stobart Estates, Stobart Infrastructure and Civils, Stobart Air and Stobart Biomass.
Due to a fall in property values during 2007–2011, the Stobart Group also announced an option to buy back Westbury Properties Ltd. from WADI Properties Ltd. expiring on 15 August 2011, as some of its properties, owned by a Westbury Properties Ltd. subsidiary, Moneypenny Ltd., were used by the Stobart Group for its operations. On 17 January 2012, Stobart Group announced it was purchasing WADI Properties Ltd. itself for £12.35 million (£5.15 million in cash and £7.2 million in new Stobart Group ordinary shares) from W. A. Developments International Ltd. Following another independent shareholder vote, the acquisition was completed on 28 February 2012. [http://online.hemscottir.com/ir/stob/ir.jsp?page=news-item&item=883747503251540]
On 18 June 2012, Stobart Group's subsidiary, Stobart Holdings Ltd., announced the acquisition of the car transporter logistics operator, Autologic Holdings PLC, for 20p in cash per Autologic ordinary share, valuing the company at £12.4 million. After Autologic shareholder approval, the acquisition was completed on 10 August 2012.
Boardroom coup and counter-coup.
In January 2013, following an under-performing share price, Stobart Group's largest shareholder, Invesco, initiated a number of boardroom changes. The long-standing Non-Executive Chairman, Rodney Baker-Bates, was demoted to become a Non-Executive Director, whilst Avril Palmer-Baunack, the former Chief Executive of Autologic and now Deputy Chief Executive of Stobart Group, was promoted to become Executive Chairman. Her remit was to sell off under-performing parts of the business.
However, disagreements started with Andrew Tinkler and William Stobart, who held 12.6% of the Stobart Group at the time, over what could be classified as an "under-performing asset". Their view was that there were no under-performing assets in the Stobart Group whatsoever.
In April 2013, Stobart Group announced that Avril Palmer-Baunack would be leaving the Group in the next month. In October 2013, Stobart Group appointed Iain Ferguson CBE as its new independent Non-Executive Chairman.
Partial realisation of Transport and Distribution Division.
In March 2014, Stobart Group announced its intention to re-position itself as an Infrastructure and Supports Services business, with the announcement of the sale of its original Transport and Distribution business to Douglas Bay Capital for £280.8 million: £195.6 million in cash and £44.1 million in shares (and therefore a 49% stake) of the new Eddie Stobart Logistics business. The deal enabled Stobart Group to pay back almost all of its debt, conduct a £35 million share buy-back and invest £55 million into its new division Stobart Green Energy.
William Stobart left his position as Chief Operating Officer of the Stobart Group to become Chief Executive Officer of Eddie Stobart Logistics.
Stobart Group was then re-organised into four core divisions: Stobart Energy, Stobart Rail, Stobart Aviation and Stobart Investments.
Financial performance.
Stobart Group is listed on the London Stock Exchange under the symbol STOB.
Figures below show the recent results for the Group; their financial year now runs to the last day of February each year:
Source
Current operations.
There are now four main business divisions within the company: Stobart Energy, Stobart Rail, Stobart Aviation, and Stobart Investments. There is also a further division, Stobart Brand, which promotes the brand name "Eddie Stobart" and also includes the legal services division Stobart Barristers.
Stobart Energy.
Formed in March 2010 when the Stobart Group purchased 50% of A. W. Jenkinson Biomass Ltd from A. W. Jenkinson Forest Products, which was then renamed as Stobart Biomass Products Ltd. The remaining 50% was acquired in May 2011. The Head of this division is Mike Smith.
Stobart Biomass transports sustainable wood products (primarily life-expired timber and low grade softwood) for use in low-carbon emission power plants, producing electricity at both large and small scale power plants, including for export. The business also sources sustainable timber and waste products, which are used in the production of Biomass Energy. Stobart Biomass operates from several sites throughout the UK, with its HQ at Penrith, Cumbria.
Stobart Rail.
Stobart Rail (formerly known as Stobart Infrastructure and Civils) incorporates the major engineering and redevelopment projects including road/rail freight distribution centres, ambient and chilled warehousing facilities, construction/refurbishment of rail stations, sidings and airport buildings. It includes Stobart Rail: Infrastructure Engineering and Stobart Developments.
Stobart Rail Infrastructure and Civils operate the Southend Airport railway station which it opened on 18 July 2011.
The Head of this division is Kirk Taylor.
Stobart Rail: Infrastructure Engineering.
Stobart Rail: Infrastructure Engineering (originally W. A. Developments Ltd) carries out railway works for Network Rail.
Stobart Developments.
Stobart Developments is the logistics construction division of the Stobart Group. It is responsible for the development and improvement of the Stobart Group's property holdings. It currently has over 2 million sq ft of warehousing under construction throughout the UK.
Stobart Aviation.
Stobart Airports Ltd (trading as Stobart Aviation) comprises Carlisle Lake District Airport and London Southend Airport.
The Head of this division is Roger Clements.
Carlisle Lake District Airport.
Stobart Group purchased the lease of Carlisle Lake District Airport on 30 May 2009. It is operated by Stobart Air Ltd.
London Southend Airport.
Stobart Group purchased the lease of London Southend Airport on 5 December 2008. It is operated by the London Southend Airport Company Ltd.
Stobart Investments.
Stobart Estates Holdings Ltd (known as Stobart Investments) comprises the Stobart Group's portfolio of properties, including retail sites, light industrial buildings and distribution centres, office space and holdings which are owned or used in the Group's day-to-day business. It also includes the Group's 49% stake in Eddie Stobart Logistics and the Group's 45% stake in Stobart Air.
The Head of this division is Allan Tindall.
Stobart Properties.
Stobart Properties Ltd (known as Stobart Properties) owns most of the original Eddie Stobart Logistics buildings and also the Westbury Property Fund's original joint-venture property interests.
Westbury Properties.
WADI Properties Ltd is the holding company for Westbury Properties Ltd, the original Westbury Property Fund's commercial property division. Westbury Properties Ltd, owns Moneypenny Ltd, (known as the Moneypenny Property Portfolio) which comprised 18 freehold and long leasehold properties. They are a mixture of commercial, industrial and residential properties primarily in the South-East.
Two of the properties are occupied by the Stobart Group itself. One property is a B&Q Retail Park in Kingston upon Hull.
By the end of 2013, Stobart Group had disposed of the majority of these properties.
Eddie Stobart Logistics.
Stobart Group owns a 49% stake in Eddie Stobart Logistics, the UK's largest multi-modal logistics company.
Stobart Air.
Stobart Group, through its subsidiary Aer Arann UK Ltd, owns a 45% stake in the parent company of Stobart Air, Everdeal Holdings Limited. Stobart Group has an option to increase its stake by a further 55% to 100%. This acquisition then helped later on to re-introduce scheduled passengers flights from London Southend Airport to Galway and Waterford, then to Dublin, operated by Aer Lingus Regional.
Stobart Brand.
Stobart Group Brands LLP and Eddie Stobart Promotions Ltd have various Brand Promotion services, such as the Stobart Members Club, Stobart Fest, Stobart Sponsorship and Stobart Motorsport.
In 2005, 2007, and 2012, Eddie Stobart was recognised as a UK Superbrand by Superbrands Ltd.
Stobart Members Club.
The tradition of naming Eddie Stobart lorry cabins with female names, combined with a very distinctive livery, has led members of the general public to "collect" sightings of Stobart lorries. This has occurred to the extent that a fan club was formed, eventually supported by the company which arranges depot tours and lorry rides, and sells model lorries etc. For a few years in the 1990s the company ran a fan club shop in Carlisle's city centre.
To help celebrate the 25th Anniversary of Eddie Stobart Ltd, the Somerset group The Wurzels recorded a new song ""I wanna be an Eddie Stobart Driver"". The song graced the UK Top 100 in 1995. The original, together with a spoof called ""I wanna join the Eddie Stobart fan club"", are still available for download via iTunes. There is also a range of Eddie Stobart toys available.
Liveries.
Standard Eddie Stobart trucks previously carried a yellow and red shaded effect identity "Eddie Stobart Ltd." with the strapline "Express Road Haulage Specialist", although the strapline "International Logistics" had also been used. This livery featured a basic contrast scheme of white, green, yellow and red, characterised by the yellow "S" chevron, red and white striped bumpers, and white detailing on red truck and trailer skirt panels.
In the Edward Stobart era customer liveries were also used for companies such as Knauf, United Glass, Gerber Foods, Britvic and Schmalbach lubeca.
To reflect the transfer of the company to WA Developments, and with the invention of a new wraparound shrink wrap adhesive plastic application technique, the standard livery was updated and changed to a more blended arrangement, with the dropping of yellow, and the traditionalist style white detailing and shadow effect fleet name. The main identity changed to just "Eddie Stobart" with white lettering and no shading effect, with the strap line "Trans - Store - Logistics". As of 2012 the strap line is "Delivering Sustainable Distribution". Some trailers carry a white refrigeration livery, with the phrase "Temperature Controlled Distribution". The striped white bumper effect is now extended around the vehicle, and is reflective as a night safety feature. Other Stobart trucks can carry complete customer liveries, most notably for Tesco, Coca-Cola, Mercedes AMG Petronas, Pirelli or the light blue of Knauf.
Stobart Rail carry the same livery as Eddie Stobart tractor units but have a main colour of Blue instead of the Green of Eddie Stobart.
Despite news reports to the contrary in 2008, the Irlam and O'Connor fleets have received Stobart liveried trucks, although the "Stobart" at the top front of the tractor unit is changed to "Irlam" or "O'Connor", with the relevant web address in place of the Eddie Stobart one. As of 2011 all Stobart tractor units that had previously carried the "Irlam" or "O'Connor" branding now carry Stobart Group branding.
Company additions to the group, the different in-house customer liveries used, and the changeover of standard liveries sometimes resulted in odd combinations of liveries between tractor and trailer combinations.
The Stobart sponsored rally team uses a specially liveried trailer.
Vehicle naming.
Eddie Stobart has a long tradition of giving its trucks female names. The first four owned by Eddie Stobart were named after model "Twiggy" and singers "Tammy" (Wynette), "Dolly" (Parton) and "Suzi" (Quatro). Names are now often chosen with connections to drivers, or to commemorate long-serving employees. The practice has been expanded to cover other Stobart vehicles, including their sponsored sports cars and the Stobart Rail locomotive "Eddie the Engine".
With the expansion of the fleet, names have become harder to choose, and the fleet now features "Tuula Karina" (Finnish), "Angharrad" (Welsh), "Anstice" and "Saoirse Erin" (Irish, meaning 'Free Ireland'). Currently the vehicles with the shortest and longest names are "Nia" and "Gladys Duchess of Overton", both on Scania R420s.
There are some exceptions to the female naming convention (including Eddie the Engine). In 2005, in celebration of 20 years of Transformers Stobart named a MAN tractor "Optimus Prime" and recently during the filming of a television series entitled "" a Volvo FH12 was christened "Valentino" after Valentino Rossi, the legendary Italian motorcycle racer, which caused a furore among spotters.
Members of the Stobart Members can also request a name, providing it is not already in use, but currently there is a three-year waiting list. When the name does finally get added to a truck a certificate and letter is sent to the person who requested it.
Stobart Fest.
In 2011 the Stobart Group announced that they would be holding an event called Stobart Fest. The event was originally planned to be held at their Crick Depot, but a week before the event it was announced that it would be held in conjunction with the British Touring Car Championship on Saturday 17 September 2011 at Rockingham Motor Speedway. They also announced that filming will take place on the day for the 3rd series of the Stobart Group TV show .
On the weekend of 26/27 May, Stobart Fest 2012 will be held at the Etihad Stadium home of the Manchester City Football Club to coincide with the Stobart Group sponsored Rugby Super League Magic Weekend.
Sponsorship.
Since the takeover of Eddie Stobart by WA Developments in 2004 and its subsequent listing on the London Stock Exchange in 2007, Stobart has taken to a high profile sponsorship programme, including:
Sponsorship of the Professional Jockeys Association.
On 25 January 2012 Stobart was announced as Super League's new naming sponsors, replacing engage Mutual Assurance.
Stobart Motorsport.
Stobart Motorsport supports various rally and motorbike teams.
Stobart Barristers.
Stobart Barristers Ltd (trading as Stobart Barristers) was launched in May 2012 and offers legal services.
Controversy.
Bonuses.
In May 2007 the Stobart Group was the subject of controversy when it reportedly offered bonuses to its Carlisle-based drivers to work in Livingston in Scotland, to transport goods for Tesco who were in dispute with their distribution centre drivers and facing disruption to their supply chain. The Stobart drivers refused to cross the Livingston picket line.
Carlisle Lake District Airport.
On 4 April 2008 controversy emerged surrounding the proposed developments to Carlisle Lake District Airport. In response to 63 apparently overly restrictive planning conditions placed on the development plans of Stobart Air, Andrew Tinkler apparently intended to move the Stobart haulage and warehousing operation out of Carlisle to Widnes, as a contingency 'plan B', asserting the redevelopment under the proposed condition would not be completed in time.
By 8 April talks had proceeded, and centred on ten disputed points.
On 10 April it was announced that Andrew Tinkler and Carlisle City Council leader Mike Mitchelson shook hands on a revised list of conditions for the plan.
However the plans were called in by the Government and Andrew Tinkler withdrew the application.
In January 2011, Stobart Air submitted proposals to build a 394,000 sq ft Air Freight Distribution Centre on the site. Under the plans, Eddie Stobart would re-locate all its Carlisle depots to the airport, and there would be passenger flights to and from London Southend Airport, operated by Aer Arann, an airline 5%-owned by the Stobart Group through a 35 convertible preference shares of €1 each acquired on 10 November 2010. Further details on jobs and flights were supplied in support of the application in July 2011. A decision was finally reached on 3 August 2012 when Stobart Air was given permission by Carlisle City Council to develop the airport. However, on 21 March 2014 this planning permission was quashed, but Stobart Aviation said it would re-submit a proposal to re-develop Carlisle Lake District Airport in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="2856899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856899" title="Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor">
Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor

Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor (meaning in English "Meirion-Dwyfor College"), also known as CMD, is a college in Gwynedd, Wales with its main campus at Dolgellau, and it serves the areas of Meirionydd and Dwyfor. It has a bilingual language policy and offers the possibility of studying most subjects through the medium of Welsh. Since 1 April 2012, it is a constituent college of Grwp Llandrillo Menai
Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor has three main campuses at Dolgellau in Meirionnydd, Pwllheli in Dwyfor and Glynllifon (for agricultural courses) near Caernarfon. The Dolgellau campus was previously Dr Williams' School, until this closed in 1975.
Notable former pupils include singer Duffy (singer), who was elected president of the Students' union.
Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor formally merged with Coleg Llandrillo on 1 April 2010 and then this new college merged with Coleg Menai in 2012 to form Grwp Llandrillo Menai. The merged organisation is one of the largest further education colleges in the UK, located at twelve campuses across four counties. Although the colleges have merged their management and have a central administration, The Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor campuses retain the Coleg Meirion-Dwyfor name.

</doc>
<doc id="2856904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856904" title="Šiauliai municipality">
Šiauliai municipality

Šiauliai municipality can refer to either of these two municipalities in Lithuania:

</doc>
<doc id="2856910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856910" title="Pierre-François Bouchard">
Pierre-François Bouchard

Pierre-François Bouchard (29 April 1772, Orgelet – 29 April 1832) was an officer in the French Army engineers who is most famous for discovering the Rosetta Stone, an important archaeological find that allowed Ancient Egyptian writing to be understood for the first time in centuries.
Life.
Early life.
He was born in 1771 to Pierre Bouchard (a master joiner, then a businessman, then a merchant and finally a teacher) and his wife Pierrette Janet de Cressia, the youngest of their four daughters and 3 sons, all born in Orgelet. Pierre-François studied in the collège in Orgelet up until the classe de rhétorique, then spent two years studying philosophy and mathematics in the collège at Besançon. His military career began in 1793 as a sergent-major in a battalion of the Grenadiers de Paris. He was one of these famous "soldiers of Year II' and fought in Champagne and Belgium, before being sent to the École Nationale d' Aérostatique in 1794. He was made 'lieutenant des aérostiers' and taught maths as sous-directeur of this École, then based in Chalais-Meudon. There his right eye was badly damaged when a gas flask exploded during an experiment to produce hydrogen gas to inflate observation balloons – the experiment was led by Nicolas-Jacques Conté who lost his left eye. Conté held Bouchard in very high esteem and recommended him to Claude Louis Berthollet, one of the four founding fathers of the École Polytechnique, which Bouchard entered on 21 November 1796. There he studied descriptive geometry under Gaspard Monge and learned the art of fortification, until his studies were interrupted when he was taken on by the Ministry of War and attached as a lieutenant to the Egyptian expeditionary force on 20 April 1798.
Egypt.
Before embarking for Egypt, he married Marie Élisabeth Bergere on 23 April 1798 – she was a young woman from Meudon, five years his junior, with whom he much later had two children. He then went to Toulon and on 19 May the same year board the "Franklin". He landed in Egypt on 4 July after the capture of Alexandria and was then made a member of the Commission des Sciences et des Arts. Still under Conté's command, he was attached to a group of mechanical artists and ordered to investigate Egyptian crafts and techniques. He left Alexandria for Cairo on 7 September and, after a few weeks in Cairo, was on 3 October put under Antoine-François Andréossy's command as part of a team of geographers sent to investigate lake Menzalé between Damiette and Port-Saïd. Bouchard was only on this mission for forty days before going before the exit-panel of the École Polytechnique presided over by Monge, graduating in mid November. He was then promoted to engineer lieutenant, second class on 28 November 1798 and left the Commission des Sciences et des Arts to train in the army.
He was then put in charge of rebuilding of Fort Julien, an old Mamluk fortification near the port city of Rosetta (present-day Rashid) which Bonaparte had renamed after Thomas Prosper Jullien, recently assassinated in Egypt. During these works he discovered the Rosetta Stone on 15 or 19 July 1799. He was immediately convinced of its importance, an enthusiasm he passed on to generals Menou and Bonaparte. He found himself caught up in the fiasco which led to the fall of the fort of El-Arish, which he and general Cazals were defending against the Ottomans. He was sent as an envoy to the Grand Vizir but was arrested, disarmed and imprisoned in Damascus for forty two days. On his release he was promoted to captain on 1 May 1800 and attached again to the force at Rosetta, where he was again captured when the small French garrison Fort Jullien had to capitulate to the 2,000 British and 4,000 Ottoman troops sent against them. He was released at the end of the war in Egypt and got back to Marseille on 30 July 1801.
Saint Domingue and Spain.
At Marseille he joined the Saint-Domingue expedition, embarking in December accompanied by his wife, who came with him at her own expense in imitation of Pauline Bonaparte, wife of the expedition's commander Leclerc. Bouchard and his wife both caught yellow fever on the island, though she was repatriated and gave birth to their daughter in 1802, without Bouchard receiving news until much later. Bouchard was captured on the island's surrender and interned on Jamaica before being released on parole in August 1804, after which he went back to France. He convalesced there for a few months before joining Napoleon in September 1805, upon which Bouchard was put in charge of construction works in the town of Vendée (later renamed Roche-sur-Yon), which Napoleon had founded to reestablish civil and military authority on a civilian population who he thought might be encouraged to resume the War in the Vendee by the British naval presence in the area. Bouchard was in the town for two years with his wife, who gave birth to a son.
After a brief stay in La Rochelle, in 1807 Bouchard joined an expeditionary force which Napoleon was sending against Spain and Portugal after the Treaty of Tilsitt. Bouchard then spent seven years in the Peninsular War under Dupont, Soult, Massena and Marmont, fighting bravely at the battle of Alcolea on the Guadalquivir. Even so, after Dupont's surrender at on 22 July 1808, Bouchard was yet again captured. When he was released he went to join Soult's army and was present at the battle of Corogne and the capture of Oporto, distinguishing himself at the head of the sappers in the crossing of the fortified bridge at Amarante. He was promoted to chef de bataillon on 24 November 1809, but left his wife in such great want she had to beg for an advance of 500 francs from his pay, which he had otherwise entirely devoted to buying equipment and new horses after the French pulled out of Portugal. In 1810 and 1811 he fought under Massena in a new expedition to Portugal, which once again ended in retreat. He was made a Knight of the Légion d'Honneur and attached to the defence of Astorga in Spain under the command of Marmont then Clauzel. There he was again captured on the city's surrender and sent to England in September 1812, leaving his children and his parents in the care of his wife, who was again impoverished now she did not have his income.
Restoration.
Bouchard only got back to France after the treaty of Paris in July 1814 and the Bourbon Restoration saw him made an Officer of the Légion d'Honneur, a knight of the order of Saint Louis and chief engineer of Orléans. During the Hundred Days he sided with Napoleon, who put him in charge of defending Laon. He was denounced after for this action and put on half-pay, until requesting in July 1816 that his service record be amended to play down his actions during the Hundred Days. He thus rejoined the army and was attached to the fortified cities in northern France. His classmate Prevost de Vernois recommended him for the rank of lieutenant colonel, but died in Givet in 1822 as Engineer in Chief there after a long and painful illness – his daughter died just before him, aged 13. His widow's friends convinced the king to accord her a 450 franc pension, only a quarter of the pension Bouchard himself had received.

</doc>
<doc id="2856912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856912" title="Zurdo">
Zurdo

Zurdo, is a 2003 Mexican fantasy adventure film, directed by Carlos Salces from the same company that produced Amores Perros.
Translated from Spanish, the title means "Lefty." It is also a nickname of Rafael Nadal due to him being a left-handed player.
Storyline.
The story is of a young boy called Lefty, a gifted marble player who lives in an urban housing complex. One day a stranger arrives claiming to know the best marble player in the world and challenges Lefty to a contest. The news sends the townspeople into a frenzy and they put all their hopes and dreams into their little hero winning much more than a simple game of marbles. With success well within his grasp, Lefty is faced with a dilemma when a corrupt local official comes along to sabotage his chances.
Contributing artists.
The music is by Paul van Dyk who won an Ariel (Mexican Oscar) for his work, he also has released the soundtrack to the film in the form of an album.

</doc>
<doc id="2856914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856914" title="Desmoteplase">
Desmoteplase

Desmoteplase is a novel, highly fibrin-specific thrombolytic agent in phase III of clinical development. In 2009, two large trials (DIAS-3 and DIAS-4) were started, and the results of these studies will determine whether desmoteplase will gain marketing authorization as a safe and effective treatment for patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Filing with health authorities is estimated in the second quarter of 2014. The Danish pharmaceutical company, H. Lundbeck A/S (commonly known as Lundbeck), owns the worldwide rights to desmoteplase.
Mode of action.
Desmoteplase, a chemical found in the saliva of vampire bats, has the effect of catalysing the conversion of plasminogen to plasmin, which is the enzyme responsible for breaking down fibrin blood clots.
Discovery of desmoteplase.
As early as in 1932, the saliva of the vampire bat ("Desmodus rotundus") was known to lead to interference with the haemostatic mechanism of the host animal. In 1991, the DNA coding of four plasminogen activators present in the saliva of the vampire bat was completed. Of the four, recombinant "D. rotundus" salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1 (rDSPAα1; desmoteplase) was investigated further.
Chemical structure.
The structure of desmoteplase is similar to rt-PA (alteplase), but it does not contain the plasmin-sensitive cleavage site and the lysine-binding Kringle 2 domain. As a result, desmoteplase, in comparison to rt-PA, has high fibrin selectivity (100,000- v. 550-fold increase in catalytic activity), an absence of neurotoxicity, and no apparent negative effect on the blood–brain barrier. Desmoteplase also has a half-life of about four hours; rtPA has a terminal plasma half-life of about 5 minutes.
Desmoteplase in acute ischaemic stroke clinical trial program.
The two phase II trials DIAS and DEDAS indicated that when intravenous (IV) desmoteplase was administered three to 9 hours after onset of ischaemic stroke symptoms, it was associated with a high rate of reperfusion and a low rate of symptomatic intracranial haemorrhage at doses up to 125 µg/kg. In the subsequent DIAS-2 trial, the same benefit could not be shown. This could be explained by the inclusion of a substantial amount of patients with a mild stroke at baseline and small mismatch volumes associated with no vessel occlusion. Post hoc analyses of the DIAS-2 data and the pooled data of the DIAS, DEDAS and DIAS-2 data showed that patients who had a proximal cerebral vessel occlusion or high-grade stenosis on baseline angiography, had a positive response for desmoteplase.
In 2009, the DIAS-3 and DIAS-4 phase III trials started, each planning to enroll 400 patients worldwide who had had an acute ischaemic stroke. Participants are treated with desmoteplase as an intravenous bolus dose of 90 µg/kg within three to 9 hours after stroke symptom onset. Patients are selected with occlusion or high-grade stenosis (TIMI 0-1) in proximal cerebral arteries as assessed by magnetic resonance or computed tomography angiography. Wherever possible, additional perfusion-weighted imaging and diffusion-weighted imaging assessments will be done.
The outcomes of DIAS-3 and DIAS-4 studies will tell whether desmoteplase is a breakthrough treatment for acute ischaemic stroke.
Significance of the time window.
Current standards of treatment allow for IV rt-PA up to 4.5 hours in ischaemic stroke. After this time window, the benefit is typically thought to be outweighed by the risk of brain haemorrhage. Interarterial approaches are thought to be useful up to six hours. Nevertheless, CT-perfusion scans and MRI-perfusion versus MRI-diffusion demonstrate that even after six hours a significant ischaemic penumbra of brain tissue may be salvageable. Some approaches to this involves mechanical removal of clot (for example the Merci device, the penumbra device and removable stents like Solitaire). 
See :
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23626646
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22454778
If desmoteplase can extend the IV treatment window to 9 hours, this would allow a much larger percentage of ischaemic stroke patients to receive active thrombolytic treatment - including patients who were delayed in getting to the hospital and neurological assessment. This could make a substantial difference in stroke outcomes.
A 9 hour treatment window could also have a major impact on the treatment of "wake-up" strokes -
where a patient awoke with symptoms, and is not sure whether the stroke occurred within the
past 4.5 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2856923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856923" title="Croatian Prva HMNL">
Croatian Prva HMNL

The Prva Hrvatska Malonogometna Liga ("Croatian First League of Futsal") is the top futsal league in Croatia.
Twelve teams currently comprise the league. The Croatian First League winner is entered into the UEFA Futsal Cup. Clubs also compete in the Croatian Futsal Cup.
The league was formed in 1991 with the dissolution of the Yugoslav leagues. It is operated by the Croatian Football Federation.

</doc>
<doc id="2856934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856934" title="Buddha (manga)">
Buddha (manga)

"Buddha" received the 2004 and 2005 Eisner Award. As of early 2006, each volume had sold an average of 8,500 copies, with "Kapilavastu" having sold 20,000 copies. Due to differences between the ways in which Japanese and English are read, the American volumes published by Vertical Inc. are presented as mirror images of Tezuka's original work so they can be read from left to right, rather than from right to left. Nearly three decades after the manga was completed, an anime film adaptation was released in 2011. A second film was released in 2014.
Plot.
In ancient India, the lives of many people are plagued by drought, famine, constant warfare and injustices in the caste system. The intertwining lives of many unhappy souls are drawn together by the birth of the young prince Siddhartha, who embarks on a spiritual journey, and becomes Gautama Buddha, "the Enlightened One," and attempts to bring about a spiritual rebirth of the people in this desperate age.
Characters.
Siddhartha Gautama (Sakyamuni Buddha): The main character of the Buddha series and prince of the Shakya tribe. He is born midway into book 1, shortly after his birth his mother dies. The first book mentions omens that seemed to symbolize Siddhartha's future. In book 2, he is a child growing bored of the privileged life of a prince. He leaves the palace towards the end of the book to become a monk. In book 3, he is a struggling monk. In book 4, after many trials in the Forest of Uruvela, Buddha achieves enlightenment. He continues to teach his disciples and inspire others until his death in book 8.
Chapra: A fictional character from the lower Shudra caste who decides to make a better life for himself. After saving the life of a well-known Kosalan general, Chapra is adopted by him as his own son, under the belief that Chapra is a Kshatriya warrior orphan. After growing up, Chapra's true heritage is revealed when his mother shows up, resulting in conflict for Chapra. Chapra eventually decides to escape with her after the truth of his caste is revealed and the two are killed by Kosalan soldiers.
Princess Yashodara: A beautiful princess who loved Siddhartha and is also the latter's cousin. He married her against his will, and together they had a son named Rāhula. Siddhartha left on the day Rahula was born.
Bandaka: An arrogant archer who appears in book 1 and 2. He was in love with Yashodara and fought Buddha for her hand in marriage. After Buddha left to pursue enlightenment, Bandaka convinced Buddha's father to name him heir to the Shakyan but still failed to win Yashodara over. He then resigns himself to taking a plump noblewoman as his wife and is later killed while fighting the invading Kosalan army.
Prasennajit: The ruler of Kosala. He married a slave from Kapilavastu, tricked to think she was a Kshatriya, and takes over Kapilavastu when he finds out the truth. When he objects to his son Virudhaka releasing Kapilavatsu, Virudhaka imprisons his father, claiming he is mentally unfit to rule. In his cell, Prasentnajit gradually wanes physically and mentally until Buddha convinces his son to release him. He dies shortly afterward, reduced to a mere beggar.
Virudhaka: Prasentnajit's son. After learning of his mother's true caste, he ostracizes her to the slave quarters and later orders her to be killed with the other slaves when plague breaks out among them. For tricking his father, Virudhaka begins a gradual extermination of Buddha's tribe until Buddha shows him that all he's accomplished is to increase the suffering he already felt. He is sometimes called Prince Crystal due to the Lapis Lazuli set in his forehead.
Bimbisara: The king of Magadha, whom Asaji prophesies will be killed by his son. This torments Bimbisara all his life. Drugged by Devadatta, Bimbisara is overthrown by his son Ajasattu and locked in the same tower he jailed his son in for attempting to kill Buddha where he gradually starves to death.
Prince Ajasattu: Bimbisara's son, who is imprisoned in book 6 because he shot and almost killed Buddha with an arrow. He falls in love with a blue-eyed blonde slave named Yudelka, and vows revenge on his father when she is murdered. Ajasattu, with the help of Devadatta, overthrows his father. The guilt causes him to have a malignant tumor, which Buddha cures.
Tatta: A fictional thief of the 'Pariah', making his status even lower than that of the slave caste. As a child, Tatta is very close to nature and has the unique ability to possess animals, which the Brahmin Naradatta takes great advantage of. In volume 1, after befriending the slave Chapra, his mother and sister are murdered by the rampaging armies of Kosala. After Kosala's soldiers execute Chapra and 'Moms', Tatta vows revenge upon the kingdom of Kosala. As he grows up, Tatta becomes a bandit and reveals his plan of vengeance is to show the outside world to the sheltered child, Siddhartha, in hopes of persuading him to vanquish Kosala when he becomes king. In book 3, he agrees to stop being a bandit. In book 5, he becomes a lay disciple to Buddha, unwilling to become a monk because it would mean cutting his hair. Despite Buddha's attempts to convince him otherwise, Tatta is unable to forgive the Kosalans for killing those close to him and joins a renegade Shakyan army who sought revenge for the atrocities inflicted on them by Crystal Prince. He dies in the last book fighting the Kosalan army.
Migaila: A sexy bandit whom Buddha falls in love with in book 2. Her eyes are burnt out on order from Buddha's father for scheming to marry him which leaves her blind for the rest of the series however she is able to "see" the world mysteriously. She is Tatta's wife, and they have one son in book 4, a stillborn, and triplets, introduced in book 7.
Dhepa: A samanna (a non-Brahmin monk), whose philosophy is that humans were meant to suffer. He burns out one of his eyes to join Tatta and Migaila. Buddha befriends Dhepa in book 3, but the two part ways when Buddha decides against Dhepa's lifestyle. Despite ridiculing Buddha's teachings and even attempting to kill him at one point, Buddha saves Dhepa's life in book 5 whereupon Dhepa becomes his disciple.
Asaji: In volume 3, Siddhartha and Dhepa are sheltered by a huntsman and his family. In return, the huntsman asks the monks if his infant son, Asaji, can join them on their travels. Judging Asaji by his dimwitted look and runny nose, Dhepa and Siddhartha refuse, attempting to flee from Asaji by any means necessary. When Asaji catches a fever after pursuing the monks through the monsoon season, Siddhartha is determined to save him. Siddhartha cures Asaji by sucking the poisonous pus from his body. Meanwhile the unconscious Asaji encounters a god in a vision that tells him in ten years time he will be devoured by beasts in payment for his father's meaningless hunting. As time passes, when Siddhartha is separated from the other monks, Asaji successfully and precisely predicts natural disasters. His predictions are a gift from a god. Eventually, he is brought forth before King Bambisara and prophesies his fate and that of many other palace nobles. When Siddhartha undertakes the trials of the forest, he is astounded that Asaji is completely fearless of his gruesome destiny. When the moment of truth arrives, Asaji approaches a litter of starving wolf-cubs and sacrifices himself to the ferocious parents that tear him apart, much to Siddhartha's horror.
Devadatta: One of Buddha's first disciples. The son of Bandaka, Devadatta had a difficult childhood. He met Tatta when looking for a warrior, and through Tatta, Devadatta met the Buddha. He leaves the sect when he is not chosen to be Buddha's successor and attempts to form his own sect by stealing Buddha's followers. When that fails Devadatta plots to kill Buddha; first by dropping a boulder on him, then by having an elephant stampede him. When his initial attempts fail, Devadatta poisons his nails but accidentally injures himself with them when he trips. In his final moments, he reveals that he hated the Buddha because he wanted to be just like him but couldn't.
Ananda: Ananda is the half-brother of Devadetta as mentioned briefly in book 3. A former criminal who becomes one of Buddha's major disciples. The devil Mara protected him after Ananda's father offered him in exchange for sparing his life. Following his mother's murder, Ananda seeks revenge on all humanity until Buddha saved his life. Ananda then becomes Buddha's personal attendant and companion although visions of hell and death continue to haunt him.
Lata: A pretty former slave with whom Ananda falls in love. She has difficulty speaking. Lata cuts off her hair to achieve enlightenment. She dies after receiving a snake bite meant for Buddha in book 7.
Angulimala: A ruthless killer who works with Ananda and tries to kill Buddha. He is known to wear the fingers of his victims as a necklace around his neck. He ends up changing his ways thanks to Buddha's guidance.
Naradatta: A monk who is turned into an animal for forty years as punishment for killing several animals in order to save one human. He becomes a mentor for Devadatta. Naradatta dies in the last book, moments after he is forgiven for his murder and returned to his human state.
Yatala: A twenty foot giant. The son of a slave who studied herbs and plants, Yatala's father gave him a potion that would make him grow to be powerful and invincible. His parents were killed shortly after he received the potion which caused him to grow twenty feet high by adulthood. Yatala then killed the elephant that killed his parents and wandered off, killing livestock and terrorizing villages. Many tried to kill him unsuccessfully, including a person with a bazooka. Finally, Virudhaka, or Prince Crystal, tamed him by offering him a position within the Kosalan palace guard. However, Yatala was angered by how Virudhaka abused his mother simply because of her caste and escaped whereupon he met Buddha who helped him achieve enlightenment. He later went to work for the Kinga of Magadha before shaving his head and becoming Buddha's disciple.
Master Asita: Naradatta's master. He appears in the first book briefly and sends Naradatta to find a man with the power to save the world. He later goes to the baby prince Siddharta and gives him blessings from Brahma and Indra. He later curses Naradatta for killing several animals to save the life of one human. He was also shown to have siddhis
Brahman: Supreme universal Spirit. Appearing frequently to Buddha as a wizened old man, Brahman sets Siddhartha on the path to seeking a solution to suffering. After Buddha obtained enlightenment, Brahman bestowed him with the title of Buddha. After the Buddha died in book 8, Brahman personally escorted the Buddha to the afterlife where he promised to reveal what awaited those who pass into death.
Anime films.
In 2009, an animated feature-length film adaptation of "Buddha" was announced. The film is directed by Kozo Morishita, produced by Tezuka Productions, animated by Toei Animation and distributed by Toei Company and Warner Bros. Pictures. The film was released on May 28, 2011 during the celebrations of the 750th memorial of Shinran Shonin, founder of the Jōdo Shinshū sect. Influential metal band X Japan composed and recorded "Scarlet Love Song" specifically to be the theme song of the film.
A second film, , was released on February 8, 2014. A third film will also be produced.
Reception.
The manga won the award for Best U.S. Edition of Foreign Material at the 2004 and 2005 Eisner Awards and received a nomination in 2006. It also won the award for Best American Edition of Foreign Material at the 2004 and 2005 Harvey Awards.
The film was nominated for the 2012 Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="2856939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856939" title="Stage Dolls">
Stage Dolls

Stage Dolls is a Norwegian hard rock band based in Trondheim, Norway. In 1982, Erlend Antonsen and Terje Storli played at local clubs in and around Trondheim. In need of a guitarist they called on Torstein Flakne, who by then had finished playing in The Kids (a popular teeny-band in Norway 1980-82). Throughout the summer and fall of 1982 the newly formed band started rehearsing and playing shows in the region. The trio took the name Stage Dolls in January 1983. The first album, titled "Soldier's Gun", was released in the early winter of 1985 after a successful nationwide tour in Norway supporting the Norwegian band TNT.
Antonsen left the band in 1985 and was replaced by Steinar Krokstad; he in turn left in 1993 and was replaced by Morten Skogstad.
The recordings for their next album "Commandos" started in the fall 1985. It peaked at no.8 in the Norwegian charts (VG) and set the band up as one of the most popular rockbands in Norway in 1986. The album was released in the US by Big Time Records and the title track "Commandos" gained considerable airplay on college-radio.
The self-titled third album was recorded in the fall of 1987. It made it to the top of the charts in Norway, and in 1989 the band released the album on Chrysalis Records for the American market. The single "Love Cries" went to number 46 on the Billboard Singles Charts the same year. A second single for the song "Still in Love" was also released in America.

</doc>
<doc id="2856944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856944" title="Schleicher ASH 25">
Schleicher ASH 25

The ASH 25 is a two-seater high performance Open Class glider manufactured by Alexander Schleicher until September 2008, originally with a 25 metre wingspan. 
Design and development.
Designer Martin Heide (the 'H' in the type designation) combined the wing of the World Championship winning single-seater Schleicher ASW 22 with a fuselage derived from the Akaflieg Stuttgart FS-31 which had particularly low drag. The prototype was designated 'AS 22-2'. The span was increased in later versions to 25.6 or 26 metres with winglets. 
A 'turbo' version was also developed, the ASH 25E, followed by the self-launching ASH 25Mi with a large retractable propeller and a Wankel engine. It was superseded in production by the ASH 30. 
In 2010 an Australian ASH 25Mi was converted to be powered by two jet engines, under the power of which it is capable of launching.

</doc>
<doc id="2856953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856953" title="Cato Bontjes van Beek">
Cato Bontjes van Beek

Cato Bontjes van Beek (14 November 1920 – 5 August 1943) was a German member of the Resistance against the Nazi regime.
Early years.
Born in Bremen, Cato was the eldest of three children. She spent her childhood and youth in the nearby Fischerhude artists' colony around her uncle Otto Modersohn. Her parents, the Dutch-born potter Jan Bontjes van Beek (1899–1969) and dancer and painter Olga Bontjes van Beek, née Breling (1896–1995) offered their children no material wealth, but rather an abundance of artistic and mental stimulation, which had a decisive effect on the children. From 1929 Cato stayed abroad to attend the German school in Amsterdam, later also for eight months as an au pair in Winchcombe, Gloucestershire.
The family's political leanings were unequivocally anti-fascist. Cato did not join the League of German Girls ("Bund Deutscher Mädel", BDM) youth organisation. By her brother Tim, she met the "Luftwaffe" sergeant Helmut Schmidt, the later Chancellor of Germany, who from 1937 was stationed in Bremen-Vegesack for his military service and during this time had an intense friendship with the Bontjes van Beek family. However, Schmidt eventually broke off this friendship when he began an officers' training in order to join the "Oberkommando der Luftwaffe" in Berlin.
From 1940 on, Cato and her sister Mietje lived with their father in Berlin, where he had already moved in 1933 in the hopes of spreading his artistic work. They met friends at their father's house who opposed the Nazi regime. Cato also learned her father's craft, and caused her schoolteacher some problems by being outspoken, at a time when the Nazis had just come to power. "Children," he had intoned, even though he was not a Nazi Party member, "one cannot swim against the current." Cato retorted, "But we "can!""
Both sisters saw the wrong that the Nazis inflicted upon others, were affected by it, and tried to help. Beginning in 1941, this included giving humanitarian aid to French prisoners of war. Both Cato and Mietje would go to the Lehrter Bahnhof, the railway terminal where the prisoners were often to be found, to hand out cigarettes and matches, exchange letters, and give the prisoners gifts of soap and gloves.
Resistance activities.
Van Beek's active work against the Nazis began in the Red Orchestra resistance organization after she had gotten to know Libertas Schulze-Boysen in autumn 1941. After this group was broken up, she undertook further action together with her friend, the author Heinz Strelow. She printed and distributed illegal writings and leaflets which sought to arouse readers to the struggle and resistance against the Nazi regime. 
In the course of the suppression of the resistance group, van Beek was arrested by Gestapo agents on 20 September 1942 in her father's pottery shop in Berlin. On 18 January 1943, she was found guilty at the "Reichskriegsgericht" military court of "abetting a conspiracy to commit high treason" and sentenced to death. A clemency appeal of the 22-year-old was personally denied by Adolf Hitler, though the court itself had suggested a reprieve. She was guillotined on 5 August 1943 at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin, together with 19-year-old Liane Berkowitz, who had given birth to a daughter in April. Her body was released to the institute of anatomy of Hermann Stieve on the same evening. Her final resting place is unknown.
Cato's younger sister Mietje Bontjes van Beek managed to escape Nazi persecution, despite her activities, and lived in Fischerhude until her death in 2012. Cato's mother after a 12-year-long process finally reached the official reversal of her daughter's conviction.
Honours.
A "gymnasium" secondary school in Achim, a town near Bremen, has since 1991 borne the name "Cato Bontjes van Beek-Gymnasium". A street in nearby Fischerhude also bears her name, and an explanatory notice. Both these places are in the Verden district. Further streets and public squares are named after her in Bremen, Leipzig, and Meldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="2856954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856954" title="A Darkling Plain">
A Darkling Plain

A Darkling Plain is the fourth and final novel in the "Mortal Engines Quartet" series written by author Philip Reeve.
The novel won the 2006 Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the 2007 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Young Adult Fiction.
Setting.
The book is set six months after "Infernal Devices". Wren Natsworthy and her father Tom Natsworthy have taken to the skies in their airship, the "Jenny Haniver". After the apparent death of the Stalker Fang at the end of "Infernal Devices", General Naga has seized command of the Green Storm and has signed a peace treaty between the Green Storm and the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, ushering in a new era of peace and trade. Whilst Wren is enjoying life as an aviator, Tom misses Hester, and has been informed by a doctor that his weak heart means he only has a few years left to live. The Lost Boy, Fishcake, is secretly repairing the Stalker Fang, coming to regard her as the mother he never had. Theo Ngoni has returned to Zagwa and rejoined his family.
Explanation of the novel's title.
The title is derived from Matthew Arnold's poem Dover Beach. This excerpt of the poem appears at the beginning of the book:
This relates to the novel in several ways. The characters are indeed swept about, often against their will, by the "ignorant armies" of the Green Storm and Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, on the "darkling plain" of the Great Hunting Ground.
Reeve references his choice of title himself towards the end of the book when the character Nimrod Pennyroyal writes a book within a book titled "Ignorant Armies".
Plot summary.
Part One.
Theo Ngoni, having returned to his family in Zagwa, foils an attempt to assassinate Oenone Zero, who has married General Naga and has taken the title of Lady Naga. Oenone suspects that the assassination attempt was organized by factions in the Green Storm still loyal to the Stalker Fang. Theo is made commander of an airship that will secretly deliver Lady Naga back home to Batmunkh Gompa. While flying across the Sahara Desert, one of Oenone's servants reveals herself as Cynthia Twite, a secret agent for the Stalker Fang first encountered in "Infernal Devices". After murdering the pilot, Twite attempts to kill Lady Naga but is foiled by Theo. She escapes from the airship before a bomb she planted explodes. Theo and Oenone are assumed dead.
Meanwhile, Tom and Wren encounter a face from the past: Clytie Potts, a historian from London who Tom had assumed was killed when MEDUSA exploded. She goes by a different name and claims to have never met Tom, but he is unconvinced and follows her to the cities of the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft. Manchester has recently arrived and is encouraging the German cities to abandon the peace treaty and attack the Green Storm again. Here they also encounter Nimrod Pennyroyal, who assures them that nobody could have survived the destruction of London. A young German soldier named Wolf Kobold, however, claims to have seen Potts' airship flying east towards the ruins of London. He tells them of how he once crash-landed in London and witnessed strange activity. Wolf suspects there are survivors living in the ruins of London who are working on something secret. Tom and Wren agree to travel with him in his burrowing predator suburb Harrowbarrow to investigate.
Meanwhile, Hester Shaw and Shrike (called Grike in US editions), who finds himself unable to kill any humans due to memories unlocked by Oenone, have been travelling the Sahara for six months, where they have a chance encounter with Theo, who was taken captive by a desert town along with Oenone following the crash. Hester rescues Theo and they escape on board Hester and Shrike's sand-ship. Theo tells them that Oenone was purchased by a merchant called Napster Varley, and convinces the two to help him rescue her. They sell the sand-ship, buy an airship and travel north in search of Varley.
The Stalker Fang, who has been rebuilt by Fishcake, is demanding that he take back to Shan Guo so that she can activate ODIN. They steal a limpet from Brighton (which, after the events of "Infernal Devices", is now ruled by warring gangs of Lost Boys) and travel east, eventually arriving at the volcano of Zhan Shan in Central Asia. Throughout their journey, the Stalker faces an internal battle between its warlike side and the remnants of Anna Fang, resulting in a split personality. Fishcake comes to love Anna and hate the Stalker Fang. Eventually Anna gains the upper hand, to Fishcake's delight. After meeting with Anna's former companion Sathya in a hermitage on Zhan Shan, they travel to Batmunkh Gompa to try to find Dr. Popjoy, the Engineer who ressurected her, and force him to remove the Stalker Fang personality permanently.
Meanwhile, Twite has returned to Tienjing and informed General Naga of Oenone's supposed death. The general despairs and Twite becomes his servant so that she can infiltrate his government and then topple it from within.
Tom, Wren and Wolf travel across the Green Storm's front line in Harrowbarrow. They are shocked by his violence when smashing through the line, but still take him in the "Jenny Haniver" to the ruins of London. There they make a startling discovery - survivors are indeed living amongst the ruins, including two people Tom knew from his life on London: Clytie Potts and Chudleigh Pomeroy, who was formerly Thaddeus Valentine's deputy in the Historian's Guild and is now the new mayor of London. They are welcomed into the community, albeit suspiciously, but Wren thinks the Londoners are hiding something from them.
Fishcake and Anna arrive at Popjoy's villa, but after killing his guards Anna reverts to her Stalker self, and the plan backfires as she makes Popjoy try and remove the Anna parts of her instead. When he tells her he cannot, she kills him and steals his airship to travel east to activate ODIN, accompanied by a miserable Fishcake.
In the ruins of London, Wren and Wolf discover that the Londoners are concealing a new city called "New London", built to float above the ground using the Ancients' magnetic levitation technology. Wolf escapes from London with this knowledge, intending to return and devour the new city with Harrowbarrow.
Part Two.
Napster Varley arrives in Airhaven, which is floating above the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, and makes cautious attempts to sell Oenone. Hester, Theo and Shrike arrive shortly afterwards and attempt to buy her back, but they do not have enough money. Hester then finds Pennyroyal hiding in Airhaven, in disgrace and debt after a newspaper exposed him as a fraud. She takes what remains of his money and heads to Varley's ship to buy Oenone back. Pennyroyal realises what she is doing and rounds up a group of troops from Manchester to try to get there first.
Hester attempts to cheat Varley, but is discovered and has to fight her way out. Varley is killed by his wife and she escapes with Oenone when Pennyroyal and his troops challenge them. A fight ensues, and in the confusion Hester and her party manage to escape on their airship with Oenone. Pennyroyal falls from Airhaven and is assumed killed, but instead lands in the rigging of Hester's airship and is begrudgingly taken on as a passenger. The five of them make it across no-man's land to a Green Storm airbase, where they are hailed as heroes. The airbase is soon attacked by the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, however - at the urging of Manchester, the war has begun again. All of them manage to escape in an airship heading east except Theo, who turns back to recover a letter he had from Wren.
Meanwhile the Stalker Fang and Fishcake arrive in Erdene Tezh, her old home. She begins to assemble a powerful radio station to send a signal to ODIN.
Part Three.
Theo survives the attack on the airfield and, as the letter from Wren says she intended to explore the ruins of London, he treks east across the plains to find her. He is welcomed into the ruins by the community there and reunited with Wren, but brings bad news that the war has started again. The development of New London is pushed faster, the Londoners eager to escape before the cities of the west arrive.
The Stalker Fang has activated ODIN, however, and turns it on the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft. Manchester and many other cities are destroyed, and the surviving cities flee west.
In Tienjing, news of Oenone's survival reaches General Naga. He realises Cynthia Twite had deceived him and confronts her. She is about to kill him when ODIN fires upon the city. Twite is killed instantly but Naga survives. He takes the shattered remnants of his government and flees to Batmunkh Gompa.
News of ODIN's destruction reaches the ruins of London. They have no idea it has been turned on Green Storm cities as well, and assume it is a new weapon of Naga's. Tom decides to take the "Jenny Haniver" east to convince the General to not destroy New London, as it will not damage the earth as the other Traction Cities do. He sneaks away in the dead of night, leaving a letter for Wren, confident that Theo and Chudleigh Pomeroy will look after her.
In no-man's land, news comes to Harrowbarrow of the destruction of the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft. Wolf is determined to carry on to the ruins of London, and tells his second-in-command that after the Sixty Minute War, the creatures that survived best were cockroaches and rats. He believes that with the old cities gone, the time for creeping places like Harrowbarrow is at hand, and they continue east.
Part Four.
On the same night that Tom slipped away, Chudleigh Pomeroy died in his sleep. He is succeeded by Mr. Garamond, the paranoid head of security who is convinced that Tom has gone to tell the cities about New London and that Wren and Theo are traitors. He orders them locked up, but an engineer (the mother of Bevis Pod) believes he is wrong and frees them in the night. They sneak away west through the debris fields.
Tom arrives in Batmunkh Gompa and is taken prisoner by the Green Storm. General Naga speaks to him; although he disbelieves his story about New London, he is convinced that something is going on in London's ruins, and becomes suspicious.
Hester's party arrive in Batmunkh Gompa and discover that Tienjing has been destroyed. Shrike speculates that perhaps it is not the Green Storm that controls ODIN but instead a third party, the Stalker Fang. Hester also learns that Tom is being held captive in the city, and goes to see him.
Oenone meets General Naga but he no longer trusts her, still believing ODIN to be a weapon of the Traktionstadtsgesellschaf, and blaming her for the destruction of the city since she pushed for a peace treaty. He has her imprisoned and flies to the ruins of London with a fleet of airships.
Hester is awkwardly reunited with Tom. She frees him just as Pennyroyal comes back from the audience chamber with Naga; he tells them that Oenone has fallen from grace and that Naga intends to destroy London. Another blast from ODIN strikes just to the south, triggering the volcano of Zhan Shan. Shrike suggests they find ODIN's true ground station and destroy it before any more attacks occur.
Leaving the debris fields of London, Wren and Theo encounter Harrowbarrow approaching. Theo runs back to warn the Londoners while Wren stays and convinces Wolf to lead Harrowbarrow down Electric Lane, a clearing where anything metal is struck by residual energy left over from MEDUSA. The Green Storm's air fleet then arrive and the Londoners demonstrate New London's levitation to Naga. He decrees that it is not a city, just a "very large, low-flying airship", and decides to help defend New London against the approaching predator suburb.
Hester, Tom and Shrike fly towards Erdene Tezh, where ODIN's ground station is located. During the journey Hester confesses to Tom that she is Valentine's daughter, and he forgives her for betraying Anchorage. They fall in love again, but are interrupted by Shrike announcing that he has discovered a stowaway: Pennyroyal. As they decide what to do with him, the airship is attacked by Stalker-birds. Shrike defends the ship but falls from it, disappearing down into the mountains. The "Jenny Haniver" then crashes on the shores of the lake at Erdene Tezh, and the three escape as it burns to ashes. Hester ties up Pennyroyal and hides him as she and Tom approach the house where the ground station is. The Stalker Fang (whose personalities have fused back into one) confronts them. Fishcake, bitter about their betrayal in "Infernal Devices", demands that Fang kill them. Tom has a heart attack, however, and she takes them into her house as prisoners.
Meanwhile, Theo and Wren are engaged in a sword fight with Wolf on top of Harrowbarrow, as New London flees through the debris fields. Wren accidentally kills Wolf and they are rescued by General Naga, who takes them back to New London. Harrowbarrow continues to pursue the young city, and the General sacrifices himself by flying his airship into its mouth in a kamikaze attack, destroying both of them. New London escapes across the plains.
Shrike recovers from his fall into the mountains, and climbs out of a frozen lake, running towards Erdene Tezh. Fishcake discovers Pennyroyal in the bushes and frees him, telling him about the airship and how the keys are kept around the Stalker's neck. Pennyroyal, realising that he has no other way to escape, salvages an electricity gun from the wreck of the "Jenny Haniver" and creeps towards the house.
Inside Tom has recovered from his heart attack, and Fang tells the two of them about her plans. She intends to fire ODIN on volcanoes across the world, blotting out the sky with volcanic ash and wiping out the human race in the resulting volcanic winter. She believes it is the only way to make the world green again. Tom pleads with the Anna side of her to destroy ODIN, and after an internal struggle the Stalker sends a new set of orders up to the orbiting weapon. Pennyroyal bursts into the house and attacks Fang with the electricity gun shortly after. He manages to kill her, but also sets the house on fire. Tom has another heart attack, and lies helpless in Hester's arms. She drags him outside as Pennyroyal runs to get the airship and get Tom to a doctor. On board the airship, however, Fishcake puts a knife to Pennyroyal's throat and forces him to fly away, abandoning Tom and Hester the same way they abandoned him on Brighton. Hester sees him fly away, and understands. Tom dies in her arms, and Hester peacefully commits suicide to be with him in death. Above them, ODIN follows Anna Fang's last order and turns its weapon upon itself, raining debris down on the planet.
With the Green Storm's armies shattered and the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft smashed, Oenone is appointed the new leader of Shan Guo. New London prospers, and Wren and Theo become air-traders. Fishcake returns to the mountains to find Sathya; he grows old and has children, and finds in his later life that he regrets abandoning Tom and Hester, although he believes that they managed to find a way to escape. Pennyroyal, after spending time in debtor's prison, tries to publish a new book in which he confesses to all his lies and tells the truth about what happened at Erdene Tezh, but fails to find a publisher. He lives out the rest of his life with an old girlfriend in the Traction City of Peripetitiapolis.
Shrike arrives at Erdene Tezh too late and finds Tom and Hester's bodies. He briefly considers taking Hester to Oenone to have her turned into a Stalker, but realises that he wants to be with Tom in death and instead takes them up into the mountains where he lays them down together. He goes into hibernation and watches as they decompose and new plants and trees grow from their remains. After hundreds of years pass, he sees a girl putting a ring of flowers around his neck, and starts to slow his hibernation. When he finally reanimates he sees another girl, who thought he was just an old statue and put flowers around him for luck, as has been the tradition since her grandmother's time. He follows her down into a valley where her village rests in the ruins of an old city. He starts to decipher the language of the villagers, and discovers that traction cities are considered a fairytale. Cities no longer move, except in stories, but airships still exist, powered by magnetic levitation.
The villagers take him to the town hall and ask if he is one of the machine men out of stories they have heard. Shrike tells them he is a "Remembering Machine". He says that he remembers the age of the Traction Cities, London and Arkangel, Thaddeus Valentine and Anna Fang, and Hester and Tom. The villagers gather round and ask him to tell them. He begins to tell them his story, beginning with the first line of "Mortal Engines".

</doc>
<doc id="2856967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856967" title="80-Page Giant">
80-Page Giant

80-Page Giant was the name used for a series of comic books published by DC Comics beginning in 1964. The series was named for its unusually high page count. (The typical page count for American monthly comics at this time was 32 pages). The cover price was initially 25 cents, while other comics of the day were rarely above 12 cents. Many of these "Giant" issues contained reprinted material, often including material from the Golden Age era of comics. Each issue would focus upon a particular DC character or group, such as Superman, Batman, or Jimmy Olsen. The 80-Page Giant format and numbering would later be used for special extra-large, reprint-heavy issues of their regularly published titles.
In the late 1990s, DC Comics began publishing 80-Page Giant specials which were special publications relating to a series (including "Secret Origins", which had not been an ongoing title for years) and which were usually compilations. 
Around this time, DC was also publishing reprint themed 80-Page Giant annuals or 100 Page Spectaculars, some being reprint replica of past issues and some being newly published reprint collections under the question of "What if...?" an Annual was published back in the Silver Age era.
Number of pages.
Originally, the Giant issues were all labeled "80 Page Giant". When the number of pages was decreased (usually to 64 pages), the "80 Page" part of the title was dropped and the title changed to simply "Giant" or "DC Giant".
Types of Giant comics.
There were four types of "Giant" comics:
Issues G1 to G15.
These issues were published under the "80 Page Giant" title. They had "80 Page Giant G##" on the cover.
Issues G16 and up.
These were published under other series titles such as "Justice League of America #39". In other words, "80 Page Giant #16" is the same as "JLA 39". These had "80 Page Giant G##" or "DC Giant G##" or "Giant ##" on the cover (for example, "80 Page Giant G16").
The following is a complete list of the issues, ordered by date:
Annuals.
The following "Giant" issues were the forerunners of the 80 Page Giants ("80 Page Giant G01" was originally advertised in DC titles as "Superman Annual 09").
The new 80-Page Giant (1998–2003).
DC published a number of 80 Page Giant specials within various current series. These began numbering with #1 within each series.
The following is a partial list of issues, sorted by title:

</doc>
<doc id="2856978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856978" title="Where the Heart Is (1990 film)">
Where the Heart Is (1990 film)

Where the Heart Is is a 1990 American romantic comedy film directed by John Boorman, and starring Dabney Coleman and Uma Thurman.
Plot.
Stewart McBain (Coleman) is a successful self-made demolitions expert who blows up buildings for a living. In the midst of one such project, a group of protesters stops the last building on a lot, the Dutch House, from being demolished. When McBain appears on TV to dismiss the protests, he is made to look foolish. Returning home, his three college-aged children - Daphne (Thurman), Chloe (Amis), and Jimmy (Hewlett) - ridicule him for appearing on camera.
Feeling his children are spoiled and soft, McBain kicks them out of the house. Giving them each $750, he drops them off at the Dutch House to live. The house is dilapidated and on the verge of collapse. In order to finance their new lives, the children take on housemates. These include a fashion designer (Glover) named Lionel; a homeless magician, Shitty (Plummer); a stockbroker, Tom (Walsh); and Sheryl, an amateur occultist (Kelley). Chloe is commissioned to finish a calendar for an insurance company. Lionel has to complete his designs for a fashion show. Chloe uses her roommates in the calendar and Lionel ends up using some of them to model for his show.
The story is told against the backdrop of a stockmarket crash which brings McBain to ruin. He desperately attempts to stave off a hostile takeover of his demolition company and fails. He loses his home and becomes destitute. Ultimately, his children take him in and he starts to see the world in an entirely different light.

</doc>
<doc id="2856979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856979" title="Neil Williams (cricketer)">
Neil Williams (cricketer)

Neil Fitzgerald Williams (2 July 1962 – 27 March 2006) was an England cricketer, who played first-class cricket for both Middlesex and Essex. In a first-class career spanning over seventeen years, he took 675 wickets and scored 4,457 runs.
Life and career.
Williams was born in St Vincent. He also played first-class cricket for the Windward Islands cricket team and for the Tasmania cricket team.
Williams played in one Test match in 1990 when, on the day of the match, Chris Lewis was injured and he was hurriedly drafted in. He took 2 for 148, taking the wickets of Sachin Tendulkar and Mohammad Azharuddin, and made 38 useful runs as nightwatchman.
Williams died of pneumonia, in st.vincent, three weeks after suffering a stroke, on 27 March 2006. He was 43 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2856989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856989" title="Golden Triangle (Mississippi)">
Golden Triangle (Mississippi)

The Golden Triangle is a region of the U.S. state of Mississippi.
The "triangle" is formed by the cities of Columbus, Starkville, and West Point and their respective counties, accounting for a population of over 128,000 people. The term was created to encourage greater economic ties between the three cities and counties (Lowndes, Oktibbeha, and Clay).
The three cities share an airport (third largest in Mississippi), Golden Triangle Regional Airport.
From before statehood until 2012, Columbus was the largest city of the Mississippi Golden Triangle, but a collapse of manufacturing in Columbus in the 1990s and many factors including rapid growth associated with Mississippi State University has led Starkville to surpass Columbus in population. A recent industrial boom of manufacturing companies locating at the Golden Triangle Industrial Park in Lowndes County has led to a resurgence in the Columbus area. Columbus is also the home of Columbus Air Force Base and Mississippi University for Women.

</doc>
<doc id="2856993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2856993" title="CarMax">
CarMax

CarMax is the United States' largest used-car retailer and a Fortune 500 company. The first CarMax location opened in September 1993. As of January 2014, the company had 128 locations. Prior to the first store being built, DeVito/Verdi was hired as the advertising agency and creative resource. The company executed the campaign and additional TV advertisements over the course of a number of years in support of the launch and the initial wave of stores.
Concept.
The concept for CarMax was developed by Circuit City executives under then-CEO Richard L. Sharp. It was developed for nearly a year in 1991, using the code name "Project X", and was also known as "Honest Rick's Used Cars" to those intimately involved in the skunk works team. The concept was actually first proposed by a consultant hired by Circuit City to evaluate possible business opportunities beyond the scope of their consumer electronics locations. While used cars has always been the main business, CarMax purchased the rights to locations from car manufacturers such as Chrysler, Jeep, Mitsubishi, and Toyota. CarMax also purchased an auto row in Kenosha, Wisconsin that had additional manufacturer franchises, such as Ford, BMW, and Volvo. The first CarMax location opened in September 1993, from Circuit City's corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia. As of February 26, 2009, CarMax operated 100 used car superstores and seven new car franchises, all of which are integrated or co-located with its used car superstores.
The business model began with no fees, however the model was subsequently abandoned for the current business model after it was determined that customers were not concerned about paying transaction fees for the purchase of a vehicle.
A typical CarMax store is approximately , carries an inventory of 300–400 vehicles, and turns its inventory over eight to ten times a year. On average, a CarMax location employs 40 sales associates.
On average, a purchased vehicle has 12 hours of work done to it before being put up for sale. Each car goes through a thorough 125-point inspection process, beyond any state-required inspections, and includes a 30-day warranty and a five-day money back guarantee.
Circuit City issued the first CarMax stock in February 1997, when CarMax had seven locations. Initially, the stock was a tracking stock still under the umbrella of the Circuit City. CarMax officially split from Circuit City as of October 1, 2002, when it was spun off as a stock dividend for Circuit City shareholders, with shares also issued to those holding CarMax tracking stock.
During the 12-month period ending February 28, 2009, the company sold 345,465 used cars. CarMax trails Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based competitor AutoNation Inc. in total car retail sales, but CarMax holds a larger used-car operation. 
According to the CarMax fiscal year 2009 report released on April 2, 2009, the company opened 11 used car superstores, including superstores in 5 new markets.
Awards.
CarMax has been named "America's Most Admired Company in Automotive Retailing." It also was on Fortune's "100 Best Companies to Work For" list in 2005 (#87), 2006 (#93), 2007 (#88), 2008 (#46), 2009 (#31), 2010 (#56), 2011 (#81), 2012 (#91), 2013 (#74), and 2014 (#54). 

</doc>
<doc id="2857006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857006" title="Now TV">
Now TV

Now TV (stylised as now TV; ) is a pay-TV service provider in Hong Kong operated by PCCW Media Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of PCCW. It provides 197 TV channels including 176 channels branded under now TV (32 channels in HD) and 21 channels from TVB Network Vision (1 channel in HD), as well as over 30 video on demand categories. Launched on 26 September 2003, its TV signal is transmitted with IPTV technology through HKT's fixed broadband network.
Now TV is currently the largest pay-TV operator in Hong Kong in terms of number of subscribers, number of channels, number of HD channels and quantity of VOD contents. The word "Now" is abbreviated from "Network Of the World".
History and establishment.
Launched in March 1998, PCCW's services included a wide range of information and entertainment, such as news, video-on-demand (VOD), music videos, home-shopping, home-banking and educational content. iTV had some 67,000 subscribers at the end of 2000. 
Due to the liberalization of the pay-TV market by the HKSAR government in early July 2000, the then existing duopolists, iTV and i-Cable, were confronted with ferocious competition. With fewer subscribers and hence the decline in the revenue generated from iTV, the interactive television operation was terminated in the final quarter of 2002. Now Broadband pay-TV service was officially launched in September 2003 with 23 channels under the same umbrella company PCCW; iTV is thus commonly viewed as the predecessor of Now TV.
In December 2005, Now TV introduced a technology with connection speed up to 18 megabits per second (Mbit/s). At least 75% of the service area will be offered a service running up to 8Mbit/s. In addition, Video-On-Demand services were launched in January 2006.
Now TV subscribers currently have access to 136 channels.
Charging schemes.
Since each household has to install a special decoder to view the channels, there is an extra deposit and installation for the decoder. However, these charges are waived for Netvigator broadband subscribers. With the decoder, households are able to watch approximately 20 free channels.
For the subscription channels, "Now" uses the pricing model of pay-per-channel basis. There are bundle offers in existence, for given bouquet of channels, but these are less comprehensive than those offered by rivals. 
Now TV offers a business package (in which there are fewer channels for subscription than household customers) for businesses at a higher price than household subscribers.
With effect 1 September 2007, NOW TV no longer offers STAR Sports or ESPN as stand-alone packages, preferring instead to bundle them into a single multi-sport package. This has caused some distress amongst many viewers who view this move as a breach of their commitment contract's that stipulates that upon expiry of channel contracts, contracts are automatically renewed. 
The company, to date, has refused to comment on this issue.
Channel Highlights.
In the beginning, "Now TV" only operated 23 channels, most of which were in English. In response to competition, it has expanded its repertoire of new channels, adding programming such as the Disney Channel and ESPN. By June 2005, the number of channels grew to more than 70, with an increased number of Cantonese channels.
In 2006, Now TV outbid i-Cable for the rights to broadcast English Premier League football in Hong Kong, starting with the 2007-08 season.
Now TV currently has the most channels of any pay TV provider in Hong Kong. At present, it offers 21 free channels and 103 pay channels, including 15 audio channels. The total number of channels exceeds 130. 
"Now TV" catogorizes the 25 free channels ("denoted by asterisks"*), and the 105 pay channels into 9 groups, original channel by Now TV are in bold: 
On 10 May 2006, Now TV re-arranged the channel numbers into a category format, where the first digit of the three-digit channel numbers indicates the programme category.
Languages of channels provided.
The majority of its programming is in English, Cantonese or Putonghua, though some programming in Hindi ("Life OK"), and French ("TV5MONDE"), is available.
Business performance and development.
Now TV service was launched with 23 channels in September 2003 but was soon expanded to exceed 30 with the addition of sports-related channels and BBC World and the Animax channel, as well as the Cantonese-language Star Chinese Movies and Xing Kong channels. Within four months of launch, Now TV had attracted more than 200,000 customers by end-2003. 
Although Now TV mainly targets high-income viewers, its subscriber numbers have grown sharply. As well as home viewership, the service has been extended to hotel rooms, offices, sports bars and hotels. 
According to a report in Ming Pao Finance on 5 October 2005, the number of subscribers to Now TV exceeded 450,000. Per annual reports issued by PCCW, at the end of December 2005 the number of paying subscribers to Now TV stood at 549,000 (approximately 61% were paid subscribers, with 31% being free subscribers). These figures compare with totals of 361,000 at end-December 2004 and 269,000 at end-June 2004. Despite the growth in subscribers, Now TV was operating at a loss in 2005. By August 2006, Now TV had in excess of 654,000 subscribers.
Although NOW TV can claim consistent growth in subscriber numbers, quality of service remains 'average' at best. Many viewers report 'jerky' TV reception, slow refresh times when changing channels, and picture freezing extending over several minutes at multiple instances during single programming.
Strategy.
In early July 2000, the HKSAR government awarded five new pay-TV licences. The new entrants were all relatively seasoned broadcasting companies including Galaxy Satellite Broadcasting, Hong Kong DTV Company, a British broadcaster Elmsdsale, Hong Kong Network TV and Pacific Digital Media HK. The considerable opening of the market sparked intense competition for programming and viewer share, which can be seen by the extensive use of advertising.
To avoid direct competition with the two local digital terrestrial channels - Television Broadcasts Limited (TVB) and Asia Television Limited (ATV) - Now TV has sought to build up and secure its local pay-TV position by signing long-term contracts with a variety of channels from around the world.
Pricing.
i-Cable has been forced to adopt an alternative pricing model for its subscribers. It allows subscribers to pick and choose their own channels, similar to the pay-by-channel of "Now". Moreover, from Asia Media in October 2005, Now TV claimed that they will not follow i-Cable to minimize monthly charges since they have added new channels and improved the delivery standard, in order to maintain competitiveness. In December 2006, it announced it was instead planning on raising subscription rates after having secured exclusive rights in the ESPN, Premier League, and Euro 2008.
Awards.
At the 2004 Convention of CASBAA (Cable and Satellite Broadcasting Association of Asia), Now TV was awarded "The Chairman's Award". CASBAA, representing 120 corporations serving more than 3 billion viewers, acknowledged Now TV for its "innovative and proactive marketing of a secure and advanced pay-TV platform and for growing its interactive capability, resulting in a stellar subscriber take-up" on 31 October 2004.
Plans.
The company had planned to roll out high-definition television (HDTV), which offers up to four times the picture resolution of standard-definition television, in late-2007. But on 19 July 2007, it unveiled plans to begin HDTV broadcasts ahead of schedule. Included on the first slate of HDTV programming are 90 Premier League football matches. Subscribers will be required upgrade to a new set-top box with a one-off charge of HK$530, pay an additional HK$38/month for set-top box rental, and an additional HK$68/month over and above the existing charge for the "Mega Sports Pack". The new service will require a Netvigator broadband connection of at least 11Mbit/s.
They also plan 4 a Korean Television channel.
Related services.
now.com.hk internet content services was launched by PCCW in June 2000 for trial purposes. The website, "now.com.hk" is Hong Kong's premier broadband service, offering a spectrum of locally relevant content, including news, movies, music, online games, and more. Members can enjoy a large variety of media when accessing the service.
In general, PCCW aims at providing experience of broadband home entertainment, with now.com.hk for personal computer users and now TV for television viewers, in which the latter tailor-makes content for young people.
External links.
Source: Pinyin translated with CozyChinese.COM

</doc>
<doc id="2857010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857010" title="Nippleus Erectus">
Nippleus Erectus

Nippleus Erectus was a drummer of GWAR (played by former White Cross member Rob Mosby), who did all the drumming for Hell-O. He is also credited for the drums on Scumdogs of the Universe, though it was Jizmak Da Gusha who played them. When Jizmak signs the Scumdogs album, he is known to cross out the picture of Nippleus as well.
Fate In GWAR Lore.
Erectus was replaced by Da Gusha after the former dissolved in hydrochloric acid. He tried to bathe in it, thinking it would cause hallucinations similar to LSD.
GWAR lore alternately states that Erectus drank a gallon of bleach, believing it to be "Liquid Crack", thus causing himself to dissolve from within.

</doc>
<doc id="2857017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857017" title="Homer the Happy Ghost">
Homer the Happy Ghost

Homer the Happy Ghost is a fictional character published by Atlas Comics in the 1950s. Created in response to the popularity of Harvey Comics' Casper the Friendly Ghost, Homer first appeared in "Homer, The Happy Ghost" #1 (Mar. 1955); although strongly resembling Casper, he possesses freckles and a halo. All of Homer's stories were written by Stan Lee and drawn by Dan DeCarlo. The title lasted until 1958. In addition, the Atlas imprint Marvel Comics published two issues of the title "Adventures of Homer Ghost" from June–August 1957.
In 1969, Marvel revived the character and title for four issues, lasting until May 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="2857024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857024" title="Erasmo Escala">
Erasmo Escala

Erasmo Escala Arriagada (June 2, 1826 – March 3, 1884), Chilean soldier, served as commander-in-chief of the Army during part of the War of the Pacific.
He was born in Valparaíso, where he also completed his first studies. He joined the Military Academy in 1837. He participated in the battle of Yungay, during the war against the Peru-Bolivian Confederacy, and later in the Pacification of the Araucanía. During the battle of Loncomilla, in the 1851 revolution, he was injured and lost one of his arms.
General Escala was alreay a veteran when on July 18, 1879, during the War of the Pacific, was called by Domingo Santa María, principal minister of President Aníbal Pinto, to assume command of the army in replacement of General Justo Arteaga, who had just resigned due to political in-fighting. 
Santa Maria chose him because a popular soldier was wanted at the head of the army. More to the point, Santa Maria also wanted someone who would be malleable and pliant to his direction. Someone, in brief, that would not hinder his future presidential candidacy. But contrary to expectations, General Escala, due to his quick temperament, soon proceeded to get into a feud with the brothers Sotomayor: Rafael Sotomayor was Minister of War and Marine and organizer of the Army, and his brother, Colonel Emilio Sotomayor, was Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. 
The conflict intensified because General Escala did not approve of any "civilian" interference in what he saw as purely army matters. He also wanted to reorganize the army along the lines of the one used on the Arauco conflict. The minister, on the other hand, wanted to structure it in divisions and brigades. In spite of the political collisions, during his command the Chilean forces defeated the Peruvians at Pisagua, Dolores and Los Angeles.
Finally the conflict with the minister of war was resolved by the resignation of General Escala on March 28, 1880. In his letter of resignation, he mentioned "...the criminal insults inflicted by Mr. Rafael Sotomayor to his rights and his dignity". General Escala's resignation left the army in a very vulnerable situation. The soldiers' morale was at a low ebb, being engaged in disputes, gossip and internal rivalries. To solve the problem, the minister Rafael Sotomayor appointed General Manuel Baquedano as commander-in-chief, saying "...where Baquedano goes, gossip does not follow".
General Escala returned to Chile, where he died in Santiago, in 1884, in relative obscurity.

</doc>
<doc id="2857028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857028" title="Michael North (professor)">
Michael North (professor)

Michael North is an American literary critic and a professor in the department of English at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Background.
North received a B.A. from Stanford University in 1973 and Ph.D. from the University of Connecticut in 1980. North taught at the College of William and Mary before joining the University of California, Los Angeles in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2857038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857038" title="Tōseiha">
Tōseiha

Led by Major General Tetsuzan Nagata, along with Hideki Tōjō, the "Tōseiha" was a grouping of officers united primarily by their opposition to the "Kōdōha" faction led by General Sadao Araki and Jinzaburō Masaki. The name "Tōseiha" was actually a pejorative coined by (and only used by) "Kōdōha" members and sympathizers.
The "Tōseiha" attempted to represent the more politically conservative (moderate) elements within the army, as opposed to the radical and ultranationalist "Kōdōha". The "Tōseiha" was a non-regional coalition, as opposed to Araki's reintroduction of regional politics into army promotions and policy decisions. Many members were promising graduates of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy and Army Staff College, and were concerned about Araki's emphasis of the spiritual élan of the army over modernization and mechanization. Whereas the "Kōdōha" was strongly supportive of the "hokushin-ron" strategy of a preemptive strike against the Soviet Union, the "Tōseiha" favored a more cautious defense expansion.
Fundamental to both factions, however, was the common belief that national defense must be strengthened through a reform of national politics. Both factions adopted some ideas from totalitarian and fascist political philosophies, and espoused a strong skepticism for political party politics and representative democracy. However, rather than the confrontational approach of the "Kōdōha", which wanted to bring about a revolution (the Showa Restoration), the "Tōseiha" foresaw that a future war would be a total war, and would require the cooperation of the bureaucracy and the zaibatsu to maximize Japan's industrial and military capacity.
After the Manchurian Incident, the two cliques struggled against each other for dominance over the military. After Araki's resignation in 1934 and the failure of the February 26 Incident in 1936, with its subsequent purge of the "Kōdōha" leadership from the military, the "Tōseiha" lost most of its raison-d'etre. Under Hideki Tōjō and Muto Akira, the two factions merged into the Imperial Way Faction nationalist party.

</doc>
<doc id="2857048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857048" title="Niketa Calame">
Niketa Calame

Niketa Calame (born on November 10, 1980) is an American actress best known as the voice of young Nala in Disney's animated film "The Lion King" (1994). She also appeared in 1993's "CB4".
Calame was born in Los Angeles, her father was an immigrant from Jamaica. She has a bachelors degree from the University of California, Santa Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="2857056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857056" title="Kanyama Chiume">
Kanyama Chiume

Kanyama Chiume (22 November 1929 – 21 November 2007) was born Murray William Kanyama Chiume, in Nkhata Bay District, Nyasaland, where he became a leading nationalist in the struggle for Malawi’s independence in the 1950s and 1960s. He was also one of the leaders of the Nyasaland African Congress and served as the Minister of Education and the Minister for Foreign Affairs in the 1960s before fleeing the country after the 1964 Cabinet Crisis.
Early life and education.
Chiume described his given name, Kanyama, as meaning “another piece of meat for you,” a wry joke by parents who had grown wearily accustomed to death in their family. Chiume’s younger brother died at two months, and Chiume’s own mother died the following day, aged 37. After the funeral, Chiume went with his uncle to his native Tanganyika (now Tanzania). He attended schools in Dar es Salaam in the mid-1940s, at a time when this coastal city was a hotbed of African nationalist political activity. In his last year at Tabora Upper School he became Secretary of the Debating Society, polishing rhetorical skills which would later be much admired when he entered politics in Nyasaland (now Malawi). At Tabora Upper School he reportedly invited an alumnus, Julius Nyerere, to join him in debating against white colonial teachers and administrators on political subjects. According to Chiume in his autobiography (the strict veracity of which has sometimes been questioned), they were so successful in this debate that the school threatened him with expulsion. Nyerere later became the first leader of independent Tanzania.
In 1949, Chiume went to Makerere College in Kampala, Uganda, the premier university in East Africa, and in 1951 he was admitted into Makerere College’s Medicine School. He later changed his major to Education, after discovering that he “could not stand human dissection”, specializing in Physics, Chemistry and Biology. Among his contemporaries at Makerere were people who would in later life become some of Africa’s most accomplished scholars and public officials, including B. Ogot, Kenya’s celebrated historian and Chancellor of Moi University in Eldoret, and the current Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki. He was president of the Makerere College Political Society, while Mwai Kibaki was a committee member. Later he was joined at Makerere by other Nyasas, Vincent Gondwe, David Rubadiri (former Vice Chancellor of the University of Malawi), and Augustine Bwanausi (former Malawi cabinet minister). Chiume was also chairperson of the Makerere College Education Society. Chiume and other students formed a Nyasaland Students Association at Makerere, an association that helped the Nyasaland African Congress by doing research, and by also linking up with fellow Nyasas at Fort Hare College, where Henry Masauko Chipembere, a lifelong friend and political colleague of Chiume’s, went for his own university education. Another future leader of Nyasa nationalism, Dunduzu Chisiza, was also active in the Nyasaland Students Association at this time.
After graduating from college Chiume taught at Alliance Secondary School in Dodoma, Tanganyika. He resigned after the white headmaster insinuated that the presence of a pre-adolescent girl in Chiume’s house might create immoral temptations. Chiume was extremely offended by the remark, which further gave him resolve to fight for the dignity of Africans. “I had made up my mind there and then to plunge myself into politics and to help remove the obstacles that lay before Africans who wished to have human dignity. I was determined to try and play my part, however small, to free Mother Africa” (from his autobiography). He then went to study law, on a scholarship, at Ramjas College in Delhi, India. Upon being approached by the Nyasaland African Congress to stand in the country’s first general election in 1956, Chiume accepted, and decided not to further pursue his interest in law.
Malawi Independence.
In 1955, Nyasaland adopted a new constitution designed to give more representation to Africans, and in the elections which followed Chiume, along with Henry Chipembere, became one of five African representatives in the Legislative Council. He and Chipembere electrified the native population with their vigorous speeches and combative questions in the legislature, which had until then been a somewhat sedate body. As a result, Hansard, the official record of the Council's proceedings, became a bestseller among Nyasa Africans.
Along with Chipembere and the Chisiza brothers (Dunduzu and Yatuta), Chiume became a driving force in organizing popular support in the mid to late 1950s for Hastings Banda and in persuading Banda to return to Nyasaland in order to lead the country to independence. He was given a senior post in the Congress at the Nkhata Bay conference in August 1958 when it adopted Dr Banda as its unquestioned leader.
In March 1959, Chiume avoided arrest while he was in London during "Operation Sunrise" when the local colonial government rounded up and interned members of the Nyasaland African Congress during the state of emergency. In July 1960 he joined Banda, Orton Chirwa, Aleke Banda and other prominent Africans at the Nyasaland Constitutional Conference in London. It was here that British Government decided that Nyasaland (Malawi) should become self-governing by early 1963, and that Banda, should become prime minister. Chiume was made Minister of Education in 1962 and went on to become Foreign Minister in the first government formed after Malawi's official independence in July 1964.
Tanzania exile.
Chiume was a key leader in the 1964 Malawi Cabinet Crisis. He was labeled the leader of the crisis and an enemy of Banda after displeasing Banda with a speech in Cairo during a conference for the Organisation of African Unity. He was subsequently driven out of the (now renamed) Malawi Congress Party and exiled to Tanzania from 1964 to 1994.
While in exile, Chiume became active with Tanzania's "The Nationalist," "Daily News and Sunday News," and "Uhuru" newspapers. He also became and author and publisher of numerous books. He returned to Malawi in 1994 after internal and international pressure on Dr. Banda. After his return Chiume briefly served as Chairman of Malawi National Library Service and the Malawi Book Service. He retired from active politics and eventually moved to New York to live with family before his death on November 21, 2007.
Death.
Kanyama Chiume retired from active politics and eventually moved to New York to live with his family until his death on November 21, 2007. He died after complaining of depression.
The remains of the veteran politician arrived back in Lilongwe, Malawi on November 29, 2007.
President of Malawi, Dr. Bingu wa Mutharika was there to welcome the one time leading nationalist and former senior member of the Nyasaland African Congress (NAC). Full military honours were awarded to Chiume.

</doc>
<doc id="2857059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857059" title="Kenneth Cope (musician)">
Kenneth Cope (musician)

Kenneth Cope (b. June 12, 1961, Salt Lake City, Utah) is a composer and performer of religious music geared towards Latter-day Saints. His first album, "Heaven — Don't Miss It For The World", was released in February 1988. His twelfth album, "All About You", was released in March 2008.
Cope lived in Houston, Texas during his high school years and attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts. He has been closely associated with the music of Especially for Youth (EFY), with seven EFY albums having songs he composed. He also has served as an LDS missionary in Switzerland and France from 1980–82. He currently resides in Salt Lake City, Utah and has served as an LDS Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="2857066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857066" title="Għallis Tower">
Għallis Tower

Għallis Tower is a small coastal fortification that the Knights of Malta built on the island of Malta. It was originally primarily a watchtower with a garrison consisting of a bombardier and three gunners, who manned a three-pounder iron cannon.
Construction took place during 1658 and 1659. The tower formed part of the chain of thirteen de Redin towers constructed during the reign of Grand Master Martin de Redin to allow communication from Gozo to the Knights' base at Grand Harbour. It stands above the shore just east of Ras il-Ghallis (Ghallis Point). Together with Qawra Tower, one of the Lascaris towers, it commands Salina Bay. 
The tower has been recently renovated and is now under the control of Din L-Art Helwa.

</doc>
<doc id="2857067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857067" title="Penn State Erie, The Behrend College">
Penn State Erie, The Behrend College

Penn State Erie, The Behrend College is a state-related public university institution and a Commonwealth campus of Pennsylvania State University located in Erie, Pennsylvania. The college in recent years has added a number of facilities, including an athletics and recreation center (The Junker Center), chapel and carillon (Smith Chapel), astronomy observatory, large residence halls (Senat Hall), Knowledge Park at Penn State Erie, and a baseball and softball complex. The $30 million, Jack Burke Research and Economic Development Center that houses the School of Engineering and the Sam and Irene Black School of Business opened in 2006. It features teaching and research labs, including the largest academic plastics lab in the United States. In 2010, the $4 million Robert and Sally Metzgar Admissions and Alumni Center opened.
History.
In 1948, Mary Behrend, the widow of Hammermill Paper co-founder Otto Behrend, donated her 400-acre estate to Penn State for a freshman center. In 1953, it began offering two-year associate programs in engineering—the first degree programs of any sort that could be completed at a Penn State campus other than the main campus in State College. In 1959, Penn State founded the Commonwealth Campus system, and the Behrend Center became the Behrend Campus. In 1971, it became the first Commonwealth campus to offer four-year degrees. Two years later, it became an autonomous four-year institution, with its own dean (now titled as chancellor).
Academics.
Students can complete 34 bachelor's degrees and 26 minors, three pre-professional programs, two master's degrees, six associate degrees, and a number of continuing education programs at Penn State Behrend. It also offers the first two years of more than 160 Penn State bachelor's degrees.
Bachelor's degrees.
Accounting, B.S.; Biology, B.S.; Business Economics, B.S.; Business, Liberal Arts, and Science, B.S.; Chemistry, B.S.; Communication, B.A.; Computer Engineering, B.S.; Computer Science, B.S.; Creative Writing, B.F.A; Economics, B.A.; Electrical Engineering, B.S.; Electrical and Computer Engineering Technology, B.S.; English, B.A.; Finance, B.S.; General Arts and Sciences, B.A.; History, B.A.; Interdisciplinary Business with Engineering Studies, B.S.; International Business, B.S.; Management, B.S.; Management Information Systems, B.S.; Marketing, B.S.; Mathematics, B.S.; Mechanical Engineering, B.S.; Mechanical Engineering Technology, B.S.; Nursing, R.N. to B.S.N.; Physics, B.S.; Plastics Engineering Technology, B.S.; Political Science, B.A.; Psychology, B.A., B.S.; Science, B.A.; Science, B.S.; Secondary Education Mathematics, B.S.; Software Engineering, B.S.
Associate Degrees.
Electrical Engineering Technology, A.ENGT.; General Business, A.S.; Letters, Arts, and Sciences, A.A.; Mechanical Engineering Technology, A.ENGT.; Nursing, A.S.; Plastics Engineering Technology, A.ENGT.
Minors.
Accounting; Biology; Chemistry; Communication; Computer Engineering; Computer Science; Economics; English; Finance; History; International Studies; Management; Management Information Systems; Marketing; Mathematics; Operations and Supply Chain Management; Physics; Political Science; Psychology; Statistics; Technical Sales; Women's Studies
Pre-Professional Programs.
Allied Health; Law; Medicine
Master's Degrees.
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A.); Master of Project Management (M.P.M.)
Student life.
Student organizations.
Some of the larger organizations at Penn State Behrend include the Lion Entertainment Board (LEB), the Student Government Association(SGA), the Interfraternity Council (IFC), the Multi-Cultural Council (MCC), and the school newspaper, the Behrend Beacon.
The Lion Entertainment Board is responsible for bringing entertainment to Behrend's student population. There are weekly bands, comedians (some have included Mitch Fatel, Lewis Black, Jim Gaffigan), and other shows. In the past, bands brought to Behrend have included the Goo Goo Dolls (1998, 2010), Shaggy, The Clarks, Third Eye Blind (2008) and recently, The All-American Rejects and Shiny Toy Guns (2009).
The Student Government Association (SGA) of Penn State Behrend is the governing body of the student population and of all student organizations on-campus. It is open to all students; elections are run twice a year - once in the fifth week of Fall semester, and again towards the last half of Spring semester. Students who are interested in politics, or want to represent their fellow students, normally run for Senator or as a Council Representative first, then later may run for an executive board seat (President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary).
The Multi-Cultural Council(MCC) organizes many groups to promote a multi-cultural environment, unity, and cooperation between groups at Behrend. The MCC is prominently located as a student organization in the Reed Union Building, and coordinates celebration of many different events, such as Martin Luther King Week, Hispanic and Black History Month, and many more.
Student Media.
The Behrend Beacon
Every week, "The Behrend Beacon" publishes stories regarding news events at Behrend, arts events both at the college and in Erie, and sports coverage on Behrend's athletes. It also provides an "Opinion" page for students to publish their own perspectives on political or local events. The "Opinion" page provides a student forum for ideas and debate, and has seen increased use in the last year due to controversial events at the college as well as the presidential election. The paper also runs investigative articles written by Behrend journalists regarding current events or processes at the college.
Students from any and all majors, including mechanical engineering, chemistry, and meteorology, work on the paper. Usually, those interested in a Communication degree, focusing on journalism, will work for the newspaper in an effort to decide whether they want to pursue journalism as a career. Students normally start out as a staff writer, where they will get the opportunity to write news, sports or arts stories for the paper. Editor positions, which are paid positions, deal more with layout of the newspaper and organizing content for a specific section.
BVZ Radio
The campus is also home to BVZ Radio - The Voice Of Behrend, an Online streaming radio station. www.behrendbvz.org 
The station officially launched on 11/11/11 and is managed by a student management team under the supervision of Kim Young a professor in Journalism.
BVZ offers a wide variety of music formats including classic rock, pop, hip-hop, classical, dance and country.
All show programming is produced by students, Because BVZ is open format many topics will be discussed on each show including Celebrities, Sex, Music, Theater, Events, News and much more! BVZ is often hosts live events on The Behrend Campus and in The Erie Area.
Greek Organizations.
Behrend has a Greek life system. There are four campus recognized social fraternities: Delta Chi, Kappa Delta Rho, Sigma Tau Gamma, and Triangle Fraternity. Triangle Fraternity has recently been colonized at Behrend, where they plan to colonize by spring 2012. There are three campus recognized social sororities: Alpha Sigma Alpha, Alpha Sigma Tau and Theta Phi Alpha. There is one campus recognized professional fraternity: Delta Sigma Pi. There is also Gamma Sigma Sigma, a national service sorority that is also recognized on campus.
On-Campus living.
Most Behrend freshman live in Lawrence, Niagara or Perry Halls. Some students live in the newest, centrally located residential hall, Senat Hall, which is reserved for freshman who join a Freshman Interest Group. Senat Hall is often considered the best freshman housing on campus. Honors students live in Almy Hall. Sophomores, juniors and seniors often opt to live in 8 person/4 bedroom suites in Tiffany, Tigress and Porcupine Halls. Ohio Hall contains smaller 4 person/2 bedroom suite-style options. On-campus apartments are also available at the Behrend Apartments, located in the upper section of the main campus area. University Gate Apartments, or U-Gates, is another desirable housing option for students. U-Gates is located off-campus but is within walking distance. Hudson Student Housing apartments will be another housing option for students come spring semester 2014. Students must be at least a third semester standing to live in Hudson.
Residential facilities have been recently renovated and all rooms have relatively new furniture in good condition with wall-to-wall carpeting and a microfridge (microwave/refrigerator) in all of the dorm rooms.
Off-Campus living.
Many students find housing off-campus in the city of Erie or in other housing options within a few miles of the campus.
Others rent apartments from The Apartment Store University Gate Apartments directly across the street from the main entrance to the college. University Gate community center includes Hungry Howie's pizza shop, workout room, lounge area, and new office and laundry facilities.
The newest addition of off-campus housing is the Hudson Lofts Apartments. Located on station road, they are just a quick walk from campus. There is also a university bus loop that will provide transportation to and from the apartment complex. Apartment amenities include high speed internet, cable, in-unit washer/dryer, stainless steel kitchen appliances, private bathrooms, and modern furniture. The apartment community also boasts a coffee bar, fitness room, key swipe access, wifi throughout the building, and all utilities are included. With three different floor plan options and 10 or 12 month lease options, the Lofts offer something for everyone.
On-Campus Dining.
There are four on-campus dining facilities: the newly renovated Dobbins Dining Hall, Bruno's Café in the Reed Union Building, the recently added on to Bruno's "The Galley" where students can buy small food items and other nessesities, and the Clark Cafe in the REDC. Dobbins is the campus's main dining hall consisting of all you can eat breakfast, lunch and dinner as well as daily specials. Bruno's is an on-campus cafe where students can get all types of food and drinks for dine-in or to-go. It is located in the Reed Union Building and has wireless internet access for students. It tends to be open longer and later than Dobbins: till about 11 PM on weekdays and midnight on weekends. There is often live entertainment on weekends at Bruno’s Café. The Clark Cafe offers a variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads, and drinks, and it provides students with wireless internet access.
Class size.
The student:teacher ratio is 16:1 at Penn State Behrend. During the first two semesters, many students may find themselves in bigger classes for some popular intro courses but classes decrease in size in their sophomore year.
Athletics.
Known as the Behrend Lions, Penn State Behrend men and women can compete in 11 varsity sports [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/varsitysports.htm . Penn State Behrend is a member of the NCAA Division III, Allegheny Mountain Collegiate Conference (AMCC) and Eastern College Athletic Conference (ECAC).
Men's Varsity Sports.
For information on each varsity sport, including schedules, history, and other information, click the link after each sport.
- Baseball [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/baseball/index.htm]
- Basketball [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/mbball/index.htm]
- Cross Country [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/crosscountry/index.htm]
- Golf [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/golf/index.htm]
- Indoor Track [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/trackandfield/index.htm] 
- Soccer [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/msoccer/index.htm] 
- Swimming [http://www.psblions.com/sports/mswimdive/index] 
- Tennis [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/tennis/index.htm] 
- Track & Field [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/trackandfield/index.htm] 
- Water Polo [http://www.psblions.com/sports/mwaterpolo/index]
- Volleyball (Starting in Fall 2010) [http://www.psblions.com/landing/index]
Women's Varsity Sports.
For information on each varsity sport, including schedules, history, and other information, click the link after each sport.
- Softball [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/softball/index.htm] 
- Basketball [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/wbball/index.htm] 
- Cross Country [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/crosscountry/index.htm]
- Golf [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/golf/index.htm]
- Indoor Track [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/trackandfield/index.htm] 
- Soccer [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/msoccer/index.htm] 
- Swimming [http://www.psblions.com/sports/wswimdive/index] 
- Tennis [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/tennis/index.htm] 
- Track & Field [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/trackandfield/index.htm] 
- Water Polo [http://www.psblions.com/sports/wwaterpolo/index] 
- Volleyball [http://www.behrend.psu.edu/athletics/volleyball/index.htm]
Intercollegiate Club sports.
Penn State Behrend also has 4 intercollegiate club teams participating in ice hockey, rugby, and men's/women's lacrosse. The ice hockey team plays in the College Hockey East league and is a member of the ACHA.
Changing Assignment to University Park.
The vast majority of students at Penn State Behrend stay at the college and do not change assignment to another Penn State campus. However, 20% of incoming freshmen eventually change assignment to University Park at the end of their second year in order to complete a program that Penn State Behrend does not offer. In order to change assignment, a person must 1) declare a major by the end of their sophomore year 2) satisfy a few required classes for that major and 3) maintain a sufficient GPA. In most popular majors, about 5-9 "specific" courses need to be completed (usually a few introductory courses relevant to the major) and roughly a 3.0 GPA needs to be maintained. It is recommended that the student know what their major will be, what classes (if any) are required before changing assignment for their major and if they meet minimum GPA requirements by about third semester or earlier. This is beneficial because if a student is missing any courses or needs to boost their GPA, they can do so in their fourth semester and change assignment to the University Park campus easily and successfully.
Students who declare certain majors (architecture, agricultural business) can change assignment to University Park after their freshman year (instead of after their sophomore year which is more common) because the majors aren't offered at Behrend at all, or as in-depth as it is offered in University Park.
It should be noted that while many majors are offered in University Park and not Behrend, six majors are offered only at Behrend and not University Park: International Business (offered only as a minor at UP), Interdisciplinary Business with Engineering Studies, Plastics Engineering Technology, Software Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering Technology, and a BFA in Creative Writing. This is a major contributing reason why some students do not change campuses.
Knowledge Park.
Knowledge Park is a research and development area located on the campus of Penn State Behrend in a park-like setting. The park enables knowledge-based organizations to take advantage of the college's intellectual and physical resources as well as the resources of other colleges and universities in the region.
See also.
"Lake Effect"

</doc>
<doc id="2857072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857072" title="Triangulated irregular network">
Triangulated irregular network

A triangulated irregular network (TIN) is a digital data structure used in a geographic information system (GIS) for the representation of a surface. A TIN is a vector-based representation of the physical land surface or sea bottom, made up of irregularly distributed nodes and lines with three-dimensional coordinates ("x", "y", and "z") that are arranged in a network of nonoverlapping triangles. TINs are often derived from the elevation data of a rasterized digital elevation model (DEM). An advantage of using a TIN over a raster DEM in mapping and analysis is that the points of a TIN are distributed variably based on an algorithm that determines which points are most necessary to an accurate representation of the terrain. Data input is therefore flexible and fewer points need to be stored than in a raster DEM, with regularly distributed points. A TIN may be less suited than a raster DEM for certain kinds of GIS applications, such as analysis of a surface's slope and aspect. TINs were first invented by Phil Mellor whilst studying Sociology at University of Edinburgh in 1947.
A TIN comprises a triangular network of vertices, known as mass points, with associated coordinates in three dimensions connected by edges to form a triangular tessellation. Three-dimensional visualizations are readily created by rendering of the triangular facets. In regions where there is little variation in surface height, the points may be widely spaced whereas in areas of more intense variation in height the point density is increased. 
A TIN is typically based on a Delaunay triangulation, but its utility will be limited by the selection of input data points: well-chosen points will be located so as to capture significant changes in surface form, such as topographical summits, breaks of slope, ridges, valley floors, pits, and cols.
Although usually associated with three-dimensional data ("x", "y", and "z") and topography, TINs are also useful for the description and analysis of general horizontal ("x" and "y") distributions and relationships.
The first triangulated irregular network program for GIS was written by W. Randolph Franklin, under the direction of David Douglas and Thomas Peucker (Poiker), at Simon Fraser University in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="2857073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857073" title="Twitches (film)">
Twitches (film)

Twitches is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie, is based on the popular "Twitches" book series published by Scholastic Press. Produced by Broomsticks Productions Limited, the film stars Tia Mowry and Tamera Mowry as Alexandra Fielding and Camryn Barnes, respectively. On its premiere night, "Twitches" scored over 7 million viewers – the best Disney Channel Original Movie ratings at that time. The movie drew 21.5 million viewers in four airings on its first weekend and was the week's most popular cable program. A sequel, "Twitches Too", aired on October 12, 2007, as a part of Disney Channel's Hauntober Fest.
Plot.
Magical twin sisters are separated at birth by their protectors, Karsh and Ileana, when the Darkness attacks their homeland of Coventry and kills the twins' father through a war that is going on. They survived because their father, Aron, gave all of his magic to the twins and whenever they are together they are safe; their combined power is enough to fend off the Darkness. For their protection, Karsh and Ileana flee Coventry and hide the twins safely in a non-magical dimension (Earth). Camryn (Apolla) grows up in an upper-class family and becomes a social butterfly. She wears a sun amulet, and always awakes with the sunrise. She likes to draw, and unknowingly draws extremely realistic pictures of Coventry and her birth mother, Miranda. Alex (Artemis), is a lone wolf who grew up in a middle-class home with a single mother (who died recently). She wears a moon amulet and is always up until the moon sets. She is a bookworm and is always writing stories about Coventry and their mother, unaware they are true.
On her 21st birthday, Halloween, Camryn and her friend, Beth, go shopping, while Alex goes looking for a job. At a fashion store, the two sisters meet for the first time. Alex goes running from the store, and Camryn goes after her. When she takes her hand in hers, their magic is released. They bond as sisters, trying to understand what's happened to them, and get to know about each other's lifestyles. This is when they meet Karsh and Ileana, who tell the story of Coventry, which Alex has been writing in her journal, thinking it was only a story she created. Alex doesn't want to take any part in restoring Coventry's light, and leaves with Camryn. Camryn manages to convince Alex to stay and the two bond and manage to cast a few spells (most which cause something bad to happen to Karsh). They come up with the name Twitches, a fusion of the words twin and witches.
While at Alex's apartment, the Darkness arrives suddenly and chases them throughout the home. The sisters use their magic and barely escape. Camryn is now freaked out, and doesn't want to have any part of their destiny. She leaves for her birthday party on Earth. Alex feels as though she was abandoned, and goes to Coventry on her own. She meets Miranda, her mother, and Thantos, their uncle and stepfather.
While at Camryn's party, the Darkness once again attacks. She realizes who the Darkness is (Thantos), and goes to her sister and mother, after Karsh and Ileana were swallowed by Thantos. She makes it there just as Thantos arrives. Then it is revealed that Thantos is really the Darkness and swallows Miranda. He killed the girls' father, his own brother. Alex and Camryn combine their magic of light and love to destroy Thantos. They restore Coventry's light, and return to Camryn's home, along with Miranda, Karsh, and Illeana to have cake. The movie ends with the sisters cheering, "Go Twitches, go Twitches, it's our birthday, it's our birthday!"
Notes: It is revealed that Alex's real name is Artemis and Camryn's real name is Apolla. It is likely that they were named after the Greek Olympian Twins Apollo and Artemis, but on the contrary Apollo is a boy. 
Another allusion to the Olympian Twins is that Artemis is the goddess of the Moon while Alex (Artemis) wears a moon amulet and Apollo is the god of the sun while Camryn (Apolla) wears a sun amulet. Thantos is also derived from Thanatos, the Greek 'grim reaper'.
Production.
Casting.
The filmmakers wanted to cast twin actors for the twin witches. They found Tia and Tamara Mowry. Originally, Tia was supposed to play Camryn and Tamara was supposed to play Alex, but the two wanted their roles to be switched.
Filming.
For the first few days of filming, the cast and crew had a hard time telling Tia and Tamera apart. Green screens, special effects and wind machines were used to simulate the magic tricks used throughout the movie. Special effects were used to create the magic tricks performed through the movie. Green screens had multiple uses when filming. They were used to simulate the transitions between Earth and Coventry, the moon and the sun on the same horizon in Coventry, and (with the inclusion of a wind machine) the Darkness' presence.
Sequel.
A sequel, "Twitches Too", premiered on October 12, 2007 in the US, November 2, 2007 in the UK, and October 26, 2007 in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2857077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857077" title="Where the Heart Is">
Where the Heart Is

Where the Heart Is may refer to:
In film:
In television:
In other media:

</doc>
<doc id="2857085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857085" title="Bienville (disambiguation)">
Bienville (disambiguation)

Bienville may refer to:
People:
Places:
Ships:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2857092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857092" title="Ade Adepitan">
Ade Adepitan

Ade Adepitan MBE (born 27 March 1973) is a British television presenter and wheelchair basketball player. He uses a wheelchair as a result of contracting polio as a child which led to the loss of use of his left leg.
Early life.
Adepitan was born in Maryland, Lagos, Nigeria on 27 March 1973. At the age of 6 months, Adepitan contracted polio which resulted in the loss of function of his left leg, and ultimately prevented him from walking. At the age of three, Adepitan and his mother emigrated to Newham in London, United Kingdom to join his father. He was educated at Southern Road Primary School in Plaistow, Newham, which he credits with helping him with his disability and problems at home. From an early age, he had aspirations of becoming an international sportsman. He also attended Lister Community School.
Basketball career.
Adeptitan is an accomplished wheelchair basketball player, for his club Milton Keynes Aces and as a member of Great Britain team that won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens and the gold medal at the 2005 Paralympic World Cup in Manchester, United Kingdom.
TV and Media Career.
Adepitan has featured on many television programmes and series as an actor, presenter or guest, particularly for the BBC. He often uses television as a platform to campaign against racism and disability discrimination. He was one of the main presenters of the children's programme "Xchange" produced for CBBC and has appeared in the soap opera "EastEnders". He starred as wheelchair basketball coach, "Baggy Awolowo", in the TV series "Desperados". Adepitan also participated in "Beyond Boundaries" which was a four-part documentary in which Adepitan trekked through rainforests, deserts, rivers and mountains in Nicaragua and made his own video diary filmed in London and Spain, talking about his sporting aspirations and how he coped as a London boy living in Zaragoza unable to speak any Spanish.
Adepitan was appointed as one of the main presenters on Channel 4 of the London 2012 Paralympic Games and co-presents "That Paralympic Show" with Rick Edwards.
In 2013, he presented a Channel 4 Dispatches programme, 'Britain on Benefits', and also presented a documentary for Channel 4's 'Unreported World' about Cuban basketball players, 'Cuba, Basketball and Betrayal'.
In 2014, he became one of the presenters of the new BBC travel series The Travel Show. He also anchored the Winter Paralympic Games.
Charity Work.
Adepitan does a lot of charity work, particularly supporting many charities to help other people with physical disabilities. He is a patron to two charities called Go Kids Go (formerly known as Association of Wheelchair Children) and Scope. He is also a great supporter of the National Society of the Prevention of the Cruelty to Children Charity and the WheelPower Charity. Adepitan travelled to Ghana in support of Comic Relief. He also participated in the Disabled Motoring UK Alps 2011 Challenge. Adepitan is also an Athlete Ambassador for Right to Play, the world's leading sport for development charity.
Awards.
Adepitan was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for services to disability sport in 2005. He was also presented with an Honorary Doctorate from Loughborough University, in recognition of his outstanding services to, and performances in, disabled sport.
In 2005 Ade was awarded a ‘Certificate of Excellence’ by the Champions Club UK in recognition not only of his efforts at promoting disability sport, but also for being a positive role model. He was particularly commended for his strong and persistent message of hope within the young black disabled community.
He was presented with the Lifetime Achievement award by the University of East London in 2010, and had an Honorary Doctorate conferred by the university in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2857094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857094" title="Eric Gibson">
Eric Gibson

"King" Eric Gibson is a Bahamian musician and entrepreneur. He is also the semiofficial Ambassador of Bahamian Goodwill.
Gibson was born on the small island of Acklins to a musical family, although he didn't pursue music until his adulthood. After leading several musical acts in the 1950s, Gibson formed King Eric & His Knights around 1957, which specialized in a modernized style of calypso music, a type of Caribbean folk music that received worldwide recognition when American singer Harry Belafonte released the album "Calypso" in 1956. King Eric & His Knights enjoyed immediate popularity among tourists in Nassau, almost certainly due to their performances of the Calypso folksongs made famous by Belafonte. The band regularly performed at nightclubs and hotels, where their records (often in high demand by both tourists and locals) could be purchased in the gift shop. In 1966, Gibson opened a recording studio to support other native Bahamian musicians.
While the lineup of the Knights continued to rotate, King Eric & His Knights remained a popular musical staple in Nassau, often headlining music festivals. In 1973, Gibson formed the "King & Knights Club", a nightclub that not only featured the band, but a variety show that included carnival-style entertainment such as fire juggling and limbo dancing. It was renamed "The Blue Note" in 2006.
King Eric & His Knights also enjoyed popularity outside of the Bahamas, touring in North America and Australia.
While the international appeal of calypso music has dwindled in recent times, Gibson remains a successful entertainer and businessman in Nassau. He is active in the regatta and maintains a successful racing sloop; he also owns an Italian-Bahamian restaurant.
Gibson and his common law wife, Brigitte Neven, were in Florida at the time of Anna Nicole Smith's death. They were invited guests of Anna Nicole, and were among the first to arrive when she began to exhibit signs of trouble.
Gibson died in Nassau, on December 28, 2013, aged 79.

</doc>
<doc id="2857108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857108" title="Bienville National Forest">
Bienville National Forest

Bienville National Forest is a United States National Forest in central Mississippi. It is named for Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville. In descending order of land area it lies in parts of Scott, Smith, Jasper, and Newton counties. It has an area of . The forest is headquartered in Jackson, as are all six National Forests in Mississippi, but there are local ranger district offices located in Forest.
The Forest lies within the Southeastern mixed forests ecoregion and supports mixed forests of pine and oak.
The upper courses of the Leaf and Strong Rivers flow through the forest. Visitors can enjoy boating and fishing for bass, bream, and crappie on Marathon Lake and Shongelo Lake, and campgrounds and trails are open for hiking and camping.
There are three Wildlife Management Areas within Beinville National Forest: Bienville WMA; Tallahalla WMA; and Caney Creek WMA. Each of these WMAs offer excellent hunting opportunities for whitetail deer, wild turkey, and various small game. Recent years have seen an influx of invasive wild pigs, which can be legally taken with legal weapons for any open season. 

</doc>
<doc id="2857109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857109" title="Otherside">
Otherside

"Otherside" is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, released in 2000. It was the third single from their album "Californication", and confronts the battles ex-junkies have with their prior addictions. The single was highly successful peaking at number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the fourth highest ever for the band; and number one on the US Modern Rock Tracks, which was, at the time, the fifth for the band. The song remained at number one on this chart for 13 consecutive weeks, one of the longest runs at the top of that chart.
"Otherside" has remained a constant staple on the band's tours since 1999 making it one of their top ten most performed songs. 
Music video.
The video was directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris in a black-and-white/monochrome Gothic style similar to Robert Wiene's "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", all influenced by German Expressionist art. Elements of Cubism and work by the graphic artist M. C. Escher are also seen in the video.
A cartoonish story line is juxtaposed upon the song; that of a young man's dream sequence. The band members appear dressed in black in unusual locations, with props intended to appear as surreal instruments. Throughout the video Anthony Kiedis with his short, platinum hair is seen in a castle tower. His stage persona is different and quite dark when compared to his more energetic performances in other videos. John Frusciante plays a rope down a long corridor as if a guitar. Flea is hanging on telephone wires and playing them as if they were a bass guitar, and Chad Smith is up on a tower with a rotating medieval clock that serves as his drum kit.
Jonathan Dayton: "We did look at Caligari, and we looked at a lot of German Expressionist film. But it was also very important to avoid 'Caligari.' It was both inspiration and something to work around, because it has such a strong, specific style, and there have been other videos that have completely ripped it off."
Valerie Faris: "We didn't look at 'Calagari' all that much, really. We did, but then we just left it. We did look at a lot of the works of the futurist artists from the '30s, and the illustrations of the surrealists and from cubism. We were inspired more by paintings than by films…"
Meaning of the Song.
This song refers to one of the band members, Hillel Slovak who died of a heroin overdose on June 25, 1988. This song talks about his struggles from this addiction. The name of the song, “Otherside” is also used to say “afterlife”.
Although it is sung by Anthony Kiedis, it is supposed to be Slovak’s voice and his perspective towards the situation. This song talks about how Slovak knows how much the drug has affected him and how he must kill himself to end his addiction. 
This song also shows his struggles to end this addiction by saying, “I yell and tell it (drugs) that it’s not my friend; I tear it down it down, and then it’s born again.” His constant struggle is also shown in the music video which shows a man waking up and then finding himself in the same position at the end of the video which means that it is a cycle that never changes and that never will change. The video also shows his struggles by having a scene where the man (Slovak) is fighting against his shadow which shows that he was initially fighting with himself due to the addiction.
In general, this song is not only showing people Slovak’s struggles but also showing many other people’s struggles with the same problem.
Remixes.
In 2009, Seattle producer Ryan Lewis sampled the song as a backdrop for his song of the same name with the rapper Macklemore. The song depicted Macklemore's own personal struggles as well as the wider problems that the hip hop community has with drug abuse.
In 2010, house duo Third Party made an unofficial remix of the song. The remix garnered considerable attention, but was never released. It was made official and released by Warner Bros. in 2013.
Other versions.
German pop singer Mandy Capristo has covered this song on her album "Grace".

</doc>
<doc id="2857112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857112" title="Hoyle's Official Book of Games">
Hoyle's Official Book of Games

"Hoyle's Official Book of Games" (or Hoyle Series or Hoyle Games) is a series of games produced by Sierra Entertainment. Volume 1, released in 1989, featured multi-player card games. Volume 2, released in 1990, featured 28 varieties of Solitaire. Volume 3, released in 1991, featured board games. Volume 4, was a remake of Volume 1, with two additional games. Sierra continued to publish more games to the series up to its demise. Encore Software has continued publishing entries to the series since then.
Volume 1.
Hoyle's Official Book of Games: Volume 1 was the first card game simulator series released by Sierra entertainment. The series owes its name to Edmond Hoyle.
The Hoyle trademark and facecards were used under license from Brown & Bigelow Inc.
Games.
The games included are: Crazy Eights, Old Maid, Hearts, Gin Rummy, Cribbage and Klondike.
Characters.
For all games, except the last, the player could choose opponents, each having their own AI and manner of playing. These opponents included historical figures, members of Sierra staff, and characters from Sierra games.
When the player took too long making a decision, the characters started having dialogues, each according to his background. For example, Leisure Suit Larry begins to comment about women, while Roger Wilco wants to escape the game to save the universe again.
Development.
The original concept was submitted to Ken Williams (CEO/Founder of Sierra On-line) by Warren Schwader. Once the project was greenlit, Warren acted as the Lead Programmer as well as the Game Designer. The games were programmed using Sierra On-line's proprietary scripting language: Sierra Creative Interpreter (SCI). SCI was originally created to aid in the development of Sierra's core line of adventure games. Working with SCI to implement card games and to code artificial intelligence for the characters proved challenging.
Warren Schwader continued as the Lead Programmer and Game Designer for the next two games in the series.
Volume 2.
Hoyle's Official Book of Games: Volume 2 is the next volume in the Hoyle card games simulator series by Sierra Entertainment. This time, the pack offered 28 games, as opposed to 's six. The other main difference between the two was that all the games were solitaire variants, so there was no option for choosing opponents. Subsequently, the game did not feature any Sierra characters for co-players.
The 28 solitaire games offered are: Calculation, Strategy, Eagle Wing, Beleaguered Castle, Klondike, Canfield, Golf, Flower Garden, Scorpion, Spiderette, La Belle Lucie, Fortress, Baker's Dozen, Bristol, Eight Off, Shamrocks, Yukon, Eliminator, Slide, Bowling, Nestor, Aces Up, Gaps, Penguin, Pyramid, Triplets, Poker Square
Volume 3.
"Hoyle's Official Book of Games: Volume 3" was the third volume in Sierra On-Line's series of computer games based on the officially licensed Hoyle rules and trademark. Unlike the two previous game, this one was made with Sierra's new improved VGA engine, and focused on board games, where the previous entries in the series had featured card games.
Games featured were Backgammon, Checkers, Dominoes, Yacht (a takeoff on Yahtzee), Pachisi, and Snakes and Ladders.
Characters.
Like the first volume, and unlike the second volume, this game offers Sierra characters as opponents in the various games.
They do not interact with each other or have conversations as in the first game, but several of them have themed comments, catch phrase or accented style comments (though these are uncommon). For example the Sheriff may refer to himself as the "Great Nottingham", or Baba Yaga who refers to her opponents as 'dearie'. Some characters are more unique than others, and some are more generic. It also depends on the game, a character might have more interesting things to say about plays in one game, but have generic comments to say in another.
Hoyle Classic Card Games (Hoyle 4).
Hoyle4, Hoyle Classic Card Games () was a remake of Volume I, released with VGA support, speech and original soundtrack. There was a set with 'Classic Characters' to play with and one with an increased number of Sierra characters as well. Load screens involve a silly comments made by the Classic characters, in relationship to whatever game was loading. The number of games was increased to eight, with the inclusion of Contract Bridge and Euchre.
There is some digitized speech for each character. Each character has five unique expressions in full speech (ranging from dislike at the plays, happiness, or praise). There are a few additional text based messages in theme for each character for some of the games, but only relate to the gameplay (characters do not have conversations with each other outside of the scope of the game). All the artwork and character sprites look like old fashioned and sepia-toned.
Classic characters:
Sierra characters: 
Hoyle Classic Games (Hoyle 5).
The first CD-rom version of the game (1995), has over 30 characters to choose from including 'animated', 'icon', and 'business'.
Other games in the series.
By late 1990's the new versions of each game was published almost yearly.
Reception.
"Computer Gaming World" stated that interacting with Sierra characters in "Volume 1" such as Leisure Suit Larry and Princess Rosella was fun, but annoying for those who preferred cards to humor. It criticized "Volume 1" for slow performance and cribbage's deviation from the official Hoyle's rules, and stated that the other games were "really children's games and offer no great excitement".

</doc>
<doc id="2857121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857121" title="Private enterprise in Japan">
Private enterprise in Japan

The engine of Japanese economic growth has been private initiative and enterprise, together with strong support and guidance from the government and from labor. The most numerous enterprises were single proprietorships, of which there were more than 4 million in the late 1980s. The dominant form of organization; however, is the Corporation. In 1988 some 2 million corporations employed more than 30 million workers, or nearly half of the total labor force of 60.1 million people. Corporations range from large to small, but the favored type of organization is the joint-stock company, with directors, auditors, and yearly stockholders' meetings.
History.
Japan's postwar business system dates back to the dissolution of the zaibatsu during the Allied occupation. Central holding companies were dissolved and families and other owners were compensated with non-negotiable government bonds. Individual operating firms were then freed to act independently. At the same time, the government instituted antimonopoly legislation and formed the Fair Trade Commission. Together with agricultural land reform and the start of the labor movement, these measures helped introduce a degree of competition into markets that had not previously existed.
It was not long, however, before the spirit and the letter of these reform laws were neglected. During the 1950s, government guidance of industry often sidestepped the provisions of the law. While market forces determined the course of the vast majority of enterprise activities, adjustments in the allocation of bank credit and the formation of cartels favored the reemergence of conglomerate groupings (keiretsu). These groups competed vigorously with one another for market share both within and outside Japan, but they dominated lesser industry.
In contrast to the dualism of the prewar era--featuring a giant gap between modern, large enterprises and the smaller, traditional firms--the postwar system is more graduated. Interlocking production and sales arrangements between greater and smaller enterprises characterized corporate relations in most markets. The average Japanese business executive is well aware of the firms that lead production and sales in each industry and is sensitive to minute differentiations of rank among the many corporations.
Types of Corporations.
At the top of the corporate system are three general types of corporate groupings. The first includes the corporate heirs of the Zaibatsu, (including many of the same firms). The second consists of corporations that formed around major commercial banks. The nation's six largest groupings are in these two categories. Mitsui, Mitsubishi, and Sumitomo are former zaibatsu, while other groupings were formed around the Fuji-Sankei, Sanwa, and Dai-ichi Kangyo banking giants. A third type of corporate grouping developed around large industrial producers.
The relations among the members of the first two types of groups are flexible, informal, and quite different from the holding company pattern of the prewar days. Coordination takes place at periodic gatherings of corporation presidents and chief executive officers. The purpose of these meetings is to exchange information and ideas rather than to command group operations in a formal way. The general trading firms associated with each group can also be used to coordinate group finance, production, and marketing policies, although none of these relationships is entirely exclusive. The practice of crossholding shares of group stock further cements these groups, and such holdings usually make up about 30 percent of the total group equity. Member corporations typically, although not exclusively, borrow from group banks.
Similar relationships characterize the third type of corporate group, which was established around a major industrial producer. Members of this group are often subsidiaries or affiliates of the parent firm or are regular subcontractors. Subsidiaries and contracting corporations normally build components for the parent firm and, because of their smaller size, afford several benefits to the parent. The larger firm can concentrate on final assembly and high value-added processes, while the smaller firm can perform specialized and labor-intensive tasks. Cash payments to the subcontractors are supplemented by commercial bills whose maturity can be postponed when the need arose. In the late 1980s, subcontracting firms accounted for more than 60 percent of Japan's 6 million small and medium-sized enterprises (those having fewer than 300 employees).
This characterization of the economy as consisting of neat, hierarchical corporate groupings is somewhat simplistic. In the 1970s and 1980s, a number of independent middle-sized firms-- especially in the services and retail trade--were busy catering to increasingly diversified and specialized markets. Unaffiliated with the nation's large conglomerates, these corporations dueled each other in a highly competitive market. Bankruptcies among such companies and the smaller firms were much more common than among the large enterprises. Small business was the main provider of employment for the Japanese--two-thirds of Japanese workers were employed by small firms throughout the 1980s--and thereby the source of consumer demand; small business engaged in almost half of business investment as well.
The issue of who controlled the enterprise system is complex. While theoretically corporations are owned by stockholders, individual stock-ownership fell throughout the 1970s and 1980s, and in 1990 it was less than 30 percent. Financial corporations accounted for the remainder. Relative to capital, almost all large corporations carry enormous debt, a phenomenon known as over-borrowing. Such an unbalanced capital structure results from the easy availability of credit from the main group bank and the network of corporate relations, which reduces the need to resort to capital markets. Corporate shareholder meetings are often only window dressing. Thugs sometimes terrorize stockholders, demanding payments to vote for management or refrain from exposing scandals. The auditing system also is not well developed. Until the late 1980s, few companies engaged outside auditors, and accounting practices gave corporations room to mislead both the public and the shareholders. The law was changed in 1981 to control this kind of excess, to enhance the power of auditors, and to reduce the number of stockholders in the employ of management. But in general, it seems that business management holds the reins of corporate control, often with little public accountability. The corporate system maintains itself by smoothing relations with the government bureaucracy, expanding benefits to workers and consumers, and inceasingly engaging in public relations and philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="2857133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857133" title="IMSL Numerical Libraries">
IMSL Numerical Libraries

IMSL (International Mathematics and Statistics Library) is a commercial collection of software libraries of numerical analysis functionality that are implemented in the computer programming languages of C, Java, C#.NET, and Fortran. A Python interface is also available. 
The IMSL Libraries are provided by Rogue Wave Software. 
Version History and Current Releases.
The first IMSL Library for the Fortran language was released in 1970, followed by a C language version originally called C/Base in 1991, a Java language version in 2002 and the C# language version in 2004. 
Several recent product releases have involved making IMSL Library functions available from Python. These releases are Python wrappers to IMSL C Library functions (PyIMSL wrappers) and PyIMSL Studio, a prototyping and production application development environment based on Python and the IMSL C Library. The PyIMSL wrappers were first released in August 2008. PyIMSL Studio was introduced in February 2009. PyIMSL Studio is available for download at no charge for non-commercial use or for commercial evaluation.
Current versions:
Platform Availability.
The IMSL Numerical Libraries are supported on various operating systems, hardware and compilers.

</doc>
<doc id="2857135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857135" title="AutoNation">
AutoNation

AutoNation (Formally Maroone) is the largest automotive retailer in the United States and is the leading provider of new and pre-owned vehicles. It was founded in 1996 by entrepreneur H. Wayne Huizenga. Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, AutoNation owns and operates 266 dealerships across the USA. The current Chairman and CEO is Mike Jackson, former CEO of Mercedes-Benz North America. The current President and Chief Operation Officer is Mike Maroone, previously of Maroone Automotive Group of South Florida.
Company operations.
AutoNation has 266 dealerships across the USA, and has approximately 22,000 employees. It sells 32 different manufacturer brands nationwide across 15 different states and outsells every other automotive retailer in the U.S. It is ranked #177 in the 2013 Fortune 500. The company has a significant internet presence, offering its entire inventory for online searching.
Total company revenue is as follows:
55% new vehicles
24% used vehicles
16% parts and service
4% financing and insurance
1% other
"AutoNation" National Brand.
Starting in the first months of 2013, AutoNation’s 263 domestic and import franchises and 232 stores were marketed under a unified AutoNation brand from coast to coast.
History.
In 1981, Republic Industries was created, specializing in waste disposal. H. Wayne Huizenga became Chairman of the Board in 1995. Republic got into used auto sales with the purchase of Auto Nation USA in 1997, followed by Car Choice Inc. Republic began opening AutoNation used megastores. CarMax brought a lawsuit against Republic for copyright and trademark infringement. Republic's sales for 1995 were $5.2 billion.
In 1996, Republic began purchasing new car dealerships and offering long-term contracts to owners who joined the automotive division management team. Some dealers began seeking out Republic to sell their dealerships because of the long-term contracts. In 1996, Republic built twelve AutoNation locations.
In 1996, Alamo Rent A Car was acquired.
In 1997, Republic continued acquisitions in the car rental business with the purchase of National Car Rental, Spirit Rent-A-Car, Value Rent-A-Car, Snappy Car Rental, and EuroDollar Rent A Car. Huizenga had Republic start consolidating operations between new and used cars and its rental companies into one operation. Acquiring six Saturn dealerships in Arizona and Florida, Republic sold the dealerships to Saturn in 1997 because they did not generate enough sales despite being a successful brand. Maroone Automotive Group of Buffalo, NY and Florida was acquired in 1997 for $200 million in Republic Stock.
A 2-for-1 split in the company stock was completed in 1996.
In an attempt to expand the company's electronic security division, the company offered to purchase ADT but the acquisition was called off. In October 1997, Republic sold off its electronic security division after failing to expand it with the attempted-purchase of ADT.
Republic Industries offered in July 1998 an IPO of its original core waste disposal business as Republic Services. From this sale of 36% of Republic Services, Republic Industries netted $1.4 billion. While CarMax had received a $50 million jury award in its lawsuit, it was overturned during an appeal in 1998. Drivers' Mart, a competitor, was purchased.
The remaining 64% of Republic Services were spun off to Republic Industries shareholders in 1999. The company's first Chief Executive Officer (CEO) was Steve Berrard, who resigned from the company in July 1999. Mike Jackson, CEO, moved to spin off the car rental business as ANC Rental. AutoNation USA used car megastores, which lost $25 million the quarter before, were all closed down. Plans to brand all auto dealers as AutoNation are scrapped and a regional brand focus is instituted.
In January 2003, Jackson is named chairman of the board replacing Huizenga. On October 24, 2005, the AutoNation building in downtown Fort Lauderdale suffered significant damage due to Hurricane Wilma. The company has since transferred to another nearby building.
In Feb 2006, AutoNation Inc announced to restate its cash flow statements for two years, in response to discussions with the staff of SEC. The previously issued consolidated financial statements for 2003 and 2004 should no longer be relied upon.
In 2006, Mike Jackson, CEO of AutoNation announced that his company would be reducing orders from General Motors, Ford and Chrysler in 2007. Jackson made the statement that the company will instead focus on selling BMW, Mercedes and Lexus vehicles due to anticipation of further market share loss by US automakers resulting in high dealer inventories.
In 2009, AutoNation announced the AutoNation Payment Protection program, promising that the dealership will buy back any car at market value, should the owner lose their job.
In 2011, AutoNation was the first auto retailer in the U.S. to sell a total of 8 Million vehicles.
In January 2013, AutoNation announced that it would completely replace localized brand names of its car retail operations with its own name, starting with car retail stores that are identified with the "Maroone" name in Florida. This re-branding across the United States was supported and approved by the major automotive manufacturers, including GM, Ford, Chrysler, Nissan, Toyota, Honda, VW and Hyundai. It involved a total of 210 franchises operating under previously assigned local group names.
In May 2013, AutoNation partnered with "IndyCar" Series Champion Ryan Hunter-Reay to support his "Racing for Cancer" charity. This charity serves as a key component of the AutoNation charity program. The charity was founded as a 501(c)(3) charitable organization following the 2009 passing of the founders mother due to colon cancer.
In August 2013, AutoNation announced the sale of its 9 Millionth vehicle. A record achievement for the industry. 

</doc>
<doc id="2857138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857138" title="Gratitude Fund">
Gratitude Fund

The Gratitude Fund describes itself as "a non-profit organization which was created to provide assistance to the forgotten heroes and veterans of the active struggle for freedom and human rights in the former USSR such as ex-political prisoners, who were imprisoned for many years, and to the families of those dissidents who perished in the Soviet prisons."
Yuri Fedorov founded the Fund in 1998 and serves as its president.
The Fund's Board of Directors:

</doc>
<doc id="2857140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857140" title="Michael Kerr (lawyer)">
Michael Kerr (lawyer)

Sir Michael Robert Emanuel Kerr, PC (1 March 1921 – 14 April 2002) was a German-born British jurist, lawyer and author. He was the son of German drama critic Alfred Kerr and brother of author Judith Kerr. 
Born in Charlottenburg, Germany, Kerr and his family were forced to leave their homeland at the end of the Weimar Republic by the emergence of the Nazi party. After 1933, the Kerr family lived in Switzerland, France and finally Great Britain, as noted in his sister's writing. His experience as an immigrant allowed him to perfect skills in not only German but also in French and English. Sponsored by a friend of his father, Kerr was exposed to British private schools. This and his immigration experience may have created a wish to emulate and join the upper class of his new homeland.
Kerr was beginning his studies at the Clare College, Cambridge when Second World War began. During the war, Kerr was at first perceived and interned as an "enemy alien." However he later served as a pilot of the Royal Air Force. After the war, he returned to Cambridge to study law. His career eventually led him to the High Court, where he believed that he was the first senior judge born an alien since the 12th century. Kerr chaired the Law Commission from 1978-81, before serving on the Court of Appeal, and finally on the London Court of International Arbitration. 
In his autobiography "As Far As I Remember" he tells of his family, also reflected in books by his sister such as "When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit", and about his career in the British law system. His short, analytic writing is reminiscent of his father's style.

</doc>
<doc id="2857149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857149" title="Grigny">
Grigny

Grigny may refer to:
Places.
Grigny is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="2857154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857154" title="WWHT">
WWHT

WWHT is an FM Mainstream Top 40 radio station licensed to Syracuse, New York. Owned by Clear Channel Communications and broadcasts at 107.9 MHz, WWHT airs a contemporary hit radio format branded as "Hot 107.9".
History.
The station signed on the air as WONO in 1956, with a classical music format. That format and call letter assignment remained in place until 1979, when new owner Roy H. Park broadcasting changed the station's format and call letters. Since that time, 107.9 FM has had several different formats and call signs ranging from Adult Contemporary, rock, country as WRRB, easy listening/classical as WRHP, and lastly Hit Country 108 WHEN-FM. 
In 1996, 107.9 FM was sold again, this time to Cox Communications the owners of country format competitor WBBS (B104.7). It was then that it switched to its current format and the WWHT call letters. Although its music and direction is heavily focused on Rhythmic and Dance hits, it does plays a few mainstream Pop/Rock acts, which they primarily target towards young adults.
In 2010 WWHT increased the Rhythmic content while reducing the non-Rhythmic product, a trend that several Top 40/CHRs have been adopting, and by January 2011 made the shift to Rhythmic Top 40 altogether. The move to Rhythmic resulted in WWHT being moved from both BDS and Mediabase's Top 40/CHR panels to their Rhythmic panels in November 2011. As of October 2012, WWHT returned to mainstream top 40, dropping almost all rhythmic-only content, but because most of their programming is voice-tracked, Nielsen BDS did not include the station's playlist in their Top 40/CHR panel. Hot 1079's main competition is WNTQ, the market's other mainstream top 40/CHR outlet and for whom WWHT had battled since its 1996 debut. As part of the Clear Channel family, Hot is part of the "powerhouse family" in Central New York.
On Air Line Up.
Monday Through Friday
Saturday On Air Schedule
Sunday On Air Schedule
Past Air Talent from Hot 107.9
Segments/Programs.
Commercial free music starts playing at the top of each hour :00 to about :35 (35 minutes). 3 songs are played from :42 to :54.
Commercial breaks are played from :35 to :41 and :54 to :00 (usually last around 6 minutes or so).
Hot 107.9 usually plays on average about 12 to 14 songs an hour. 15 to 16 songs during the Third Shift Lift (12AM to 5AM) due to less commercials.
Ryan Seacrest.
Since Monday, May 4, 2009, the nationally syndicated On Air with Ryan Seacrest started airing Monday through Friday from 10AM to 2PM Eastern. The recently-launched American Top 5 segment started on March 29, 2010 where Ryan Seacrest counts down the Top 5 Songs Of The Day at 12PM Eastern. The nationally syndicated American Top 40 With Ryan Seacrest is broadcast every Saturday morning from 6AM to 10AM Eastern since Saturday, March 20, 2010. American Top 40 With Ryan Seacrest is now broadcast every Sunday morning from 8AM to 12PM to make room for the best of Elvis Duran and the Morning Show on Saturday mornings from 6AM to 10AM.
Elvis Duran and the Morning Show.
Since Friday, August 13, 2010, the nationally syndicated Elvis Duran and the Morning Show started airing Monday through Friday from 5AM to 10AM. The show comes from the sister station Z100 in New York City where it is heard live from 6AM to 10AM and the best of the morning show bits are heard from 5AM to 6AM. The show replaces Marty And Shannon In The Morning, but they are often heard on the radio at different times like in the afternoons on Y94FM (Syracuse, NY) and on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="2857157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857157" title="Eric Jager">
Eric Jager

Eric Jager (born 27 April 1957) is an American literary critic and a specialist in medieval literature. He is a professor in the department of English at University of California, Los Angeles, received his B.A. from Calvin College in 1979, and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1987. He has also taught at Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="2857169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857169" title="Moonlight Sinatra">
Moonlight Sinatra

Moonlight Sinatra is a studio album by Frank Sinatra, released in March 1966. All of the tracks on the album are centered around the moon, and were arranged and conducted by Nelson Riddle and his orchestra.
The title of the album is a reference to Ludwig van Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".

</doc>
<doc id="2857171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857171" title="Joe Hardstaff, Sr.">
Joe Hardstaff, Sr.

Joseph (Joe) Hardstaff, Sr. (9 November 1882 – 2 April 1947) was an English cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire and England.
Hardstaff made his debut during 1902, playing one match against Lancashire scoring 2. He was a central figure in the Notts side until he retired at the end of the 1924 season. He was primarily a middle-order batsman, though he occasionally bowled medium, especially after the war. Having helped his county to its first County Championship in 1907, he was picked for the tour to Australia in 1907/08, captained by the Nottinghamshire county captain Arthur Jones. Hardstaff was a big success on the tour, scoring more runs in first-class matches than any other batsman, and coming third, behind George Gunn and Jack Hobbs, in the Test matches. His subsequent form precluded further selection for although he passed 1000 runs seven times in England, and once on his sole overseas tour. Apart from 1911, he rarely featured amongst the leading batsmen in the averages. He was selected, surprisingly, in 1910, for the Players against the Gentlemen at Lords. He appeared three times in this fixture at the Oval.
He was on the MCC staff during the early part of his career and after he retired.
After retirement, he played occasional matches for MCC and became a first-class umpire, standing in 21 Test matches.His appearances at International level were limited because of the inclusion of his son Joe Hardstaff Jr. in the England team from the mid-1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="2857177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857177" title="STSI">
STSI

STSI can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2857179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857179" title="Western whiptail">
Western whiptail

The western whiptail ("Aspidoscelis tigris" and Girard, 1852) is a small lizard (adults average 25 to 35 cm - about a foot - in length) that ranges throughout most of the southwestern United States. Most of its populations appear stable, and is not listed as endangered in any of the states comprising its range. It lives in a wide variety of habitats, including deserts and semiarid shrubland, usually in areas with sparse vegetation; also woodland, open dry forest, and riparian growth. It lives in burrows. Major differences between this species and the Checkered Whiptail ("Aspidoscelis tesselata") include the lack of enlarged scales anterior to the gular fold and the presence of enlarged antebatrachial scales. It was previously known under "Cnemidophorus tigris", until phylogenetic analyses concluded that the genus "Cnemidophorus" was polyphyletic. Since it does not migrate, a number of forms have developed in different regions, several of which have been given sub-specific names - for example the California Whiptail, Aspidoscelis tigris munda.
An excellent, well-documented site for information on this and other American species is http://www.natureserve.org. The specific home page for the species is http://www.natureserve.org/explorer/servlet/NatureServe?searchName=Cnemidophorus+tigris .

</doc>
<doc id="2857190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857190" title="Gular fold">
Gular fold

A gular fold is a feature of the body of lizards and many other reptiles. It is a granular fold found on the ventral throat, immediately front of the forelegs.

</doc>
<doc id="2857195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857195" title="Ethics of eating meat">
Ethics of eating meat

In many societies, controversy and debate have arisen over the ethics of eating animals. The fundamental ethical objection to meat eating is that for most people living in the developed world it is not necessary for their survival or health; hence, it is concluded, slaying animals just because people like the taste of meat is wrong and morally unjustifiable. Ethical vegetarians may also object to the agricultural practices underlying the production of meat, or cite concerns about animal welfare, animal rights, environmental ethics, and religious scruples. In response, proponents of meat eating have adduced various scientific, nutritional, cultural and religious arguments in support of the practice. In between, some meat eaters object only to rearing animals in certain ways, such as factory farms; others avoid only certain meats, such as veal or foie gras.
Ethical views on eating meat.
Princeton University and University of Melbourne professor and pioneer of the animal liberation movement, Peter Singer, has long argued that if it is possible to survive and be healthy without eating meat, fish, dairy or eggs, one ought to choose that option instead of causing unnecessary harm to animals. In "Animal Liberation", Singer argued that because nonhuman animals feel, they should be treated according to utilitarian ethics. Singer's work has been widely cited by animal rights campaigners as well as ethical vegetarians and vegans. Ethical vegetarians point out that reasons for not hurting or killing animals are similar to the reasons for not hurting or killing humans. Ethical vegetarians argue that killing an animal, like killing a human, can only be justified in extreme circumstances; consuming a living creature just for its taste, for convenience, or out of habit is not justifiable. Some ethicists have added that humans, unlike other animals, are morally conscious of their behavior and have a choice; this is why there are laws governing human behavior, and why it is subject to moral standards.
When people choose to do things about which they are ambivalent and which they would have difficulty justifying, they experience a state of cognitive dissonance, which can lead to rationalization, denial or even self-deception. For example, a 2011 experiment found that when the harm that their meat-eating causes animals is explicitly brought to people's attention, they tend to rate those animals as possessing fewer mental capacities compared to when the harm is not brought to their attention. This is especially evident when people expect to eat meat in the near future. Such denial makes it less uncomfortable for people to eat animals. The data suggest that people who consume meat go to great lengths to try to resolve these moral inconsistencies between their beliefs and behaviour by adjusting their beliefs about what animals are capable of feeling. Ethical vegetarians argue that it is behaviour rather than supporting beliefs that should be adjusted.
Treatment of animals.
Ethical vegetarian concerns have become more widespread in developed countries particularly because of the spread of (1) factory farming, (2) more open and graphic documentation of what human meat-eating entails for its victims, and (3) environmental consciousness. Some proponents of meat eating argue that the current mass demand for meat has to be satisfied with a mass-production system, regardless of the welfare of animals. Less extreme proponents argue that practices like well-managed free-range rearing and the consumption of hunted animals, particularly from species whose natural predators have been significantly eliminated, could satisfy the demand for mass-produced meat.
Milk and eggs.
One of the main differences between a vegan and a typical vegetarian diet is the avoidance of both eggs and dairy products such as milk, cheese, butter and yogurt. Ethical vegans do not consume dairy or eggs because their production causes animal suffering and/or premature death.
To produce milk from dairy cattle, all calves are separated from their mothers soon after birth and fed milk replacement in order to retain the cows' milk for human consumption. Animal welfare advocates point out that this breaks the natural mother and calf bond. Unwanted male calves are either slaughtered at birth or sent for veal production. To prolong lactation, dairy cows are almost permanently kept pregnant through artificial insemination. Although cows' natural life expectancy is about twenty years, after about five years the cows' milk production has dropped; they are then considered "spent" and sent to slaughter for meat and leather.
In battery cage and free-range egg production, unwanted male chicks are culled and killed at birth during the process of securing a further generation of egg-laying hens. It is estimated that an average consumer of milk who drinks 190 kg per year for 70 years of his or her life is responsible for the deaths of 2.5 cows. The same average person who eats 200 eggs per year is responsible for the deaths of 140 birds.
Animal consciousness.
Eugene Linden, author of "The Parrot's Lament" suggests that many examples of animal behavior and intelligence seem to indicate emotion, and a level of consciousness that we would normally ascribe only to our own species. Many others have written about animal consciousness
Philosopher Daniel Dennett counters that:
Some have argued that sentience (being able to feel sensations, emotions and pain) is not the same as self-awareness (being aware of oneself as an individual). Generally, only the handful of animals that have passed the mirror test are confidently considered to be self-aware.
Peter Singer, in his ethical philosophy of what it is to be a "person" argues that livestock animals feel enough to deserve better treatment than they receive.
Pain.
A related argument revolves around non-human organisms' ability to feel pain. If animals can be shown to suffer, as humans do, many of the arguments against human suffering could be extended to animals One such reaction is transmarginal inhibition, a phenomenon observed in humans and some animals akin to mental breakdown.
As noted by John Webster, a professor of animal husbandry at Bristol:
Debate over animals killed in crop harvesting.
Steven Davis, a professor of animal science at Oregon State University, argues that the least harm principle does not require giving up all meat. Davis states that a diet containing beef from grass-fed ruminants such as cattle would kill fewer animals than a vegetarian diet, particularly when one takes into account animals killed by agriculture. This conclusion has been criticized by Jason Gaverick Matheny (founder of "in vitro" meat organization New Harvest) because it calculates the number of animals killed per acre (instead of per consumer). He claims that when the numbers are adjusted, Davis' argument shows veganism as perpetrating the least harm. Davis' argument has also been criticized by Andy Lamey for being based on only two studies that may not represent commercial agricultural practices. When differentiating between animals killed by farm machinery and those killed by other animals, he claims the studies again show veganism to do the "least harm".
Jay Bost, agroecologist and winner the New York Times essay contest on the ethics of eating meat, summarized his argument in the following way: “eating meat raised in specific circumstances is ethical; eating meat raised in other circumstances is unethical” in regard to environmental usage. He proposes that if “ethical is defined as living in the most ecologically benign way, then in fairly specific circumstances, of which each eater must educate himself, eating meat is ethical.” The specific circumstances he mentions include using animals to cycle nutrients and convert sun to food. Ethicists like Tom Regan and Peter Singer define ethical in terms of suffering rather than ecology.
Environmental argument.
Some people choose to be vegetarian or vegan for environmental reasons.
The use of large industrial monoculture that is common in industrialized agriculture, typically for feed crops such as corn and soy is more damaging to ecosystems than more sustainable farming practices such as organic farming, permaculture, arable, pastoral, and rain-fed agriculture. Other concerns include the wasting of natural resources, such as food, water, etc.
Animals that feed on grain or rely on grazing require more water than grain crops. According to the USDA, growing crops for farm animals requires nearly half of the U.S. water supply and 80% of its agricultural land. Animals raised for food in the U.S. consume 90% of the soy crop, 80% of the corn crop, and 70% of its grain. In tracking food animal production from the feed through to the dinner table, the inefficiencies of meat, milk and egg production range from a 4:1 energy input to protein output ratio up to 54:1. The result is that producing animal-based food is typically much less efficient than the harvesting of grains, vegetables, legumes, seeds and fruits, though this might not be true to the same extent for animal husbandry in the developing world where factory farming is almost non existent, making animal-based food much more sustainable.
Some have described unequal treatment of humans and animals as a form of species bias such as anthropocentrism or human-centeredness. Val Plumwood (1993, 1996) has argued that anthropocentrism plays a role in green theory that is analogous to androcentrism in feminist theory and ethnocentrism in anti-racist theory. Plumwood calls human-centredness "anthropocentrism" to emphasize this parallel. By analogy with racism and sexism, Melanie Joy has dubbed meat-eating "carnism."
Religious traditions of eating meat.
Hinduism holds vegetarianism as an ideal, for three reasons: the principle of nonviolence (ahimsa) applied to animals; the intention to offer only "pure" (vegetarian) or sattvic food to a deity and then to receive it back as prasad; and the conviction that an insentient diet is beneficial for a healthy body and mind and that non-vegetarian food is detrimental for the mind and for spiritual development. It also forbids eating cows, as they are held to be sacred. Buddhist vegetarianism has similar strictures against hurting animals. The actual practices of Hindus and Buddhists vary according to their community and according to regional traditions. Jains are especially rigorous about not harming sentient organisms.
Islamic Law and Jewish religious traditions have similar dietary guidelines called Halal and Kashrut. In Judaism, meat that may be consumed according to "halakha" (Jewish law) is termed "kosher"; meat that is not compliant with Jewish law is called "treif". Causing unnecessary pain to animals is prohibited by the principle of Tza'ar Ba'alei Chayim. While it is neither required nor prohibited for Jews to eat meat, a number of medieval scholars of Judaism, such as Joseph Albo and Isaac Arama, regard vegetarianism as a moral ideal. Rabbi Kook speaks of vegetarianism as an ideal, and points to the fact that Adam and Eve did not partake of the flesh of animals as all humans and animals were originally commanded by God to only eat plants. According to Richard H. Schwartz, president of Jewish Vegetarians of North America and author of the book "Judaism and Vegetarianism", God's original plan was for mankind to be vegetarian.
In Christianity as practised by members of Eastern Orthodox Church, Roman Catholic Church, Greek Catholic Church and others, it is prohibited to eat meat in times of fasting. Rules of fasting also vary. There are also Christian monastic orders that practice vegetarianism.
Criticisms and responses.
Morals.
It has been argued that a moral community requires all participants to be able to make moral decisions, but animals are incapable of making moral choices (e.g., a tiger would not refrain from eating a human because it was morally wrong; it would decide whether to attack based on its survival needs, as dictated by hunger). Thus, some opponents of ethical vegetarianism argue that the analogy between killing animals and killing people is misleading. Humans are capable of culture, innovation and the sublimation of instinct in order to act in an ethical manner. Animals are not, and so are unequal to humans on a moral level. This does not excuse cruelty, but it implies animals are not morally equivalent to humans and do not possess the rights a human has. For example, killing a mouse is not the moral equivalent of committing homicide.
Benjamin Franklin describes his conversion to vegetarianism in chapter one of his autobiography, but then he describes why he (periodically) ceased vegetarianism in his later life:
The response of ethical vegetarians is that humans have a choice, whereas animals do not. Hence if hurting or killing animals is not necessary for human survival or health (as it is necessary for obligate carnivores, such as felids), humans can decide to stop doing it, and to outlaw it.
The animal rights movement, sometimes called the animal liberation movement, animal personhood, or animal advocacy movement, is a social movement which seeks an end to the rigid moral and legal distinction drawn between human and non-human animals, an end to the status of animals as property, and an end to their use in the research, food, clothing, and entertainment industries.
Animal welfare.
Various programs operate in the U.S. that promote the notion that animals raised for food can be treated humanely. Spokesemen for the factory farming industry argue that the animals are better off in total confinement. For example, according to F J "Sonny" Faison, president of Carroll’s Foods:
In response, animal welfare advocates such as Farm Sanctuary argue that commodifying and slaughtering animals is incompatible with the definition of "humane". Animal ethicists such as Gary Francione have argued that reducing animal suffering is not enough; it needs to be made illegal and abolished.
Nonchordates.
Peter Singer has pointed out that the ethical argument for vegetarianism may not apply to all non-vegetarian food. For example, any arguments against causing pain to animals would not apply to animals that do not have central nervous systems if they do not feel pain. It has also often been noted that it takes a lot more grain to feed a cow for human consumption than it takes to feed a human directly, but not all animals consume land plants (or other animals that consume land plants). Oysters, for example, consume underwater plankton and algae. In 2010, Christopher Cox wrote: 
Cox went on to suggest that oysters would be acceptable to eat, even by strict ethical criteria, if they did not feel: "while you could give them the benefit of the doubt, you could also say that unless some new evidence of a capacity for pain emerges, the doubt is so slight that there is no good reason for avoiding eating sustainably produced oysters." Cox has added that, although he believes in some of the ethical reasons for vegetarianism, he is not strictly a vegan or even a vegetarian because he consumes oysters.
Animal and plant pain.
Critics of ethical vegetarianism point out that there is no agreement on where to draw the line between organisms that can and cannot feel. Justin Leiber, a philosophy professor at Oxford University writes that:
There are also some who argue that although only suffering animals feel anguish, plants, like all organisms, have evolved mechanisms for survival. No living organism can be described as "wanting" to die for another organism's sustenance. In an article written for the New York Times, Carol Kaesuk Yoon argues that:

</doc>
<doc id="2857204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857204" title="Joan Hammond">
Joan Hammond

Dame Joan Hilda Hood Hammond, DBE, CMG (24 May 191226 November 1996) was an Australian operatic soprano, singing coach and champion golfer.
Early life.
Joan Hilda Hood Hammond was born and baptised in Christchurch, New Zealand. Her father, Samuel Hood, was born in England. He married his first wife Edith, then left her and took up with Joan's mother, Hilda Blandford, by whom he also had two sons in England. He informally added Hammond to his name, and they represented themselves as "Mr and Mrs Samuel H. Hammond", although they were not married at the time.
Hammond was born in May 1912, not long after the family had arrived in New Zealand. She was only 6 months old when her family moved again, to Sydney, Australia. Her parents finally married in Sydney on 25 May 1927, the day after her 15th birthday, although there is no evidence Samuel's first wife Edith had died by that time, or that they had ever divorced.
Hammond attended Pymble Ladies' College and excelled in both sports and music. She studied violin and singing at the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music in Sydney, and played violin for three years with the Sydney Philharmonic Orchestra before studying singing in Vienna in 1936.
Golfer.
Hammond won the women's junior golf championship for New South Wales in 1929, and the women's state championship in 1932, 1934, and 1935. When she became well known as a golfer, she started to sign her name as "Joan Hood Hammond", and newspaper articles would sometimes hyphenate this as "Joan Hood-Hammond"; however, she later dropped the "Hood".
Opera.
An encounter with Lady Gowrie, the wife of the then Governor of New South Wales, Lord Gowrie, made the young Joan Hammond's dreams of studying in Europe possible. She would often refer to Lady Gowrie as her "guardian angel". Hammond's fellow golfers in New South Wales raised enough money for her to leave Australia in 1936 to study in Vienna. She also studied with Dino Borgioli in London. She toured widely, and became noted particularly for her Puccini roles. She returned to Australia for concert tours in 1946, 1949 and 1953, and starred in the second Elizabethan Theatre Trust opera season in 1957. She undertook world concert tours between 1946 and 1961. Her autobiography, "A Voice, a Life", was published in 1970.
Dame Joan Hammond appeared in the major opera houses of the world – the Royal Opera House, La Scala, the Vienna State Opera and the Bolshoi. Her fame in Britain came not just from her stage appearances but from her recordings. She made famous the aria "O mio babbino caro" from Puccini's opera "Gianni Schicchi". Recorded in English under the title "O My Beloved Father", it earned Hammond a Gold Record award for 1 million sold copies on 27 August 1969. Her recording of "O, Silver Moon" from Dvořák's "Rusalka" was also a huge seller. A prolific artist, Hammond's repertoire also encompassed Verdi, Handel, Tchaikovsky, Massenet, Beethoven, as well as folk song, art song, and lieder. 
Later life.
A heart attack in 1965 forced Hammond to retire from the stage. Her final performance was at the funeral of her "guardian angel", Lady Gowrie, on 30 July 1965, at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. This occasion was also memorable for the fact that Hammond was the first woman ever granted royal permission to sing in that chapel.
Hammond retired to Australia. She became patron and a life member of the Melbourne-based Victorian Opera Company (since 1976, the Victorian State Opera – VSO), founded in 1962 by Leonard Spira. She was the VSO's artistic director from 1971 until 1976 and remained on the board until 1985. Working with the then General Manager, Peter Burch, she invited the young conductor Richard Divall to become the company's Musical Director in 1972. She joined the Victorian Council of the Arts, was a member of the Australia Council for the Arts opera advisory panel, and was an Honorary Life Member of Opera Australia. She was important to the success of both the VSO and Opera Australia.
Hammond embarked on a second career as a voice teacher after her performance career ended. In 1975, she was appointed the head of the voice faculty at the Victorian College of the Arts, where she remained until her retirement seventeen years later in 1992. In that time she trained an extraordinary number of Australian singers who had successful careers in Australia and on the international stage. Among her notable pupils is soprano Cheryl Barker.
Death.
She died in 1996 in Bowral, New South Wales, aged 84, never having married, and was buried in the Bowral General Cemetery. Joan Carden sang at Hammond's funeral and memorial concert, both of which were held in Melbourne.
Honours.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1953, she was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for her singing.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1963 she was promoted to Commander (CBE). In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1974 she was promoted within the order to Dame Commander (DBE) for distinguished services to singing.
In the New Year's Day Honours of 1972 she was made a Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) for services to young opera singers.
Legacy.
She received the Sir Charles Santley Award from the Worshipful Company of Musicians, London in 1970 as "Musician of the Year". In 1986, the Victoria State Opera created the Dame Joan Hammond Award with Moffatt Oxenbould as its inaugural recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="2857211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857211" title="Haynes and Boone">
Haynes and Boone

Haynes and Boone, LLP is an international corporate law firm with offices in Texas, New York, California, Washington, D.C. and Mexico City. Haynes and Boone is ranked the 81st largest law firm in the nation by the "National Law Journal". Haynes and Boone has its headquarters in the One Victory Park building in Uptown Dallas, Texas.
Strategic Practice Areas.
Areas of law practiced by Haynes and Boone include securities; mergers and acquisitions; bankruptcy; business reorganization; workouts; clean tech; environmental law, climate change, and corporate sustainability; intellectual property; labor and employment; real estate; and all aspects of business litigation.
History.
The firm was founded in 1970 by Richard Haynes and Michael Boone.
Notable Cases.
Haynes and Boone was awarded the 2008 W. Frank Newton Award for outstanding pro bono efforts. The firm was selected in recognition of its seven-year effort that freed two Mexican nationals wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison.
Headquarters.
Haynes and Boone has its headquarters in the One Victory Park building in Uptown Dallas.
Before it was in One Victory Park, Haynes and Boone had its headquarters in in the Bank of America Plaza in Downtown Dallas. By 2006 the company announced that it was moving to a new headquarters facility. On October 27, 2008 Haynes and Boone moved into One Victory Park; the firm was the first major tenant that moved into the building. The firm downsized its space to of space on six floors. The offices of higher ranked employees were the same size as those of lower ranked employees so efficiency could be increased.

</doc>
<doc id="2857244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857244" title="Yemane Baria">
Yemane Baria

Yemane Ghebremichael (commonly known as Yemane Baria), was a well-known Eritrean songwriter, composer and singer. Not confined to musical pursuits, he was also heavily involved in Eritrean politics. He died of natural causes in 1997. 
Biography.
Yemane's songwriting strove to reflect what he perceived to be Eritrean experience during the Eritrean War of Independence. His songs were dotted with stories of love, journey, hope, immigration, and liberation. In 1975, he was jailed for the perceived political interpretation of one of his songs.
A few years after the declaration of the independence of Eritrea, Yemane moved to Asmara and continued to release albums that reflected the new era of hope and national prosperity, with a mixture of Eritrean and Latin melodies. He also sang about the people involved in the movement towards Eritrean independence, and the sacrifices of that movement. 
Yemane was also known as the 'Eritrean caretaker', due to his reputation as being of a generous, down-to-earth nature, and for sharing his place with newly arrived Eritreans. He is known for having helped many Eritreans adjust to diaspora life in Sudan and move to better places in the Middle East, America, Europe, etc. He was also reputed for his artistry and mastery of Tigrinya, the most widely used language in Eritrea.
Albums.
Yemane's albums included:

</doc>
<doc id="2857245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857245" title="Chris Walker (motorcycle racer)">
Chris Walker (motorcycle racer)

Chris Walker (born 25 March 1972 in Nottingham) is a British motorcycle road racer. His nickname is "The Stalker". He is a four-time runner-up in the British Superbike Championship, and a former race winner in the Superbike World Championship. He currently races with Lloyds British GBmoto aboard a Kawasaki ZX-10R in the British Superbike Championship.
Like Formula One legend Ayrton Senna, Walker has Bell's Palsy, which has paralysed part of his face. He lists his determination as his best feature, and his love of puddings as his worst. He usually races #9.
Early years and British Superbike Championship 1995–2000.
Walker only started road racing in 1995 after many years as an accomplished motocross rider, but by the end of that year and into 1996 he rose through the ranks with ease and had ridden in Grands Prix and scored points.
In 1997 he challenged for the prestigious British Superbike championship with Yamaha, finishing as runner-up to experienced team-mate Niall Mackenzie. He switched to Kawasaki for 1998, winning in the season’s first race, before it became clear that the Yamahas of Mackenzie and Steve Hislop were the bikes to beat. Injury to Hislop allowed Walker to take 2nd in the series again, a feat he repeated behind Troy Bayliss’ Ducati in 1999.
He came agonisingly close to the 2000 title, when an engine failure in his Suzuki took him out of a winning position with just three laps remaining of the final race at Donington Park, leaving Walker in tears and gifting the title to GSE Ducati’s Neil Hodgson. He did however take a second place at Brands Hatch in the World Superbike round that year, the best of his many wild card entries in the UK rounds (and occasionally Assen in the Netherlands) over the years.
500 cc World Championship/World Superbikes 2001–2006.
Walker made an attempt at the 500 cc World Championship in 2001. He predicted that "For me it's going to be the toughest year ever", which proved accurate, as the factory Shell-sponsored Honda was hard to ride and forced Walker to override, resulting in many huge crashes. In , he moved to the Superbike World Championship, initially with the Fuchs Kawasaki team.
Walker placed 6th in the championship for GSE Ducati in , and 11th for Carl Fogarty's Foggy Petronas team in , respectively teamed with James Toseland and Troy Corser (both of whom won the title the next season, Toseland riding the Fila Ducati to success and Corser the Alstare Suzuki in ).
In , he joined the PSG-1 Kawasaki Corse team, proving to be the most consistent Kawasaki rider in terms of pace and results, securing one podium finish (3rd place, round 6 at Valencia) and finishing 7th place overall.
Despite his finishing position, Walker was subsequently dropped by PSG for the season, when Kawasaki is expected to support PSG as an official factory team.
Return to the British Superbike Championship 2007.
Walker initially struggled on the Rizla Suzuki in the British Superbike championship, occasionally outpaced by rookie team-mate Cal Crutchlow. When Neil Hodgson tested the bike some speculated that Walker's ride was under threat. The team insisted it wasn't, and at Oulton Park he took third in race one, in tricky conditions which saw many top riders (such as Jonathan Rea, Gregorio Lavilla and Tom Sykes) crash out. This was only his second podium of the season. His points tally for the year was 225, comparing favourably to his team-mate's 152.
World Supersport 2008.
He was not retained for 2008, but raced in the Supersport World Championship for the very first time in and , for the GIL Kawasaki team alongside teammate Katsuaki Fujiwara. However, the bike was not competitive, and he switched to the Paul Bird VK Vent-Axia team in World Superbikes for the final five rounds of the season. He opened with minor points at Brands Hatch, but crashed twice at Donington Park.
British Superbike Championship 2009–present.
For 2009 he was optimistic of a top British Superbike Championship ride, as all the established good riders are gone. He ultimately joined the Henderson Yamaha team, but struggled for much of the year. He was competitive in race 1 at Mallory Park until chaos and controversy struck. He was running second when Josh Brookes lost control of his bike and catapulted race leader Simon Andrews, dropping oil from Brookes' Honda. Walker was one of five other riders who either crashed or downed their bikes to avoid crashing. The red flag was shown, but these seven riders were excluded from the results, due to an unexpected application of the rules. Brookes received a two-race ban for his mistake.
For 2010 Walker was released by the Motorpoint Henderson Yamaha. It looked like he would not be racing in 2010, but he arranged a deal wirh on a privately run Suzuki tuned by former BSB rider Ray Stringer just a week before the opening round. After 2 races Walker was offered a ride in the MSS Kawasaki team when Simon Andrews was injured in a crash while guesting in World Superbikes. He returned to the Suzuki once Andrews was fit again, but raced for SMT Honda at Snetterton, scoring the team's best 2010 results of two sevenths and an eleventh in the process
Career statistics.
Stats correct as of 9 July 2012

</doc>
<doc id="2857247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857247" title="Cratesipolis">
Cratesipolis

Cratesipolis ( meaning "conqueror of the city"; lived 4th century BC), wife of Alexander, the son of Polyperchon, was highly distinguished for her beauty, talents, and energy. On the murder of her husband at Sicyon, in 314 BC, she kept together his forces, with whom her kindness to the men had made her extremely popular, and when the Sicyonians, hoping for an easy conquest over a woman, rose against the garrison for the purpose of establishing an independent government, she quelled the sedition, and, having crucified thirty of the popular leaders, held the town firmly in subjection for Cassander. In 308 BC, however, she was induced by Ptolemy, the ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt, to betray Corinth and Sicyon to him, these being the only places, except Athens, yet possessed by Cassander in Greece. Cratesipolis was at Corinth at the time, and, as her troops would not have consented to the surrender, she introduced a body of Ptolemy's forces into the town, pretending that they were a reinforcement which she had sent for from Sicyon. She then withdrew to Patras in Achaea, where she was living, when, in the following year (307 BC), she held with Demetrius Poliorcetes the remarkable interview to which each party was attracted by the fame of the other.

</doc>
<doc id="2857261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857261" title="Thomas Parnell (scientist)">
Thomas Parnell (scientist)

Thomas Parnell (5 July 1881 – 1 September 1948) was the first Professor of Physics at the University of Queensland. He started the famous pitch drop experiment there.
Thomas was born in Northants, England and died in Brisbane. He was educated at St. John's College, in Cambridge, and received his B.A. in 1903. He was a tutor at Trinity College, at the University of Melbourne, between 1904 and 1911.
He lectured physics at the University of Queensland between 1911 and 1918, and was a professor between 1919 and 1948.
In October 2005 he was posthumously awarded the Ig Nobel prize for Physics for the pitch drop experiment, along with the experiment's then custodian, John Mainstone.

</doc>
<doc id="2857270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857270" title="Bay Area Pelicans">
Bay Area Pelicans

The Bay Area Pelicans Rugby Football Club (RFC) is a men's rugby club in the Tampa Bay Area. The team was founded in St. Petersburg, Florida in 1977.
The team consists of non-professional players and is sanctioned by USA Rugby to compete in men's Division II. The Pelicans have won the Florida Cup several times (the last in 2004), and competed in the USA Rugby national championships on many occasions. The team is currently coached by Malakai Tubavuya (Malakai Delai) who has played for the USA Eagles at XV and 7's.
About Pelican Rugby Football Club Inc
Pelican Rugby Football Club Inc is dedicated to the promotion and development of the sport of rugby football in the greater Tampa Bay area. 
PRFC, founded in 1977, is the oldest active rugby club in Florida. The team attracts many players with and without rugby playing experience who enjoy the club's close-knit social fellowship and enthusiastic level of play. PRFC train new ruggers from scratch and regularly fields a ‘B’ team men’s side, a Summer 7’s team, an Olde Boys (35 and Older) side, an U19 youth team and plans are in place to start a women’s team. The club is registered with the national governing rugby body, http://membership.usarugby.org/PublicRosterRpt.aspx, and competes in the Florida Rugby Union (FRU) Division 2, which includes clubs throughout Florida.
Membership
All PRFC members are dues paying at all levels; Active Full, Social, Family, etc.
The club has diverse mix of nationalities with the majority being from the USA along with members from South Africa, Australia, England, Scotland, Wales, France and New Zealand.
Community Service & Social Events
Volunteers to support the Pediatric Cancer Foundation, and has adopted the PCF as the clubs official charity. 
Family Day & BBQ at Ft DeSoto Park, AGM, Awards Night, Host Gulf Coast 7's Tournament, Host Gulf Coast 10's Tournament
Club Organization:
Chairman - Peter Gibson
Secretary - Russ Boring
Treasurer - Craig Chalmers
Manager - Nick Fraser 
Recruiting Officer - Mark 'Speedy' McDonough 
Fixture Secretary – Gill Heagy
Tournament / Events Director - Mark 'Hawkeye' Hawkins

</doc>
<doc id="2857274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857274" title="Shigaku zasshi">
Shigaku zasshi

Shigaku zasshi (史学雑誌, literally, "Journal of Historical Science") is the oldest academic journal of history in Japan. It was established in 1889 as the official publication of the Historical Society of Japan (shigakkai) in Tokyo. It is published in Japanese with English abstracts.
History of "Shigaku zasshi" and the Historical Society.
The Historical Society of Japan was founded on November 1, 1889 and began publishing a historical journal entitled "Shigakkai zasshi" ("Journal of the Historical Society") on December 15 of that same year. In 1892 the name of the journal was changed to "Shigaku zasshi". Two professors of history at Tokyo Imperial University, Shigeno Yasutsugu and Ludwig Rieß were instrumental in founding the society and beginning publication of the journal. Ludwig Rieß consciously modeled the journal on contemporary European historical journals such as the "Historische Zeitschrift" in Germany, the "Revue Historique" in France, and the "English Historical Review" in England.
Shigeno Yasutsugu was also the only president of the Historical Society of Japan. He was president of the society from its founding in 1889 until his death in 1910. No successor has ever been appointed.
Contents of the journal.
The Journal consists of original research articles, reviews, and reports on academic trends in various fields. Although articles on Japanese and East Asian history are particularly well represented within the pages of this journal, articles on European and American history also have a visible presence. Articles devoted to topics outside of East Asia, Europe, and the US are relatively uncommon.
May issue.
The annual May issue of "Shigaku zasshi" is of particular interest to historians trying to keep up with recent historiographic developments in Japan. The May issue is devoted to review articles summing up recent developments in the academic field of history within Japan. A general assessment of the work of the previous year in the field of history is summed up in the recurring section "Kaiko to tenbō" (“review and outlook”), and articles devoted to more specialized areas follow. 
Articles in the May issue are divided by (1) region (2) period and (3) thematic subject (such as "intellectual history" or "economic history"). While the sections for region and period are relatively stable, the sections for thematic subject often change from year to year.
As an example of the geographic and chronological distribution of articles, the 2005 May issue contained 1 article on historiographic theory, 5 articles on Japan (divided by period), 9 articles on China (thinly divided by period), 1 article on Korea, 1 article on Central Asia, 1 article on Southeast Asia, 1 article on South Asia, 1 article on West Asia/North Africa, 1 article on Africa, 17 articles on Europe (divided by both period and country), and 2 articles on America (divided into North America and Latin America).
May issues of "Shigaku zasshi" from 1949–1985 are also collected in the volume, "Nihon rekishi gakkai no kaiko to tenbō" edited by the Historical Society of Japan and published in 1987 by Yamakawa Shuppansha.
References.
Mehl, Margaret. "History and the State in Nineteenth-Century Japan". New York: St. Martin's Press. 1998

</doc>
<doc id="2857280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857280" title="Cooksville, Ontario">
Cooksville, Ontario

Cooksville is a neighbourhood and unincorporated place in the city of Mississauga, Regional Municipality of Peel, in the Greater Toronto Area region of Ontario, Canada. It is located at the intersection of Dundas Street and Hurontario Street.
History.
Cooksville was an important stage coach stop along the Dundas highway, which was carved out of the wilderness after a survey by Asa Danforth Jr. in 1798. The first settler was Daniel Harris, an immigrant from the United States, in 1800, so the settlement was first named Harrisville.
Jacob Cook bought at the southwest corner of Dundas Street and Hurontario Street for $30 in 1819 and the settlement was renamed in his honour.
The entrepreneur won the contract to deliver the mail from York to Niagara, operated several stage coach lines, was the local magistrate and built the Cooksville House, the first licensed tavern in the area at the northwest corner of Dundas and Hurontario streets in 1829.
Cooksville grew in size and influence until the Great Fire of 1852 razed much of it.
A tornado hit the area on June 24, 1923 destroying mostly rural farmhouses around the town.
There was a 182 acre brickyard that sprawled south of the CP rail line from 1912 until its closure in 1995, employing many Cooksville residents over that period. The Italian Heavyweight champion boxer, Primo Carnera had worked at the yard for a short period during his youth. Today, the converted site is a medium density residential and retail zone along Shorline Dr., not far from the infamous 1979 Mississauga train derailment site at the CP crossing (Mavis & Dundas St. W.). 
Cooksville was the residence of HIH Grand Duchess Olga Alexandrovna of Russia while in exile in Canada. As well, Harland Sanders lived here when he was supervising the introduction of Kentucky Fried Chicken franchises in Canada.
Much of the growth that occurred in Mississauga in the 1960s before amalgamation was based around Cooksville. It is home to highest concentration of high-rise condominium and rental buildings in Mississauga, mostly on or close to Hurontario Street just south of the City Centre; many are home for newer immigrants to Canada. The area is also the main transportation hub in Mississauga, with GO Transit rail and bus service and express city buses to Toronto Union Station. The Mississauga Transit and GO Bus Terminal is adjacent to the north parking lot of the Square One Shopping Centre. 
The population of the area is highly diverse with people from originating from all over the world, over half are visible minorities. There is a plethora of South Asian and Arab textile/clothing shops, restaurants and grocery stores in the area. There is also a significant number of Afro-Caribbean take-out restaurants and barber shops; the area is known to cater towards Mississauga's black community because of the large number of barber shops in close proximity to one another. Nevertheless, the area is multicultural and most cultures are represented in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="2857292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857292" title="Knomos">
Knomos

Knomos is a workflow and knowledge management application primarily for law firms to handle their cases, with a focus on the legal systems of Europe.
It is an open source (GNU GPL), web-based application.

</doc>
<doc id="2857294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857294" title="Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election">
Manitoba Liberal Party candidates, 1995 Manitoba provincial election

Voters elected three Manitoba Liberal Party candidates to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in the 1995 provincial election. Some of the party's candidates have their own biography pages; information about others may be found here.
Burrows: Naty Yankech.
Yankech first campaigned for the Manitoba legislature for the St. Johns division in a 1993 by-election. She was a 46-year old licensed care giver, and ran a guest home for seniors with medical problems. She defeated Edson Sanecki to win the Liberal nomination, and lost to New Democratic Party candidate Gord Mackintosh in the general election.
Yankech charged her former campaign manager with sexual assault following this election. She said that her manager had attacked her in his van, pinning her to the seat and kissing and fondling her, and that she fought back by "pretending to relent and then striking back when he relaxed". She also said that she was initially in shock, and decided to remain silent about the matter. She went police in December 1993, and her manager was convicted after a two day trial. Yankech had the legal right to remain anonymous, but chose to inform the media of her situation. Former Liberal leader Sharon Carstairs praised her for her "courage and strength".
Yankech defeated Sandi Funk to win the Liberal nomination for Burrows in the buildup to the 1995 election. Funk had actively sought the support of Yankech's former campaign manager, whom she believed to be innocent. After her victory, Yankech declared, "I defeated my assailant". She lost the general election to New Democratic Party incumbent Doug Martindale.
Elmwood: John S. Petryshyn.
Petryshyn was born in Berlin, Germany, and moved to Canada as a child in 1948. He was a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Manitoba, and is a lawyer with the Winnipeg firm Luk Law.
He was elected president of the Manitoba Liberal Party in 1979, at age 33, defeating rival candidate Beth Candlish by almost one hundred votes. He served in this capacity until 1982, and was appointed to the Immigration Appeal Board of Canada the following year. The board was eliminated by Brian Mulroney's government in 1989, and replaced with the Immigration and Refugee Board. Petryshyn and other Liberal-era appointees were offered two year "temporary appointments" on the new board if they agreed not to make any claims against the federal government for their lost positions. In 1993, a judge found that Petryshyn and the others had been treated in an unfair and coercive manner by the Mulroney government.
Petryshyn later served as vice-president of the Ukrainian Canadian Congress, and as chairman of the Canadian-Ukraine relations committee. He announced the creation of the Canada-Ukraine Foundation in 1994, to finance projects in Ukraine. He is also active with Heritage Winnipeg.
He sought election to the Manitoba legislature in 1995, and lost to New Democratic Party incumbent Jim Maloway. He also made an unsuccessful bid for election to the River East School Board later in the year. Petryshyn was president of the Liberal Party's Winnipeg—Transcona riding association in 2003, and was one of 259 presidents who endorsed Paul Martin's bid to seek the party leadership.
In 2001, Petryshyn represented several Royal Canadian Legions in Manitoba in a lawsuit against the province and the city of Winnipeg over education taxes.
He was an international observer for the 2004 Ukraine presidential election and 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election, and has also overseen elections in Croatia, South Korea and Tajikistan.
Fort Garry: Jim Woodman.
Jim Woodman was a businessman and firefighter in Winnipeg. He was the general manager of Commission-Free Realty, which was involved in a bitter dispute with the rival Homeowners Private Sales Guide Inc. in 1999.
Woodman sought election to the Winnipeg City Council in 1992, and was defeated by Bill Clement in the division of Charleswood-Fort Garry. He attracted some controversy while seeking the Fort Garry Liberal nomination in 1994, after releasing a brochure that ridiculed Progressive Conservative incumbent Rosemary Vodrey. The brochure was written in the style of a school report card, and said that Vodrey was "liked by everyone and [...] considered Miss Congeniality by her classmates. Everyone agrees that she is a snappy dresser and a swell person to invite to a party". Many considered this to be patronizing, and party leader Paul Edwards agreed that it was inappropriate. Others believed that Woodman was unfairly criticized. During the election, he used an electronic system called "Pollstergeist" to reach a larger number of voters and obtain useful polling data. He finished second against Progressive Conservative incumbent Rosemary Vodrey. Woodman later served as Terry Duguid's campaign manager in the 1995 Winnipeg mayoral election.
Woodman died on April 22, 2004, from colon cancer caused by his work as a firefighter. His union, the United Fire Fighters of Winnipeg, sought to win retroactive workers compensation benefits for his family, noting that Woodman would have been covered had he lived in Alberta.
Point Douglas: Linda Cantiveros.
Cantiveros is a prominent member of the Filipino community in Winnipeg. She has been an international division director of Agrif Global Training, Inc., has worked as editor of the "Filipino Journal", and has served on the board of directors for the Philippine-Canadian Centre of Manitoba. She was a founding member of the Filipino-Canadian Business Council, and remains an active member of that organization. Cantiveros received 1,132 votes (23.05%) in 1995, finishing second against New Democratic Party candidate George Hickes.
In 2002, she endorsed Mike Pagtakhan's successful bid to represent Point Douglas on the Winnipeg City Council.
Portage la Prairie: Bob Turner.
A 2003 report from the Manitoba Association of Teachers of English lists Bob Turner as having thirteen years experience as an S2-S4 English teacher, and working at Arthur Meighen High School in Portage la Prairie.[http://web.archive.org/web/20040827193209/http://www.mbteach.org/sag%20brochure/MATE_25-27.pdf] It is likely that this is the same person. 
Turner received 2,117 votes (27.34%) in the 1995 election, finishing second against Progressive Conservative incumbent Brian Pallister.
Rupertsland: Harry Wood.
Wood emphasized the need to develop a regional economy in Churchill. He received 1,018 votes (23.00%), finishing second against New Democratic Party candidate Eric Robinson.
The Support Working Group of "Diabetes: A Manitoba Strategy" lists a Harry Wood of St. Theresa Point as a contributor. This is likely the same person.
Sturgeon Creek: Bob Douglas.
Douglas finished second against Progressive Conservative incumbent Gerry McAlpine.
Transcona: Ingrid Pokrant.
Pokrant was the leader of Alliance Action, a women's health group. During the 1995 election, she argued against the taxpayer funding of abortions. She refused to use campaign signs, describing them as environmentally wasteful and a visual blight on the neighbourhood. She received 1,216 votes (13.69%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Daryl Reid.
Wellington: O.T. Anderson.
Osmond Theodore "O.T." Anderson (died December 7, 2002) was a community activist, chemistry teacher and vice-principal in Winnipeg. He moved to Canada from Jamaica in 1959, and received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Manitoba. Anderson worked in partnership with Les Latinecz to promote multicultural policies in Winnipeg during the 1960s, and became the first chair of the multicultural council on the Winnipeg One School Division in 1977. In 1984, he was appointed by Bill Norrie as chair of the mayor's race relations committee. Anderson was also chair of the Manitoba Multicultural Resources Centre, and a two-time president of the Caribbean Canadian Association.
In 1990, Anderson served on a provincial council that examined the state of race relations in Manitoba. The council's report recommended that judges and politicians be required to attend sensitivity training courses, and called for the Manitoba Human Rights Commission to be given more powers. He later criticized a proposal made by the federal Liberal government of Jean Chrétien in 1994, in which the number of immigrants allowed into Canada would be reduced on an annual basis. Anderson said that the federal party had drifted too far to the right with this plan.
Anderson received 1,996 votes (28.47%) in 1995, finishing second against New Democratic Party incumbent Becky Barrett. He later remarked that no political party in Manitoba had done an adequate job of recruiting candidates from minority communities.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2857297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857297" title="FL (programming language)">
FL (programming language)

FL (short for Function Level) is a programming language created at the IBM Almaden Research Center by John Backus, John Williams, and Edward Wimmers in 1989.
FL was designed as a successor of Backus' earlier FP language, providing specific support for what Backus termed function-level programming.
FL is a dynamically typed strict functional programming language with throw and catch exception semantics much like in ML. Each function has an implicit history argument which is used for doing things like strictly functional input/output (I/O), but is also used for linking to C code. For doing optimization, there exists a type-system which is an extension of Hindley–Milner type inference.
Many of the language’s innovative, arguably important ideas have now been implemented in Kenneth E. Iverson’s J language. 

</doc>
<doc id="2857299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857299" title="A Small Place">
A Small Place

A Small Place is a part fictional and part autobiographical novel published in 1988 by Jamaica Kincaid. The work is an indictment of the Antiguan government, the tourist industry and Antigua's British colonial legacy. After experiencing a frustrating and complex childhood, Kincaid expresses her opinions about Antigua, a small Caribbean island. The book can be viewed as composed of two parts. In the first part, the narrator describes the typical tourism experience and how tourists perceive Antigua. In the second part, the narrator talks about colonial Antigua as remembered from childhood experiences and the legacies of colonial practices in present day, post-colonial Antigua.
Kincaid was born in Antigua then moved to the United States. Reflecting back to her childhood, Kincaid shares her ideas about the American and European inhabitants. In this poetic style of writing, Kincaid grasps the reader's attention by vividly raising questions in our minds as she describes her own.
History and Background.
In 1493 Christopher Columbus was on his second voyage when he spotted an island. He named the island Antigua after the saint Santa Maria de la Antigua. Sir Thomas Warner from England was able to colonize the island in 1632 by starting plantations that included tobacco and sugarcane. This brought slavery to the island whom were imported from West Africa and worked on these plantations. Antigua became known as the English Harbourtown for its great location in the Caribbean and harbors. In 1834 slavery was finally abolished, but their conditions only got worse with the “land shortages and the universal refusal of credit”. Antigua gained full independence on November 1, 1981. By 1990 the prime minister at that time Vere Bird, his son was removed from the public office for arms trafficking. The country also was having problems with money laundering. One of the worst things that happened to Antigua was in 2009 when the US Securities and Exchange Commission charged their biggest investor, Sir Allen Stanford, of investment fraud. This caused Antigua to lose its main source of money. The island is known as a tourist location, but the island suffered damaged after Hurricane Luis 1995 and Hurricane Georges 1998, and a lack of tourist after September 11 and the murder of a British couple on the island. Jamaica Kincaid’s novel can be seen as anti-imperialism because she brings up the issue of tourism and government corruption, both of which became prevalent after colonialism was abolished. She criticizes Antigua’s dependence on tourism for its economy. The hurricanes caused great damage and this can also be seen in the novel when she describes how great the library was before, but how the library was completely destroyed and left in rubles after the hurricane. Antigua was not able to fully recover after the hurricanes. It damaged and destroyed many building that were never renovated like Kincaid’s explains in the novel. Kincaid explains how many people in office were charged with all forms of corruption. Antigua was never able to recover to become what it used to be under the British government. They lack money and uncorrupt political officials.
Style of writing.
The way or style Jamaica Kincaid writes “A Small Place,” is a “point- of- view” perspective. She writes about different viewpoints to allow the readers to understand the different sides of her novel. In a way, it’s juxtaposed because Kincaid uses tourists and the Antigua people (workers) as a relationship of two different people that are experiencing life in a different point of view. Critics say Kincaid style is “intimidating,” because the way she writes is like she’s attacking the readers/ tourist but really she’s speaking in a perspective format, that isn’t personal, just a perspective. Her style understands; the history, the perspective, and political aspects to have great learning experience for any reader.
Based off Byerman’s article, it seems when Kincaid refers to “you” in the textbook, she is basically polemicizing. She writes in second person to get the readers attention about how every country is different and how the media cast about the beauty of countries when there are really corruptions in the system. 
Jamaica Kincaid’s style of writing has poetic forms throughout and it continuously tries to grasp the attention of the readers. The defining quality of her style of writing is the sensuality and simplicity she uses. She shows a love and appreciation of the content when she writes about the history of Antigua. Kincaid tries to achieve stylistic impact of writing through repetition and deceptive simplicity.
In her article ‘Jamaica Kincaid’s Political Place: A Review Essay’ researcher and professor of literature at University of Trento; Giovanna Covi’s talks about Kincaid’s art of writing being at its best in A Small Place as compared to her previous works of poetic fiction. Covi also talks about how, “the charm came primarily from shifting the reader’s perspective between autobiography and novel, between collection and series of short stories, in a continuous mixture of dream and reality. With a rocking-chair effect being obtained through a repetitive, child-like language whose lexicon and syntax were of the utmost simplicity.”
Major Ideas.
Tourism as a neo-colonial structure
The theme of tourism dominates the first section of “A Small Place”. Kincaid employs the perspective of the tourist in order to demonstrate the inherent escapism in creating a distance from the realities of a visited place. Nadine Dolby dissects the theme of tourism in “A Small Place” and places Kincaid’s depiction of tourism in a globalized context that justifies Kincaid’s strong feelings toward it. Dolby corroborates on Kincaid’s depiction of the tourist creating separation by “othering” the locale and the individuals that inhabit it. Furthermore, the tourist industry is linked to a global economic system that ultimately does not translate into benefits for the very Antiguans that enable it.
The tourist may experience the beauty on the surface of Antigua while being wholly ignorant of the actual political and social conditions that the Antiguan tourism industry epitomizes and reinforces. Corinna Mcleod also touches on this idea by pointing out the disenfranchising nature of the tourism industry in its reinforcement of an exploitative power structure. In effect, the industry recolonizes Antigua by placing locals at a disenfranchised and subservient position in a global economic system that ultimately does not serve them.
Racism and legacies of colonialism
While Kincaid expresses anger towards colonialism and the broken Antiguan identity that it has left in its wake, she avoids retreating to simple racialization in order to explain the past and present, for doing so would further “other” an already marginalized group of people. Kincaid sheds light on the oppressive hierarchical structures of colonialism, which is still evident in the learned power structures of present day, post- colonial Antigua.
While she indeed acknowledges the justifications of oppression based on race in England’s colonization of Antigua, she also attempts to transcend the notions of an inescapable racialized past. In doing so she attempts to shape readers’ view of Antigua by creating a sense of agency.
Critical Reception.
Positive Reception
Kincaid’s work has received mixed reviews, both positive and negative. Some of her overall reactions in the United States were characterized as immediate and enthusiastic. The anger that people felt from her attacking nature in her reading simultaneously left certain strength to her argument about the postcolonial condition of the Antiguan people by manifesting itself as an authentic and emotional account. She uses her anger about the situation as a way to definitively inform readers about the postcolonial Antiguan daily life. Being an enraged essay focusing on racism and the effects of colonialism, some people account for the most consistent and striking aspect of her work to be what critic Susan Sontag calls her, “emotional truthfulness." Sontag puts the reception in to critical terms with an eye towards the acuity of Kinkaid's writing when she says, "It's poignant, but it's poignant because it's so truthful and it's so complicated," Sontag says. "She doesn't treat these things in a sentimental or facile way."
Negative Reception
Some people ultimately identified her harsh and convicted attitude in her writing as the main cause for not putting it down. The first chapter, focusing on the actions and motives of tourists not just in Antigua but in general, left general readers who shared their thoughts on various blog sites, with a bit of a bad taste in their mouths. Some reacted with feelings of guilt due to the harsh criticisms of the tourists who came through Antigua while simultaneously appreciate that factual basis for which she wrote her book. Others, however, saw it as an over attack on the Antiguan people as well as those tourists who frequented her country. (In 1988, near it’s publication; Kincaid’s A Small Place received very negative reception not only in Antigua but also in the United States. Her text was criticized for it’s vitriolic attack on the government and people of Antigua. An editor of the New Yorker, Robert Gottlieb, considered Kincaid’s work to be too critical and ultimately refused to publish it. It was clear that overall, the book was not well received in Antigua, where Kincaid was actually banned for years due to her blatant critique of the Antiguan Government. According to one book written in response to Kinkaid's work throughout her career, "Jamaica Kinkaid: Writing Memory, Writing Back to the Mother" she was not only banned unofficially for five years from her home country but she voiced concerns that had she gone back in that time, she worried she would be killed. The reception taken from her book by the Antiguan people, and the people of the Caribbean; reflect the troubled way for which she depicts those groups in her writing. In one popular book, written after the outrage of feedback from A Small Place, Author Jane King of A Small Place Writes Back says, “Fine, so Kincaid does not like the Caribbean very much, finds it dull and boring and would rather live in Vermont. There can really be no difficulty with that, but I do not see why Caribbean people should admire her for denigrating our small place in this destructively angry fashion.” Moira Ferguson, a popular academic feminist writer stated that, “As an African-Caribbean writer Kincaid speaks to and from the position of the other. Her characters are often maligned by history and subjected to a foreign culture, while Kincaid herself has become and increasingly mainstream American writer” Overall, as for the negative reception of the novel goes, Kincaid has taken what some call a savagely critical gaze on her birthplace, focusing on tourism and corruption, and created a large resistance by the people.

</doc>
<doc id="2857303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857303" title="Jesse H Turner Park">
Jesse H Turner Park

Jesse H Turner Park is a public park in Memphis, Tennessee at the corner of South Parkway and Bellevue in South Memphis. Jesse H. Turner Sr. was a major civil rights champion and former president of Tri-State Bank in Memphis, Tennessee. Turner was the first African-American to attend a white high school in the Memphis area, graduating co-salutatorian from Christian Brothers High School in 1967. Jesse H. Turner, Sr. had a long and dedicated service to the NAACP, which began when he was a student at LeMoyne College. He became a longtime treasurer of the national NAACP organization. He was also the first black CPA of Tennessee, and the first black chairman of the Shelby County Board of Commissioners.

</doc>
<doc id="2857305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857305" title="Bubble Puppy">
Bubble Puppy

Bubble Puppy (also known as The Bubble Puppy) is a Texan psychedelic rock band originally active from 1967 to 1970. They are best remembered for their Top 20 hit, "Hot Smoke & Sassafras".
History.
Origins.
Bubble Puppy was formed in 1966 in San Antonio, Texas, by Rod Prince and Roy Cox who had previously performed together in the rock group called the Bad Seeds. Looking to form a "top gun rock band" based on the concept of dual lead guitars, a staple of southern rock that was highly unusual on the psychedelic music scene, Prince and Cox recruited Todd Potter, an Austin, Texas gymnast, saxophone player and guitarist. With the addition of Danny Segovia and Clayton Pulley, the original line up of Bubble Puppy was complete. The name "Bubble Puppy" was taken from "Centrifugal Bumble-Puppy", a fictitious children's game in Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World". Bubble Puppy's live debut was as the opening act for The Who in San Antonio in 1967.
After a few line-up changes (drummer Clayton Pulley being replaced by Craig Root, and the departure of Danny Segovia), the final roster for Bubble Puppy settled at Rod Prince and Todd Potter on lead guitars, Roy Cox on bass guitar, and David "Fuzzy" Fore on drums. In the spring of 1967, Bubble Puppy moved to Austin, Texas and signed a recording contract with Houston-based International Artists, home to the 13th Floor Elevators and the Red Krayola.
The use of dual lead guitars was pioneered by Bubble Puppy's Prince and Potter, as exhibited in live performances as early as 1967. 2 years later, English counterparts, Wishbone Ash and the USA's Allman Brothers, would begin using the same technique with great success.
Hot Smoke & Sassafras.
Bubble Puppy scored a US Top 20 hit in 1969 with their single, "Hot Smoke & Sassafras". The name was a misheard line lifted from an episode of "The Beverly Hillbillies". The single peaked at number 14 on the Billboard 100 and number 15 (RPM) in Canada. In addition, the song was at the top of many radio station playlists over the spring of 1969. The song was also covered internationally by MGMT, a popular American psychedelic rock band, and by The Mooche in the UK. 
In 1969, Bubble Puppy released their first full-length album, "A Gathering of Promises". However, despite Bubble Puppy's early success with the "Hot Smoke & Sassafras" single, they experienced numerous conflicts with International Artists, and parted ways with the label in 1970.
Demian.
Signing Nick St. Nicholas of Steppenwolf as a manager, Bubble Puppy moved to Los Angeles in 1970. Their name was changed to Demian (after Hermann Hesse's 1919 novel at the suggestion of their manager's wife); this was to avoid contractual difficulties with their previous record company but also because the former name appeared to link them with bubblegum music. 
The group signed to ABC-Dunhill Records and released one self-titled album in 1971, but its failure to perform on the charts led to financial difficulties with the label and the group's breakup in 1972.
Later years.
The members of Bubble Puppy continued to be active in the music industry after the band's demise. Potter and Prince played with Sirius during the 1970s, and Fore drummed with the Texas punk rock band, D-Day, co-writing their cult hit, "Too Young to Date". 
When Demian disbanded in 1972, Potter stayed in California, working as a session player, before joining and touring with Rusty Wier's Fabulous Filler Brothers.
Prince bounced around in different bands including Deadhorse Puppy, Manbeast, and The Prince Trio. With the addition of drummer Mark Evans and bassist George Rarey in 1979, Potter and Prince reunited in Sirius.
In 1984, the original Bubble Puppy lineup reunited for performances and recordings, and they released their second LP, "Wheels Go Round" in 1987. 
Roy Cox founded The Blues Knights and released two CDs: "Before I Go" in 1999, and "Road To Freedom" in 2001. He formed the NYC Outlaws in September 2007 in New York City, along with Tony Saracene on guitar, Dan Curley on guitar, Cody Willard on guitar, Evan Hammer on bass, and Billy Brooks on drums. Cox died on 2 April 2013.
Reunion/recent appearances.
On March 19, 2011, three of the original members of Bubble Puppy reunited for the first time in 25 years for a performance at The Austin Music Awards. The band also added Mark Miller (guitar) and Jimmy Umstattd (bass) to the line-up. David Fore met the two while playing in Austin cover band, the Kopy Kats. David and Mark also played together in the mid-70's in another popular Austin cover band, Zeus. In April of 2013, Gregg Stegall joined the line-up taking Todd Potter's place in the band. Gregg has a long-standing musical affiliation with Mark and Jimmy dating back from the early 1970s.
Bubble Puppy's recent live performances included appearances at the Texas Legacy Music Awards in San Antonio, Texas (4 September 2011); the Saxon Pub in Austin, Texas (30 December 2011); and Antone's Nightclub in Austin, Texas (13 July 2012), and numerous appearances at Threadgill's World HQ in Austin, Texas. Summer of 2013 finds the band booked in Austin, San Antonio, Houston, South Padre Isle, and at the 5th annual Utopia Fest on Sept. 20th. 

</doc>
<doc id="2857313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857313" title="British Empire and Commonwealth Museum">
British Empire and Commonwealth Museum

The British Empire and Commonwealth Museum () was a museum in Bristol, United Kingdom exploring the history of the British Empire and the effect of British colonial rule on the rest of the world.
The museum.
The museum opened in 2002 in Bristol's historic old railway station, designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel, following renovation and conversion costing £8 million. It is the world's earliest surviving railway terminus, which was completed in 1840 and includes the passenger shed and the adjoining former engine and carriage shed. It is over with timber and iron roof spans of , this Grade I listed building has been nominated as part of a World Heritage Site.
The museum had a flourishing publications department, producing books on aspects of colonial life such as the history of the Northern Rhodesia Police, and a register of titles of the regiments of the Honourable East India Company and East Indian Armies. The museum also held the collection of artefacts of the Commonwealth Institute; extensive still photograph, paper, film and oral history archives, and a costume collection.
The museum was also the home of the New World Tapestry.
Unlike many national museums in Britain, the BECM was not publicly funded, but owned and operated by a charitable trust; consequently an admission charge was in place.
Breaking the chains.
The museum's Breaking the chains exhibition, funded by a £1m Heritage Lottery grant to mark the 200-year anniversary abolition of the British Transatlantic Slave Trade by the Slave Trade Act 1807, was short-listed for the Art Fund Prize.
Closure and controversy.
On 23 November 2007 the museum announced it would be moving its core operations to London in 2008. The museum closed to the public in the autumn of 2008 and for school visits at the end of March 2009.
On 16 March 2011, the Museums Association announced that the Director of the museum, Gareth Griffiths, had been dismissed pending a police investigation into the unauthorised disposal of museum objects.
On 28 March 2012, the Museum announced that its planned move to London had been cancelled and that it would instead give its collection to the City of Bristol to display at the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery at a future date. The Old Station which had previously housed the museum was also given to the city, and may be used for future Network Rail services to London.
The unauthorised sale of hundreds of items from the Museum's collection was the subject of a BBC1 "Inside Out" programme on 10 December 2012 at 7.30 pm.
In a letter dated 22nd May 2013, they wrote to one of the lenders of items, ""Following a further extensive search for the items, I can now confirm that, unfortunately, we have only been able to locate one of the ten ... It is a matter of great regret that the Museum cannot locate the remaining items and I apologise on behalf of the Museum's trustees for this. I also confirm that the Museum has now completed the transfer of the artefacts it held to the British Empire & Commonwealth Trust (held by Bristol City Council) and the Museum has now moved out of its premises and it is proposed that the company which operates the Museum will be wound down in the near future, with an intention to enter a Members Voluntary Liquidation in July 2013.""
On 24 October, 2013, The British Empire and Commonwealth Museum and The Empire Museum Ltd were placed into "members' voluntary liquidation"; two employees of PricewaterhouseCoopers, Bristol, were appointed Joint Liquidators.

</doc>
<doc id="2857314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857314" title="Pulimamidi">
Pulimamidi

Pulimamidi is a village in India about 20 kilometers from Nalgonda in the state of Andhra Pradesh in Anumula Mandal on the Nagarjuna Sagar route. The river Halya goes through this village. 
History.
Pulimamidi is used as a last name by many families thought to have originated from this village. Pulimamidi families are in Bhuvanagiri Village of Nalgonda district.
Social & Political Life.
The main political parties are the Congress Party, Telugu Desam Party and the Telangana Rastra Samathi Party. With new scheme of our former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, this village got a good road connecting Nagarjuna Sagar - Nalgonda road. This helps the villagers to transport vegetable etc.
There is a Hanuman temple in the village where every year Sri Rama Navami is celebrated.
In addition to this Bonalu which is a unique festival in Telangana, Vinayaka Chaviti are also celebrated with huge participation of villagers. 
Recently the school has been upgraded and now children of villagers can study up to the 10th standard in their own village itself. There are many successful people belonging to this village who are in North America, Russia, Europe, South Africa settled in different professions.

</doc>
<doc id="2857316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857316" title="Schleicher ASW 15">
Schleicher ASW 15

__NOTOC__
The ASW-15, designed in 1968 by Gerhard Waibel and built in series by Schleicher, is a glass composite sailplane, with shoulder-mounted wings and all-flying tailplane. The placement of its single tow-release is a compromise between the ideal placement for winching and aerotowing. The later ASW-15B had several improvements, including a tow-release placed on the plane of symmetry, an 11 cm taller rudder, a slightly larger main wheel, and the provision of a 90 litre water ballast system.
Rot due to fungus infestation was found in an early example, leading to an Airworthiness Directive. Starting with serial number 356, balsa wood was abandoned in the construction in favour of synthetic foam.
In 1971 and 1972, the American pilot Karl Striedieck set world out-and-return distance soaring records three times flying an ASW-15, including one flight of 1009.854 kilometers on October 15, 1972.
It was succeeded by the Schleicher ASW 19.

</doc>
<doc id="2857318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857318" title="UTF-9 and UTF-18">
UTF-9 and UTF-18

UTF-9 and UTF-18 (9- and 18-bit Unicode Transformation Format, respectively) were two April Fools' Day RFC joke specifications for encoding Unicode on systems where the nonet (nine bit group) is a better fit for the native word size than the octet, such as the 36-bit PDP-10. Both encodings were specified in RFC 4042, written by Mark Crispin (inventor of IMAP) and released on April 1, 2005. The encodings suffer from a number of flaws and it is confirmed by their author that they were intended as a joke.
However, unlike some of the "specifications" given in other April 1 RFCs, they are actually technically possible to implement, and have in fact been implemented in PDP-10 assembly language. They are "not" endorsed by the Unicode Consortium.
Technical details.
Like the 8-bit code commonly called variable-length quantity, UTF-9 uses a system of putting an octet in the low 8 bits of each nonet and using the high bit to indicate continuation. This means that ASCII and Latin 1 characters take one nonet each, the rest of the BMP characters take two nonets each and non-BMP code points take three. Code points that require multiple nonets are stored starting with the most significant non-zero nonet.
UTF-18 is a fixed length encoding using an 18 bit integer per code point. This allows representation of 4 planes, which are mapped to the 4 planes currently used by Unicode (planes 0–2 and 14). This means that the two private use planes (15 and 16) and the currently unused planes (3–13) are not supported. The UTF-18 specification does not say why they did not allow surrogates to be used for these code points, though when talking about UTF-16 earlier in the RFC, it says "This transformation format requires complex surrogates to represent code points outside the BMP". After complaining about their complexity, it would have looked a bit hypocritical to use surrogates in their new standard. It is unlikely that planes 3–13 will be assigned by Unicode any time in the foreseeable future. Thus, UTF-18, like UCS-2 and UCS-4, guarantees a fixed width for all code points (although not for all glyphs).
Problems.
UTF-9 and UTF-18 are not likely to be put to practical use on modern computer systems, whose memory structure and communication protocols are based on octets rather than nonets. As such, these systems will generally use UTF-8, UTF-16 or UTF-32 instead to store and transmit Unicode text. However, UTF-9 and UTF-18 may be of interest to retrocomputing enthusiasts, who may use these schemes to represent Unicode text on PDP-10 and similar systems.
Furthermore, both UTF-9 and UTF-18 have specific problems of their own:

</doc>
<doc id="2857320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857320" title="Kenneth Brower">
Kenneth Brower

Kenneth Brower is an American nonfiction writer.
He is best known for his many books about the environment, national parks, and natural places, many of them in hundreds of libraries and by major publishers, including several titles in the series "The Earth's Wild Places" published by the Friends of the Earth in the 1970s. His most widely read book, on Yosemite, is in over 1200 WorldCat libraries. Many of his books have been published by the National Geographic Society. Several of his books have been translated into Japanese, German, Spanish, and Hebrew. He is the oldest son of the late environmentalist David R. Brower.
He is also known for being the author of "The Starship and the Canoe", a comparison of the lives of scientist Freeman Dyson and his 'rebellious' son George Dyson. According to WorldCat, it is in 553 libraries. It has also been translated into Korean, Polish, Japanese, and Chinese.
At a Long Now Foundation talk on October 5, 2005 an audience member asked Freeman if there were any questions he'd like to ask of his children George and Esther, who were together giving a talk. He answered that he was curious how George went from rebellious teenager to respected colleague. George answered that it was because of Kenneth Brower. Roughly, he said If you write a book describing a rebellious teenager about the only way they can then rebel is to become conventional.
A lesser known fact is that Kenneth Brower either helped his father David Brower or outright edited many of the Sierra Club Books from the famous Sierra Club Exhibit Format Series including "Navajo Wildlands" by Stephen C. Jett with photographs by Philip Hyde. These books helped raise public awareness about the destruction of various wild places, brought a rapidly increasing flood of new members to the Sierra Club and to the environmental movement in general, besides reinventing the photography book and helping to establish color landscape photography as a fine art.

</doc>
<doc id="2857335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857335" title="John Garcia">
John Garcia

John Garcia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2857337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857337" title="Robert O. Blake, Jr.">
Robert O. Blake, Jr.

Robert Orris Blake, Jr. is a career diplomat and United States Ambassador to Indonesia and former Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs. He is the son of Robert O. Blake, retired U.S. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
Diplomatic career.
Blake is a career Foreign Service Officer, having entered the Foreign Service in 1985. He has served at the American Embassies in Tunisia, Algeria, Nigeria and Egypt. He also has held a number of positions at the State Department in Washington. Blake served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Mission in New Delhi, India from 2003 to 2006.
Blake arrived in Sri Lanka on September 8, 2006 to take up his duties as Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and the Republic of Maldives. Blake presented his credentials on September 9 to Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa. In January 2007 he met with President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom to discuss renewable energy in the Maldives. In February 2007, Blake received minor injuries from a mortar blast while exiting a helicopter at a Sri Lankan air base in Batticaloa, where he was to attend a development meeting. Tamil rebels are believed to be responsible for the mortar attack. The Tigers claimed they were not informed by the government that the ambassador was present and were only returning fire from the Sri Lankan Army.
Blake was known to be engaged in the Sri Lankan civil society and practice what came to be known as "Public Diplomacy" which led some to label him as an interferer in internal affairs of the country.
Blake succeeded Richard Boucher when he assumed his duties as the Assistant Secretary for Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs on May 26, 2009. He was replaced by Nisha Desai Biswal on 23 October 2013 after being nominated by President Obama as U.S. Ambassador to Indonesia.
Personal life.
Blake earned a B.A. from Harvard College in 1980 and an M.A. in international relations from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS) in 1984. He is married to Sofia Blake. They have three daughters.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2857339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857339" title="Charles Lynn Batten">
Charles Lynn Batten

Charles Lynn Batten (born 1941) is an American literary critic and a professor in the department of English at the University of California, Los Angeles. He has won numerous teaching awards throughout his career at UCLA, including the "Distinguished Teaching Award" in 1981. [http://www.uclalumni.net/AlumniStories/Awards/past/DT.cfm

</doc>
<doc id="2857349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857349" title="Richard Colvin Cox">
Richard Colvin Cox

Richard Colvin Cox (25 July 1928 – last seen 14 January 1950) was a second-year military cadet whose disappearance from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York, in 1950 is still unsolved. He is the only West Point cadet who ever disappeared without being found dead or alive.
Background.
Cadet Cox was born in Mansfield, Ohio and graduated from high school in 1946, a year after World War II ended. The following year, Cox served in the Sixth Constabulary Regiment of the United States Army, situated at the time in Coburg, Germany. He was in the S-2 (intelligence) section of Headquarters Company within the Constabulary. Located near the recently created border between West Germany and East Germany, "the Constabulary's job," according to a military journalist and 1949 West Point graduate named Harry Maihafer, "was to man border posts and run patrols. Across the border, just beyond the barbed wire and minefields and less than a football field away, were frowning East German and Soviet troops, armed with submachine guns and constantly watching the Americans through binoculars and telescopic sights." Also serving in the S-2 section at the time (1947) was a mysterious army official who later used the name "George." Later in 1947, Cox applied for and received his appointment to West Point, arriving at the United States Military Academy Preparatory School (then located at Stewart Field near the academy proper) in January 1948.
A mysterious friend named George.
At 4:45 pm on Saturday, 7 January 1950, a man telephoned Cox's West Point classmate Peter Hains, the Charge of Quarters in Cadet Company B-2 (part of the North Barracks) who answered incoming calls for company members. Hains said later the phone caller's "tone was rough and patronizing, almost insulting." After Hains told the man that Cox was not in his room, the man replied, "Well, look, when he comes in, tell him to come on down here to the hotel. ... Just tell him George called – he'll know who I am. We knew each other in Germany. I'm just up here for a little while, and tell him I'd like to get him a bite to eat."
Later that evening Cox got the message, signed out in the Company B-2 Departure Book indicating he would have dinner off-campus, and met "George" in the visitors' area inside Grant Hall. The two men went to George's car, which was parked on the West Point campus, and drank from a bottle of whiskey while sitting inside the car. Cox returned to B-2, signed the Departure Book, took a shower, and slept off the effects of the alcohol. (His two roommates later revealed this.) At an indeterminate time that evening, Cox altered the military time he had written in the Departure Book, changing "1923" to "1823" to make it look as if he had attended the 6:30 p.m. cadet supper formation. In fact, he had skipped the formation. This detail was not discovered until two years later, when an agent of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command had the Departure Book examined in a laboratory. Cox remained at the military academy for a week without anyone's noticing his offense; if anyone had, Cox could have been charged with violating the Cadet Honor Code and likely expelled. "George" made a second visit to Cox on Sunday, 8 January, the day after their drinking bout. If Cox consumed alcohol on that occasion, no one noticed it and he never admitted it. (On Sunday morning before "George" arrived for the second time, Cox admitted to his roommates that he had drunk whiskey with his friend the previous day.) 
According to Harry Maihafer, one of three people who investigated the case decades later, "During the next few days, Dick Cox mentioned his visitor a few times, but never by name, even when asked. ... The man, Cox said, was a former Ranger, who liked to brag about having killed Germans during the war. He had even boasted about cutting off their private parts afterward. Another story he had told Cox was about having gotten a German girl pregnant and then murdering her to prevent her from having the baby." Around 6 p.m on Saturday, 14 January 1950, when "George" paid Richard Cox a third visit, the two men left the grounds of the academy and vanished without a trace. Throughout the 1950s the American media considered this one of the most mysterious missing persons cases in history. 
Richard Colvin Cox was declared legally dead in 1957.
The Jacobs Investigation.
Harry J. Maihafer's book "Oblivion" (1996) documents the investigation conducted by Marshall Jacobs of Cadet Cox, who "vanished without a trace" from West Point in January 1950.
Jacobs, a retired history teacher, began his research on the Cox disappearance in 1985. The more involved he became the more intrigued Jacobs became with Cox and the prior inconclusive investigations. It was inconceivable to Jacobs that after 35 years this mystery had not been solved. 
Jacobs thoroughly investigated the case, traveling all around the country following up on new leads and revisiting old leads. He interviewed Cox's family, friends, service pals, and classmates; CIA, FBI, and CID agents; and West Point and Army officials.
He researched West Point's archives and the files from the FBI, CIA, and CID investigations of Cox's disappearance, which he gained access to under the Freedom of Information Act. Jacobs conducted a comprehensive and thorough investigation that took him over eight years to complete.
When he was ready to reveal his findings Jacobs, admittedly not a writer, contacted Maihafer with hopes they could collaborate on a book. They did and the Jacobs investigation is revealed in "Oblivion."
Maihafer writes: "Jacobs decided he had learned all he was going to, and he accepted the fact that neither he nor anyone else would ever know the full story. It was gratifying, nevertheless, to know that Cox had lived an honorable, patriotic life in the service of his country. Richard Colvin Cox was a complex, talented individual, and Jacobs would have liked to have met him and to have had a long talk. This was not to be. All the same, the research project, which along the way had turned into an obsession, could justly be called a success. Marshall Jacobs had "found" Dick Cox and brought him back from oblivion. The files could be closed."

</doc>
<doc id="2857352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857352" title="Media in Cleveland">
Media in Cleveland

The following is a list of media in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
Radio.
AM.
c indicates clear-channel station<br>
d indicates daytime-only station
FM.
Gray background indicates station is licensed as non-commercial educational<br>
TV indicates low-power TV channel 6 station
Television.
As of 2013/14, Nielsen Media Research ranks the Cleveland-Akron television market as the 19th largest in the United States. On October 20, 2007, Cleveland became the first city in the United States to have all its commercial television newscasts produced in high-definition. WJW was the first in December 2004; WKYC joined on May 22, 2006; WEWS started on January 7, 2007; and WOIO joined on October 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2857354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857354" title="White Cliffs Solar Power Station">
White Cliffs Solar Power Station

White Cliffs Solar Power Station was Australia's first solar power station. It is located at White Cliffs, New South Wales, which was chosen as it has the highest insolation in New South Wales, and in 1981 when the station was constructed had no grid connection.
Constructed by a team from Australian National University, the station consisted of fourteen three-metre parabolic dishes, each covered by more than 2000 mirrors and mounted on a heliostatic mounting. The dishes each focussed the sun's rays on a collector, where water was boiled. The resulting steam drove a three-cylinder Uniflow steam engine, made by modifying a Lister diesel engine, delivering up to 25kWe. Batteries were used to provide 24 hour power to selected buildings in the township, and an existing diesel generator retained to provide battery charging when either low insolation or strong winds prevented use of the solar station for extended periods. 
In 1996, following grid connection of the township, the station was converted to photovoltaic. The dishes were resurfaced, and the original collectors each replaced by a cluster of 16 water-cooled photovoltaic cells. In its new form, the station delivers up to 45kWe. The steam engine, batteries, and diesel generator were removed, and the output fed into the grid.
The grid connected power station ran for around 6 years, generating valuable data on the long-term performance and efficiency of the modules. The power station ceased operation in December 2004 and has been resumed by the owner of the site.
In 2012 it was proposed to use the site as a museum. 

</doc>
<doc id="2857372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857372" title="Lamborghini Jarama">
Lamborghini Jarama

Lamborghini Jarama is a sports coupé which was built by Lamborghini between 1970 and 1976. It was designed by Bertone designer Marcello Gandini. Ferruccio Lamborghini was concerned the car would be thought to be named after the Jarama racing circuit near Madrid, while he meant the car to be named for the Jarama bullfighting region in Spain. In this way it carries a special double meaning.
History.
In 1970, Lamborghini had to redesign the Islero to meet new United States safety and emissions regulations. So instead of just redesigning the Islero Lamborghini made the Jarama, a mark 2 Islero. Lamborghini made the Jarama with a shorter chassis to meet U.S. standards. The Jarama's chassis was shortened only by 10.7 inches. The Jarama was now built on a shortened version of the same platform as the Espada. Even though the Jarama was heavier than the Islero, it had the same top speed. Two different models were made, the original GT (1970–1973) model having V12, and the GTS (also known as "Jarama S") (1973–1976) with its output upped to . Also, with the GTS there were a few minor body modifications and power assisted steering, removable roof panels, and an automatic transmission became available as options. A total of 328 Jaramas were built.
Ferruccio Lamborghini's personal Jarama GTS is on display at the official Lamborghini museum at the company's factory in Sant'Agata Bolognese, Italy.
It is easy to confuse the Iso Lele and the Lamborghini Jarama as their external design is largely the same, as both were designed by Marcello Gandini.

</doc>
<doc id="2857391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857391" title="Stations of the Exodus">
Stations of the Exodus

The Stations of the Exodus is the list of 42 locations visited by the Israelites following their exodus from Egypt (, with variations in Exodus and Deuteronomy). Biblical commentators like St Jerome in his "Epistle to Fabiola", Bede and St Peter Damian discussed them according to the Hebrew meanings of their names. Dante models the 42 chapters of the "Vita Nuova" on them.
Under the documentary hypothesis, the list is believed to have originally been a distinct and separate source text. In this hypothesis, it is believed that the redactor, in combining the Torah's sources, used parts of the Stations list to fill out awkward joins between the main sources. The list records the locations visited by the Israelites, during their journey through the wilderness, after having left Egypt. Consequently, the parts which were inserted to join up the sources appear in suitable locations in the Book of Exodus and the Book of Numbers.
However, a slightly variant version of the list appears in full at Numbers 33, and several parts of the journey described in the full list, most noticeably the journey from Sinai to Zin, do not appear in the fragmented version. It is tempting to suggest that the journey from Sinai to Zin was cut out of the fragmented version due to a copying error caused by the similarity in sound of "Sinai" and "Zin". However, as there are 42 locations in the full list, and the Israelites were said to have been in the desert for 40 years, it is possible that several locations in the full list were added to the list of destinations as a literary device. 
Both versions of the list contain several brief narrative fragments. For example "...And they came to Elim, where there were twelve wells of water, and seventy date-palms...". It is the matter of some debate as to how much of the narrative is part of the original text of the list, and how much is extra detail added into it by the redactor.
The situation also occurs in reverse, where some brief texts, within parts of the list, and ascribed to the redactor, are usually regarded as not being part of the list of stations, albeit without much conviction. This is particularly true for , which references unknown events in the lost Book of the Wars of the Lord, and , describing the digging of the well at Beer.

</doc>
<doc id="2857396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857396" title="Matthew Breen (journalist)">
Matthew Breen (journalist)

Matthew Breen is an American journalist and editor living in New York, NY, United States. He is the editor-in-chief of "The Advocate", a national LGBT news magazine.
Breen is also deputy editor at "Out". He was previously a freelance film critic, and the program director for the 2001 Austin Film Festival, and an associate film programmer for the 2002 IFP/West Los Angeles Film Festival, and media manager for the 1998 and 1999 Sundance Film Festivals.

</doc>
<doc id="2857411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857411" title="Norman Packard">
Norman Packard

Norman Harry Packard (born 1954 in Billings, Montana) is a chaos theory physicist and one of the founders of the Prediction Company and ProtoLife. He is an alumnus of Reed College and the University of California, Santa Cruz. Packard is known for his contributions to both chaos theory and cellular automata. He also coined the phrase "the edge of chaos".
Biography.
Between 1976 and 1981, he worked with fellow graduate students in Santa Cruz, California, forming the Eudaemons collective with J. Doyne Farmer and others, to develop a strategy for beating the roulette wheel using a toe-operated computer. The computer could, in theory, predict in what area a roulette ball would land on a wheel, giving the player a significant statistical advantage over the house. Although the project itself was a success, they ran into great practical difficulty employing the technique on-site in Las Vegas casinos, and many of the members left to pursue other fields of academia. The experiences of Norman, Doyne Farmer, and crew were later chronicled in the book "The Eudaemonic Pie" (1985) by Thomas Bass. Their experience was also chronicled on the television series "Breaking Vegas."
Around the same time, he formed the Dynamical Systems Collective with friends Rob Shaw, Doyne Farmer, and James Crutchfield. The collective was best known for its work in probing chaotic systems for signs of order.
In 1982, Packard left Santa Cruz for France to take a post-doctoral fellowship at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques in Bures-sur-Yvette, France. He left after one year and joined the Institute for Advanced Study. At the IAS, he worked with Stephen Wolfram and friend Rob Shaw to explain cellular automata and the tendency for matter to organize itself.
Center for Complex Systems Research.
in 1985 Packard moved with Wolfram to the physics department of University of Illinois, where he eventually became an associate professor, and where he was a founding member of the Center for Complex Systems Research.
Santa Fe Institute.
Packard was involved with the Santa Fe Institute over many years, in several capacities including external professor and member of the science steering committee.
Prediction Company.
In the spring of 1985, Packard and Doyne Farmer realized that their research in fields such as chaos, Genetic Algorithms and cellular automata could help build a system for predicting the stock market. Five years later they founded Prediction Company, a small company dedicated to making a model for predicting what a market would do during a certain time period. A brief outline of some of the genetic algorithm techniques he used in the early days is presented in chapter 2 of reference 5 below. In 2004, Prediction Company received the "Employer of Choice" award in the small size category for the State of New Mexico. The company still exists today as a subsidiary of Swiss bank UBS AG.
European Center for Living Technology.
Packard was one of the founders of the European Center for Living Technology (ECLT), hosted the University of Venice, Ca' Foscari. The ECLT was received its first funding from PACE (Programmable Artificial Cell Evolution), a project funded by the European Union. From its inception in 2004 through 2012, Packard has served on its science board, and as co-director.
ProtoLife.
In 2004, Packard founded ProtoLife, the first company to capitalize on living technology. The goal of the company is to optimize complex chemical reactions and other complex processes. The company was launched in Venice, Italy, and is currently based in San Francisco.
Lucky Sort.
In 2011 Packard joined Lucky Sort as Chief Science Officer. At Lucky Sort he guides research to discover and display structure in high volume text data streams.

</doc>
<doc id="2857412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857412" title="Norifumi Abe">
Norifumi Abe

, or was a Japanese motorcycle road racer who was previously a 500 cc/MotoGP rider.
Biography.
Abe was born to , an Auto Race rider, in Tokyo. When he was eleven, Abe began racing minibikes and spent his earlier career competing in motocross. He turned to road racing when he was fifteen and also competed in the United States. In 1992, Abe was the runner up in the 250 cc category for the domestic National A championship. The following year at the All Japan Road Race Championship, Abe won the 500 cc title in the category's final year and became the youngest title winner.
In 1994, while racing in his home championship, Abe had a chance to race at the 1994 Japanese Grand Prix as a "wild card". He shocked the field by challenging for the win until three laps from the finish before falling off. Abe's performance impressed Kenny Roberts's Yamaha team, and was offered two more rides that year which yielded two 6th places and earned him a full-time Grand Prix ride for the 1995 season. This performance also so impressed a 14 year old Valentino Rossi, that he took on the nickname "Rossifumi" and used it in his early career in deference to such a committed and spectacular racer.
Abe took his first podium finish in 1995, and his first win and 5th overall in the championship a year later. His team in 1997 was run by another former champion, Wayne Rainey, and Abe took regular points finishes over the next two seasons, including four podiums. He joined the d'Antin Antena 3 team in 1999, won at Rio de Janeiro that year, and won again at Suzuka a year later. Abe spent two seasons on less competitive machinery, yet his race results ensured his 100% record of top 10 championship finishes continued.
However, 2002 was the first year of MotoGP regulations, and Abe did not get on well with the four-stroke machinery. As such, when D'Antin switched over to the Yamaha YZR-M1 for 2003, Abe left the team and acted as a factory test rider and occasional wild card racer for Yamaha. He got another chance on the Tech 3 Yamaha team for 2004, but was unsuccessful, and was moved to Yamaha's returning Superbike World Championship squad for 2005. Despite having less factory support than Noriyuki Haga and Andrew Pitt, Abe finished in the championship top 10. In 2006 he was less competitive, failing to score a podium.
In 2007, Abe competed in the All Japan Superbike Championship, again on a Yamaha.
Death.
On October 7, 2007 while riding a 500 cc Yamaha T-Max scooter in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Abe was involved in a traffic accident with a truck, which made an illegal U-turn in front of him, at 6:20pm local time. He was pronounced dead two and a half hours later at 8:50pm at the hospital where he was taken for treatment.

</doc>
