<doc id="2861370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861370" title="Liaoshen Campaign">
Liaoshen Campaign

The Liaoshen Campaign (), the abbreviation of Liaoning-Shenyang Campaign, was part of the three major campaigns along with Huaihai Campaign and Pingjin Campaign launched by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) during the late stage of the Chinese Civil War. This engagement is known in the Nationalist Government as the Battle of Liaohsi (Traditional Chinese: 遼西會戰). It took place between September and November 1948 and lasted a total of 52 days. The campaign concluded as PLA defeated the Nationalist forces in Shenyang, Changchun and Jingzhou, capturing all of Manchuria.
Background.
After the winter offensive of 1947 in Manchuria, the PLA have expanded into 13 infantry armies, one artillery army, 15 independent divisions as well as 3 cavalry divisions, approximately 54 divisions consisting of over 700,000 men in a field army. The Communist forces also had approximately 300,000 irregulars, effectively controlling 97% percent of the land and 86% of the population in Manchuria by August 1948. While the Nationalist government still had a strength of 44 divisions, a total of 550,000 men including the police force, the PLA had reached numerical superiority.
The Nationalist forces were isolated in Shenyang, Changchun and Jinzhou, none of which are connected to each other. In addition, the PLA had control of Jingha Railway, cutting off the supply line to Shenyang and Changchun. Since the supplies had to be airlifted with enormous difficulties, the Nationalist government were prepared to retreat from Changchun and Shenyang and withdraw to Jinzhou when necessary to prevent the PLA forces in Manchuria from entering Shanhai Pass.
Communist advance (12 September – 20 October).
Jinzhou.
On 12 September 1948, the PLA launched a series of attacks along the Jingha Railway and captured Suizhong, Changli, Tashan and Yixian, controlling the area between Jinzhou and Qinhuangdao.
Chiang Kai-shek arrived in Beijing on 30 September and assembled the 39th, 62nd and 92nd Army led by Hou Jingru to reinforce Jinzhou from Huludao. On 2 October, Chiang arrived in Shenyang and ordered Liao Yaoxiang and the 9th Army to reinforce Jinzhou from the west to break the encirclement on Jinzhou.
By 3 October, the Communist forces have assembled 250,000 men and began to encircle Jinzhou. Between 10 and 15 October, the Nationalist forces attempted to reinforce Jinzhou but were stopped in Tashan.
On 14 October, the Communist forces launched the final assault on Jinzhou. The city was captured in the next evening, along with Nationalist commander Fan Hanjie and 80,000 troops.
Changchun.
Changchun have been encircled for more than five months prior to the campaign. Already weakened by starvation, the Nationalist garrison were unable to break out of the city despite of the order from Chiang Kai-shek. With the fall of Jinzhou, the 60th Army defected on 17 October, and the New 7th Army surrendered on 19 October.
The remaining Nationalist forces surrendered on 21 October, and the Communist forces had captured Changchun.
Nationalist counter-offensive (21 October – 28 October).
Heishan.
After the Nationalist forces suffered heavy losses in Jinzhou and Changchun, Chiang Kai-shek intended to stage a counteroffensive and ordered Liao Yaoxiang and the 9th Army Group to recapture Jinzhou. However, Liao and other senior officers contested the decision.
On 16 October, the Nationalist high command reached consensus and decided to capture Heishan and Dahushan instead, and then retreat south to Yingkou. The decision was approved by Chiang, and on 21 October the 9th Army Group launched an attack on Heishan.
The Communist forces successfully defended Heishan and Dahushan, and the Nationalist forces were unable to make any progress. The 9th Army Group were subsequently encircled and defeated as they failed to retreat to Yingkou.
Fall of Shenyang (29 October – 2 November).
The PLA began to encircle Shenyang on 29 October. Facing imminent destruction, Nationalist commander Wei Lihuang left Shenyang on 30 October.
On 1 November， the Communist forces launched the final assault on Shenyang. The Nationalist garrison had surrendered the next day, and the city was captured. That same day, Yingkou fell to the Communist forces. The remaining Nationalist forces were lifted off to Huludao. The Liaoshen Campaign had concluded.
Aftermath.
After the fall of Shenyang, the Nationalist forces in Huludao area were evacuated to Tianjin and Shanghai. The PLA now occupy all of Manchuria.
Manchuria was the major source of raw materials and heavy industry for the Nationalist government. The Nationalist forces suffered heavy losses in the defeat, which significantly reduced the military morale. The PLA were numerically superior for the first time since the onset of the war.

</doc>
<doc id="2861373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861373" title="Tom Long (actor)">
Tom Long (actor)

Tom Long (born 3 August 1968) is an Australian film and television actor.
Early life.
Long was born on 3 August 1968 in the United States when his Australian parents were there at the time, and grew up on a farm near Benalla, Victoria. He worked as a jackaroo and shearer after high school, before heading overseas.
After returning to Australia, Long successfully auditioned for a place at the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA), graduating in 1994.
Career.
Long has appeared in several Australian television series, most notably the ABC hit "SeaChange" (1998–2000) and the Nine Network police drama "Young Lions" (2002). He appeared in the Australian films "Two Hands" (1998) and "The Dish". Long played Brenden Abbott in the 2003 telemovie, "The Postcard Bandit" and appeared in the film "The Book of Revelation".

</doc>
<doc id="2861374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861374" title="Apartment 3-G">
Apartment 3-G

Apartment 3-G is an American newspaper soap opera comic strip about a trio of career women who share the eponymous Apartment 3-G in Manhattan. Created by Nicholas P. Dallis with art by Alex Kotzky, the strip began May 8, 1961, initially distributed by the Publishers Syndicate, which later merged with King Features Syndicate. 
Characters and story.
The strip's situations and characters were influenced by the pioneering soap opera strip "Mary Worth" and Rona Jaffe's bestselling 1958 novel "The Best of Everything".
The three main characters are Margo Magee, a brunette who has variously held positions as a secretary, actors' agent, publicist and event planner; Abigail "Tommie" Thompson, a redheaded nurse; and Lu Ann Powers née Wright, a blonde art teacher and widow of a U.S. Air Force pilot. Kindly neighbor Professor Aristotle Papagoras serves as a father figure. Lu Ann, originally single, met her husband and married in the 1960s, after which she moved out of the apartment to be replaced by another blonde, Beth. Lu Ann's husband was killed in Vietnam, and she eventually moved back into the apartment.
The appearances of the three main characters are loosely based on real actors. Tommie is based on Lucille Ball, Margo on Joan Collins and Lu Ann on Tuesday Weld.
Creative team.
Alex Kotzky, who drew and inked in a tight and crisp realistic style, was the artist of "Apartment 3-G" for more than 30 years. When Dallis died in 1991, Kotzky began writing the strip. With Kotzky's death in 1996, his son, Brian Kotzky, took over as the "Apartment 3-G" artist, and Lisa Trusiani became the scripter. In 2000, Frank Bolle stepped in as the illustrator when Brian Kotzky left to become a teacher. Writer Margaret Shulock later succeeded Trusiani.
Dallis, formerly a psychiatrist, also created the soap opera comic strips "Rex Morgan, M.D." and "Judge Parker".
Awards.
Alex Kotzky received the 1968 National Cartoonists Society's Story Comic Strip Award for his work on "Apartment 3-G".

</doc>
<doc id="2861375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861375" title="Elliot Caplin">
Elliot Caplin

Elliot Caplin (December 25, 1913 - February 20, 2000) was a comic strip writer best known as the co-creator (with Stan Drake) of "The Heart of Juliet Jones". His name is sometimes spelled with one extra letter: Elliott A. Caplin. He was the younger brother of Al Capp, creator of "Li'l Abner".
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Caplin graduated from Ohio State University in 1936. Beginning in 1937, he was employed as a writer for King Features Syndicate. He entered the comic book field as editor of "True Comics" for the Parents Magazine Institute. By 1940, he was an editorial director with the magazine "Parents", leaving during World War II to serve with the Navy in the South Pacific. In the post-WWII years, he returned to "Parents", continuing as an editor there until 1948.
Caplin co-created the strips "Dr. Bobbs," "Peter Scratch" and "Big Ben Bolt" and served as writer for strips by others, including "Abbie an' Slats", "Long Sam" and "Little Orphan Annie".
He founded the comic book publisher Toby Press, which operated from 1949 to 1955.
Theater.
In the early 1970s, Caplin wrote "Meegan’s Game", a play about arrested adolescence. Directed by Paul E. Davis, it had a 1974 workshop production for several weekends at the Cricket Theatre on Second Avenue in an effort to interest potential backers. The play was eventually produced in 1982. Among his many other plays are "A Nickel for Picasso," a fictionalized account of his brother losing his leg. He also wrote a book about his brother, "Al Capp Remembered."
Caplin lived in Larchmont, NY, with his wife Ruth and their three children, Donald, Joan and Toby. He died in Stockbridge, Massachusetts in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2861376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861376" title="Nicholas P. Dallis">
Nicholas P. Dallis

Nicholas Peter Dallis (December 15, 1911 - July 6, 1991), known as Nick Dallis, was an American psychiatrist turned comic strip writer, creator of the soap opera-style strips "Rex Morgan, M.D.", "Judge Parker" and "Apartment 3-G". Separating his comics career from his medical practice, he wrote under pseudonyms, Dal Curtis for "Rex Morgan, M.D." and Paul Nichols for "Judge Parker". 
Born in New York City, Nick Dallis grew up on Long Island. He graduated from Washington & Jefferson College in 1933 and from Temple University's medical school in 1938 and married a nurse, Sarah Luddy. He decided to specialize in psychiatry, and after World War II, started a practice in Toledo, Ohio. Allen Saunders was chair at the time of the local mental hygiene center that invited him there, and in his autobiography, he recalled that Dallis approached him, as a well-known comics writer ("Steve Roper and Mike Nomad", "Mary Worth"), about "his desire to write a comic strip, one tracing the history of medicine. I told him that, commendable as his idea was, such a feature would not succeed. Readers want entertainment, not enlightenment. But a story about a handsome young doctor's involvement with his patients might be a winner." 
Comic strips.
After further conversations with Saunders on strip writing, Dallis successfully launched his "Rex Morgan, M.D" in 1948. Later, he found himself working more with troubled youth in juvenile court, and from his experiences there, he conceived a second strip focused on the legal world, "Judge Parker", which took off in 1952 and also became successful. Both strips were in the soap opera tradition pioneered by Saunders, as continuities in which each story was basically distinct. And yet they differed from "Mary Worth" in centering on male protagonists who counseled their clients with professional advice as well as intervening to help them with personal problems. In addition, Dallis did manage to work in education and enlightenment for his readers, as well as entertainment. In 1958, he retired from medicine and moved to Arizona, where he continued to author his comics. In 1961, he launched his third strip, "Apartment 3-G", about three young women sharing a Manhattan apartment. 
Dallis died in 1991, but all three of his strips survived over the years, and as of 2010, they continue in syndication. He was later remembered by his successor on two of his strips, Woody Wilson, as "a prince among men... educated, kindly, compassionate, talented and generous."

</doc>
<doc id="2861378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861378" title="John Loftus">
John Loftus

John Joseph Loftus (February 12, 1950) is an American author, former US government prosecutor and former Army intelligence officer. He is a president of The Intelligence Summit and, although he is not Jewish, a president of the Florida Holocaust Museum. Loftus also serves on the Board of Advisers to Public Information Research. He currently resides in St. Petersburg, Florida.
Early career.
Son of a Boston firefighter, Loftus was born in Boston, Massachusetts and is a graduate of Boston College (BA, 1971) and Suffolk University (JD, 1977). He served in the U.S. Army from 1971 to 1974, attaining the rank of First Lieutenant. He began working for the US Department of Justice in 1977 and in 1979 joined their Office of Special Investigations, which was charged with prosecuting and deporting Nazi war criminals in the US. Loftus' now-expired Web site claimed, "As a young U.S. Army officer, John Loftus helped train Israelis on a covert operation that turned the tide of battle in the 1973 Yom Kippur War."
Author.
Loftus is the author and co-author of several controversial books on Nazis, espionage, and similar topics including "The Belarus Secret" (1982), "Unholy Trinity: How the Vatican's Nazi Networks Betrayed Western Intelligence to the Soviets" (1992), "The Secret War Against the Jews: How Western Espionage Betrayed the Jewish People" (1994), "Unholy Trinity: The Vatican, the Nazis, and the Swiss Banks" (1998), "America's Nazi secret: An Insider's History of How the United States department of Justice obstructed congress by: blocking congressional investigations into famous American families who funded Hitler, Stalin and Arab terrorists" (2010). Although Loftus' first book, "The Belarus Secret", is nonfiction, it was adapted into a TV-film, "Kojak: The Belarus File" (1985), with Telly Savalas. 
Radio talk show host.
Loftus previously had a radio show on Talkline Communications Network broadcast live every Monday and Tuesday from 11 pm to midnight EST in New York City, northern New Jersey, southern Connecticut, and Miami and Pompano Beach, Florida. His co-host was John Batchelor.
Social critic.
Loftus serves as a media commentator, appearing regularly on ABC National Radio and Fox News. He also writes regularly for "Ami", an Orthodox Jewish weekly newsmagazine.
On August 7, 2005, he provided the United States address of an alleged terrorist named Iyad K. Hilal on Fox News. Only afterwards was it revealed that Hilal had left the address three years previously and the home was now owned by a family, which was then subjected to threats and vandalism and required police protection as a result of Loftus' words. Fox terminated Loftus's contract to commentate after the event. Loftus said "I thought it might help police in that area now that we have positively identified a terrorist," but he did not say why he did not contact police in a more direct manner. Loftus apologized for the mistake and expressed frustration about "one federal inaction on an earlier tip he had given them years ago due to the same address.

</doc>
<doc id="2861396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861396" title="Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon">
Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon

Jaime Mirtenbaum Zenamon (1953- ) is a classical guitarist and composer. He was born in La Paz, Bolivia, and studied guitar and composition in Israel, Spain and Portugal as well as in South America. He taught at the Berlin Academy of Music from 1980 to 1992. He now lives in Curitiba, Brazil.
In addition to advanced concert repertoire, he has written a number of pieces for beginning and intermediate guitar students, some of which have been included in collections of student repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="2861398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861398" title="Constantino Teixeira">
Constantino Teixeira

Constantino Teixeira was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 15 July 1978 to 27 September 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2861403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861403" title="Montdidier">
Montdidier

Montdidier is the name of several communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="2861405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861405" title="Axedale">
Axedale

Axedale is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the McIvor Highway, in the City of Greater Bendigo, east of Bendigo. It was surveyed and proclaimed in 1861. At the 2011 census, Axedale had a population of 571.
The town is nestled alongside the Campaspe River which feeds out of Lake Eppalock (about 20 minutes drive away). It has a golf course, tennis courts, a school, a pub and a convenience store/petrol station and a small community of artists. It lies between Heathcote and Bendigo.
The Post Office opened on 21 April 1862. A Post Office nearby named Axe Creek Railway Station opened on 1 March 1889 when the railway arrived (named Longlea in 1904 and closing in 1989).
The town is the current end point of the O'Keefe Rail Trail, although as of 2014 a pedestrian/cycle bridge has been completed, crossing the Campaspe River, and work is continuing on extending the rail trail from Axedale to Heathcote. As part of the Campaspe River crossing, an underpass for the Rail Trail was also built under the McIvor Highway.
Golfers play at the Axedale Golf Club on Mitchell Street.
External links.
Axedale Our Town Our Future
Axedale Tavern
Axedale Golf Club

</doc>
<doc id="2861418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861418" title="Roye">
Roye

Roye is the name or part of the name of several communes in France as well as a surname in some communities in India especially in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka in South India (not to be confused with Roy which is common in East India and especially West Bengal and which has a completely different history): 

</doc>
<doc id="2861420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861420" title="Peter Cunnah">
Peter Cunnah

Peter Cunnah (born 30 August 1966 in Londonderry, Northern Ireland) is best known as lead singer and songwriter with 1990s dance-pop duo, D:Ream.
D:Ream.
Prior to forming D:Ream, he was lead guitarist with Belfast based band Tie the Boy who were briefly signed to the Mother Records label owned by U2. When that deal foundered soon after the band's move from Belfast to London, in-fighting amongst the members of that band led rapidly to its split.
Finding himself in the heart of London's clubland, Cunnah, already a producer, originally conceived D:Ream as a way of re-using songs from his previous band. With little by way of support in London, he teamed up with DJ Al Mackenzie on a series of dance records by a 'faceless' dance act which would be fronted live and on-record by a diva, leaving Cunnah free to concentrate on songwriting and production and Mackenzie free to concentrate on building a DJ reputation. He has also produced the YouTube star Ben Kelly, a contestant on The Voice UK.
However, after a live date when Cunnah stepped up to sing, he found himself enjoying and rapidly remodelled the D:Ream concept around his own vocals. Initially performing as a duo, they received acclaim in clubs and found management and record and publishing deals.
Solo work.
Cunnah subsequently developed solo and collaborative material while working as a writer and producer behind the scenes. He sang lead vocals on Chicane's 2003 single "Love on the Run", which reached No.33 in the United Kingdom and No.43 in Ireland. Cunnah also helped compose music for the anime "InuYasha".
Recently, Cunnah has returned to live performances with a new guitar-based band, Shane (band) whose debut single "The Weight of This" was released in May 2006. Shane sees Peter going back to his roots. He has two old friends in the band - Paul Greendale on guitar and Mark Roberts on drums. He knows Mark from their time in the rock band Tie The Boy which they formed in their teens.
It has been rumoured that Cunnah is set to do a duet with David Lorigan in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2861434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861434" title="Wavell Heights, Queensland">
Wavell Heights, Queensland

Wavell Heights is a Brisbane suburb located north of the Brisbane central business district. It is named after Field Marshal Lord Wavell who was the Commander-In-Chief of the Allied Forces in the Middle East during the Second World War. 
In 1941 the Brisbane City Council requested that the area commonly known as West Nundah be recognised as Wavell Heights.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Wavell Heights is 9,435, 51.7% female and 48.3% male.
The median/average age of the Wavell Heights population is 36 years of age, 1 year below the Australian average.
78.5% of people living in Wavell Heights were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 3.7%, England 3.2%, Philippines 0.8%, India 0.8%, Italy 0.6%.
87.8% of people speak English as their first language 1.3% Italian, 0.5% Tagalog, 0.5% Cantonese, 0.5% Mandarin, 0.4% French.
Facilities.
Community.
Wavell Heights is serviced by the Wavell Heights Neighbourhood Society Inc. which manages the Murray Duus park on Edinburgh Castle Road, Wavell Heights, including the subleasing of areas to a kindergarten, Karate club, girl guides, scouts and a lapitary club. The Society also manages a public tennis court and a community centre, consisting of a hall with two floors, stages and kitchen facilities.
The Wavell Heights Neighbourhood Society Inc. is unique in that it is the only organisation within Brisbane to manage a park precinct on behalf of the Brisbane City Council.
Schools.
Wavell Heights includes one public primary school, Wavell Heights State School, which opened in 1948 following a post-war expansion in Brisbane's northern suburbs. Through the 1950s and 1960s, the school grew to be a large primary school with over 900 enrolments, but during the 1970s, this number began to decline dramatically. By the 1990s, enrolments were as low as 210, but this number has since increased to over 300. 
In April 2011, one of the school's main classroom buildings was destroyed in an arson attack, one of several of which that have happened in public schools across Queensland.
Wavell State High School, is a public secondary school located in Wavell Heights. It has a population of around 1300 students, making it among the largest of public secondary schools in Brisbane's northern suburbs.
Wavell Heights also includes one catholic primary school, Our Lady of the Angels, which opened in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="2861444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861444" title="Jeremy Wells">
Jeremy Wells

Jeremy "Newsboy" Wells (born 7 June 1977) is a New Zealand television personality, most famous as the host of TVNZ's satirical news show, "Eating Media Lunch". He is currently a co-host of the Radio Hauraki breakfast show along with Matt Heath and Laura McGoldrick. 
Career.
Wells first appeared on television in 1997 on MTV. He later appeared with Mikey Havoc, as Newsboy, on Havoc's television show. After the conclusion of "Havoc", Wells and Havoc went their separate ways - Havoc fronting his own show on TV3 and Wells his for TVNZ, "Eating Media Lunch". He also presented the satirical "The Unauthorised History Of New Zealand" in 2005 and an episode of "Intrepid Journeys" in 2007. Wells' impassive, deadpan style has been called "newsnight-of-the-living-dead" by the "New Zealand Listener", though the same article claimed "Wells would be compelling viewing reading the phone book."
He became notorious in November 2003 when an episode of "Eating Media Lunch" featured a spoof of the current affairs programme "Target", who often would use hidden cameras to catch less than reliable tradepersons or workers. In it, the spoof depicted two actors as Target camera technicians in someone else's home caught on hidden camera in various degrading acts such as masturbation, defecation (on a kitchen stove), injecting and smoking drugs and phone sex. Also, one technician stripped naked and covered himself with cling wrap, and later urinated on the other technician. The spoof attracted several complaints from viewers, however in March 2004 the BSA (Broadcasting Standards Authority) of New Zealand found the episode had not breached any guidelines.
Wells and Havoc satirically labelled Gore the gay capital of New Zealand in 1999, during "Havoc and Newsboy's Sell-out Tour". Returning to the town to cover the 2008 election, Wells was confronted by a group of fifteen men angry over the comments. The group started harassing him at a petrol station, and followed him back to his hotel room. They harassed him for ninety minutes and he was trapped in his hotel room until the police were called.
Wells spent 23 days travelling with the 108 members of the NZSO in October 2010 and produced a documentary "The Grand Tour", a product of his own interest in classical music. The programme contains several interviews with the musicians and support crew, including Dame Kiri Te Kanawa.
Wells co-hosted "The Saturday Special" with Steve Simpson on bFM; the show continued when both hosts moved to Radio Hauraki. In 2014, Wells changed shows to become a co-host of the Radio Hauraki breakfast show, along with Matt Heath and Laura McGoldrick.
Personal Life.
Wells was born in Auckland, New Zealand, the son of sports administrator Sir John Wells. He was expelled from the exclusive Wanganui Collegiate School and later attended St Paul's Collegiate in Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="2861448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861448" title="Francisco Mendes">
Francisco Mendes

Francisco Mendes, "nom de guerre" Chico Té (February 7, 1939 – July 7, 1978) was a Guinea-Bissau politician. He was the country's first Prime Minister and held that position from September 24, 1973 until his assassination on July 7, 1978 under suspicious circumstances.
In the early 1960s PAIGC launched an armed struggle against Portuguese imperialism which would last more than a decade. After negotiations between Portugal and PAIGC in early 1974, Portugal granted independence to Guinea-Bissau despite PAIGC having declared unilateral independence nearly a year prior. 
The PAIGC-led government was headed by Luís Cabral, half-brother of the PAIGC co-founder Amílcar Cabral whose assassination in Conakry on January 20, 1973 remains a mystery. Francisco Mendes was appointed the country's first Prime Minister and in this role in the newly UN-member, Francisco Mendes was responsible for a series of Socialism-inspired development programs, and a four-year strive toward national reconciliation.
Although the causes behind his death on July 7, 1978 are still disputed, it is mostly accepted that PAIGC was involved in it. A widely accepted theory – though unverifiable as of 2006 – is that dissent among PAIGC leadership may have led to his assassination. 
As an African nationalist and a national figure in the struggle for independence, Francisco Mendes has been honoured both in Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde. In addition to his face being featured in 500 Pesos Guineense, many schools and streets bearing his name can be seen throughout Guinea-Bissau, and Francisco Mendes International Airport in Praia, Cape Verde was named in his honour. 
He left four children behind: Osvaldo Mendes, Valentina Mendes, Fanta Luisa da Silva Mendes, and Abel Augusto Mendes.

</doc>
<doc id="2861460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861460" title="Cooling curve">
Cooling curve

A cooling curve is a line graph that represents the change of phase of matter, typically from a gas to a solid or a liquid to a solid. The independent variable (X-axis) is time and the dependent variable (Y-axis) is temperature. Below is an example of a cooling curve used in castings.
The initial point of the graph is the starting temperature of the matter, here noted as the "pouring temperature". When the phase change occurs there is a "thermal arrest", that is the temperature stays constant. This is because the matter has more internal energy as a liquid or gas than in the state that it is cooling to. The amount of energy required for a phase change is known as latent heat. The "cooling rate" is the slope of the cooling curve at any point.
In the part of the curve where the temperature decreases, the kinetic energy also decreases while the potential energy stays the same. However, at the phase transition, where the curve is flat, the kinetic energy stays the same while the potential energy decreases.

</doc>
<doc id="2861464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861464" title="Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize">
Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize

The Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize for Biology or Biochemistry is an annual prize awarded by Columbia University to a researcher or group of researchers who have made an outstanding contribution in basic research in the fields of biology or biochemistry.
The prize was established at the bequest of S. Gross Horwitz and is named to honor his mother. The prize was first awarded in 1967.
As of October 2013, 44 (43%) of the 91 prize recipients have subsequently been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (33) or Chemistry (11). It is regarded as one of the important precursors of a future Nobel Prize award.

</doc>
<doc id="2861465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861465" title="Slovenian euro coins">
Slovenian euro coins

Slovenian euro coins were first issued for circulation on 1 January 2007 and a unique feature is designed for each coin. The design of approximately 230 million Slovenian euro coins (total value of approximately €80 million) was unveiled on 7 October 2005. The designers were Miljenko Licul, Maja Licul and Janez Boljka. The Mint of Finland was chosen to mint the coins through an international tender in 2007. Starting 2008, the Koninklijke Nederlandse Munt (Royal Dutch Mint) was chosen to mint the coins.
Slovenian euro design.
The Slovenian euro coins were the first to feature a new common side, with a new map of Europe on the bicoloured and Nordic-gold coins. For images of the common side and a detailed description of the coins, see euro coins.
1 Slovenia achieved independence under the zodiac sign of Cancer.
Future changes to national sides.
The Commission of the European Communities issued a recommendation on 19 December 2008, a common guideline for the national sides and the issuance of euro coins intended for circulation. One section of this recommendation stipulates that:
Since Slovenian euro coins place the indication of the member's name alongside the 12 stars of the union, a new design on the Slovenian euro coins is expected in the near future to comply with these new guidelines, although nothing has officially been announced yet.
Commemorative coins.
Slovenia joined the Eurozone on January 1, 2007. In such a short time they already built a small collection of collectors coins, with face value ranging from 3 to 100 euro. Although they are all legal tender in Slovenia, these coins are not really intended to be used as means of payment, so generally they do not circulate (the only exception is the 3 euro coins which can be found in circulation although rarely).
Selection Process for the National Side.
The first stage of the selection process started in April 2004, involving preliminary discussions with numismatists, designers and experts. The general public was also invited through the mass media to participate in a public tender concerning proposals of motifs (132 tenderers proposed 699 motifs). A special expert commission (9 different individual experts and members of different institutions, including the Ministry of Finance and the Bank of Slovenia) dealt with the proposals and the process. The second stage of selection started when the Government of the Republic of Slovenia confirmed the commission's decision that invitations would be addressed to some prominent designers for the production of designs.
The commission invited five well-known Slovene designers. A special jury of reputable Slovene artists, designers, professors and connoisseurs of Slovene cultural heritage was appointed to review and assess the designs submitted for the Slovene euro coins. The commission of the Bank of Slovenia and Ministry of Finance unanimously agreed with the proposed selected designs prepared by Mr Miljenko Licul, along with Ms Maja Licul and Mr Janez Boljka. The Government of the Republic of Slovenia gave their consent and adopted the decision on 28 July 2005 to submit the selected design proposals for the national side of the Slovene euro coins to ECOFIN (Economic and Financial Committee) - Coins Sub-Committee, which acknowledged the compliance of the Slovene design proposals with European legislation on 5 October 2005.
Controversy.
The use of the Prince's Stone (, ) on the 2-cent coin caused a minor political stir in the Austrian State of Carinthia. The stone, a fragment of an ancient Roman column from nearby Virunum that was used in the ritual of installing the princes of Carantania and later of the Duchy of Carinthia, is kept in a museum in Klagenfurt (Slovene: Celovec), the Carinthian capital, where it is also considered a historical icon of the state. The Carinthian state government (headed by governor Jörg Haider) issued a resolution of protest on 25 October 2005, which was rejected as "not to be taken seriously" by the then Slovenian foreign minister, Dimitrij Rupel. However, there were also objections against its use on the Slovene side. On academic grounds, for instance, Peter Štih, professor of history at the Ljubljana University and member of the Slovene Academy of Sciences, argued that the Prince's Stone cannot be considered a Slovenian but rather a Carinthian historic symbol.

</doc>
<doc id="2861467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861467" title="La Mama Theatre (Melbourne)">
La Mama Theatre (Melbourne)

The La Mama Theatre is a theatrical venue located at 205 Faraday St, Carlton, Victoria. It was opened Betty Burstall in a former factory building on 30 July 1967. La Mama Theatre still operates today under the direction of Liz Jones, who took over the theatre as its artistic director in 1976.
The theatre, an initiative of founder Betty Burstall, was inspired by the "off-off-Broadway" theatre scene in New York City. Betty and her husband, film maker Tim Burstall, had just returned from a trip to New York and wanted to re-create the vibrancy and immediacy of the small theatres there. La Mama was modelled after the similarly named New York venue La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club.
I got the idea for La Mama when we went to New York in the sixties. We were poor. It was impossible to go to the theatre – even to see a film was expensive – but there were these places where you paid fifty cents for a cup of coffee and you saw a performance, and if you felt like it you put some money in a hat for the actors. I saw some awful stuff and some good stuff. It was very immediate and exciting and when I came back to Melbourne I wanted to keep going, but there didn't exist such a place. So I talked around a bit, to a few actors and writers and directors, sounding them out about doing their own stuff, Australian stuff, for nothing ... I decided on Carlton because in 1967 it was a lively, tatty area with an Italian atmosphere and plenty of students ... (Betty Burstall)
At a time when the production of Australian plays was almost non-existent (and financially risky), La Mama's non-profit organisation provided the venue for the performance of new experimental Australian theatre works.
The first play performed at La Mama was a work by a new Australian writer Jack Hibberd, entitled "Three Old Friends" (1967), whose most successful play "Dimboola" opened there in 1969. The production of Australian works at La Mama soon became a staple, and within the first two years of its life twenty-five new Australian plays had premiered there.
La Mama also nurtured new works by composers, poets, and filmmakers. The opening of the alternative theatre provided a home base for many important figures in theatre and film including Hibberd and Alex Buzo. It was also regularly used by underground performance troupe Tribe (who later collaborated with Spectrum). The theatre's house troupe, the La Mama Group, established by actor-director Graeme Blundell evolved into the Australian Performing Group.
La Mama's foundation marked the beginning of the emergence of a distinctly Australian style of theatre. La Mama also fostered a pool of talent that would flow on into many areas of the Australian arts – playwrights, actors, directors, technicians, musicians, filmmakers, poets and comedians. The theatre regularly screened new works by filmmakers such as Bryan Davies, Nigel Buesst, John Carnody, Bert Dehling and John Duigan, and other notable names associated with the theatre include David Williamson, Barry Dickins, Daniel Keene, John Romeril, Tes Lyssiotis, Helen Collins, Lloyd Jones, Judith Lucy and Richard Frankland.
It is located in a building which was built in 1883 for Anthony Reuben Ford, a local printer. The building has also served as a boot factory, electrical engineering workshop, and a silk underwear factory. The building is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.

</doc>
<doc id="2861470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861470" title="Borba (newspaper)">
Borba (newspaper)

Borba (Борба in Serbian Cyrillic) was a Serbian newspaper, formerly the official newspaper of the Yugoslav Communist League (SKJ). Its name is the Serbian and Croatian word for 'struggle' or 'combat'.
The newspaper was started in 1922 in Zagreb as the official gazette of the Yugoslav Communist Party (KPJ), a banned political organization since December 1920 that nevertheless operated clandestinely in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and later Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
History.
The very first issue of "Borba" was published in Zagreb on 19 February 1922. Functioning as the banned Yugoslav Communist Party's propaganda piece, the paper played in important part in disseminating information among the party members, activists, and sympathizers.
On 13 January 1929, a week following the proclamation of King Alexander's 6 January Dictatorship, "Borba" got banned.
During World War II "Borba" was published in the Republic of Užice. After the World War II liberation by the Partisans, its publication moved to Belgrade. 
After 1948, the newspaper was also published simultaneously in Zagreb. For a long time, "Borba" alternated pages in Serbian Cyrillic alphabet and Gaj's Latin alphabet in the same edition. 
In 2002, more than a year following the overthrow of Slobodan Milošević, "Borba" along with its distribution network got purchased by Serbian businessman Stanko "Cane" Subotić who bought the government shares in the paper. However, under Subotić, the daily "Borba" barely survived, printing no more than several hundred copies a day while according to business records, the company's monthly revenues never exceeded €30,000.
2009 short-lived revival.
Redesigned "Borba" got announced in December 2008 with Ivan Radovanović presented as the paper's owner after reportedly buying it from fugitive Serbian businessman Stanko "Cane" Subotić. Even before the first issue even appeared, there were accusations by vice prime minister Mlađan Dinkić that Subotić was still the paper's true owner with Radovanović only serving as the front man. 
Though announced for December, the first revived issue appeared on newsstands on 15 January 2009 under editor-in-chief Miloš Jevtović who came over from the state-owned news agency Tanjug. Content-wise, the paper's new format was conceived as something new on the Serbian print media market with no carried news wire items and press releases with only analysis of the current events as well as ongoing political and social trends. Editor-in-chief was replaced with Olivera Zekić. However, published by "Izdavačko preduzeće Novine Borba" using the Latin alphabet, the paper recorded poor sales (less than 3,000 copies per day) and ceased publication in October 2009 after less than a year.

</doc>
<doc id="2861476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861476" title="William Folger Nickle">
William Folger Nickle

William Folger Nickle KC (December 31, 1869 - November 15, 1957) was a Canadian politician who served both as a member of the Canadian House of Commons and in the Ontario legislature where he rose to the position of Attorney-General of Ontario. He is best known for the Nickle Resolution that ended the practice of knighthoods and peerages being awarded to Canadians.
Born in Kingston, Ontario, the son of William Nickle, Nickle was educated at Queen's University and Osgoode Hall. He was called to the Ontario bar in 1896 and set up a law practice in Kingston. He entered local politics and was elected to the school board 1904 and then served on Kingston city council from 1905 until 1908. 
He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1908 provincial election as a Conservative and served for three years until his election to the federal House of Commons in the 1911 federal election, as the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Kingston. He was re-elected in the 1917 federal election as a Unionist. 
Nickle was appointed to chair a special committee of the House of Commons to examine the question of the appointment of honours. There had been criticism in the press about a surfeit of knighthoods being created during World War I. In 1919, Nickle moved and had passed through the House a resolution calling for an end to the practice of Canadians being granted knighthoods and peerages. Nickle's detractors charged that he was bitter at having failed to get a knighthood for his father-in-law.
Later that year, he resigned his federal seat contending that the wartime Union Government should also resign and seek a post-war mandate to govern. Nickle returned to provincial politics and won a seat in the Ontario legislature in a 1922 by-election.
The Conservatives formed government following the 1923 provincial election. The new Premier of Ontario, George Howard Ferguson, appointed Nickle to cabinet as Attorney-General of Ontario. Nickle resigned from Cabinet in October 1926 when Premier Ferguson announced his plan to repeal the Ontario Temperance Act and allow liquor sales. He ran as an Independent on a prohibition platform in the subsequent 1926 provincial election but was defeated in the riding of Kingston and Portsmouth by the Conservative candidate, Thomas Kidd.
He married Agnes Mary McAdam in 1885 and married Katherine Louise Gorden in 1911 after the death of his first wife. Nickle served on the city council for Kingston, also serving as a member of the school board, and was a trustee for Queen's University and a member of the board of governors for Kingston Hospital. 
William McAdam Nickle, a son from his first marriage, went on to serve in the Ontario cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="2861479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861479" title="Valley Pike">
Valley Pike

Valley Pike or Valley Turnpike is the traditional name given for the Indian trail and roadway which now is designated as U.S. Route 11 in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia.
Long before the arrival of English colonists, Native Americans of the Delaware and Catawba tribes used this well-watered path as a migratory route and hunting grounds, moving between what is now Georgia and Canada. Beginning in the 1730s, Scots-Irish and German immigrants coming from Pennsylvania began to move up the valley and establish settlements. As a result of the Treaty of Lancaster, the Iroquois were promised a marked path up the Valley which was laid out in 1745 by James Patton and John Buchanan. Initially called the "Indian Road", it was later known as the "Great Wagon Road."
On March 3, 1834, The Valley Turnpike Company was incorporated by an act of the Virginia General Assembly, and the state participated in the public-private venture through the Virginia Board of Public Works with a 40% investment to build between Winchester and Harrisonburg. A similar road from Harrisonburg to Staunton was built by another company, and they merged. The new combined road, by then known as the "Valley Pike", was significantly improved and tolls were charged for the upkeep of its length. An official report made by General P. H. Sheridan published in July 1866 described the Valley Pike as follows: "The city of Martinsburg... is on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, at the northern terminus of the Valley pike--a broad macadamized road, running up the valley, through Winchester, and terminating at Staunton." 
During the American Civil War, the Valley Pike was a key transportation link in both Jackson's Valley Campaign of 1862 and the Valley Campaigns of 1864. The macadamized road enabled fast movement of heavy wagon trains and gun carriages even during rainy weather, when dirt roads turned into mud. Confederate General Stonewall Jackson marched his infantry soldiers—nicknamed foot cavalry—up and down the Valley and through various mountain gaps, such as Swift Run Gap and Thornton Gap, and make sudden appearances in front of Union troops in the Piedmont region on the east side of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
In 1918, The Valley Turnpike Company, which had been managed by a young Harry Flood Byrd, allowed the Valley Turnpike to be one of the first roads taken over by the state. It was designated as part of State Route 3, one of the routes of the state highway system managed by the State Highway Commission.
The Valley Turnpike was given the U.S. Route 11 designation in 1926, and remained the major north–south highway thoroughfare for the Shenandoah Valley until Interstate 81 was built beginning in the 1960s. Today, the road carries much local traffic, and provides an alternative to the busy Interstate Highway.
A section of the original Valley Pike runs parallel to U.S. Route 11 in Rockbridge County, 1 mile north of Lexington.

</doc>
<doc id="2861480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861480" title="Yung Kee">
Yung Kee

Yung Kee () is a Chinese restaurant located on Wellington Street in Central, Hong Kong. It is most famous for its roast goose.
History.
In 1938, Kam Shui-fai (甘穗煇) began selling "siu mei" at a "dai pai dong" on Kwong Yuen West Street, near the old Hong Kong-Macau Ferry Pier. After some success, he converted it into a restaurant in 1942, leasing the premises at 32 Wing Lok Street in Sheung Wan for HK$4,000. During the Second World War, the building was destroyed in a Japanese air raid. In 1944, the restaurant was moved to 32 Pottinger Street. It moved into its current premises on Wellington Street in 1964, and after four more adjacent buildings were acquired, the lot was rebuilt in 1978 to become today's Yung Kee Building. 
The sixth floor of the restaurant building is occupied by the Kee Club, named after Yung Kee and described by founder Maria Rhomberg as "a place for people tired of discos but still too young for formal restaurants and stuffy establishment clubs"; she met Kam in Shanghai to present the concept to him, and opened the club in 2001. During the SARS outbreak that year and again during the avian flu scare, Yung Kee was forced to temporarily stop serving roast goose and other poultry.
Finances and ownership.
Yung Kee is owned by Yung Kee Holdings Ltd, a private holding company with roughly HK$127 million in assets. In 2000, the two top floors of the building which the restaurant occupies became available; the company purchased those floors at that point, and now owns the entire building. After the death of the founder Kam Shui-fai in 2004, its shares were divided among Kam's children. One report stated that eldest son Kam Kin-sing (甘健成) (or "Kinsen Kam Kwan-sing") and second son Ronald Kam Kwan-lai (甘琨禮) each received 45%, while the remaining 10% was held by Kam's daughter Kam Mei-ling through her own holding company Everway Holdings Limited; she later sold it to the younger Kam.
Another report stated that the two brothers each received a 35% stake on the founder's death, with a further 10% owned by his widow, their mother, Mak Sui-chun. Her daughter Kelly Kam was also a party to the dispute. In fiscal year 2009, the restaurant earned HK$51.1 million in net profit. However, there have been continuing disputes among the two brothers about the management of the company, especially due to the appointment of the younger Kam brother's son Kam Lin-wang (甘連宏) as a director, drawing a salary of HK$45,000/month for only a few hours of work. In July 2010, the elder Kam brother applied to the High Court for liquidation of the holding company if the younger Kam brother refused to buy out his stake.
Specialties.
Yung Kee is most famous for its roast goose, and serves as many as 300 whole birds per day. A half bird—which serves up to six people—costs HK$240, while a two-person portion goes for HK$120. The late founder Kam is nicknamed "Roast Goose Fai" (燒鵝煇), and Yung Kee's roast goose has become well known in Guangdong, Hong Kong, and Macau, and also among foreign tourists. Some take a box of goose on the flight home to share with family and friends, giving rise to the nickname "Flying Roast Goose" (飛天燒鵝). Yung Kee dishes are served in first and business class on board Cathay Pacific flights, and boxes of roast goose and preserved eggs from the restaurant are sold in the on-board duty-free shop in an effort to take advantage of a growing demand for "souvenir food".
Awards and recognition.
In 1968, Yung Kee was named by "Fortune" magazine as one of the Top 15 Restaurants in the World, the only Chinese restaurant on the list. In 1997, four dishes from Yung Kee received awards in the Hong Kong Food Festival Culinary Awards Competition: "Wild Geese Resting on Plum Tress" won a platinum award, while "Fish Biting Lamb in Huizhou Style" (fresh carp stuffed with shredded lamb), "Celebrating Prosperity" (fish and chicken wings on a bed of stir-fried vegetables and shredded turtle meat), and "Aloe Vera with Golden Pomegranate" each won gold awards. 
Yung Kee also once held one star in the "Michelin Guide" received in the inaugural 2009 Hong Kong and Macau edition, but on 1 December 2011, it was releaged to "Bib Gourmand" section of the guide's 2012 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="2861492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861492" title="Louise Gore">
Louise Gore

Beatrice Louise Gore (March 6, 1925 – October 6, 2005) was an American Republican politician from Maryland.
Born in Leesburg, Maryland, Gore was a prominent Maryland political heavy weight and daughter of lawyer and real estate investor H. Grady Gore. She served as a member of the Maryland's General Assembly from 1963 to 1969. She was the Republican National Committee member from 1972 to 1984 and worked for Dwight D. Eisenhower's presidential campaign in 1952. 
In 1974, Gore launched an unsuccessful bid for Governor of Maryland against then incumbent Marvin Mandel, who was the successor to Spiro T. Agnew. Gore's gubernatorial campaign included a lion and a placard which read: "Gore is no pussycat." 
Gore was a second cousin of former Vice President Al Gore through their common ancestor Charles Claiborne Gore. Her sister, Mary Gore Dean, was the mistress of Attorney General John Mitchell and a Watergate scandal figure, and Mary's daughter is Deborah Gore Dean, a former official in the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development convicted in a kickback scheme.

</doc>
<doc id="2861493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861493" title="Government Medical College, Kottayam">
Government Medical College, Kottayam

Government Medical College, Kottayam is a prominent government medical colleges in Kerala, India. The campus is about 8 kilometres north of Kottayam in central Kerala.
History.
The college started functioning in December 1962 as the third government-run medical college in Kerala. The college which initially functioned in the District Hospital, Kottayam from 1962 to 1970 was shifted to Arpookara in April 1970. 
In 1975, all clinical departments were shifted to the newly constructed campus at Arpookara, now named Gandhinagar. The same year, the nearby ESI Hospital was taken over to start the children's hospital: Institute of Child Health. A new administrative B block was started in 1985. In 1996, the C block was added which houses the departments of Pharmacology, Pathology, Microbiology and the Central Library. 
Attached institutions.
The collegiate institutions attached to Medical College Kottayam are Medical College Hospital (MCH), Institute of Child Health (ICH) and Nursing College (CNK), Kottayam.
'Gandhinagar' from 1974. Construction of ABC and EFG blocks of MCH were completed during 1969 and 1970 respectively.
Institute of Child Health (ICH).
The Institute of Child Health is at about 1.5 km from the main medical college hospital campus. It was established in 1975. It houses the departments of pediatrics and pediatric surgery. It imparts curative and preventive health for children from all districts of central Kerala: Kottayam, Idukki, Pathanamthitta, Alapuzha and Ernakulam. The average daily outpatients being treated in this institution is 500. About 9,750 children are treated as inpatients annually in various specialties. 
Leukemia ward (Walli's children cancer care centre): A newly constructed leukemia ward was commissioned on 29.10.2005 attached to the Institute of Child Health as a sponsored programme. 
ICH family welfare centre, medical records library and incinerator room are attached to the Institute of Child Health.
Facilities.
Through over 36 years the campus has grown into a small township with in house banking facilities, co-operative stores, Post Office, canteens, hotels, lodging facilities as well as subsidized hostels and accommodations for the faculty.
The bed strength of the Medical College Hospital alone is 1401, although the hospital frequently operates at 140%–150% capacity. The present facilities include: round the clock casualty service, Blood Bank facility, modern lab and imaging services, colour doppler, TMT, holter monitor, haemodialysis, endoscopic & laparoscopic procedures, open heart surgery, specialised pain clinic under anaesthesiology, computerised pulmonary function lab under the Chest & TB dept, cardiac rehabilitation centre under Cardiology dept, specialised trauma care centre, advanced intensive care units for Surgery, Medicine, Cardiac services, Neuro-surgery & Plastic Surgery..
The House Surgeoncy Program has been acknowledged as a rigorous one with multiple training opportunities not readily available in some other teaching institutions — ensuring that graduates are well prepared for higher training. In fact, a majority of graduates go on to pursue PG courses, very commendable given the very few seats available for such higher training in the country.
Administration.
College of Nursing, Kottayam is a full-pledged institution under the director of Medical Education. The professor and head (director) is the administrative head of College of Nursing who is responsible to the DME through principal Medical College, Kottayam. The administration and internal management of the college is vested with the professor and head.
Medical College Hospital is a multi-bed hospital with 450 doctors and about 2,000 staff members.
Courses offered.
Main courses offered include MBBS, post-graduate training in basic specialties (M.D., MS and diploma courses) and super-specialties (DM and MCh), BDS, BSc Nursing and other paramedical courses.

</doc>
<doc id="2861495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861495" title="Magyar Szó">
Magyar Szó

Magyar Szó (lit. "Hungarian Word") is a Hungarian language daily newspaper in Vojvodina, Serbia. It was founded in 1944, with the purpose of serving as the information source for the Hungarian minority of Vojvodina. It was published in Novi Sad until 2006, when its staff headquarters relocated to Subotica. Its editor-in-chief is Csaba Pressburger. Magyar Szó is considered the main ethnic Hungarian media in Serbia and in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, home to approximately 250,000 ethnic Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="2861500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861500" title="IAF Technological College, Be'er Sheva">
IAF Technological College, Be'er Sheva

IAF Technological College, Be'er Sheva (also known as the Techni School) ) is a technology-oriented high school and college in Beersheba, Israel.
History.
IAF Technological College is located in the Nahal Ashen neighborhood in Be'er sheva (the original campus was in Naot-Lon Be'er Sheva).
The school trains Israel Air Force cadets (Shoher) שוחר) from the 9th or 10th grade through graduation from the 12th grade. Those who excel academically continue to the technological class (grade 13) and are eligible to receive a practical engineering certificate following 14th grade. Students with high grades have the option to continue their studies for a B.Sc.
At first, the Technological school offered only a single class in a home-style trailer building surrounded by a gate. Since then, many trailer classes have been added, as well as a kitchen, of which half serves as a classroom. The building contains many computer laboratories, a gymnasium, two basketball courts, two football fields, a theater and a swimming pool.
The cadets are required to wear Israeli Air force uniforms with a special shoulder and beret insignia.
When a student finished his studies he was entitled to wear the Shoher wings. As of 2006 the sign has been changed as it had wings and the students are not in combat units (the meaning of wings on insignia).
75% of the students are successful on their first attempt of the bagrut exams, with an average of 30 bagrut point. 97% success rate for 13'th class and 100% for 14'th class 
Military service.
Shoher is a special form of "pre-Conscription" soldier (מלש"ב) - shoher have priority in choosing their type of service in technical parts of the Israeli Air Force. For this reason the only combat units open to them are special forces and volunteering units. A shoher can move from the Air Force after enrollment up to 6 months after service begins.
Shoher can serve in R&D without engineering credentials if an officer finds him/her as worthy (the soonest any soldier can get such a recommendation is after 2 years of service).
The college offers 4 programs that provide practical engineer education: Flight Electronics, Flight mechanics, Pami Atimdim and Electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="2861512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861512" title="Emmet Sullivan">
Emmet Sullivan

Emmet Sullivan, (May 27, 1887 – November 3, 1970) was an American sculptor. He was born in Powder River, Montana, and worked on Mount Rushmore, and later created the five dinosaurs in Dinosaur Park in Rapid City, South Dakota in 1934, his first large scale project. His other dinosaur creations were the Apatosaurus at Wall Drug in Wall, South Dakota in the late 1960s, and the many dinosaurs of Dinosaur World in Beaver, Arkansas. In 1966 Sullivan sculpted the 20 meter tall Christ of the Ozarks statue in Eureka Springs, Arkansas.
Other projects of his career included a menagerie of prehistoric animals on West Main street in Rapid City, Soutk Dakota in 1967, a giant seal for Marine Life, South of Rapid City, and a large bull at Black Hawk, South Dakota. Sullivan died at 83 in Rapid City in November 1970. He was buried in the Black Hills National Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="2861519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861519" title="Mowsley">
Mowsley

Mowsley, pronounced ""mouseley"" (from Muslai - mouse infested field) is a small Đvillage in the south part of Leicestershire. The modern village has just under 100 dwellings.
Entries in Domesday.
According to the Domesday Book, Mowsley had two manors in 1086. This was a chapelry in the ancient ecclesiastical parish of Knaptoft with the chapel being built c1250AD. The chapel, which was sensitively restored at the end of the 19th century has a perfect cruciform plan and contains three piscina, a large carved altar stone and a font which has the original bowl.
Modern village.
Most of the dwellings are of 18th- or 20th-century origin. The oldest property is the thatched Millstone House which may have been one of the manor houses. A restored 17th-century timber framed house with mud lower panel and wattle and daub upper panel infills exists.
Unusually, the medieval village boundary can be clearly traced. Virtually the whole village sits within this boundary, with the village "footprint" differing little from that of 500 years ago.
The village has a pub but no shops, the village school closed in 2010.
Families of note.
The Brabazon family were lords of the manor in the 13th/14th centuries - eventually to become the Earls of Meath. Earthworks in the vicinity of the village represent fishponds and the remains of the Brabazon manor house. 
Former England Rugby Union Captain Martin Johnson lives in the village with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="2861533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861533" title="Heap leaching">
Heap leaching

Heap leaching is an industrial mining process to extract precious metals, copper, uranium, and other compounds from ore via a series of chemical reactions that absorb specific minerals and then re-separates them after their division from other earth materials. Similar to "in situ" mining, heap leach mining differs in that it places ore on a liner, then adds the chemicals via drip systems to the ore, whereas "in situ" mining lacks these liners and pulls pregnant solution up to obtain the minerals. 
The process has ancient origins; one of the classical methods for the manufacture of copperas (iron sulfate) was to heap up iron pyrite and collect the leachate from the heap, which was then boiled with iron to produce iron sulfate
Process.
The mined ore is usually crushed into small chunks and heaped on an impermeable plastic and/or clay lined leach pad where it can be irrigated with a leach solution to dissolve the valuable metals. While sprinklers are occasionally used for irrigation, more often operations use drip irrigation to minimize evaporation, provide more uniform distribution of the leach solution, and avoid damaging the exposed mineral. The solution then percolates through the heap and leaches both the target and other minerals. This process, called the "leach cycle," generally takes from one or two months for simple oxide ores (e.g., most gold ores) to two years (for nickel laterite ores). The leach solution containing the dissolved minerals is then collected, treated in a process plant to recover the target mineral and in some cases precipitate other minerals, and then recycled to the heap after reagent levels are adjusted. Ultimate recovery of the target mineral can range from 30% of contained (run-of-mine dump leaching sulfide copper ores) to over 90% for the easiest to leach ores (some oxide gold ores).
In recent years, the addition of an agglomeration drum has improved on the heap leaching process by allowing for a more efficient leach. The rotary drum agglomerator works by taking the crushed ore fines and agglomerating them into more uniform particles. This makes it much easier for the leaching solution to percolate through the pile, making its way through the channels between particles.
The addition of an agglomeration drum also has the added benefit of being able to pre-mix the leaching solution with the ore fines, to achieve a more concentrated, homogeneous mixture, and allowing the leach to begin prior to the heap.
Precious metals.
The crushed ore is irrigated with a dilute alkaline cyanide solution. The solution containing the dissolved precious metals ("pregnant solution") continues percolating through the crushed ore until it reaches the liner at the bottom of the heap where it drains into a storage (pregnant solution) pond. After separating the precious metals from the pregnant solution, the dilute cyanide solution (now called "barren solution") is normally re-used in the heap-leach-process or occasionally sent to an industrial water treatment facility where the residual cyanide is treated and residual metals are removed. In very high rainfall areas, such as the tropics, in some cases there is surplus water that is then discharged to the environment, after treatment, posing possible water pollution if treatment is not properly carried out.
The production of one gold ring through this method, can generate 20 tons of waste material.
During the extraction phase, the gold ions form complex ions with the cyanide:
formula_1
Recuperation of the gold is readily achieved with a redox-reaction:
formula_2
The most common methods to remove the gold from solution are either using activated carbon to selectively absorb it, or the Merrill-Crowe process where zinc powder is added to cause a precipitation of gold and zinc. The fine product can be either doré (gold-silver bars) or zinc-gold sludge that is then refined elsewhere.
Copper Ores.
The method is similar to the cyanide method, above, except sulfuric acid is used to dissolve copper from its ores. The acid is recycled from the solvent extraction circuit (see solvent extraction-electrowinning, SX/EW) and reused on the leach pad. A byproduct is iron(II) sulfate, jarosite, which is produced as a byproduct of leaching pyrite, and sometimes even the same sulfuric acid that is needed for the process. Both oxide and sulfide ores can be leached, though the leach cycles are much different and sulfide leaching requires a bacterial or "bio-leach" component.
In 2011 leaching (both heap leaching and in-situ leaching) produced 3.4 million metric tons of copper, 22 percent of world production. The largest copper heap leach operations are in Chile, Peru, and the southwestern United States. 
Although the heap leaching is a low cost-process, it normally has recovery rates of 60-70%, although there are exceptions. It is normally most profitable with low-grade ores. Higher-grade ores are usually put through more complex milling processes where higher recoveries justify the extra cost. The process chosen depends on the properties of the ore.
The final product is cathode copper.
Nickel Ores.
The method is an acid heap leaching method like that of the copper method in that it utilises sulfuric acid instead of cyanide solution to dissolve the target minerals from crushed ore. The amount of sulfuric acid required is much higher than for copper ores (as high as 1,000 kg of acid per tonne of ore, but 500 kg is more common.) The method was originally patented by Australian miner BHP Billiton and is being commercialized by Cerro Matoso S.A. in Colombia (a wholly owned subsidiary of BHP Billiton), Vale in Brazil, and European Nickel PLC for the rock laterite deposits of Turkey, Talvivaara mine in Finland, Balkans, and the Philippines. There currently are no operating commercial scale nickel laterite heap leach operations, but there is a sulphide HL operating in Finland.
Nickel recovery from the leach solutions is much more complex than for copper and requires various stages of iron and magnesium removal, and the process produces both leached ore residue ("ripios") and chemical precipitates from the recovery plant (principally iron oxide residues, magnesium sulfate and calcium sulfate) in roughly equal proportions. Thus, a unique feature of nickel heap leaching is the need for a tailings disposal area.
The final product can be nickel hydroxide precipitates (NHP) or mixed metal hydroxide precipitates (MHP), which are then subject to conventional smelting to produce metallic nickel.
Uranium Ores.
Similar to copper oxide heap leaching, also using dilute sulfuric acid. Rio Tinto is commercializing this technology in Namibia and Australia, the French nuclear power company Areva in Niger (two mines) and Namibia, and several other companies are studying its feasibility.
The final product is yellowcake and requires significant further processing to produce fuel-grade feed.
Apparatus.
While most mining companies have shifted from a previously accepted sprinkler method to the percolation of slowly dripping choice chemicals (cyanide or sulfuric acid) closer to the actual ore bed (Krauth 1990), heap leach pads have not changed too much throughout the years. There are still four main categories of pads: conventional, dump leach, Valley Fills, and on/off pads (Thiel and Smith 2004). Typically, each pad only has a single, geomembrane liner for each pad, with a minimum thickness of 1.5mm (usually it is thicker).
 The simplest in design, conventional pads are used for mostly flat or gentle areas and hold thinner layers of crushed ore. Dump leach pads hold more ore and can usually handle a less flat terrain. Valley Fills are pads situated at valley bottoms or levels that can hold everything falling into it. On/off pads involve the use of putting significantly larger loads on the pads, and removing it and reloading it after every cycle.
 Many of these mines, which previously had digging depths of about 15 meters, are digging deeper than ever before to mine materials (approximately 50 meters, sometimes more), which means that, in order to accommodate all of the ground being displaced, pads will have to hold higher weights from more crushed ore being contained in a smaller area (Lupo 2010). With that increase in build up comes in potential for decrease in yield or ore quality, as well as potential either weak spots in the lining or areas of increased pressure buildup. This build up still has the potential to lead to punctures in the liner. As of 2004 cushion fabrics, which could reduce potential punctures and their leaking, were still being debated due to their tendency to increase risks if too much weight on too large a surface was placed on the cushioning (Thiel and Smith 2004). In addition, some liners, depending on their composition, may react with salts in the soil as well as acid from the chemical leaching to affect the successfulness of the liner. This can be amplified over time.
Environmental Concerns.
Effectiveness.
Heap leach mining works well for large volumes of low grade ores, as reduced metallurgical treatment (comminution) of the ore is required in order to extract an equivalent amount of minerals when compared to milling. The significantly reduced processing costs are offset by the reduced yield of usually approximately 60-70%. The amount of overall of environmental impact caused by heap leaching is often lower than more traditional techniques. It also requires less energy consumption to use this method, which many consider to be an environmental alternative.
Government regulation.
In the United States, the General Mining Law of 1872 gave rights to explore and mine on public domain land; the original law did not require post-mining reclamation (Woody et al. 2011). Mined-land reclamation requirements on federal land depended on state requirements until the passage of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act in 1976. Currently, mining on federal land must have a government-approved mining and reclamation plan before mining can start. Reclamation bonds are required. Mining on either federal, state, or private land is subject to the requirements of the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act.
One solution proposed to reclamation problems is the privatization of the land to be mined (Woody et al. 2011).
Cultural and Social Concerns.
With the rise of the environmentalist movement has also come an increased appreciation for social justice, and mining has showed similar trends lately. Societies located near potential mining sites are at increased risk to be subjected to injustices as their environment is affected by the changes made to mined lands—either public or private—that could eventually lead to problems in social structure, identity, and physical health (Franks 2009). Many have argued that by cycling mine power through local citizens, this disagreement can be alleviated, since both interest groups would have shared and equal voice and understanding in future goals. However, it is often difficult to match corporate mining interests with local social interests, and money is often a deciding factor in the successes of any disagreements. If communities are able to feel like they have a valid understanding and power in issues concerning their local environment and society, they are more likely to tolerate, and indeed encourage, the positive benefits that come with mining, as well as more effectively promote alternative methods to heap leach mining using their intimate knowledge of the local geography (Franks 2009).
Examples.
Rum Jungle Mine.
 One of the oldest and most famous uranium mines in the world, the Rum Jungle Mine in Northern Territory, Australia was constructed in the 1950s, and is today experiencing extreme amounts of environmental degradation and acid rock drainage that are leading to further negative impacts on the surrounding river and ecosystems (Ferguson et al. 2011). This mine includes three overburdened heaps, two flooded open cuts, and a backfilled open cut, as well as numerous former tailings and heap leach pads. These leach pads caused considerable contamination to soils as chemicals seeped through them. There was attempted rehabilitation in the 1980s, but there are still high evidences of environmental problems today (Mudd and Patterson 2010). These waste sites caused the local river to maintain water that is highly unsafe due to its acidity, high concentrations of target minerals, and other toxic chemicals, many of which are said to have originally leached out of (Ferguson et al. 2011). While the highest concentrations have stayed near the buffer zones of the mine and in the East Finniss River, those that did make it into the Finniss River pose a serious and ongoing public threat to those living nearby who used the river daily (Ferguson et al. 2011). Now, years later, it is still posing a serious environmental risk to those around the mine (Mudd and Patterson 2010).
Ranger Uranium Mine.
The Ranger Uranium Mine in Northern Australia showed a significant increase in erodibility of lands when in contact with materials treated from chemical mining (Riley 1995). This could manifest itself in landslides and loss of habitat, as well as an increase in gravel composition that could cause other potential problems. If these lands can be planted with vegetation that can survive more acidic conditions, however likely that may be, they may be able to avoid eroding materials into other, less mine-contaminated ecosystem (Riley 1995). Given the likelihood of this, though, more rehabilitation measures are being sought after.
The Australian government, which deals with negative environmental effects from many historic mines, now requires steps to address environmental and social concerns. Alternative locations must be analyzed in mining proposals, as well as rehabilitation plans, externalities (and possible solutions), groundwater and infrastructure changes, gained or lost opportunities, socio-economic impacts, and risks, as well as measures taken to reduce or eliminate therisks (Department of Natural Resources, Environment, the Arts and Sport 2009).
Fort Belknap, Montana.
 Located on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation, the Zortman-Landusky gold mine in Montana was one of many early heap leach mines that experienced problems with spills and contamination of surface and groundwater. Although the leaks happened in the 1980s, and the mine was eventually shut down in 1996, health problems on the reservation persist, and as not all of the mine was properly cleaned up, could potentially cause further damage to the people of Fort Belknap (Woody et al. 2011). Zortman-Landusky eventually filed bankruptcy when the Bureau of Land Management stepped in to assist the lawsuit that was not heard by the residents of the reservation. Once the bankruptcy was filed, however, all health care and studies ceased, and compensation for the destruction of culturally significant mountain peaks to the local Assiniboine and Gros Ventre people was never achieved (Klauk 2012). Today, there are still abnormally high reports of health problems including thyroid problems, lead poisoning, chemical burns, and emphysema (especially in children) (Klauk 2012).

</doc>
<doc id="2861534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861534" title="Baarmutha, Victoria">
Baarmutha, Victoria

Baarmutha is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on Diffey Road in the Shire of Indigo, south of Beechworth.
Baarmutha Post Office opened on 1 October 1875 and closed in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="2861542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861542" title="Toothed belt">
Toothed belt

A timing belt, toothed belt, cogged belt or cog belt, or synchronous belt is a non-slipping mechanical drive belt. It is made as a flexible belt with teeth moulded onto its inner surface. It runs over matching toothed pulleys or sprockets.
When correctly tensioned, they have no slippage and are often used to transfer motion for indexing or timing purposes (hence their name). They are often used in lieu of chains or gears, so there is less noise and a lubrication bath is not necessary.
Applications.
Timing belts are used widely in mechanical devices, including sewing machines, photocopiers and many others. A major use of toothed belts is as the timing belt used to drive the camshafts within an automobile engine.
As toothed belts can also deliver more power than a friction-drive belt, they are also used for high-power transmissions. These include the primary drive of some motorcycles, notable later Harley-Davidsons. Also the supercharger used for dragsters.
Microlight aircraft driven by high-speed two-stroke engines such as the Rotax 532 use toothed belt reduction drives to allow the use of a quieter and more efficient slower-speed propeller. Some amateur built airplanes powered by automotive engines use cog belt reduction drive units.
Construction.
These belts are made of a flexible polymer over a fabric reinforcement. Originally this was rubber over a natural textile, but developments in material science have had a substantial effect in increasing the lifetime of these belts. This included changes from natural to synthetic rubber and polyurethane and also the adoption of nylon, Kevlar or other aramid fibres and carbon fibres in their reinforcement.
Failure.
Toothed belts have two failure modes, one gradual and one catastrophic. Both increase their risk over time, so it is common for highly-stressed belts to be given a service lifetime and to be replaced before this.
One failure mode is gradual wear to the tooth shape, which may eventually lead to slippage over rounded teeth. The belt often continues to work, but the relative timing between shafts changes.
The catastrophic failure mode is caused by delamination between the belt and its fabric reinforcement. Although this may be caused by age and wear, it is often accelerated by mistreatment of the belt, often during initial installation. Overloading the belt by bending it to a narrow radius is a common cause of damage, either by bending out of the belt's designed axis, twisting, levering it into place with tools, bending in the correct axis but to too small a radius, or even knotting a belt in storage. Another cause, particularly with natural rubber belts, is contamination by oil, especially to the edges where the reinforcing fabric is exposed and can cause a wick effect.
It is extremely rare for a timing belt to break. More common is for the belt to delaminate, disconnecting the fabric strength member from the teeth that ride on the pulleys. The belt is then often thrown from the pulleys and may be further damaged, or cut. Although worn teeth may be detectable by careful inspection, internal deterioration is not considered to be reliably detectable and so the observance of service lifetimes is important.

</doc>
<doc id="2861553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861553" title="Home movies (disambiguation)">
Home movies (disambiguation)

Home movies are films made by amateurs.
Home movies may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2861592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861592" title="Ivor Jones">
Ivor Jones

Ivor Egwad Jones CBE (10 December 1901 – 16 November 1982) was a Welsh rugby union player who played as a back-row forward, mainly at flanker, for Llanelli and won 16 caps for Wales, three of them as captain.
Jones was born in Loughor and joined Loughor RFC after leaving school, playing his first match for them at the age of 15. After playing a few games for Swansea he moved to Llanelli in 1922. He played for Llanelli until 1938, apart from a short period with Birmingham in 1924-25, and scored more than 1,200 points for the club. He captained Llanelli from 1925 to 1928, 1930 to 1932 and 1933 to 1936, and led them to the Welsh club title three times between 1927 and 1933.
He won his first cap for Wales in 1924 against England and made his last appearance as captain against Scotland in 1930. He was selected for the British and Irish Lions on their tour to Australia and New Zealand in 1930 and played in all five tests. Jones was generally considered to have been one of the outstanding players on that tour, but was never selected for Wales again.
After retiring as a player, Jones became chairman of the Welsh selectors, President of the Welsh Rugby Union and a Justice of the Peace.
Quotations.
Harry Bowcott, former Wales captain and fellow tourist on the 1930 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia New Zealand, speaking of the opening win in the series for the tourists:
It was a very cold day. There were snow showers before the game and a blizzard during it. We changed at the hotel and it was entirely due to Ivor Jones, the king of the tour, that we got off to a winning start. He broke clear at our ten-yard line and went all the way downfield so that there was only George Napia, the New Zealand full-back, left to stop him. He drew Napia and slipped the ball to Jack Morley for him to get over in the corner. We'd beaten this wonderful team called the All Blacks, much to their disgust. We were delighted. 
Author Peter Jackson on Ivor Jones:
No Lion, though, made as great an impact on New Zealand as Ivor Jones, the Llanelli back-row forward. They called him 'The King', and a few survivors of the oldest generation scattered around both islands still do. Jones, who devoted a lifetime to the service of Welsh rugby in many guises, including chairman of selectors and president, was almost a one-man team.
Bibliography.
Gareth Hughes (1983) One hundred years of scarlet (Llanelli Rugby Football Club) ISBN 0-9509159-0-4
Peter Jackson (1998) Lions of Wales (Mainstream Sport) ISBN 1-84018-244-X

</doc>
<doc id="2861596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861596" title="Cowen Group">
Cowen Group

Cowen Group Inc. is a diversified financial services firm that provides alternative investment management, investment banking, research, and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius, LLC, a global alternative investment management business, and Cowen and Company, LLC, a broker-dealer business. Founded in 1918 by Harry Cowen and Arthur Cowen, Jr., the Firm is headquartered in New York and has offices located worldwide.
Cowen Group, Inc..
Originally founded as a bond trading house, the Firm expanded in its early years to include correspondent clearing and execution services. As the Firm grew, it developed a leadership position in railroad bonds and launched a research and institutional sales business. The Firm expanded significantly in the 1970s in research and retail, opening six offices from coast-to-coast and expanding its business offerings through acquisitions: Hardy & Company, Greene & Ladd, G.S. Grumman and McCloy-Watterson & Co., Inc. In the 1980s, Cowen expanded internationally, established an investment banking business, and set up offices in London, Geneva, Paris, and Tokyo. In the 1990s the Firm grew the investment banking business, beginning with five IPOs and follow-ons for approximately $200 million, growing to nearly 80 transactions and $5 billion in proceeds by 1995. The Firm remained independent until 1998 when it was acquired by the French financial services company, Société Générale, and renamed SG Cowen. In 2000, the Firm sold its private client services unit to Lehman Brothers, retaining its investment banking, research and sales and trading operations. The Firm operated as a unit of Societe Generale until 2006, when it was spun off in an initial public offering and renamed itself, Cowen and Company. The public offering was joint bookrun by Cowen, Credit Suisse and Merrill Lynch. In 2009, the company merged with Ramius LLC to form a diversified financial services company. In February 2011, Cowen acquired LaBranche & Co., a market-maker in options, exchange-traded funds and futures on various exchanges. In 2012, Cowen acquired Algorithmic Trading Management, a provider of global multi-asset class algorithmic execution trading models, and KDC Securities, a securities lending business. In March 2013, Cowen acquired Dahlman Rose & Company LLC, a privately held investment bank specializing in the energy, metals and mining, transportation, chemicals and agriculture sectors. Today, Cowen Group provides alternative asset management, investment banking, research and sales and trading services through its two business segments: Ramius and its affiliates make up the alternative investment segment and Cowen and Company and its affiliates make up the broker-dealer segment.
Cowen and Company.
Cowen and Company, founded in 1918, is the broker-dealer business of Cowen Group. Cowen and Company offers a range of investment banking services, including: equity, equity-linked and debt financings and mergers and acquisitions advisory services. Cowen and Company also provides proprietary research, including its "Ahead of the Curve"TM series, and institutional sales and trading services. Cowen and Company specializes in growth sectors of the economy, including: healthcare, technology, media & telecommunications, consumer, energy, metals and mining, industrials, aerospace & defense and transportation. Business units include:
Ramius LLC.
Ramius LLC, founded in 1994, by Peter Cohen, Jeff Solomon, Morgan Stark, and Tom Strauss, is the global alternative investment management business of Cowen Group. Ramius is focused on delivering returns to investors through a range of alternative investment strategies including small-cap activism, healthcare royalties, customized solutions, event driven equity, real estate, long/short credit and managed futures. As of January 1, 2014, Ramius and its affiliates manage $9.4 billion. A significant portion of Cowen’s proprietary capital is managed by Ramius in strategies alongside its clients. Business units within Ramius include:

</doc>
<doc id="2861598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861598" title="An Echo of Hooves">
An Echo of Hooves

An Echo of Hooves is a 2003 album by folk singer June Tabor.
There were many albums consisting entirely of Child ballads in the 60s and 70s. By the 90s, such albums became rare. This is an outstanding example from the 21st century. The "Allmusic" said of this album "A stunning jewel in a remarkable career, and one of the best things Tabor’s ever released." Three of these songs have been recorded only twice before. June's singing is relatively undemonstrative, especially considering that murder is the main theme. The instrumental accompaniment is a counterpoint to the singing, rather than directly supportive of the tunes.

</doc>
<doc id="2861600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861600" title="George Placzek">
George Placzek

Georg Placzek (September 26, 1905 - October 9, 1955) was a Czech physicist.
Born in Brno, Moravia to Jewish parents. When his son came to Canada, his last name was changed to Patton. Placzek studied physics in Prague and Vienna. He worked with Hans Bethe, Edward Teller, Rudolf Peierls, Werner Heisenberg, Victor Weisskopf, Enrico Fermi, Niels Bohr, Lev Landau, Edoardo Amaldi, Emilio Segrè, Leon van Hove and many other prominent physicists of his time. His wife, Els Placzek (née Andriesse) was an ex-wife of physicist Hans von Halban.
Placzek's major areas of scientific work involved a fundamental theory of Raman scattering, molecular spectroscopy in gases and liquids, neutron physics and mathematical physics. Together with Otto Frisch, he suggested a direct experimental proof of nuclear fission. Together with Niels Bohr and others, he was instrumental in clarifying the role of Uranium 235 for the possibility of nuclear chain reaction. 
During his stay in Landau's circle in Kharkov around 1937, Placzek witnessed the brutal reality of Joseph Stalin's regime. His first-hand experience of this, influenced the political opinions of his close friends; Robert Oppenheimer and Edward Teller in particular. 
Later, Placzek was the only Czech with a leading position in the Manhattan project, where he worked from 1943-1946 as a member of the British Mission; first in Canada as the leader of a theoretical division at the Montreal Laboratory and then (since May 1945) in Los Alamos, later replacing his friend Hans Bethe as the leader of the theoretical group. Since 1948, Placzek was a member of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, USA. Placzek's premature death in Zurich was very likely a suicide influenced by his long-time serious illness. 
Recently, many new facts about George Placzek and his family roots emerged in connection with a Symposium held in Placzek's memory.

</doc>
<doc id="2861613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861613" title="Dugald rail accident">
Dugald rail accident

The Dugald rail accident was a railway accident that occurred on September 1, 1947 in Dugald, Manitoba, Canada, ending the lives of 31 people.
Scene.
A westbound train, The Minaki Campers’ Special operating as Passenger Extra 6001 West, was a seasonal excursion service carrying vacationers from the Minaki region of Northwestern Ontario. It had been given orders at Malachi, Ontario, east of Winnipeg to meet Canadian National Railways train No. 4, the eastbound "Continental Limited" at Vivian. These orders were changed subsequently, so that the meeting point was relocated westward, for a meet at Dugald, east of Winnipeg. These second orders had been received at Elma.
Collision and fire.
By the train order operation rules then in use, Extra 6001 would have to use the siding at the east switch of Dugald. The conductor of the train reminded the engineer of the Dugald stop one or two miles beforehand, by the air signal line, and received the proper acknowledgement. However, Extra 6001 failed to enter the siding at the east switch, and collided head-on with the stationary eastbound train number 4, the "Continental Limited" at 9:44 p.m. at approximately .
Extra 6001 was composed of U-1-a class locomotive 6001, two steel baggage cars, nine wooden gas-illuminated coaches, and two steel parlor cars. After the collision, the wooden carriages of the vacation train caught fire. Strict rationing of steel during World War II had resulted in old wooden cars being kept in service until newer cars could be purchased. The collision began a series of events that caused fires fueled by compressed gas from broken lines and tanks on the wood coaches that gutted the wooden cars and set fire to oil tanks near the tracks. With the exception of the engineer and fireman of Extra 6001, who were killed by the initial collision, the fatalities of this incident were caused by the fire. No fatalities occurred in the vacation train's two rear cars or on the "Continental Limited".
Inquiry.
An inquiry blamed the crew of the vacationers' train for failing to obey orders. The inquiry also determined that the crew's error had been precipitated by their seeing a clear signal, which implied that the track ahead was clear, and that the "Continental Limited’s" dimming of its headlamp while waiting in the station lessened its visibility to the oncoming vacation train. This resulted in both the acquisition of modern rail cars and the improvement of rules regarding operations on the line.

</doc>
<doc id="2861615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861615" title="Ypogeia Revmata">
Ypogeia Revmata

Ypoyia Revmata (, ) is a Greek rock band.
History.
The history of Ypoyia Revmata starts in 1992, when a company of musicians and classmates at the same time from Kallithea, Athens, Greece started playing their own songs. At that time, Grigoris, Kostas, Giannis and Panagiotis had rented a place at Psyri, Athens in order to make comfortably their performances. When Kostas started working at Melodia FM, he met the manager Dimitris Hatzopoulos, and that is when Mitsos joined the band. In 1993, manager Dimitris Hatzopoulos takes a demo of the band to Έβδομη Διάσταση (Evdomi Diastasi, Seventh Dimension) label and Ypogia Revmata start recording their first album.
In 1994, the band, after deciding their permanent name, make their first appearance in Greek discography with their first album 'Ο Μάγος Κοιτάζει την Πόλη' (O Magos Kitazei tin Poli, The Magician is Looking at the City). The sound of Ypogeia Revmata does not have anything new to offer to the rock scene, but their songs have fun, humor, catchy melodies and rhythm and lyrics written without any complex. From that album comes their classic hit 'Μ'αρέσει να μη Λεω Πολλά' (M'aresi na mi Leo Polla, I Like not Saying Much). That year, they make their first concert at 'Metro', which overwhelms with crowd.
In 1995, Markos joins the band and they release their second album 'Παραλογές' (Paraloges. Paralogs), a little more "inflexible", but closer to the sound they wanted to approach. Kostas is in charge of remixing and sound recording, who later is going to be a member of the band.
In summer 1996, they recorded their live concert at 'Theatro Vrahon' with their new drummer Vasilis, who before releasing their third album 'Live στο Θέατρο Βράχων' (Live at Theatro Vrahon) - which marks the end of an era - loses his life in a car accident. After that tragic event, Kostas and Giannis leave the band.
In 1997, the remaining members release the darkest album of the band 'Τσαλακωμένες Μέρες' (Chalakomenes Meres, Creased Days). The missing members are replaced by Iraklis and Kostas - the sound recorder from 'Παραλογές'. Despite that, the band participates that year in the live performance of George Dalaras at 'Ιερά Οδός' (Iera Odos), where they sing two of their songs: 'Μ'αρέσει να μη Λέω Πολλά' and 'Ασημένια Σφήκα' (Asimenia Sfika, Silver Wasp).
In 1998, their next work 'Εικόνες στα Σύννεφα' (Icones sta Synnefa, Images in the Clouds) is followed, obviously better than their previous, but missing their early freshness. They cover the song 'Θαλασσογραφία' (Thalassographia, Seagraphy), which is sung by Eleni Tsaligopoulou and is included in an album with song covers of Dionysis Savvopoulos. Mitsos and Iraklis leave the band, while the other members continue participating in other albums, giving songs to artists and doing concerts in many cities.
In 1999, after Kostas's departure, a new member, Nikiforos, joins the band. During that year, they start recording their sixth album 'Μικρά που Είναι τα Όνειρα' (Micra pou Ine ta Onira, How Small Dreams Are).
After a lot of work, the album was released in 2000 including 13 new songs. During the next two years, Ypogeia Revmata sign the music of several theatrical plays, do concerts and cooperate with many other artists and bands.
In 2003 the band experienced a lot of changes in formation. Markos, Panagiotis and Nikiforos leave the band, while Tasos, Marios, Apostolis and Kostas - one of the founding members of the group - replace them. Before the year ends, Kostas leaves the band again.
For the next years, with Grigoris (guitar, vocals) being the only remaining member from the start, Tasos (drums, vocals), Marios (keyboards, vocals) and Apostolis (bass, guitar, accordion, vocals), Ypogia Revmata do a lot of concerts all over Greece, covering their older songs and trying their new material live.
In 2007, after six years of absence from discography, Ypogeia Revmata return with their new album 'Νέα Μέρα' (Nea Mera, New Day), a title that marks the new age of the band. The band shows a different sound and composition from the usual, mixing rock and lyrical elements and emphasising in poetic lyrics. This new album startled many, as it has a lot of foreign elements.

</doc>
<doc id="2861616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861616" title="Christian eschatological views">
Christian eschatological views

Christian Eschatology is the branch of theological study relating to last things, such as concerning death, the end of the world, the judgement of humanity, and the ultimate destiny of humanity. Eschatological passages are found in many places in the Christian Bible, with many being found in the Old Testament prophets, especially in Isaiah and Daniel. Many are also found in the New Testament books, such as Matthew 24, Matthew 25, the General epistles, the Pauline epistles, and the Book of Revelation. This article is currently a general overview of the different Christian eschatological interpretations of the Book of Revelation. The differences are by no means monolithic as representing one group or another. Many differences exist within each group.
Interpretive and hermeneutical overviews of the Bible.
The hermeneutic method held by an individual or church will greatly affect their interpretation of the book of Revelation, and consequently their eschatological scheme.
Supersessionist.
Supersessionism is the belief that the New Covenant in Christ supersedes, or replaces, the Old Covenant with Israel. It comes in at least two forms: covenant theology and kingdom theology. It was the predominant teaching of the church until the rise of dispensationalism in the 19th century.
Covenant theology.
Hermeneutics: Usually Grammatical-Historical typologised and contextualised. There are three covenants - the "Covenant of Works or Law", the "Covenant of Redemption" and the "Covenant of Grace". This shares much in common with Kingdom theology (see below) but emphasizes the covenants more than the Kingdom of God itself.
Overview: Under the "Covenant of Works" humanity, represented ultimately in a covenantal sense under Adam beginning from the Garden of Eden, failed to live as God intended and stood condemned. But beyond time the "Covenant of Redemption" was made between the Father and Son, to agree that Christ would live an acceptable substitutionary life on behalf of, and as a covenantal representative for, those who would sin but would trust in Christ as their covenantal substitutionary representative, which bought them into the "Covenant of Grace". The "Covenant of Grace" applies to all who trust Christ for their salvation, regardless of ethnicity, and thus the Covenant covers Jews and Gentiles alike with regard to salvation, sanctification, and resurrection. The Covenant of Grace forms the basis of the later covenants with Noah, Abraham, Moses, David and the New Covenant in Christ.
Adherents: Held by many evangelical Reformed Protestant Churches who take a Historical-grammatical and Typological interpretation of the Bible. Adherents would include the Reformed church, most of the Presbyterian church, some low church Anglicans, some Baptist churches, some Wesleyan/Methodist churches and certain Lutheran churches.
Approaches to Revelation:
"Judgements: Revelation Ch 1 - 19"
"Millennium: Revelation Ch 20"
Kingdom-Dominion theology.
Hermeneutics: Similar to the covenantal system, but emphasizes the Kingdom of God rather than the three covenants. Exemplified in works such as Graeme Goldsworthy's "Gospel and Kingdom". The Old Testament is interpreted using typology and the grammatico-historical method. Revelation is read according to the conventions of the apocalyptic genre.
Overview: God's purpose for all time was to redeem for himself a people through the death and resurrection of Christ. The incarnation of Christ is the centrepoint of the Bible and all history. The Old Testament is understood to contain a number of covenants and 'types' which are fulfilled in the past and future work of Jesus.
Goldsworthy schematizes the Kingdom of God as the expression of "God's rule" over "God's people" in "God's place". In the beginning, God himself ruled over Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. After the fall, the rule of God was expressed through the Law, the Judges, the King of Israel and finally the promise that God would write his law on his people's hearts (Jer 31:33). "God's place" came to be the Tabernacle in the wilderness, later the Temple in Jerusalem, and finally the promise of the indwelling Spirit of God (Joel 2, Ezek 37). His "people" were Abraham, the people of Israel, then the faithful remnant of Israel, and finally the promised Messiah (Ps 2).
In the New Testament, God's rule is exercised through Jesus Christ the King, who is also the "temple" of God (John 2:19-21), over his people the Church (of which Israel was a type). Salvation for all people in all times is found by trusting (explicitly or implicitly) in Jesus. Thus, Abraham, Moses, David, and all Christians today are saved by the same faith. The Jews are regarded as special in God's plan (as in Romans and Ephesians) and yet the Old Testament prophecies regarding Israel find their fulfillment in Jesus and the Church rather than in a literal restoration of Israel.
Adherents: Held by reformed, evangelical Protestants (especially Sydney Anglicans), similar to the covenantal theological view.
Approaches to Revelation: Usually idealist and amillennial. "Revelation" describes what is happening throughout the Christian era, from Pentecost to the second coming. This view acknowledges that there may be valid preteristic connections (e.g. the seven hills = Rome) but the full understanding comes through an idealistic-historicism (but without necessarily seeing the Roman Catholic Church as the antichrist). The events of the book while not to be tied to particular historical events, still describe the sorts of things that will happen until Christ returns. The book of Revelation is interpreted according to apocalyptic conventions regarding numbers and colours (7 = perfection/completion, white = victory) and the enormous number of allusions to the rest of Scripture.
Dispensational.
Hermeneutics: Interpretation as the literal, 'plain meaning' implies (i.e. rejection of typological and allegorical methods). Biblical references to Israel mean ancient "and" modern Israel.
Overview: History is divided into (typically seven) "dispensations" where God tests man's obedience differently. The present "Church dispensation" concerns Christians (mainly Gentiles) and is a parenthesis to God's main plan of dealing with and blessing his chosen people the Jews. 
Because of the Jews' rejection of Jesus, Jewish sovereignty over the promised earthly kingdom of Jerusalem and Palestine was postponed from the time of Christ's first coming until prior to or just after his Second Coming when most or all Jews will embrace him. There will be a rapture of the Gentile church followed by a great tribulation of seven (or three-and-a-half) years' duration during which Antichrist will arise and Armageddon will occur. Then Jesus will return visibly to earth and re-establish the nation of Israel; the Jewish temple will be rebuilt at Jerusalem and the Temple mount, possibly in place of the Muslim Dome of the Rock (see Christian Zionism). Christ and the people of Israel will reign in Jerusalem for a thousand years, followed by last judgment and a new heavens and new earth.
Adherents: Held by groups who believe the scriptures to be inerrant and often more Arminian leaning. Held by many Protestant groups who take what they believe is a more literal interpretation of the Bible, including many, but not most, Pentecostal Charismatic and Baptist churches and Independent and 'Non-denominational' churches as well as a few of the Presbyterian Church and Wesleyan/Methodist churches. Also held by most groups that are labelled Fundamentalists. The more politically active sections within this eschatological view often strongly support the Christian Zionism movement and the associated political, military and economic support for Israel which comes from certain groups within American politics and parts of the Christian right. This view is also held in a modified form by groups such as the Latter Day Saints, Christadelphians and Adventist splinter groups such as the Branch Davidians. One of the main tenets of Dispensationalism is the strict dichotomy that dispensationalists claim exists between Israel and the New Testament Church. This is expressly denied by Covenant Theologians who claim the existence of a relationship via “Spiritual Israel.” A dispensationalist would claim that none of the prophecies pertaining to Israel are or will be fulfilled in or by the New Testament Church. Covenant Theologians would claim that some of the prophecies pertaining to Israel are, will, or may be fulfilled in or by the New Testament Church. see supersessionism.
Approaches to Revelation:
"Judgements: Revelation Ch 1 - 19"
"Millennium: Revelation Ch 20"
Allegorical or Mythical.
Hermeneutics: The Bible may or may not be factually accurate but is designed to teach spiritual lessons through allegory and myth. The Bible is more literary than historical. Typically, this stance is taken by churches and individuals who do not place significant emphasis upon eschatology at all.
Adherents: Held by some Christian groups ranging from those who are Biblically inerrant to those who do not believe in Biblical inerrancy, including liberal scholars who mostly belong to mainline Protestant denominations. Supporters of this position also include high church Anglo-Catholic, Catholic-leaning Lutherans, Eastern Orthodox churches, and traditional Roman Catholic groups. Belief in the allegorical interpretation of the Bible does not exclude belief in praxeological or literal hermeneutics: for example, Roman Catholic hermeneutics holds that there are many senses in which the Bible is true in addition to literal truth.
The Catholic Apostolic Church believed that the Bible should be interpreted allegorically. Some descendants of the Catholic Apostolic Church also known as Irvingism, such as Apostelamt Jesu Christi, Apostelamt Juda, Restored Apostolic Mission Church and the Old Apostolic Church also believes in the allegorical interpretation of the Bible.
Approaches to Revelation:
"Judgements: Revelation Ch 1 - 19"
"Millennium: Revelation Ch 20

</doc>
<doc id="2861623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861623" title="Benjamin Jennings Caddy">
Benjamin Jennings Caddy

Benjamin (Ben) Jennings Caddy (November 1881 - 13 March 1955) was a militant trade unionist who is regarded as the doyen of the trade union movement in South Africa. Caddy was born in Australia and in 1898 at the age of 17 he emigrated to South Africa. In March 1922, he was arrested during the Rand Revolt.

</doc>
<doc id="2861628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861628" title="Skin Deep">
Skin Deep

Skin Deep may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2861633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861633" title="Trecena">
Trecena

A trecena is a 13-day period used in pre-Columbian Mesoamerican calendars. The 260-day calendar (the "tonalpohualli") was divided into 20 trecenas. Trecena is derived from the Spanish chroniclers and translates to "a group of thirteen" in the same way that a dozen (or in Spanish "docena") relates to the number twelve. It is associated with the Aztecs, but is called different names in the calendars of the Maya, Zapotec, Mixtec, and others of the region.
Many surviving Mesoamerican codices, such as Codex Borbonicus, are divinitory calendars, based on the 260-day year, with each page representing one trecena. 

</doc>
<doc id="2861645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861645" title="Smash Palace">
Smash Palace

Smash Palace is a New Zealand feature film, released in 1981. The film chronicles a former race car driver (played by Bruno Lawrence) who inadvertently helps ruin his own marriage, then kidnaps his daughter (Greer Robson). Lawrence's character runs a carwrecking yard in an isolated area of New Zealand's North Island. "Smash Palace" was the second feature directed by Roger Donaldson. Critical acclaim in the United States won him interest from Hollywood, and the chance to direct the first of a number of films financed outside of New Zealand, "The Bounty".
The soundtrack was composed and performed by New Zealand-born singer Sharon O'Neill. "Smash Palace" has an R16 rating.
Synopsis.
The film centers around the "Smash Palace" car wrecking yard known on the North Island Volcanic Plateau, where former racing driver Al Shaw (Lawrence) lives with his unhappy French wife Jacqui (Jemison) and daughter Georgie (Robson). 
Jacqui begins a relationship with Al's best friend, local police officer Ray Foley (Aberdein). After a violent argument she leaves Al, taking Georgie with her. 
Al kidnaps George and takes her into hiding, but shortly afterwards Georgie falls ill and the police catch up with Al when he tries to rob a pharmacy at gunpoint. Al ends up cornered in Smash Palace, and agrees to hand Georgie over in return for Ray.
Critical reaction.
The film won much acclaim for the performance of the late Bruno Lawrence, one of New Zealand's best-known actors. It was successful in its home land, and received positive reviews in the United States; Veteran critic Pauline Kael described it as "amazingly accomplished". Roger Ebert called it one of the best films of 1981, "so emotionally wise and observant that we learn from it why people sometimes make the front pages with guns in their hands and try to explain that it's all because of love". The New York Times picked it as one of its ten best movies of the year.
At the 1982 Manila Film Festival, Bruno Lawrence received an award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Al Shaw.
As of October 2012, movie website Internet Movie Database rates the film 7 out of 10.
Location.
Much of the film was shot on location at car dismantling business Horopito Motors, which has existed on the same site since the 1940s, in the former town of Horopito near Ohakune (). A scene from road movie "Goodbye Pork Pie" was also shot in the same location.

</doc>
<doc id="2861655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861655" title="Bluebird Film Company">
Bluebird Film Company

Film company founded by Hong Kong prominent actress Xia Meng in late 1970s, produced notable film such as Ann Hui's "Boat People" (1982), A landmark of the nascent Hong Kong New Wave of the early '80s.

</doc>
<doc id="2861662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861662" title="Roger Brierley">
Roger Brierley

Roger Brierley (2 June 1935 - 23 September 2005) was an English actor.
Though never a major star, he appeared in many television productions over a forty year period. He twice appeared in "Doctor Who", as Trevor in "The Daleks' Master Plan" (1965) and as the voice of Drathro in "The Mysterious Planet" (1986). Brierley appeared in the biopic "Jinnah" based on the life of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, in the Granada television series "Jeeves and Wooster" as Sir Roderick Glossop, and as Michael Palin's Latin teacher in an episode of "Ripping Yarns" called "Roger of the Raj", which was first shown on BBC television in 1979. He was also in an "Only Fools and Horses" episode. Later work included portraying John Biffen in the TV dramatisation of "The Alan Clark Diaries" (2004). He also played the hotel manager in "Mr. Bean in Room 426".
He was also passionate about Manchester United football club, and was a founding member of Shareholders United Against Murdoch.
Brierley died of a heart attack on September 23, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2861666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861666" title="A Mother's Gift">
A Mother's Gift

"A Mother's Gift" is a 2001 novel by pop music singer Britney Spears and her mother, Lynne Spears. It is their second book together, following 2000's "Heart-to-Heart". The story is about a 14-year-old girl named Holly Faye Lovell from a tiny, rural town called Biscay in the U.S. state of Mississippi. She gets accepted as a scholarship student into the exclusive Haverty School of Performing Arts, and the story revolves around Holly's life in Haverty, wherein she's the poorest student, and her relationship with her mother, Wanda.
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
The book was adapted for a 2004 ABC Family television movie titled "Brave New Girl" (the new title comes from a song on Spears' album "In the Zone"). Although the plot was drastically changed, Spears was included as an executive producer of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="2861675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861675" title="Alex Carapetis">
Alex Carapetis

Alex Carapetis (born 1982 in Adelaide, Australia) is a professional drummer. After studying jazz at the Adelaide Conservatorium in 2000, he moved to Sydney to further his music career. In 2004 and 2005, Carapetis toured full-time with Jimmy Barnes in Australia and New Zealand. In July 2005, Carapetis toured with Delta Goodrem on her Visualise Tour. He has also worked with Ian Moss, Diesel, Nathan Cavaleri, Robyn Loau and Teenager (Nick Littlemore from PNAU).
In October 2005, Trent Reznor hired Carapetis to be the touring drummer for Nine Inch Nails due to incumbent drummer Jerome Dillon's health problems. His appointment came as a surprise to many fans, as he was not widely known and had not previously worked with Nine Inch Nails. As of the KROQ Acoustic Christmas show in December, Carapetis was replaced by former fill-in drummer, Josh Freese.
Carapetis is the touring drummer for Julian Casablancas and will accompany him on his tour in support of the new album, Phrazes for the Young.
Carapetis is also one of two drummers, the other being Dominic Howard from Muse, in the band Vicky Cryer whose first album 'The Synthetic Love of Emotional Engineering' is due for release on April 16 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2861683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861683" title="Ernos">
Ernos

Ernos is a Finnish band founded in 1966 by the vocalist-pianist-songwriter Erno Lindahl, after whom the band was also named. Their first single 'Yksin' ("Alone"), penned by Lindahl, came out in summer 1966. Soon afterwards the band's bassist Jorma Toivonen and drummer Mikko Kuoppamäki left the Ernos. Late 1966 was released the second single 'Harha' ("Illusion"), another Lindahl composition and probably the best-known track of the Ernos. These were melancholic songs akin to someone like Roy Orbison. Harmonies also played an important part in the Ernos sound, sung alongside Lindahl by Ilari Hannula who joined in 1966, and in summer 1968 Kati Borg and Marjo-Riitta Kervinen. One can even trace doo-wop influences in some of their songs. The Ernos is known for the exuberant stage performances, even visiting Tallinn of Soviet Estonia as the first Western band in autumn 1968. As a celebration the Ernos concert was arranged on 23 Sept 2008 in Tallinn as well, with Ivo Linna and Rock Hotel also performing in concert hall of Estonia theater.
The first Ernos album "Rutto ja romu" (1968) consisted entirely of Erno Linldahl's own compositions except for the song 'Kaikki hyvin', which was a Finnish translation of The Beach Boys' 'Good Vibrations'. The second album "Lekaa otsaan" (1970) included some rock classics sung in English. The final album "Ernos" came out in 1973. Erno Lindahl also did some solo recordings accompanied by the orchestra of Nacke Johansson, such as 'Ei hätää' (a Finnish version of 'Elenore' by The Turtles) and 'Elämältä en halua enempää' ('Obla-Di Obla-Da' by the The Beatles).

</doc>
<doc id="2861686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861686" title="Thriplow">
Thriplow

Thriplow is a village in Cambridgeshire, England, south of Cambridge. The village also gives its name to a former Cambridgeshire hundred.
History.
The parish of Thriplow covers roughly spanning the land between the former London to Cambridge coaching road (now the B1368) and the Royston to Newmarket road (now the A505). The presence of tumuli in the south of the parish suggest an Iron Age settlement and a barrow to the east of the village contains a Bronze Age burial. The village itself probably existed in Romano-British times (circa A.D.150). The presence of the Icknield Way to the south of the village was probably an important factor in its growth.
Listed as "Tripelan" in around 1050 and "Trepeslau" in the Domesday Book, the name "Thriplow" means "Hill or tumulus of a man called Tryppa". Tryppa is believed to be a Bronze Age chieftain who may be buried in the tumulus just south east of the church.
In 1647 the New Model Army camped on Thriplow Heath (often referred to in contemporary accounts as 'Triploe Heath') after its refusal to disband during its dispute with parliament. Thirteen Thriplow residents are recorded to have perished in the First World War and three in the Second World War.
In recent times the hamlet of Heathfield has built up in the south east of the parish alongside the Imperial War Museum Duxford, with most of the housing dating from the 2000s. Its population (c600) is now larger than that of Thriplow village (c440).
Church.
There has been a church in Thriplow since at least the 12th century. In 1284 the church was given to Peterhouse, Cambridge and the first recorded vicar, John de Hyndrayngham, was installed in 1299.
The parish church of St George (previously dedicated to All Saints until the 19th century) dates from the late 13th century and consists of a chancel with north vestry, north and south transepts, a central tower with short spire, and a nave with south porch. The tower and spire date from the 14th century. The south porch was rebuilt by Gilbert Scott in 1877.
Dowsing mutilated the church screen in 1644.
The parish is now held with that of Fowlmere and no vicar has lived in Thriplow since 1936.
Village life.
Thriplow has one public house, The Green ManTGM Website which has been open since the first half of the 19th century. Former pubs include The Fox, on the east side of Church Street, open in the early 19th century and which burned down in 1919. The Red Lion at the north end of Middle Street burned down around 1941 with the site taken by the village hall in 1958.
The village shop last operated as an independent commercial concern between 1997 and 2000. After that there were several attempts to continue the shop as a business which failed, and the management was finally taken over by the Thriplow Village Shop Association in June–July 2007. The village is also home to a park, a primary school, a village hall and a cricket ground.
The smithy on the village green was still open in the early 1960s but was given to the village in 1964 as a museum. It opens twice a year when the blacksmith gives a demonstration of traditional skills.
Thriplow also contains two sites of special scientific interest, Thriplow Meadows and Thriplow Peat Holes.
The Thriplow Daffodil Weekend.
The tradition started in 1969 in an attempt to raise money for repairing the church and has run each year since (except for 2001 when the weekend was cancelled due to Foot-and-Mouth disease.) The event is organised by the Daffodil Weekend Trust and raises funds for a different charity each year, with the charity for 2014 being Home Start. There are numerous attractions during the weekend including heavy horses giving dray rides, children’s entertainment, sheep dogs working, open gardens and stalls. New for 2014 was a miniature steam railway offering rides to visitors on the Cricket Meadow, and over the last two years, the weekend has hosted a Taste of Thriplow. Located on Peggs Close, the Taste of Thriplow site is devoted to local food and drink heroes and in 2014, the addition of a beer tent and local musicians was very well received by visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="2861689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861689" title="Veintena">
Veintena

A veintena is the Spanish-derived name for a 20-day period used in pre-Columbian Mesoamerican calendars. The division is often casually referred to as a "month", although it is not coordinated with the lunar cycle. The term is most frequently used with respect to the 365-day Aztec calendar, the "xiuhpohualli", although 20-day periods are also used in the 365-day Maya calendar (the Mayan "tun"), as well as by other Mesoamerican civilizations such as the Zapotec and Mixtec. 
The 365-day cycle is divided into 18 veintenas of 20 days each, giving 360 days; an additional 5 "nameless days" or "nemontemi" are appended to bring the total to 365.
The name used for these periods in pre-Columbian times is unknown. In Nahuatl, the word for "twenty days" is "cempōhualilhuitl" from the words "cempōhualli" "twenty" and "ilhuitl" "day". Through Spanish usage, the 20-day period of the Aztec calendar has become commonly known as a "veintena". The Aztec word for moon is "metzli", and this word is today to describe these 20-day periods, although as the sixteenth-century missionary and early ethnographer, Diego Durán explained:
In ancient times the year was composed of eighteen months, and thus it was observed by these Indian people. Since their months were made of no more than twenty days, these were all the days contained in a month, because they were not guided by the moon but by the days; therefore, the year had eighteen months. The days of the year were counted twenty by twenty.
Each 20-day period started on a "Cipactli" (Crocodile) day of the "tonalpohualli" for which a festival was held. The eighteen "veintena" are listed below. The dates in the chart are from the early eye-witnesses, Diego Durán and Bernardino de Sahagún. Each wrote what they learned from Nahua informants. Sahagún's date precedes the Durán's observations by several decades and is believed to be more recent to the Aztec surrender to the Spanish. Both are shown to emphasize the fact that the beginning of the Native new year became non-uniform as a result of an absence of the unifying force of Tenochtitlan after the Mexica defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="2861703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861703" title="Kazakhmys">
Kazakhmys

Kazakhmys Plc (, , ) is a UK-registered copper mining company whose main assets are located in Kazakhstan. Its headquarters are in London, United Kingdom. The headquarters of its main subsidiary, Kazakhmys Corporation, are located in Astana, Kazakhstan. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, also it is secondarily listed in Hong Kong in June 2011.
History.
The company's origins date back to 1930 when operations began at the Balkhash copper smelting complex in Kazakhstan. The company operates 16 open pit and underground mines along with two smelting and refining plants in the Republic of Kazakhstan. The holding company of Kazakhmys group, Kazakhmys PLC, was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in October 2005.
Operations.
Kazakhmys is the largest copper producer in Kazakhstan and one of the top worldwide with 16 operating mines, 8 concentrators and a copper smelter. Kazakhmys Mining’s operations are fully integrated from mining ore through to the production of finished copper cathode and rod. Total copper cathode equivalent output from own ore was 294 kt in 2013. Production is backed by a captive power supply and significant rail infrastructure.
Kazakhmys Mining produces significant volumes of other metals, including zinc, silver and gold. In 2013, it produced 134 kt of zinc in concentrate. The Group is amongst the largest global silver producers with output of 14 Moz in 2013.
Kazakhmys Power operates the captive power stations which supply electricity to Kazakhmys Mining and third parties. In 2013, net power generated by captive power stations was 5,723 GWh.

</doc>
<doc id="2861704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861704" title="Baddaginnie, Victoria">
Baddaginnie, Victoria

Baddaginnie () is a small town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Albury-Wodonga railway line, in the Rural City of Benalla, 12 kilometres south-west of Benalla itself on the old Hume Highway. It is situated in mainly flat unforested country, one kilometre west of Baddaginnie Creek. At the 2006 census, Baddaginnie and the surrounding area had a population of 460.
The town was surveyed in 1857, named after the nearby Baddaginnie Creek, but settlement was slow, a Post Office finally opening on 16 September 1879.
George "Joey" Palmer, the 1880s Australian test cricketer, died there on 22 August 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="2861707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861707" title="Ronald Leigh-Hunt">
Ronald Leigh-Hunt

Ronald Leigh-Hunt (5 October 1920 – 12 September 2005) was a British film and television actor.
His father was a stockbroker and he attended the Italia Conti Academy. He began acting whilst serving in the army. Though never a major star, he appeared in over a hundred television and film productions over a forty-year period, including as King Arthur in "The Adventures of Sir Lancelot" in the mid-1950s, and "General Hospital" in the early 1970s.
He appeared in "Danger Man" and twice in "Doctor Who", as Commander Radnor in "The Seeds of Death" (1969) and as Commander Stevenson in "Revenge of the Cybermen" (1975); and starred as Colonel Buchan in the 1960s - 1970s children's TV series "Freewheelers".
He appeared in a Series 2 episode of critically acclaimed TV series "Minder" entitled "You Lose Some, You Win Some".
His film appearances included "The League of Gentlemen" (1960), "Le Mans" (1971) and "The Omen" (1976).
In his later years he was a familiar sight at the Green Room Club where he was an honorary member.

</doc>
<doc id="2861716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861716" title="Spence Tatchell">
Spence Tatchell

Henry Spencer Tatchell (July 16, 1924 – January 8, 2007) was a NHL defenceman. During the 1942–43 NHL season he played for the New York Rangers in his only NHL game. Prior to turning professional, Tatchell played junior ice hockey in Winnipeg, Manitoba with both the Winnipeg Rangers and Winnipeg Monarchs. He was born in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan.
During the 1942-43 season he played in the Eastern Hockey League with the New York Rovers. It was during this season that Tatchell his only opportunity to play in the NHL as he was called up to play in one game with the New York Rangers. 
During the 1943-44 season Tatchell played with the Cornwallis Navy. On 12 January 1944, the New York Rangers traded to Tatchell to the Montreal Canadiens (along with Hub Macey and Nestor Lubeck) for Kilby MacDonald, but Tatchell spent the following year in Military service and did not play in another NHL game.
Following World War II Tatchell played with both the Nelson Maple Leafs and the Kimberley Dynamiters in the Western International Hockey League before retiring from hockey in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="2861727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861727" title="Norway national basketball team">
Norway national basketball team

The Norwegian national basketball team, regulated by "Norges Basketballforbund", is the basketball side that represents Norway in international competitions.
Its first match was played in 1966, when Norway lost 39-74 to Iceland. The most capped player is Torgeir Bryn, with 111 caps.
Norway has tried qualifying for the Eurobasket competition several times, but never made it. They only entered the Olympic qualification once, for the 1988 Summer Olympics. Norway is Europe's most populous nation to never qualify for a major international basketball competition, only behind Belarus and Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="2861734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861734" title="Eurofor">
Eurofor

European Rapid Operational Force (Eurofor) is a multinational rapid reaction force composed of forces from four states of the European Union: Italy, France, Portugal and Spain as part of a Battlegroup of the European Union. It has a permanent staff capable of commanding operations, involving commitments of up to a Light Division in size. Eurofor was formed in 1995, and was answerable to the Western European Union (WEU) directly. It is tasked with performing the so-called Petersberg tasks, including humanitarian, peacekeeping and peace enforcement missions. With the merger of several WEU elements into the European Union, Eurofor has by and large become part of the Common Security and Defence Policy. 
Missions.
Eurofor has been involved in two deployments, one in Albania and one in Macedonia.
"Mission Albania" was in response to a refugee crisis in Albania following the Kosovo War. The deployment was initially part of NATO operation "Allied Harbor" and once NATO ground forces entered Kosovo, Eurofor's mission also incorporated the defence of NATO supply lines through Albania. 
"Mission Macedonia" was conducted under the wing of the European Union, as part of EUFOR Concordia. Formally, Eurofor became answerable directly to the European Union, through the Political and Security Committee. This operation began on 31 March 2003 when the Macedonian authorities invited assistance with the goal of the establishment of a stable and secure environment in Macedonia. This mission officially ended on 15 December 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2861736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861736" title="XOR (video game)">
XOR (video game)

XOR is a computer puzzle game created by Astral Software and published by Logotron in 1987 for a range of platforms including the Acorn Electron, Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, BBC Micro, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum. It has since been unofficially remade for platforms including Windows, Apple Macintosh, Linux, RISC OS, the SAM Coupé, the Game Boy Advance, and Uzebox.
"XOR" is a pure puzzle game with no random or arcade elements, as summed up by the blurb on Logotron's original extensive advertising campaign:
Gameplay.
Objective.
The player controls two shields, "Magus" and "Questor", which can be moved horizontally and vertically though the maze, in order to collect masks. The object of each level is to collect all the masks, then reach the exit. In all levels, use of both shields are required for completion, and in some, one shield must be sacrificed (walled in or destroyed) in order to complete the level.
Force fields.
In the first level, the only obstacles except for the maze walls themselves, are two types of force field: one of which can only be entered from above or below, and a second which can only be entered from left or right. In both cases entering the force field destroys it.
Fish and chickens.
In subsequent levels, fish and chicken objects are introduced. Fish fall downwards whenever possible, while chickens run to the left if not blocked. Both can destroy the player's shields by hitting them from more than one square away (like rocks in Boulder Dash). Fish and chickens can move through force fields if entering from the appropriate direction. It is also possible to push fish left or right, and chickens up and down.
Bombs.
There are two types of bombs in XOR: V-bombs ("vertical") and H-bombs ("horizontal"). V-bombs (shaped like jars of nitroglycerin) move left in the same manner as chickens, while H-bombs (shaped like old-fashioned spherical bombs with a burning fuse) fall downwards like fish. Like fish and chickens, H-bombs can be pushed left and right, and V-bombs can be pushed up or down, by the player's shield.
A bomb explodes when it is hit from more than one square away by a fish, a chicken, or another bomb. The object hitting the bomb is destroyed, along with anything directly above or below a V-bomb, or to the left or to the right of an H-bomb. If one bomb hits another, only the bomb that is hit (the lower or left-hand one) actually detonates.
Dolls.
Unlike fish and chickens, dolls cannot move on their own, although the player's shields can push them around the maze. Once a doll is moving it keeps going until it hits an obstacle. Dolls cannot detonate bombs or pass through force fields.
Related releases.
"XOR Designer" allowed players to design their own levels. "XOR for Schools" included six new mazes and a paper planning sheet, intended to be photocopied by teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="2861737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861737" title="George Getty">
George Getty

George Franklin Getty (17 October 1855 in Maryland – 31 May 1930) was an American lawyer, father of industrialist J. Paul Getty and patriarch of the Getty family.
Background.
George Franklin Getty was born in 1855 in Allegany County, Maryland to Martha Ann Wily and John Getty (1835-1861), who was the son of James Getty and the grandson of another John Getty, a Scotch Irish Presbyterian who immigrated to America and was a relative of the namesake of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Shortly after his birth Getty's family moved from Maryland to Ohio where his father died in 1861. Getty was forced to work at a young age until his uncle, Joseph Getty, provided funds for George to attend school. 
Eventually Getty married and attended law school in Michigan and was admitted to the bar. In 1884, George F. Getty moved to Minneapolis, Minnesota where he specialized in insurance and corporate law and made a good living in what was the "flour capital" of America. In 1890 his first child, a daughter, died in a typhoid epidemic that hit the city. In 1892, the Gettys had another child, a son, Jean Paul Getty (later known as J. Paul Getty).
In 1904, the Gettys moved from Minnesota to Oklahoma, where George began a career as an independent oilman. Within two years, he had amassed a fortune from his Minnehoma Oil Company and moved his family to Los Angeles, California. In 1913, George lent his son Jean Paul (then aged 21) money to invest in oil wells. By 1915, Jean Paul had made his first million and the following year George and Jean Paul incorporated the Getty Oil Company, later to become Getty Oil. 
George never approved of Jean Paul's lifestyle. Perhaps this is why he did not leave the company in the sole control of his son. George F. Getty died in 1930. He left his estate, in the form of the controlling interest in the family firm "George F. Getty, Inc." and valued at between $10 million and $15 million U.S., to his wife Sarah, although Jean Paul Getty became President of the firm.
George Getty II.
Jean Paul Getty's eldest son, George Franklin Getty's grandson, was named George Franklin Getty II (1924–1973), and was an executive in the Getty Oil company until his death. His residence, Getty House, was then donated to the city, and became the official residence of the serving Mayor of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2861738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861738" title="Stephen Tepper">
Stephen Tepper

Stephen Christopher Tepper (born March 10, 1969 in Santa Ana, California and raised in Westborough, Massachusetts) is a former professional ice hockey right wing. He was drafted in the seventh round, 134th overall, by the Chicago Blackhawks in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft. After playing four seasons at the University of Maine, Tepper played one game in the National Hockey League with the Blackhawks during the 1992–93 season, going scoreless.

</doc>
<doc id="2861745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861745" title="Labor market of Japan">
Labor market of Japan

The labor force in Japan numbered 65.9 million people in 2010, which was 59.6% of the population of 15 years old and older, and amongst them, 62.57 million people were employed, whereas 3.34 million people were unemployed which made the unemployment rate 5.1%. The structure of Japan's labor market experienced gradual change in the late 1980s and continued this trend throughout the 1990s. The structure of the labor market is affected by: 1) shrinking population, 2) replacement of postwar baby boom generation, 3) increasing numbers of women in the labor force, and 4) workers' rising education level. Also, increase in numbers of foreign nationals in the labor force is foreseen.
Character.
The basic Japanese employment structure is known as "Simultaneous recruiting of new graduates" and "ranking hierarchy", which includes seniority wages and lifetime employment. It allows employees to learn broad skills to achieve in long-term perspective through job rotation and on-the-job training which is likely to be firm-specific. Since Japanese firms develop firm-specific skills throughout long-term employment, it is difficult to enter the internal labor market which is only open to new graduates from high school or university, or those who can be competitive in the market with their special qualification or knowledge. This internal market worked well in Japanese firms.
However, Japan has shifted to US-type regulation and capitalism after the burst of economic bubble, and Japanese firms have introduced two developments: 1) performance-related pay, and 2) non-regular employment such as part-time, temporary and hiring through human resource agencies.
Performance-related pay requires short-term evaluation of employees' performance, which means that wage could reflect immediate job performance rather than the skills over the long-term. This could have negative effect on the long-term development. It was suggested that this system cannot be efficacious for typical Japanese firms where skill-based wages motivate employees to gain experience and build their abilities. However, the notion of non-regular employment was introduced by the employer's association Nikkeiren and has been promoted since the 1990s. The principal reason of innovation in flexible staffing is not for flexibility but economizing labor costs. Non-regular employees are common in the retailing and restaurant sectors: 44.3% in retailing and 63.4% in restaurant/hotel industry compared to 17.7% in construction and 21.4% in manufacturing industry in 2004.
Demographic Impact.
Japan is now facing a shortage of labor caused by two major demographic problems: shrinking population because of a low fertility rate, which was 1.4 per woman in 2009, and replacement of the postwar generation which is the biggest population range who are now around retirement age. The population aged over 15 to 64 years old is 63.7% (80,730 thousand people) of the total population; most of them are considered as productive population who work and support those who are too old or too young to work, while the percentage of the population aged 65 and over is 23.1% of the total population in 2011 This impacts the shortage of labor in the physical care of the aged people, and Japanese government started bring in care workers from overseas which is managed by bilateral agreements with Indonesia and the Philippines.
Recently, Japan has seriously considered introducing "foreign workers" to the nation twice. The first was in the late 1980s, when there was the labor shortage because of the economic boom, however it was forgotten when the economy worsened. The second started in 1999 since the labor shortage caused by demographic change
Workers' changing attitudes.
The success of corporations in Japan is attributable to the remarkable motivation of its workers. Also behind this corporate prosperity is the workers' strong sense of loyalty to and identification with their employers. While many theories have evolved to explain the extraordinary attitude of Japanese workers, perhaps the most noteworthy is that of personnel management. This view holds that loyalty to the company has developed as a result of job security and a wage system in which those with the greatest seniority reap the highest rewards. Such corporate structure presumably fostered not only a determined interest in the company but also a low percentage of workers who changed jobs.
During the postwar economic reconstruction, the backbone of the labor force was, of course, made up of people born before World War II. These people grew up in a Japan that was still largely an agriculturally based economy and had little material wealth. Moreover, they had suffered the hardships of war and had accepted hard work as a part of their lives. In the late twentieth century, these people were being replaced by generations born after the war, and there were indications that the newcomers had different attitudes toward work. Postwar generations were accustomed to prosperity and were also better educated than their elders.
As might be expected, these socioeconomic changes have affected workers' attitudes. Prior to World War II, surveys indicated that the aspect of life regarded as most worthwhile was work. During the 1980s, the percentage of people who felt this way was declining. Workers' identification with their employers was weakening as well. A survey by the Management and Coordination Agency revealed that a record 2.7 million workers changed jobs in the one-year period beginning October 1, 1986, and the ratio of those who switched jobs to the total labor force matched the previous high recorded in 1974 (one year after the first oil crisis). This survey also showed that the percentage of workers indicating an interest in changing jobs increased from 4.5 percent in 1971 to 9.9 percent in 1987.
Another indication of changing worker attitudes is the number of people meeting with corporate scouts to discuss the possibility of switching jobs. Corporations' treatment of older workers also affects attitudes: there are fewer positions for older workers, and many find themselves without the rewards that their predecessors had enjoyed.
Workers from Overseas.
Traditionally, Japan has had strict laws regarding the employment of foreigners, although exceptions were made for certain occupational categories. Excepted categories have included executives and managers engaged in commercial activities, full-time scholars associated with research and education institutions, professional entertainers, engineers and others specializing in advanced technology, foreign-language teachers, and others with special skills unavailable among Japanese nationals. Officially, in 2008 there were 486,400 foreign workers in Japan: 43.3% of Chinese, 20.4% of Brazilians, 8.3% of Filipinos and others (A labour Ministry survey of Companies)
Despite the now-reversed upward trend in the unemployment rate, many unpopular jobs go unfilled and the domestic labor market is sluggish. Imported labor is seen as a solution to this situation by some employers, who hire low-paid foreign workers, who are, in turn, enticed by comparatively high Japanese wages. The strict immigration laws are expected to remain on the books, however, although the influx of illegal aliens from nearby Asian countries (China, South-East Asian and Middle-Eastern countries) to participate in the labor market is likely to increase.Japanese companies have also established foreign subsidiaries to profit from low wages overseas. This trend started in Singapore in the 1970s. The outsourcing helped to build local infrastructure and started a technological transfer, and some of the former subsidiaries and joint ventures developed into fierce competitors.
China and Vietnam.
China has become an exporter of labor to Japan to perform low wage "3K", 3K; kitsui (demanding), kitanai (dirty), and kiken (dangerous), labor. Chinese workers are hired by Chinese companies which contract with Japanese industry to provide labor. The Japanese government facilitates the import of labor by adopting the fiction that the workers are "trainees" under the Japan International Training Cooperation Organization (JITCO). Hours are long, pay sub-standard, and the freedom of the workers while in Japan is restricted. The Chinese or Vietnamese workers customarily pay a substantial sum to enter the programs and may have to make a substantial deposit as a guarantee that once in Japan they will work for the assigned employer, nevertheless, once in Japan, a number abandon the program and seek illegal employment in Japan, only the most exploitive being available. There is also a substantial number or workers from Vietnam.
Brazil.
Japanese-Brazilians are descendants of Japanese who have immigrated to Brazil. They were discovered as a new labor source around 1990 and around one fifth of them now reside in Japan, which increased even after the collapse of the bubble economy in 1990. They are mainly located in two less appreciated sectors: 1) comparatively stable but low wage level in small to medium size factories troubled by constant labor shortage, and 2) highly unstable in medium to large size firms needing flexible staffing. The employers prefer Japanese-Brazilians to undocumented workers for racial or ethnocultural reasons. Earlier migrants were relatively fluent in Japanese, and caused less xenophobic reaction in factories. Undocumented workers tend to find jobs based on their personal networks whereas Brazilians do so through institutionalized channels, including recruiting agencies, and are paid more. 
During 2009, the national unemployment reached 5.7%, which is considerably high in Japan, especially in the manufacture industry which congregates in Tokai area, where estimated 83,000 of Japanese-Brazilians and Peruvians work in the industry. In April, the Japanese government budgeted 1.08 billion yen (valued 1.08 million US dollar in 2009) for Japanese-Brazilian immigrant workers for training, including Japanese language lesson, but also offered 300,000 yen (average wage of 18 to 39 years old in manufacture industry is 241,200 yen) to any unemployed workers who wished to leave the country and 200,000 yen each to their family members on the condition of not returning to Japan within 3 years with the same status
The United States of America.
In the 1980s, the strong Yen allowed Japanese companies to buy several American firms, adding a large American workforce to Japanese companies. The crisis of the 1990s, the lost decade, reversed the process, and western companies were buying major stakes in big Japanese companies, especially car makers. The process became like that of the 1980s by the early 2000s, when the country experienced a major recovery under the Koizumi administration. During that time, western stakes were greatly reduced or eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="2861746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861746" title="Jews outside Europe under Axis occupation">
Jews outside Europe under Axis occupation

From Latvia to Libya and Iraq, there was no exception in the Nazis policy of racial discrimination and physical annihilation of the Jews. As stated by Yehuda Bauer, academic advisor at Yad Vashem, "regarding the Jews, the perpetrators were equal opportunity killers.
Jews in political/imperial Europe under Axis occupation suffered greatly in the Axis countries during the Holocaust and World War II:
In European North Africa.
There were 400,000 Jews in France's territories in North Africa (French Algeria, which was an integral part of France, and the French protectorates of Morocco and Algeria). They were included in the number relevant to "the Final Solution to the Jewish Question in Europe" under: "France/unoccupied territory 700,000 (see Sir Martin Gilbert's the Dent Atlas of the Holocaust, p. 99) 
The Jews of Denmark and European North Africa were spared the mass deportations that happened in the rest of Europe.
Jews of Italian Libya in the Shoah.
Libya was under Italian rule. The Jews, who were British and Italian subjects, suffered from anti-Semitism and economic restrictions as a result of the tightening of the relations with Germany. From 1942 laws of racial discrimination were activated in Libya and men between the ages of 18-45 were recruited to forced labor and thousands died from hunger and epidemics. In February of that year the Germans ordered the transferring of the Jews to concentration camps.
Jews of Vichy-Algeria in the Shoah.
Vichy rule (that ruled in Algeria from 1940) cancelled the citizenship of the Jews and instituted the same restrictions that applied to the Jews of France (and forbid them to work for the government, to be bankers, teachers and students, and also the number of Jews permitted to work in free professions was limited). In 1941 the property of the Jews was confiscated. However, in a sign of the solidarity in suffering, not a single Muslim Algerian took advantage of Jewish confiscated property; on a Friday in 1941, religious leaders throughout Algiers delivered sermons warning Muslims against participation in schemes to strip Jews of their property. The suffering of the Jews of Algeria was difficult because of their previous high position in society. In 1941 some Jews joined the anti-Nazi underground. Many Jews were caught and were sent to labor camps or were executed. The Judenräte required assistance in preparation of materiel. In November 1942 Algeria was occupied by the United States and Great Britain. In 1943, the restraints on the Jews of Algeria were officially cancelled.
Jews of Vichy-Tunisia in the Shoah.
Tunisia was also under pro-Nazi Vichy rule which extended its anti-Jewish measures also to Morocco and Algeria. In November 1942 Nazi Germany occupied French Tunisia during six months, until May 1943. SS Oberstrumbannführer Walther Rauff, a brutal and notorious killer involved in the development of death gas vans and the Final Solution in Eastern Europe, was posted as commander of Tunis. From July 1942 until May 1943, he headed an Einsatzkommando to take care of the Jewish Question in Tunisia, and to continue to implement the Final Solution in Vichy-Tunisia. Oswald Pohl, charged by Himmler to organize the camps in Eastern Europe joined him. Despite constant attacks by the Allies, Rauff instigated drastic anti-Jewish policies.
The Nazis established a local Judenrat, took hostages, confiscated the property of the Jews (aryanization) and imposed on the community heavy financial punishments. The community was required to provide the needs of the German army, and the synagogue become a German storeroom. The Jews were marked with the Yellow badge, 5,000 Jews were sent to more than 30 slave labor camps in Tunisia and a few were sent to the extermination camps. Many Jews were murdered by means of being shot in their homes, Death marches, hunger, diseases and bombings.
Tunisia was liberated by the Allies in May 1943, and the persecution of the Jews ceased. It was the first Jewish community to be liberated from Nazi Germany.
Jews of Vichy-Morocco in the Shoah.
In 1940, the Nazi-controlled Vichy government issued antisemitic decrees excluding Jews from public functions and imposing the wear of yellow Magen David star. Sultan Mohamed V refused to apply these laws and, as sign of defiance, insisted on inviting all the rabbis of Morocco to the 1941 throne celebrations.
In Asia.
Jews of Iraq in the Shoah.
While not under occupation of Nazi Germany, Iraq was, for a short term, under the Nazi-allied regime of Rashid Ali al-Gaylani. While the regime did not last long, the Farhud (a pogrom in which 180 Jews died) is considered among its results.
Jews in Japan and China.
Prior to the war there was a small Jewish presence in Japan, particularly Kobe, which consisted of Jews originating predominantly from Russia, as well as those from the Middle East, Eastern Europe and the United States. In Japanese-occupied China there was a more significant Jewish population, including White Russian refugees and Baghdadi Jews. As Jewish persecution in Europe stepped up an increasing number of refugees travelled to China by steamship or had transited through the Soviet Union and were hoping to move on to the United States. Most of these Jews were concentrated in the Shanghai International Settlement.
When Japan entered the war many Jews were interned, including the Baghdadi Jews who were identified as British subjects. The Japanese implemented strict measures to control the activities of the Shanghai ghetto who were restricted in 1943 to a one square mile city block shared with 100,000 Chinese. However despite repeated requests from Nazi Germany to implement anti-semitic policies, including exterminating the Jewish population in the Shanghai ghetto, the Jewish population was generally left alone (apart from wartime privations).

</doc>
<doc id="2861752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861752" title="Torgeir Bryn">
Torgeir Bryn

Torgeir Bryn (pronounced ; born 19 August 1964) is a retired Norwegian professional basketball player. A 6'9" (2.06 m) and 250 lb (113 kg) center born in Oslo, Bryn is notable for being the only Norwegian who has played in the NBA thus far.
Club career.
USA.
In the U.S., Bryn attended MiraCosta Community College (Oceanside, California) and then Southwest Texas State University (San Marcos, Texas), where he played NCAA college basketball. At MiraCosta College Bryn played for Clete Adelman, older brother of NBA coach Rick Adelman. He enjoyed a very brief NBA career during the 1989–90 season; his stint for the Los Angeles Clippers limited to playing ten minutes over three matches in which he scored four points. He also played for several CBA clubs and a USBL club. In the CBA, Bryn played for the Tulsa Fast Breakers, San Jose Jammers, Quad City Thunder, Fort Wayne Fury and Omaha Racers. He averaged 7.1 points in 71 games between 1989 and 1993.
Europe.
Bryn also played professionally for a number of European clubs.
Norway.
His youth club in Norway was Ammerud Basket. He also had spells for the Oslo Kings (Vålerenga Kings) and Harstad Vikings.
Bryn made a comeback for Ammerud Basket at the age of 43, before the 2007–08 BLNO season. He played together with his son, Martin Bryn.
International career.
He is the most capped player for the Norway national basketball team, with 111 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="2861755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861755" title="Glenn Tomalty">
Glenn Tomalty

Glenn William Tomalty (born July 23, 1954 in Lachute, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in one National Hockey League game for the Winnipeg Jets during the 1979–80 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2861764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861764" title="Kirk Tomlinson">
Kirk Tomlinson

Kirk H. Tomlinson (born May 2, 1968) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in one National Hockey League game for the Minnesota North Stars during the 1987–88 NHL season. He is also a former head coach in the West Coast Hockey League, United Hockey League, and Central Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="2861768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861768" title="Sean Toomey">
Sean Toomey

Sean Justin Toomey (born June 27, 1965 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American former professional ice hockey centre. He was drafted in the seventh round, 136th overall, by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft. He played one National Hockey League game with the North Stars in the 1986–87 season, going scoreless.

</doc>
<doc id="2861773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861773" title="Martin Browning">
Martin Browning

Martin Browning (born 1946) is Professor of Economics at the University of Oxford, Oxford, England, and a Fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford.
Browning received his undergraduate education at the London School of Economics. He was previously the Director of the Center for Applied Microeconometrics at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Research.
His work is in microeconomic analysis, with emphasis in the empirical assessments of theoretical propositions. He has worked in the areas of intrahousehold decision making; demand analysis; consumption and saving, and its interaction with labor supply. An important part of his work concerns the empirical assessment of rationality through the concept of Revealed preference, and the modeling of individual heterogeneity in applied work.

</doc>
<doc id="2861775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861775" title="Brock Tredway">
Brock Tredway

Brock R. Tredway (born June 23, 1959 in Highland Creek, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey wing. A 1981 graduate of Cornell University, he played four seasons with the Cornell Big Red and was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. Tredway holds a number of all-time Cornell Career records including Goals Scored (113), Game Winning Goals (15), Hat Tricks (13),and Power Play Goals (46). 
After graduation, Tredway joined the American Hockey League's New Haven Nighthawks. He played one game in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings during the 1982 Stanley Cup Playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="2861776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861776" title="Randy Turnbull">
Randy Turnbull

Randy Layne Turnbull (born February 7, 1962 in Red Deer, Alberta) is a retired ice hockey defenceman. In 1980, he was drafted in the 5th round (97th overall) by the Calgary Flames. He played one NHL game for the Calgary Flames in the 1981–82 season. He was primarily known as a tough guy. In the role as enforcer, he was a feared role player in the juniors and minor leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="2861783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861783" title="Sibyrtius">
Sibyrtius

Sibyrtius (Greek:; lived 4th century BC) was a Greek officer from Crete in the service of Alexander the Great, who was appointed by him, on his return from India (326 BC), governor of the province of Carmania. This post he shortly after exchanged for the more important satrapy of Arachosia and Gedrosia, to which he succeeded on the death of Thoas. At the death of Alexander (323 BC), Sibyrtius, in common with most of the other governors of the remote eastern provinces, retained possession of his satrapy, which was again confirmed to him in the second partition at Triparadisus, 321 BC. In the subsequent divisions which arose among the eastern satraps, Sibyrtius was one of those who supported Peucestas against Peithon and Seleucus, and afterwards accompanied that leader when he joined Eumenes in Susiana, 317 BC. His attachment was, however, to Peucestas, and not to Eumenes, and in the intrigues of the former against his commander-in-chief, Sibyrtius supported him so strongly that he incurred the especial resentment of Eumenes, who threatened to bring him to trial; a fate from which he only escaped by a hasty flight. But this open rupture with Eumenes had the advantage of securing him the favour of Antigonus, who, after the defeat of his rival, confirmed Sibyrtius in his satrapy, and placed under his command a large part of the select body of troops termed Argyraspids; a measure adopted with the ostensible object of guarding these provinces against the neighbouring barbarians, but in reality with a view to the gradual destruction of the troops in question, whose turbulent and disaffected spirit was well known..
Arrian mentions that Megasthenes, the historian and ambassador of Seleucus to India after his 303 treaty with Chandragupta, lived with Sibyrtius, suggesting the latter may have remained at his post as satrap for quite a long time:

</doc>
<doc id="2861798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861798" title="Vital (film)">
Vital (film)

Vital is a Japanese film made in 2004. It was directed by Shinya Tsukamoto and stars Tadanobu Asano as Hiroshi Takagi, a man whose girlfriend dies and who loses his memory in a car accident.
The original concept that inspired Vital was the image of medical students making sketches during a dissection. Tsukamoto visited a medical school and observed a dissection while writing the screenplay, which was originally titled: "Dissection Film Project". Leonardo da Vinci's anatomical sketches were a direct inspiration.
Plot.
Hiroshi (Tadanobu Asano) wakes up in a hospital room and realizes that he was in a serious car accident that caused the death of his girlfriend, Ryoko (Nami Tsukamoto), as well as the loss of his memory. While trying to regain his memory, one of the first clues that Hiroshi finds are his old medical textbooks that he studied prior to his accident. This gives him a renewed purpose in life and he delves forward into his medical school studies. One of his medical school classmates, Ikumi (Kiki), soon becomes infatuated with Hiroshi, although he does not return her interests initially. During a 4-month period, in which his class dissects human cadavers, Hiroshi realizes that the body that he is dissecting is the body of his former girlfriend, Ryoko, which causes more of Hiroshi’s memory to return. During this time, Hiroshi engages in a relationship with his classmate Ikumi, that helps him recall further memories of his ex-girlfriend. Ikumi, meanwhile, feels jealous rage because of Hiroshi’s devotion in dissecting the cadaver of Ryoko, while Hiroshi is consumed in the quest to understand who that person was that died in his car and ultimately find out who he really is.

</doc>
<doc id="2861799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861799" title="Tensor product of graphs">
Tensor product of graphs

In graph theory, the tensor product "G" × "H" of graphs "G" and "H" is a graph such that
The tensor product is also called the direct product, categorical product, cardinal product, relational product, Kronecker product, weak direct product, or conjunction. As an operation on binary relations, the tensor product was introduced by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell in their Principia Mathematica (1912). It is also equivalent to the Kronecker product of the adjacency matrices of the graphs.
The notation "G" × "H" is also sometimes used to represent another construction known as the Cartesian product of graphs, but more commonly refers to the tensor product. The cross symbol shows visually the two edges resulting from the tensor product of two edges.
Properties.
The tensor product is the category-theoretic product in the category of graphs and graph homomorphisms. That is, there is a homomorphism from "G" × "H" to "G" and to "H" (given by projection onto each coordinate of the vertices) such that any other graph that has a homomorphism to both "G" and "H" has a homomorphism to "G" × "H" that factors through the homomorphisms to "G" and "H".
The adjacency matrix of "G" × "H" is the tensor product of the adjacency matrices of "G" and "H".
If a graph can be represented as a tensor product, then there may be multiple different representations (tensor products do not satisfy unique factorization) but each representation has the same number of irreducible factors. gives a polynomial time algorithm for recognizing tensor product graphs and finding a factorization of any such graph.
If either "G" or "H" is bipartite, then so is their tensor product. "G" × "H" is connected if and only if both factors are connected and at least one factor is nonbipartite. In particular the bipartite double cover of "G" is connected if and only if "G" is connected and nonbipartite.
The Hedetniemi conjecture gives a formula for the chromatic number of a tensor product.

</doc>
<doc id="2861800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861800" title="Azman bin Abdullah">
Azman bin Abdullah

Azman bin Abdullah in Singapore is a renowned Singaporean bodybuilder who became a local icon and world-leading sportsman in the 1990s. 
In 1982, he was second to TANG Yong Kiang (AKA Victor) in the Junior Mr Singapore Championship. But the loss was one that was not repeated for a long time.
Winner of the Mr Singapore title on five separate occasions and the continent-elite Mr Asia five times from 1989 to 1993, he also scooped the prestigious Asian Pro-Am Classic in 1992, and was a multiple gold medal winner in the Southeast Asian Games in 1989, 1991 and in 1993, when the biennial games were held in Singapore.
In 1993, Azman made history as the first Singaporean to strike gold in the World Games Bodybuilding Championships. An event sanctioned by the International Olympic Committee, he defeated a staggering 51 of the world's top competitors in the middleweight category for the IFBB Mr World title. In that very same year, he also won gold in the World Bodybuilding Championships in the middleweight class to become Singapore's first ever IFBB Mr Universe after taking silver the previous year. His outstanding efforts earned him the Singapore Sports Council's Sportsman of the Year title twice in 1992 and 1993, and an induction into the Singapore Sports Council's Hall of Fame, upon which he was presented with a glittering trophy in the shape of a laurel wreath. 
Azman abdullah decided to give body building a pause after his big win in 1993 as it was also the year that his daughter,Nurliana Syafiqah binte Azman, from his first marriage was conceived.Though he got a divorce 8 years later because he had an affair and there was a newborn involved. Azman abdullah then decided that he had to go back to his passion of bodybuilding as there was so much happening in his personal life that some work would be good for his sanity.The death of his father around that time was also a motivation for him as his father was always his number one fan.
In 2003, Azman made a much-anticipated comeback to the world of bodybuilding, taking the bronze medal in the SEA Games. He avenged his loss there with a spectacular victory at the 2004 South-East Asian Bodybuilding Championships, capping off his return to the summit of Southeast Asian bodybuilding in style.

</doc>
<doc id="2861802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861802" title="Environmental management scheme">
Environmental management scheme

An environmental management scheme is a mechanism by which landowners and other individuals and bodies responsible for land management can be incentivised to manage their environment.
Schemes by country.
Australia.
Several schemes (prgrammes) are or have been in operation in Australia, including:
Other programmes exist with the various states, for example;
New South Wales - Catchment Action Plan
United Kingdom.
Several schemes are or have been in operation in the United Kingdom, including:
Currently England operates:
All of these schemes are adminisitered by Natural England
Scotland.
In 2007 Scotland adopted the SRDP (Scottish Rural Development Programme - a £1.6 billion programme of economic, environmental and social measures designed to develop rural Scotland. Individuals and groups may seek support to help deliver the Government's strategic objectives in rural Scotland.
Wales.
Until recently the prevailing agri-environment scheme in Wales was Tir Gofal, which means literally ‘Land Care’. It was the first scheme in Wales, and indeed in Europe, aimed at promoting whole farm conservation and management. It was different from previous schemes, as it brought farming and conservation into a different level of partnership.
It was recently announced that this scheme has ceased, with a bridging payment scheme until its replacement is launched.
France.
In some countries such as France, such schemes may be initiated by the central government:
Switzerland.
Switzerland started reforming its agricultural policies in 1993 and after a referendum in 1996, since 1998 the country has linked the attribution of farm subsidies with the strict observance of good environmental practice. Before farmers can apply for subsidies, they must obtain certificates of environmental management systems (EMS) proving that they: “make a balanced use of fertilizers; use at least 7% of their farmland as ecological compensation areas; regularly rotate crops; adopt appropriate measures to protect animals and soil; make limited and targeted use of pesticides.”

</doc>
<doc id="2861811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861811" title="Jormas">
Jormas

Jormas was a Finnish band in the 1960s. They had previously appeared as the Beatmakers, but were renamed by their manager Jorma Weneskoski. 

</doc>
<doc id="2861812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861812" title="Dhangadhi">
Dhangadhi

Dhangadhi is a city in Far western Nepal. It is the capital of Kailali District in the Seti zone located in the Far Western Development Region of Nepal on the border of Uttar Pradesh state, India near the village Gauriphanta. Dhangadhi was established in 1976 and is divided into 14 wards.
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 104,047 (53,237 males and 50,810 females) residing in 21,059 individual households, among which 12% belong to the Dalit caste, 36% are ethnic minorities and the remaining
52% compose of Brahmins, Kshetris and other castes.The annual population growth rate of Dhangadhi municipality is 5.16%.
It is the 10th biggest city of Nepal by population. It is the major city of Far western region of Nepal alongside with Bhimduttanagar(Mahendranagar).)has an area of 103.73 km2
boundary with Belapur V.D.C in the north, Mohana River in the south, Khutiya River in the east and Geta V.D.C in the south
Services.
Dhangadhi is the main business centre of the Seti Zone. Dhangadhi is the major business hub for Far Western Region of Nepal and is the major provider of education, health and employment opportunities in the west Nepal. 
Seti Zonal Hospital, Navjeevan Hospital and other private hospitals provide health care. Similarly, Kailali Multiple Campus, Sudur Paschimanchal Campus, Aishwarya Multiple Campus, Dhangadhi Engineering College,Bhageswor Academy for Health Science, western international business school and other colleges provide advanced education.
School of Training & Research has been providing quality career building services in this area. STAR provides services like Abroad Study Placement, Test Preparation, Language Classes, Banking Training Programs and much more in its sophisticated and modern premises.
Transport - Road.
Dhangadhi is well connected with other major cities of Nepal and the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Indian and Nepalese nationals may cross the international border without restrictions, however there is a customs checkpoint for goods and third country nationals. 
Local transport includes Cycle Rickshaws, Taxis and Public City Buses.
Transport - Air.
Dhangadhi Airport is located 10 km from the administrative center and about 660 kilometers west of Kathmandu. The runway has been extended to 1,524 metres (5,000 ft) length and blacktopped to accommodate Fokker 100 aircraft.
Airlines Serving Dhangadhi 
Geta Eye Hospital.
Geta Eye Hospital was founded in 1981 with the aim of 
Reducing the burden of blindness and visual impairment in Far Western Region of Nepal.
This hospital is situated in Geta VDC of Kailali district,which is located 8 km away from Dhangadhi,the District headquarters of Kailali. Geta Eye Hospital is a community oriented non profit social organization responsible for comprehensive eye health care in Far Western Region of Nepal. People from across the Far Western Region of Nepal and also from neighboring India are benefitted. The hospital has a remarkable record of most cataract surgeries performed to date.
Places in Dhangadhi.
Places to visit in Dhangadhi are Jokhar taal, Dhangadhi Park, Bandevi Temple, Laxmi Narayan Temple and Naina Devi Temple.
Jokhar taal
This is a wetland nearby KAILALI MULTIPLE CAMPUS. A Botanical Garden lies on the western part whereas Lord Shiva's temple lies on the South Eastern part of this wetland. The lake fascinates the visitors with its awe inspiring ambiance and adds to the beauty of the city.Apart from fascinating with its beauty, people can enjoy the seasonal boating.
Dhangadhi Park
This park is now called Dashratha-Bhim Park(formerly known as Birendra Aishwarya Park,named after late King & Queen of Nepal).
Bandevi Temple
This temple is one of the oldest temples of the town and is centrally located,which makes it easily accessible from all parts of Dhangadhi.
Market Area
Market of the Town is oddly scattered.
Colleges in Dhangadhi.
Kailali Multiple Campus is located in Dhangadhi, the headquarters of Seti Zone of Far Western Region of Nepal. The population of Kailali District largely comprises native Tharus and migrated people from different districts of Far Western Region and other parts of Nepal. Kailali District is one of the least developed districts of Nepal with little infrastructure base and a poor state of educational facilities which is evident from the fact that prior to the establishment of KMC in 1980, most of the students of this region had to go to Kathmandu or to India for further studies beyond SLC.
The absence of educational opportunities after SLC created an urgent social demand for establishment of a campus in the district. The people of Kailali thus took the initiative for the establishment of a campus. Consequently, Kailali Commerce Campus, which was later renamed as Kailali Multiple Campus, was established in 1980 as an affiliated Campus of Tribhuvan University. At the request of the people of Kailali, the Government of Nepal granted 27 bighas of land in eastern part of Dhangadhi town where the Campus premises are located at present. Kailali Multiple Campus is thus a pioneer in providing quality education to the students across the nation,and has been offering management, Humanities, Arts and Science faculties. Kailali Campus has been an ideal abode of higher learning for hundreds of educational enthusiasts from within Nepal and more specifically from the Far western Region.Financial and other resources required for the establishment of the Campus were raised locally. Contribution to the Campus fund was made by business community, social workers, the Kailali District Development Committee, Dhangadhi Municipality, and other segments of the society also liberally donated for this purpose.
Sudur Paschimanchal Campus
Aishwarya Multiple Campus
Dhangadhi Engineering College was established in 2000 A.D.& has been conducting the bachelor level programs with affiliation to Pokhara University, Nepal. The programs currently offered are:Bachelor of Computer Engineering (B.E Computer), Bachelor of Computer Application (B.C.A), Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A). And Bachelor of Civil Engineering (B.E Civil).
Hotels in Dhangadhi.
Hotel Rubus http://www.rubushotel.com.np/
Hotel Jalsa http://hoteljalsanepal.com/
Hotel Devotee http://www.hoteldevoteenepal.com/
Hotel Saathi http://www.hotelsaathinepal.com/
Hotel Jagadamba http://www.hoteljagadamba.com.np/

</doc>
<doc id="2861822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861822" title="Nizam College">
Nizam College

Nizampur University College () () is a constituent college of Osmania University established in 1887 during the reign of Nawab Mir Mahaboob Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VI, in Basheerbagh, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh.
History.
The Nizampur University College was originally the "Mirsarai" of Nawab Safdar Jung Musheer-ud-Daulah Fakhrul-ul-Mulk II the owner of the grand Errum Mnzil palace Fakhar ul mulk and Khan-i-Khanan II,who were the son's of Nawab Fakhar-ul-mulk I,a noble of Hyderabad.
The founder of the college and of several other educational institutions in the Hyderabad State, was Nawab Imad-ul- Mulk, who did pioneering work in the field of education as the Director of Education. He scouted and then appointed Dr. Aghorenath Chattopadhyay ( father of Sarojini Naidu, Nightingale of India) as the first Principal of the college. The present building, was a summer palace of Paigah Nawab Mulk Fakrul Bahadur, later he gifted the palace to the college administration.
Institution.
This college is an autonomous, constituent college of Osmania University. It is located near Lal Bahadur Shastri Stadium in Hyderabad. Nizam College was originally a palace of Fakhrul-ul-mulk II, a noble of Hyderabad.
One of the premier colleges within the fold of Osmania University, Nizam College celebrated its centenary in 1987. The college is one of the oldest and most prestigious institutions of higher education not only in Andhra Pradesh State but also in India. It was established in 1887 by the amalgamation of the Hyderabad School (Noble School) and Madarsa-I-Aliya. Initially it was affiliated to the University of Madras for 60 years and was made a constituent college of Osmania University on February 19, 1947. 
In view of its consistently high degree of academic performance and long standing the college had been granted autonomous status by the UGC in the year 1988-89 at undergraduate level and continues to enjoy this status. It is also NAAC accredited and has been given CPE (College with Potential for Excellence) grant by the UGC. The college has its own academic bodies viz., Governing Body, Academic Council, Finance Committee, Internal Quality Assurance Cell and Boards of Studies for each department to monitor its academic, financial and other activities to the desired level of satisfaction of the appropriate authorities.
The College offers both the undergraduate as well as postgraduate courses in the Faculties of Arts and Social Sciences, Science, and Commerce. At present the college has 29 teaching departments. In addition to these courses, several students are pursuing their Doctoral and Post-Doctoral programmes.
Courses of Study.
The college has undergraduate courses B.Sc., B.A. and B.Com. It also has B.C.A. 
There are 13 postgraduate programs leading to M.A., M.Sc. and M.Com degrees. There is a new 5-year integrated M.Sc. course in Chemistry. 
The college also has M.B.A., M.C.A and M.Sc. (IS) professional courses.
In addition there are almost a dozen add-on courses: Certificate, Diploma and PG Diploma courses

</doc>
<doc id="2861823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861823" title="Nerve induction">
Nerve induction

Nerve induction is a theoretical method of creating a sensation by stimulation of the sensory nerves rather than by actual stimulus.
The concept is mentioned in the 1965 science fiction novel "Dune" by Frank Herbert as a method to inflict pain with no actual injury.
No known real-life analogues of such a device currently exist. However, the effect sometime occurs as a side effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation. In addition, a number of non-lethal pain compliance devices have been developed. The most reminiscent of Herbert's fictional device is the microwave-based Active Denial System, which shows many of the same traits, but uses microwaves rather than nerve induction. Other similar devices include Long Range Acoustic Devices which use painful directed sound waves, and electroshock weapons such as Tasers, which deliver an incapacitating shock to the nervous system. 

</doc>
<doc id="2861838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861838" title="Fantastic Wounds">
Fantastic Wounds

Fantastic Wounds is the second studio album by Seattle horror punk band Schoolyard Heroes. Like the band's first album "The Funeral Sciences", it was released through the record label The Control Group. Following the band's first release, they had generated success with the underground Seattle rock scene and had secured a small cult following, largely due to the reputation they had built from their concert tour with Vendetta Red. 
All four members of the band recorded the album while living at the same University District together. The production of the album was handled by Joe Reineke and T. Dallas Reed, with the majority of the lyrics composed by the band's singer and frontman Ryann Donnelly. Donnelly serves as the main singer on the album, with bassist Jonah Bergman performing backing vocals. Taking influence from horror films, lyrically the album features macabre subject matter and social commentary. The band expressed the desire to become more diverse with their musical approach than on their debut album, citing a larger list of influences. The album presents some of its themes in a theatrical, over-the-top and often campy style. 
It was promoted by the single "They Live", which received a music video. The album received positive reviews from music critics, who praised Donnelly's singing, the progression that the band had showcased from their prior work, and the humorous way that the morbid themes were expressed on the project. While a critical success, the album failed to achieve any chart positions. The success of the album lead to the release of their final album "Abominations" released in 2007.
Background.
The debut album by Schoolyard Heroes, "The Funeral Sciences" was an underground success, selling over 5000 copies. Following the release of their album, the band promoted themselves with a concert tour with Seattle-based band Vendetta Red. While on tour the band simultaneously worked on their second album. The band quickly developed a reputation for their eccentric, often shocking live performances, and began to develop a cult following. They were noted for their prolific nature and their frequent live performances and touring.
For their sophomore release, the band chose to stay with their record label The Control Group, founded by Nabil Ayers. Ayers stated that touring with Vendetta Red was the best thing that could have happened to the band, comparing it to touring with the band Green Day. He expressed that touring with a band with a similar style and an already established fanbase would influence the band members positively.
Writing and recording.
All four members of Schoolyard Heroes lived together at the Seattle University District during the recording of "Fantastic Wounds". Vocalist Ryan Donnelly noted that during the production of the album the band didn't do drugs or drink alcohol, and instead spent their time playing video games and eating fast food. Between recording sessions, the band spent their loose time watching episodes of classic horror series like "The Twilight Zone" and "The Outer Limits".
The album's style progresses from the one found in "The Funeral Sciences"; the more pop heavy aesthetic exhibited on that album was replaced with themes found within heavy metal music, and was more forceful and "merciless" in nature. Conceptual themes found within their first project are maintained on "Fantastic Wounds", including lyrics inspired by science fiction and horror films. Like all of the band's projects, the album takes several of its themes from b-movies and horror films. Horror films had always been a substantial influence on the band; bassist Jonah Bergman's father had taken him to double features as a kid. According to Bergman, the band had grown quite a lot from their first album and had learned more about producing and recordeding music. Bergman, when describing the album, mused, "honestly, these are 10 of the most fucking killer songs I've ever heard in my life," stating that the album perfectly embodied the type of music the band wished to produce. 
According to Donnelly, the band had been working together for five years, stating that if she didn't have the band, she wouldn't know what else to do with her life. She described the band as a work of passion, citing sources of influences such as the bands Misfits, Blondie and Iron Maiden, and singer Courtney Love. The Misfits in particular were a large influence to the album; their horror themed and often purposely over-the-top style to making music were important in shaping the way the band presented themselves in image. Donelly expressed an interest with progressing the style of music on their sophomoric effort, stating that she wanted to have a tighter focus this time around, and specifically noting that the song titles on "Fantastic Wounds" were more direct and confident in nature. Speaking about the creation of the project, she mused:
“I am so very happy with this record—both with the performances and the production. Blood, sweat and tears went into its making. It was the longest we’d spent on anything ever we’ve done. We knew how we wanted it to sound and we wanted to get it perfect, so yeah, we spent a long time on it. And I tell you; we had to make a lot of tough choices, with the sequencing. We wanted it to be perfect, we wanted all the different energies to flow into each other just so.”
While the album was influenced by things such as macabre horror tales, zombies, and monsters, Donelly assured that the album was “always about something much more real", musing that "there’s so much genuine evil in the world. That said, I love that people take all kinds of different things away from our songs, and invest so much of themselves in their interpretations.” To prevent the album from being to depressing, the band attempted to present the album with the aesthetic of a b-movie, with a comical, overly theatrical tone. Donelly also noted the desire to become more diverse musically with the second album, as the band had begun to listen to more sources of music. 
Bergman cited his desire to one day perform in Graceland as another influence on the project, musing that if the band became popular enough he would one day be able to perform there. Bergman commented "I used to sit in my bedroom and think, 'Damn, if we could just play Graceland, I would die a happy guy'". Before the album was released, it was promoted by the release of a music video for the single "They Live".
Content.
Album opener "Body Shots" serves as an introduction to the style of the album. The song is barely one minute in length, compared to the duration of the majority of the songs on the album which are around four minutes long. The song contains singing by Donnelly that is largely scream-based, with guitar riffing taking influence from thrash metal. The track showcases guitarist Steve Bonnell's math rock-driven and largely melodic riffs that dominate the opening song. "Body Shots" has been described as a trailer for the rest of the album; the overall tone and energy of the song has been cited as a teaser for the rest of the album. 
The next song, "Panic in the Year Zero", boasts a chorus that invokes the Iron Maiden song "Run to the Hills". The song has been called epic in nature, with guitar playing influenced by the playing of Omar Rodríguez-López. Donnelly's vocal performance has been compared to that of Bruce Dickinson on the song. The song waltzes over topics like the apocalypse and features Donnelly singing "say your prayers" in a multitude of ways. Steven Bishop of "Hybrid Magazine" views that "Year Zero" showcases some of the lighter themes of the album, summarizing: 
"Believe me, there is nothing like a female singer who can step up and belt out the lines, yet has enough Sauvé Fair to finesse the lighter side of the material, and "Panic In The Year Zero" is a perfect example of that. If the vocals are the constancy, the guitar is the meat and potatoes, delivering resounding lines that drive the material and vary the intensity nicely; one moment giving meaningful power chords, the next moving with an asynchronous line. The bass uses space appropriately, developing astute lines that emphasize relationships to the drums here and the guitar there, always keeping it interesting." 
"Serial Killers Know How to Party" is tongue-in-cheek and somewhat comical in nature, heavily influences by horror films. Donnelly shouts "your screams could raise the dead" over a fast-paced guitar riff. "Centaur: Half-Man Half-Motorcycle" is reinforced with a double-bass panal, a technique that allows the drumming to sound more clear. Both "Centaur: Half-Man Half-Motorcycle" and "Battlestar Anorexia" channel some of the thematic similarities as the act Betty Blowtorch. On "They Live", Donelly boasts the line “come with me, you pretty thing, and we’ll celebrate with amputations.” The song is named from the John Carpenter film, "They Live". "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet" features a foreboding atmosphere, fueled by a progressive math-rock style of production, with some disco influences as well. 
"Funeral Parlor Tricks" features widely different styles of production during its running time. "Nothing Cleanses Quite Like a Fire" and album closer "The Girl Who Was Born Without a Face" relay themes of pulp violence.
Reception.
Exclaim! critic Sam Sutherland felt that the band had successfully progressed from their debut album, musing "more polished than their debut, this record possesses all the angular riffs and math-rock breakdowns of their previous work, but is greatly aided by a sense of cohesion between their colliding influences and disparate style of songwriting", describing the album "as fantastic as its title suggests." Ernest Simpson of TrebleZine called Donnelly the Seattle-based Karen O, and wrote that "don't be surprised if Schoolyard Heroes leap to a major or at least a larger indie label after the success of "Fantastic Wounds"." Roger Holland of PopMatters viewed that the band had begun as a juvenile pop-punk with only a few unique ideas, calling "Fantastic Wounds" a "thing of pure kinetic beauty". According to Holland, the album was "polished, perfected and just generally worked up into something quiet shiny and special. On the debut, the influences were everywhere, suffocating the spark. But the new songs, with names like “Panic in the Year Zero”, “Nightmare At 20,000 Feet” and “The Girl Who Was Born Without a Face” are confident, complex and strong enough to give this young band its own fierce identity."
"Seattle Weekly" critic Michaelangelo Matos viewed that while Donnelly was the standout of the album, stating that the band was "neither a rock Diamanda nor a mere hood ornament; Schoolyard Heroes' ghastly gestalt feeds on at least four entities", and that the album was launched by a triplet-driven solo performance by Jonah Bergman. Decoy's music Brandon Carter compared the band favorably to a train wreck, commenting that the band could be viewed "in the same fashion as a train wreck you just can’t bring yourself to look away, for fear that you might miss something", continuing that "however, what you’d miss if you turned away from this band is a fearsome onslaught of shrieks, screams, and raw energy." Steven Bishop of "Hybrid Magazine" reported that style-wise the band was not be for everyone, commenting that |but for those select few who appreciate the movement and atmosphere created here, they will find a technically judicious band that leads with good hooks and follows through with great substance to create an album that is wholly worth it, back to front." 
Jessica Grose of "Spin" viewed that Donnelly seems "to be lobbying for goth poster girl of the new millennium", stating that the album successfully bordered on both metal and punk influences. Three Imaginary Girls mused that "Fantastic Wounds" maintained the "acrobatic inter-instrumental dynamics and savagely clever, at times genuinely affecting modern-life-as-horror-movie lyrics that defined their awesome debut, "The Funeral Sciences"", and noted that it "lacks a bit in the insouciant exuberance displayed by its predecessor." The same website later listed the album amongst their 100 best albums of the year at number 18. While not charting on any music charts, the album was a commercial success, selling 1500 copies in its first week of release.
Personnel.
Information taken from "Fantastic Wounds" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="2861845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861845" title="BorgWarner">
BorgWarner

BorgWarner Inc. is a United States-based worldwide automotive industry components and parts supplier. It is primarily known for its powertrain products, which include manual and automatic transmissions and transmission components, such as electro-hydraulic control components, transmission control units, friction materials, and one-way clutches), turbochargers, engine valve timing system components, along with four-wheel drive system components.
The company has 60 manufacturing facilities across 18 countries, including the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Asia. It provides drivetrain components to all three U.S. automakers, as well as a variety of European and Asian original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers. BorgWarner has diversified into several automotive-related markets (1999), including ignition interlock technology (ACS Corporation est.1976) for preventing impaired operation of vehicles.
Historically, BorgWarner was also known for its ownership of the Norge appliance company (washers and dryers).
Company history.
The original Borg-Warner Corporation was formed in 1928 by the merger of Warner Gear, which itself was founded by Thomas Warner in 1901, and Borg & Beck founded by Charles Borg and Marshall Beck in 1903, along with two other companies. The company was best known as the supplier of Warner Gear overdrive units for cars of the 1930s to the 1970s, and as the developer of Ford's Ford-O-Matic three-speed automatic transmission introduced in 1950, along with 'Holley' brand Borg & Beck carburetors.
The company is also notable for co-developing a variable-geometry turbocharger with Porsche, the Variable Turbine Geometry (VTG) system, used in the 2007 911 Turbo. BorgWarner claims this technology will reach mainstream cars within 10 years. From 2002, Peugeot, Ford and Renault became major customers for the company's turbochargers with the Volkswagen Group on-board since 1999, choosing to exclusively use the BorgWarner K-Series turbochargers for their then-new 1.8T power plant.
BorgWarner supplies wet clutches and hydraulic modules for dual clutch transmission systems. With their DualTronic technology, BorgWarner has gained contracts with European automakers that want to use dual clutch transmissions. The German automotive concern Volkswagen Group is BorgWarner's largest customer (by sales), and Europe is their largest market. Light vehicles (automobiles, car-derived vans, and light commercial vehicles) account for 72% of BorgWarner's total sales.
The company's world headquarters is in Auburn Hills, Michigan. Robert S. Ingersoll formerly served as the company's CEO and Chairman. BorgWarner's Powertrain Technical Center (PTC) is also based in Auburn Hills.
The BorgWarner Indianapolis 500 Trophy is presented to the winner of the annual Indianapolis 500 auto racing event; this has been provided by the company since 1936, as a legacy of Louie Schwitzer who won the first automobile racing event held at the facility, in 1909.
It was announced by the Izod Indycar Series that BorgWarner has been selected as the official supplier for the turbochargers to be used in the 2.2L turbocharged engine formula for the series which took effect in 2012.
On Oct 2, 2006, BorgWarner announced the purchase of the European Transmission and Engine Controls product lines from Eaton Corporation.
Company structure.
In 2002, BorgWarner Inc. was split into two key business divisions:
Subsidiary companies.
The following are subsidiary companies of the parent, BorgWarner Inc., and/or its primary divisions, and outline their respective products:
Company facilities locations.
BorgWarner Inc. has the following production locations:
Awards.
On April 12, 2005, BorgWarner won a 2005 Automotive News PACE Award at a ceremony in Detroit. The award recognized automotive suppliers for superior innovation, technological advancement and business performance.

</doc>
<doc id="2861847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861847" title="Mad Dog and Glory">
Mad Dog and Glory

Mad Dog and Glory is a 1993 American comedy-drama film directed by John McNaughton and starring Robert De Niro, Uma Thurman, and Bill Murray.
Plot.
Wayne Dobie (De Niro) is a meek Chicago Police Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call him "Mad Dog". Mad Dog saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo (Murray) during a hold-up in a convenience store. Milo offers Mad Dog a gift in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of Glory (Thurman), a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo's club.
Mad Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and wants nothing to do with Milo beyond that. After an awkward start, they fall in love. Mad Dog wants her to move into his apartment, but Milo has no intention of losing Glory permanently. Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her freedom, and sends one of his thugs to back up this threat. Mad Dog's partner, Mike (Caruso), fights the thug on Mad Dog's behalf. 
Mad Dog does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500. Knowing that Mike can no longer fight his battles, he works up the courage to fight for Glory himself, and ends up fighting with Milo in the street. Fed up, Milo washes his hands of Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings attached.
Production.
According to a profile of producer Steven A. Jones written by Luke Ford, the film was delayed by a year because of studio-required changes. Jones and director McNaughton were contractually required to deliver the film with no changes to the script written by Price. Universal test-screened the film, then insisted on reshooting the film's final scene. As written, when Milo and Mad Dog fight, Milo dominates Mad Dog. Mad Dog's one connecting punch did no damage, but did serve to prompt Milo to realize that Glory was not worth fighting over.
It was reshot to respond to an audience typecasting of De Niro, who they saw as the "Raging Bull" he had played more than a decade earlier. Those who saw the test screenings could not accept the fact that De Niro's Mad Dog had done so poorly against Murray's Milo. Such a reaction was ironic because De Niro had actually been offered the Milo role, and had insisted on the Mad Dog role instead precisely because of its meekness.
Other reshoots for the film were done to make Glory seem less manipulative and Milo more of a puppetmaster behind Glory's actions.
Reception.
"Mad Dog and Glory" has received mixed to positive critical acclaim. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 78% approval rating, with an average score of 6.2/10, based on reviews from 27 critics. The film has a score of 71/100 on Metacritic, indicating "generally favorable reviews", based on 19 critics.
Roger Ebert, writing for the "Chicago Sun-Times", gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, saying, "The movie is very funny, but it's not broad humor, it's humor born of personality quirks and the style of the performances." He went on to add that the film is "the kind of movie I like to see more than once. The people who made it must have come to know the characters very well, because although they seem to fit into broad outlines, they are real individuals -- quirky, bothered, worried, bemused." Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" also gave the film a positive review, calling it "a first-rate star vehicle for the big, explosive talents of Mr. De Niro, Mr. Murray and Richard Price, who wrote the screenplay." Expanding on the performances, Canby said, "The great satisfaction of "Mad Dog and Glory" is watching Mr. De Niro and Mr. Murray play against type with such invigorating ease."

</doc>
<doc id="2861848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861848" title="Anti-German">
Anti-German

Anti-German can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2861858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861858" title="Man, Woman and Child">
Man, Woman and Child

Man, Woman and Child is a novel by Erich Segal. It details the lives of Robert and Sheila Beckwith and their daughters Jessica and Paula.
Synopsis.
Robert is contacted one day by a friend in France, who tells him that Nicole, a woman with whom Robert had had an affair years ago, has died - and Jean-Claude, the son Robert never knew he had, is now an orphan. That evening, Robert explains the situation to his wife, Sheila, and they agree to take in Jean-Claude for the summer holidays; however, they also agree to keep Jean-Claude's true identity a secret.
Later that summer, Sheila, a journalist, is tempted by the possibility of an affair with an author she has been interviewing. At the same time, Jessica and Paula discover Jean-Claude's true identity, through Davey Ackerman, Robert's friend's son. They refuse to speak to their parents.
As the Beckwiths are bringing Jean-Claude to the airport to return to France, he suddenly falls ill and is hospitalized. After surgery, during which the Beckwiths become closer again, he makes a full recovery. 
At last, the whole family come to terms with Jean-Claude and would like him to live with them. However, Jean-Claude refuse politely, for he has to go to the school in France chosen by his mother years before. This ending is not wonderful, but thoughtful.
1983 film adaptation.
Erich Segal adapted his novel into a screenplay and the film was released into theaters in 1983. The movie starred Martin Sheen as Robert Beckwith, Blythe Danner as Sheila Beckwith, Craig T. Nelson as Bernie Ackerman, David Hemmings as Gavin Wilson, and Maureen Anderman as Margo.
"Masoom", a 1983 Bollywood movie directed by film maker Shekhar Kapur, was an adaptation of the novel featuring Bollywood actors Naseeruddin Shah, Shabana Azmi and Saeed Jaffery. 
An Indonesian adaptation, directed by Sophan Sophiaan, was released in 1984. It starred Frans Tumbuan, Lenny Marlina, and Sandy Taroreh.

</doc>
<doc id="2861861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861861" title="Topmost">
Topmost

Topmost was a Finnish rock band founded in 1964, becoming the most popular band in Finland in 1967. Its members were Heimo "Holle" Holopainen (bass guitar, background vocals), Kristian "Kisu" Jernström (drums, background vocals), Vasilij "Gugi" Kokljuschkin (vocals), Eero Lupari (guitar, background vocals), Harri Saksala (vocals, saxophone), Arto "Poku" Tarkkonen (keyboards).
The band's most popular hits were Finnish translation of English language songs: "Näen mustaa vain" ("Black Is Black" by Los Bravos), "Merisairaat kasvot" ("A Whiter Shade of Pale" by Procol Harum) and "Hän sinut jättää" ("Two Kinds of Lovers" by The Gibsons).
Topmost split in 1968. Holopainen, Lupari and Saksala continued in the band Apollo.

</doc>
<doc id="2861865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861865" title="Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam">
Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam

Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam (, also known as Usama al-Kini) (February 19, 1976 – January 1, 2009) was a Kenyan terrorist conspirator, wanted in the United States for his part in the 1998 United States embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania. He was born in Mombasa.
According to the indictment, Msalam
Msalam was charged with 213 counts of murder, other counts which apply specifically to attacks against American federal personnel and facilities, counts of using weapons of mass destruction, and various conspiracy counts.
Msalam once worked as a clothing vendor. He also played midfield for a local soccer team called the Black Panthers.
Msalam was on the FBI's list of Most Wanted Terrorists since its inception on October 10, 2001. The United States Department of State, through the Rewards for Justice Program, offered up to US$5,000,000 for information on the location of Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam. He served as Al-Qaeda's chief of operations in Pakistan.
On January 1, 2009, Msalam was killed in Pakistan in an American unmanned drone attack along with his lieutenant Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan.

</doc>
<doc id="2861871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861871" title="Stefan Aust">
Stefan Aust

Stefan Aust (born 1 July 1946 Stade, Lower Saxony) is a German journalist and was the editor-in-chief of the weekly news magazine "Der Spiegel" from 1994 to February 2008.
Two of Aust's books have been made into films: "Der Pirat" 1997 by and "Der Baader Meinhof Komplex" 2008 by Uli Edel.

</doc>
<doc id="2861883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861883" title="Simon Chua Ling Fung">
Simon Chua Ling Fung

Chua Ling Fung Simon is a bodybuilder from Singapore who started off as an instructor in a gymnasium before taking up the sport full-time. In 1991, he came in third in his first participation in a national event at the under-21 National Championship (Lightweight) competition, before going international and representing Singapore at the Pro-Am Classic held in Hong Kong in 1995 where he came in ninth position.
In 1997, he took his first gold medal in the 1997 Southeast Asian Games, before earning more titles in the 2000 Southeast Asian Championship and the 2002 Commonwealth Championship. A fever just a week before departure to Busan for the 2002 Asian Games nearly cost him a medal chance, but he proceeded anyway and came back with a gold medal in the welterweight category (75 kg), earning one of Singapore's first gold medals in the sport alongside Abdul Halim bin Haron.
He earned another gold medal in the 2006 Asian Games at Doha.

</doc>
<doc id="2861885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861885" title="Aphthonius of Antioch">
Aphthonius of Antioch

Aphthonius of Antioch (), Greek sophist and rhetorician, flourished in the second half of the 4th century, or even later. Nothing is known of his life, except that he was a friend of Libanius and of a certain Eutropius, perhaps the author of the epitome of Roman history. We possess by Aphthonius the "Προγυμνάσματα", a textbook on the elements of rhetoric, with exercises for the use of the young before they entered the regular rhetorical schools. They apparently formed an introduction to the "Τέχνη" of Hermogenes of Tarsus. Aphthonius' style is pure and simple, and ancient critics praise his "Atticism." The book maintained its popularity as late as the 17th century, especially in Germany. A collection of forty fables by Aphthonius, after the style of Aesop, is also extant.

</doc>
<doc id="2861894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861894" title="Stiles's tapaculo">
Stiles's tapaculo

Stiles's tapaculo ("Scytalopus stilesi") is a member of the tapaculos, a group of Neotropical birds. It was described as new to science in 2005.
It has been found at 21 sites in montane forest between 1,420 and 2,130 m altitude in the northern Cordillera Central of the Colombian Andes; although having a restricted range, within this limited area it is a common understorey bird. Initially, it seemed as if the species would classify as near threatened (Cuervo "et al." 2005), but it turned out to be more plentiful and thus is classified as species of least concern in the 2007 IUCN Red List.
The species was originally observed in the 1990s, but when Niels Krabbe examined recordings of their songs, his suspicions arose that they were a new species - Stiles's tapaculo's song is considerably faster and lower-pitched than that of the closely related Ecuadorian tapaculo "S. robbinsi" (Cuervo "et al." 2005).
The species was named in honour of Frank Gary Stiles, an ornithologist who played a prominent role in research into Neotropical birds in the 1980s and 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="2861896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861896" title="Spyker Cars">
Spyker Cars

Spyker Cars is a Dutch sports car marque. The modern Spyker Cars holds the legal rights to the brand name. The company's motto is ""Nulla tenaci invia est via"", which is Latin for "For the tenacious, no road is impassable". The marque's logo displays the rotary engine of an airplane, a reference to the historic Spyker company which manufactured aircraft. In an attempt to save Spyker from bankruptcy, Swedish Automobile in September 2011, announced the immediate sale of Spyker to American private equity and hedge fund North Street Capital for €32 million ($41 million). However, it has since been revealed that the transaction did not occur leaving the future of Spyker uncertain.
History.
The reborn company was founded by Victor Muller and Maarten de Bruijn in 1999, and since 2000, Spyker has been building exclusive sports cars like the C8 Spyder and the C8 Laviolette (with its elegant glass roof). Spyker's history of producing aero engines is reflected in details in these new cars as well as in the logo. Before building the C8, de Bruijn had been building small numbers of the Spyker Silvestris, which in many ways foreshadows Spyker's later cars.
The C8 Laviolette and C8 Spyder have a 4172 cc Audi V8 engine delivering , acceleration 0–60 mph in 4.5 seconds and a top speed of . On July 14, 2005, it was announced that the C8 was approved for sale on the United States market.
Between 2002 and 2006, Spyker built the C8 Double 12 S, which was available from the factory with 5 different levels of performance called Stage I (400 h.p.) through Stage V (620 h.p.), depending on the customer's need for performance.
Between 2003 and 2007, Spyker built the C8 Spyder T, with the Twin turbo being developed in conjunction with Cosworth from England. These engines were capable of 525 h.p. and acceleration times of 4.0 seconds.
In 2005, the head designer and founder, Maarten de Bruijn, left the company, and founded Silvestris Aquamotive which builds aluminum space frame speed boats.
In 2006, Spyker built the C12 La Turbie with an V12 engine capable of 500 horsepower and acceleration from 0–60 mph in less than 4 seconds.
In September 2006, Spyker bought out the Midland F1 team. The team competed in the final 3 races of the 2006 season as Spyker MF1. In the 2007, the team competed as Spyker F1 using engines supplied by Ferrari. Driver Adrian Sutil was paired with Christijan Albers until the European Grand Prix where the latter was replaced by reserve driver Markus Winkelhock; the team then signed Sakon Yamamoto to fill in the slot for the rest of the year. The team itself had minimal success, suffering from multiple retirements (including double retirements in Malaysia, Canada and Brazil) before Sutil scored the team's first and only point in Japan. At the end of the season, the team was sold to a consortium named "Orange India" led by Vijay Mallya and was subsequently renamed as Force India.
On May 27, 2004, Spyker Cars listed on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange at €15.50, falling to a low of €8.28 in April 2005. The stock rebounded sharply in early 2006 to over €22 per share. Early in 2007 the stock showed a sharp decline to levels beneath €13 because of financing issues. As a result, several stock issues were announced to big investors. Notably, all shares have been sold at higher prices than the market price at the moment of announcement. On November 13, 2005, Spyker Cars and Mubadala Development Company, a principal investment company wholly owned by the government of the United Arab Emirates, announced their strategic alliance, with Mubadala acquiring 17% of Spyker. Mubadala has a strong relationship with sports cars, also controlling 5% of Ferrari.
In 2007, Spyker, in collaboration with the Italian car-design firm Zagato, produced the C12 Zagato, based on the C12 La Turbie, but with more appealing body work, faster speeds, and the Zagato trademark roof bubbles. This is perhaps the more exclusive Spyker car to date.
In November 2009, Spyker announced that it would be moving production from Zeewolde to Whitley, Coventry, where assembly would be done in partnership with CPP Manufacturing. UK production began in February 2010.
In March 2013, the B6 Venator was unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show, the B6 Venator was noted as Spyker's first concept car in nearly four years.
On September 16, 2013, Spyker Cars' parent Spyker N.V. lost its listing on Euronext Amsterdam after failing to undergo a restructuring agreement.
Proposed sale.
In February 2011, it was announced that Swedish Automobile, the Dutch owner of Saab Automobile, agreed to sell its sports-car unit to Vladimir Antonov. Antonov, a former Spyker chairman and shareholder, is expected to pay 15 million euros ($21 million) for the company. However, in March 2011, the deal fell through, with Spyker's manufacturing partner CPP Manufacturing placing a bid, but this deal fell through later that month.
In September 2011, it was announced that Swedish Automobile would sell Spyker Cars, in an all-cash offer to an American private equity and hedge fund North Street Capital, for €32 million ($41 million). In January 2012, Swedish Automobile again offered Spyker cars up for sale, but this sale did not actually occur. 
In August 2012, Spyker announced that Youngman Ltd. acquired a 29.9% stake in its parent company Spyker N.V. for €10 million ($12.5 million).
Models.
Between 2009 and 2010, Spyker sold the C8 Laviolette LM85, which is a special edition car with orange paint, black wheels, and many "ready-for-track" enhancements. The interior is black with orange piping, and the customers of this car were permitted to stay with the Spyker crew in any of the 2009 LeMans races. In 2009, the Spyker C8 Aileron debuted at auto shows with the same power output as the "C8 Spyder" and "C8 Laviolette", but with more modern technology, and manufactured in a more modern way. Spyker has produced a lineup of 14 vehicles, as of 2012 (including concepts).
Current models.
Spyker currently has two production ready cars they are (as of 2013 model year):
Spyker D12/D8.
In 2006, the Spyker D12 Peking-to-Paris high-performance SUV, was announced at the Geneva Motor Show. But the mass-production, which was slated for a mid-2008 production, was delayed and the V12 engine from the concept car has been changed to an Audi sourced W12 at around . Its name was then changed to the D8.
Spyker hoped that the assistance of Saab, which they now own, would help the D8 reach production. According to Muller in April 2011, the D8 should have started production in early 2013, with a price tag of £186,000. However, in March 2013, production was secluded for 2016, with a production prototype due by 2014.
Spyker C12.
Spyker's older model, the C12 is a luxury sports car, and has two variants:
Spyker E8/E12.
Spyker shareholders and CEO, Victor Muller hinted at a Maserati Quattroporte, Porsche Panamera rival with an eight-cylinder (the E8) or a twelve-cylinder (the E12) engine but due to problems getting the D8 into production, the idea was ignored until 2009 when Muller has said he "believes now could be the time to resurrect the saloon." Muller believes it will take about four years from the time that the E8/E12 is revealed to actual production.
Sales.
Spyker's all-time high was achieved in 2006, with 94 cars sold, about 290 cars were sold between 2000-2010.
Results.
Spyker lost substantially since 2007. This table summarizes the key figures of Spyker Cars from 2007 to 2012. The figures originate from the Spyker Annual Report 2011 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2861899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861899" title="Randall Division of Cell and Molecular Biophysics">
Randall Division of Cell and Molecular Biophysics

The Randall Division of Cell and Molecular Biophysics (the Randall) is a research institute of King's College London located in London United Kingdom. It is a centre for study in allergy and asthma; muscle signalling and development; structural biology; muscle biophysics; cell motility and cytoskeleton, and cell imaging.
The Randall continues the tradition of Biophysics at King’s established by Sir John Randall, which produced the studies of the structure of DNA by Rosalind Franklin and Maurice Wilkins. Much of this early work was supported by the Medical Research Council, who still provide the majority of research funding.
The Biophysics Unit expanded and in the 1960s moved to the site in Drury Lane that later became known as the Randall Institute, incorporating at various stages the King’s Biophysics Department, MRC Cell Biophysics Unit, and MRC Muscle and Motility Unit. After King's merged with the Guy’s and St Thomas’ Medical Schools in 1998, the Randall Institute research groups moved to new labs on the Guy’s Campus at London Bridge, which became the present Randall Division of Cell and Molecular Biophysics.

</doc>
<doc id="2861901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861901" title="Osaris">
Osaris

Osaris is a personal digital assistant (PDA) featuring the EPOC operating system distributed by Oregon Scientific.
The Osaris was released in 1999, and at the time priced at £219.99–£279.99. The Osaris contains an 18.432 MHz CL-PS7111 (ARM 710) processor and is powered by two AA size batteries or external power (6 V), with a 3 volt CR2032 cell providing backup power. The display is a touchscreen, backlit 320×200 pixels with 16 greyscale levels. There are also 10 membrane keys, 5 on each side of the LCD.
The Osaris can be linked to a PC via an RS232 link cable and IrDA (Infrared).
The Osaris contains 8 MB of ROM, and, depending on the model, 4 MB, 8 MB or 16 MB RAM. The memory can also be expanded using Compact Flash. 
The Osaris is the only PDA to use the EPOC release 4 operating system. It also has the distinction of being the first device to run EPOC (later renamed Symbian OS) that was not built by Psion. It is very similar in capability to the Psion Series 5.
The Osaris comes with the following programs preinstalled:

</doc>
<doc id="2861902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861902" title="Nicholas Vachon">
Nicholas Vachon

Nicholas "Nick" Vachon (born July 20, 1972 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired ice hockey player. He played one game for the New York Islanders. He also plays the title character in George Plamondon's 2003 short film "Clark: The Canadian Hockey Goalie".Nick was a famous man and has passed his famed down to his son Nick Vachon the second.
He is the son of former NHLer Rogie Vachon.

</doc>
<doc id="2861909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861909" title="Lindsay Vallis">
Lindsay Vallis

Lindsay Grant Vallis (born January 12, 1971) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger. He was drafted in the first round, thirteenth overall, of the 1989 NHL Entry Draft by the Montreal Canadiens. He played just one game in the National Hockey League, with the Canadiens during the 1993–94 season, going scoreless.

</doc>
<doc id="2861910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861910" title="Droon">
Droon

Droon is an alias of Belgian breakcore producer William Ghysels. Droon is also active as graphic designer, working from planet-mu, ad noiseam, overkill, and many more. He won an award for the short video "Screen".
Droon's first steps in making music were somewhere in between drum and bass and "Thunderdome" gabber music. He was also inspired by a set Richard D James played in Ghent, Belgium in 1998. He found out other people made music in the style he thought he had invented via widerstand.org, and that they called it breakcore. Through widerstand.org he also got to know Jurgen Desmet aka Sickboy. Together with a few other Belgians from widerstand.org, with the help of SmartArtMovement, they founded Breakcore Gives Me Wood.
For live-shows Droon uses a keytar: a regular computer keyboard made to look like a flying V guitar. The keys are mapped to audio loops using the free application Soundplant. He has thought up this way of performing live because it's more "rock and roll" than just standing behind a laptop and staring at the screen. 
Until 2006 Droon hadn't released any records yet, but still managed to get booked internationally, amongst other touring in China. His music mostly got spread through MP3. A first two track 7" was finally released on "Wood records" in 2006, having been ready since 2004. Since then, Droon has played in Russia, Japan, The USA and Australia, and released 2 more records, "gluttons vs bingers" and "cripplefight".
Droon still is resident at Breakcore Gives Me Wood and as of 2005 as 'operating manager' in charge of booking artists. He creates the flyers and other artwork for and plays live at every Wood party.

</doc>
<doc id="2861916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861916" title="Petri Varis">
Petri Varis

Petri Johannes Varis (born May 13, 1969 in Varkaus, Finland) is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey forward. He was drafted by the San Jose Sharks as their 7th-round pick in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Starting his pro career with Karhu-Kissat in the Finnish first division, Varis played his first SM-liiga games with Ässät in the 1991-92 season. After two seasons with Ässät, Varis moved to Jokerit, where he finished his seventh full season in 2005.
With Jokerit Varis won 4 Finnish championships and 2 European Cup.
In 1997, Varis moved to North America, where he played a season with the Indianapolis Ice in the IHL, as well as a single NHL game with the Chicago Blackhawks. He has also played in the German ice hockey league and the Swiss first and second leagues.
Varis has also represented Finland in international play.
Varis scored 268 goals in SM-Liiga. He also scored 7 goals in 7 games in European Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2861919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861919" title="Alexei Vasiliev (ice hockey, born 1977)">
Alexei Vasiliev (ice hockey, born 1977)

Alexei Sergeyevich Vasiliev (Васильев, Алексей Сергеевич ; born September 1, 1977) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman who plays for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League. He played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1999–2000 NHL season.
Vasiliev also spent 12 seasons playing for Lokomotiv Yaroslavl in the Russian Superleague & Kontinental Hockey League. His contract was not renewed for the 2011–12 KHL season, which ironically saved his life as he was not on the plane that crashed September 7, 2011, killing the majority of the team.

</doc>
<doc id="2861921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861921" title="Sidney Veysey">
Sidney Veysey

Sidney G. "Sid" Veysey (born July 30, 1955) is a retired professional ice hockey centre who played one game in the National Hockey League in 1977.
Playing career.
Veysey was selected 182nd overall in the 1975 NHL Amateur Draft by the Vancouver Canucks. Despite being an 11th round pick, he would have a strong start to his pro career, being named the IHL Rookie of the Year in 1976, scoring 87 points for the Fort Wayne Komets. The following season, he led the Tulsa Oilers, Vancouver's top minor-pro affiliate in scoring with 80 points. He made his NHL debut on October 14, 1977, but after playing just the one game was returned to Tulsa. 
After returning to the minors and suffering through a disappointing season in Tulsa which was ruined by shoulder problems, Veysey retired from professional hockey to return to school at the University of New Brunswick, although he continued to play amateur hockey for the school. Following the completion of his degree, he made a brief comeback to pro hockey, suiting up for 17 games in the AHL in 1981–82 before retiring.
Veysey is now a regional scout for the Saint John Sea Dogs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="2861943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861943" title="Philip Harris Ltd.">
Philip Harris Ltd.

Philip Harris Ltd was a British laboratory supply company (part of Philip Harris plc) with a long history that has now been subsumed into a succession of larger, more anonymous corporations. The company brand name is now owned by Findel plc. 
In its heyday the company was known to all science teachers in the UK (and many world-wide) as one of the two "first-call" suppliers for the peculiar needs of school science. 
The company was originally based in Digbeth, Birmingham and started by Thomas Ellis, a surgeon, in 1817. At the time Philip Harris would have been only 15 or 16 years old. He joined Ellis in 1825.
The company traded as a wholesale Chemical Laboratory Company occupying its Bullring site until 1889 (when according to their 'Catalogue of chemical and physical apparatus and chemicals', dated 1889, silver nitrate was selling for 9 shillings per ounce!). They moved to 144-146 Edmund Street at some time around the turn of the century. 
They started manufacturing medicines and drugs in 1866, adding to their sales of chemist and surgical products. 
Later biological and manufacturing units were established at Weston-super-Mare in the 1960s and 70s. The main office was latterly at Shenstone near Lichfield. The biological unit 'Harris Biological Supplies Ltd,' was established in Weston-super-Mare around October 1965, when it moved from Arundel Street, Sheffield; having traded previously as South Yorkshire Biological Supplies Ltd, prior to acquisition by Philip Harris Ltd.
A reputation for forward-thinking innovation was established in the 1960s by research staff working with leading-light science teachers involved in the development of the "Nuffield" modern science education courses. This innovation continued into the 1980s and 1990s with the development of some of the earliest scientific data-loggers to appear anywhere outside of academic research laboratories. 
This innovation reputation persists today - even if only for a brand name rather than a company in its own right.

</doc>
<doc id="2861948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861948" title="Caserta">
Caserta

Caserta is the capital of the province of Caserta in the Campania region of Italy. It is an important agricultural, commercial and industrial "comune" and city. Caserta is located on the edge of the Campanian plain at the foot of the Campanian Subapennine mountain range. The city is best known for the Palace of Caserta.
History.
Modern Caserta was established around the defensive tower built in Lombard times by Pando, Prince of Capua. Pando destroyed the original city around 863. The tower is now part of the Palazzo della Prefettura which was once the seat of the counts of Caserta, as well as a Royal residence. The original population moved from Casertavecchia (former bishopric seat) to the current site in the 16th century.
The city and vicinity were the property of the Acquaviva family, who, being pressed by huge debts, sold all the land to the royal family. The royal family then selected Caserta for the construction of their new palace, which, being inland, was seen as more defensible than the previous palace fronting the Bay of Naples.
At the end of World War II, the royal palace served as the seat of the Supreme Allied Commander. The first Allied war trial took place here in 1945; German general Anton Dostler was sentenced to death and executed nearby, in Aversa.
Geography.
Caserta is located north of Naples. Its municipality borders with Capua, Casagiove, Casapulla, Castel Morrone, Curti, Limatola (BN), Maddaloni, Marcianise, Recale, San Felice a Cancello, San Marco Evangelista, San Nicola la Strada, San Prisco, Sant'Agata de' Goti (BN), Santa Maria Capua Vetere and Valle di Maddaloni.
Transport.
Caserta railway station is a hub for regional and national traffic, and represents an important interchange linking Rome and Naples to Bari. Nearest airport is Naples-Capodichino, located about south.
Caserta is the starting point of the A30 motorway to Salerno and, on A1, is served by two exits: Caserta Nord (C. "North", near Casagiove and Casapulla) and Caserta Sud (C. "South", near Marcianise and San Marco Evangelista.
Famous people.
Caserta was the birthplace of the Italian writer Maria Valtorta, as well as the air power theorist Giulio Douhet.
Fictional character Jennifer Melfi of "The Sopranos" said her family was from Caserta.

</doc>
<doc id="2861953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861953" title="Rodovia Luís de Queiróz">
Rodovia Luís de Queiróz

Rodovia Luiz de Queiroz (official designation SP-304) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
It interconnects the cities of Americana, by the Anhanguera Highway (SP-330) and Piracicaba, serving also the city of Santa Bárbara d'Oeste, at which level crosses with the Rodovia dos Bandeirantes (SP-348). It is approximately 45 km long and double-lane. 
It has been named in honour of Luiz Vicente de Souza Queiroz, a farmer and agriculturist who founded in Piracicaba the first practical school of agriculture in the state, which later became a college of the University of São Paulo.
The highway is managed and maintained by the Department of Roads of the state of São Paulo (DER), thus a toll is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="2861955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861955" title="Torbolton Township, Ontario">
Torbolton Township, Ontario

Torbolton is a geographic township and former municipality that was originally part of Carleton County in eastern Ontario, Canada.
Torbolton is located in the north-western part of the county, bordered to the southwest by Fitzroy Township, to the southeast by March Township and to the north by the Ottawa River. It includes the communities of Baskin's Beach, Buckham's Bay, Constance Bay, Dirleton, Kilmaurs, MacLarens, and Woodlawn.
The township was established in 1821. Although white pine was harvested from the forests of this area from the beginning of the 19th century, the first permanent settler is believed to have been David MacLaren in the 1820s. In 1974, the township was amalgamated with Huntley and Fitzroy to form West Carleton. In 2001, West Carleton became part of the new city of Ottawa.
Torbolton took its name from the village of Tarbolton in Ayrshire, Scotland. Lord Torbolton was one of the titles of Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond, who was Governor General of British North America from 1818 to 1819.
According to the Canada 2011 Census, the Township had a population of 6,920.[http://www12.statcan.gc.ca/census-recensement/2011/dp-pd/prof/details/page.cfm?Lang=E&Geo1=CT&Code1=4513&Geo2=CMA&Code2=505&Data=Count&SearchText=&SearchType=Begins&SearchPR=01&B1=All&Custom=]

</doc>
<doc id="2861957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861957" title="Liebeswalzer (album)">
Liebeswalzer (album)

Liebeswalzer was the fourth album by the East German rock group Silly. It was released in 1985.
"Liebeswalzer" was originally recorded as "Zwischen unbefahr'nen Gleisen" (literally translated as "Between Untraveled Tracks"). But the album - pressed, printed, and ready for release - was ordered destroyed by East German officials for "unapproved" lyrics. Released in its place was the album "Liebeswalzer" ("Waltz of Love"), containing the approved tracks from "Zwischen unbefahr'nen Gleisen" and different versions of the offending songs: "Tausend Augen" ("Thousand Eyes"), the title track "Zwischen unbefahr'nen Gleisen", and "Nur ein Lied" ("Only a Song") were re-recorded with new lyrics and arrangements and renamed "Psycho", "Berliner Frühling" ("Berlin Spring"), and "Großer Träumer" ("Big Dreamer"), respectively. 
In 1990 - as East Germany was in its dying days - "Liebeswalzer" was re-released with the original songs included.
"Liebeswalzer" (1985) 
"Liebeswalzer" (1990 re-release)
Tracks 10 - 12 taken from the unreleased original album "Zwischen unbefahr'nen Gleisen" and never released before.
The album was finally released under its original title, with all the tracks of the 1990 version, on compact disc in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2861958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861958" title="Nagesh Kukunoor">
Nagesh Kukunoor

Nagesh Kukunoor (born 30 March 1967) is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for his works predominantly in Bollywood and Parallel cinema. He is known for films such as "Hyderabad Blues" (1998), "Rockford" (1999), "Iqbal" (2005), and "Lakshmi" (2014). In 2003, he directed "3 Deewarein" which was show cased among the Indian panorama section, at the 2003 International Film Festival of India. The film was also premiered at the Kolkata Film Festival. After having been screened at the Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles, where it was well received, the film was screened at the Commonwealth Festival at Manchester, it was nominated as one of the top five films, at the gala presentation. In 2006, He has garnered the National Film Award for Best Film on Other Social Issues, for directing "Iqbal".
Early life.
Nagesh Kukunoor Naidu was born to Kusuma Sudarshan and KS Naidu in Hyderabad. As a child he loved watching Telugu, Hindi, and English films in the theatres of his neighbourhood, Narayanguda. He moved to Atlanta, Georgia in the United States in 1988, and completed his Master's degree in Chemical Engineering at Georgia Institute of Technology. He studied Acting & direction at the Warehouse Actor's Theater in Atlanta.
Film career.
He invested the money he made from his engineering career in USA in producing the movie "Hyderabad Blues". It is based on a script that he wrote in Atlanta dealing with Indians returning home from the United States of America. He directed and acted in the movie. It was a budget of Rs. 1.7 million (roughly equivalent to US$40,000) and shot in 17 days. It was perceived by Sanjay Arora, an independent film maker, to be realistic and among one of the first movies to use Hyderabadi Urdu correctly. It became the most successful independent film in India. The film was featured at Peachtree International Film Festival in Atlanta and Rhode Island International Film Festival.
Later movies.
"3 Deewarein" (2003) was premiered at the Kolkata Film Festival. In contrast to his earlier work, it had a budget of and featured established actors including Naseeruddin Shah, Juhi Chawla and Jackie Shroff.
In 2006, Nagesh KuKunoor wrote and directed "Dor", a drama film featuring Ayesha Takia, Gul Panag and Shreyas Talpade as the lead actors. Nagesh also acted in the film, playing the role of businessman Chopra. The film is about two women who come from different backgrounds and how fate brings them together. Meera (Ayesha Takia), a young woman who becomes a widow shortly after marriage, is trapped by tradition. Zeenat (Gul Panag), on the other hand, faces the daunting task of saving the life of her husband, who is on trial for murder. A bahuroopiya (Shreyas Talpade) helps her reach Meera, who holds the "string" to Zeenat's hope. The companionship that develops between Meera and Zeenat results in redemption for both. The film, which is a remake of the Malayalam film, Perumazhakkalam (2004), was well received by both, the critics and film buffs.
It was however his film "Iqbal", which was brilliantly written by Vipul K Rawal featuring Shreyas Talpade and Naseeruddin Shah which won him a lot of critical acclaim and recognition for the simple yet heart rendering script and the acting by all actors.
"8x10 Tasveer" (2009), features Akshay Kumar in the lead role and Ayesha Takia as the female lead it is a thriller with a touch of Hollywood style cinematography, but fared poorly at the box office. It is considered to be Nagesh's most self reflective work to date. "I like to cast characters who are close to me. And this one gets as close to me as possible. I was once an environmental consultant. Akshay plays the part of an environment protection officer," Kukunoor said in an April 2009 interview. His latest film Lakshmi is schedule to be release on 17th Jan 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2861959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861959" title="Forty Martyrs">
Forty Martyrs

Forty Martyrs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2861963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861963" title="Clyde Cameron">
Clyde Cameron

Clyde Robert Cameron, (11 February 191314 March 2008), Australian politician, was a member of the Australian House of Representatives for 31 years from 1949 to 1980, a Cabinet minister in the Whitlam government and a leading figure in the Australian labour movement for forty years.
Biography.
Cameron was born in Murray Bridge, South Australia, the son of a shearer of Scottish descent. He was educated at Gawler, but left school at 14 to work as a shearer. During the very worst years of the Great Depression, he was unemployed, and this experience of joblessness was one that he never forgot or forgave. When he finally did get work, later in the 1930s, he ended up having to travel to every Australian state and also to New Zealand. He was active in the Australian Workers' Union and the Australian Labor Party from an early age, becoming an AWU organiser and then South Australian State President and a Federal Vice-President of the union in 1941. From 1943 to 1948 he was the union's industrial advocate and taught himself industrial law. In 1946 he became State President of the Labor Party. 
In 1939 Cameron married Ruby Krahe (always called "Cherie"), with whom he had three children (twins Warren and Tania, and a second son Noel). In 1949 he suffered a personal crisis when all three children were afflicted with poliomyelitis (infantile paralysis). He also learned that his youngest son suffered from an intellectual disability. Although they all eventually recovered from polio, the ordeal permanently affected Cameron, and contributed to the breakup of his marriage. In 1966 the Camerons were divorced and in 1967 he remarried, this time to Dorothy Bradbury.
Cameron was the most powerful figure in the South Australian labour movement in the years immediately after World War II. At the 1949 election he was elected to the House of Representatives for the safe Labor seat of Hindmarsh, leaving his brother Donald (later a Senator) in charge of the South Australian AWU. He rapidly made his mark as one of the most aggressive and uncompromising Labor members ever to enter the Australian Parliament. Cameron regarded the conservatives with a deep and personal hatred, and made no secret of it. He rapidly emerged as one of the leaders of the left wing of the Caucus, led at that time by Eddie Ward, who became Cameron's mentor.
It was the tragedy of Labor politicians of Cameron's generation that Labor spent almost a quarter of a century in Opposition from 1949 to 1972, with the result that Cameron, like many others, spent his best years out of office. During the Labor Split of the 1950s Cameron became a leading supporter of federal Labor Leader Dr H.V. Evatt and an opponent of the right-wing Catholic faction. He was among those who insisted that all the "Groupers" be expelled from the party. He also conducted a long feud with the right-wing (but anti-Grouper) federal leadership of the AWU led by Tom Dougherty, one of the long list of people Cameron detested.
Nevertheless Cameron was an intelligent and able parliamentarian, and by the 1960s he could see that Labor would never win a federal election again unless it could find both a leader and a set of policies acceptable to an increasingly middle-class electorate. Ward's death in 1963 marked the end of the old Depression-era leftism in the federal Caucus. The younger leftist leaders such as Cameron himself, Jim Cairns and Tom Uren were more willing to adapt to changed circumstances. Cameron became increasingly critical of Arthur Calwell's leadership, although he supported Calwell in his passionate opposition to the Vietnam War.
Calwell retired in 1967 and was succeeded by Gough Whitlam. Although he disagreed with Whitlam on many issues, after 1968 Cameron became a supporter of Whitlam's leadership. In 1969 Whitlam made Cameron Shadow Minister for Employment; and Cameron's decisive influence helped Whitlam gain control of the Federal Executive. In 1970 he supported Whitlam's move to reform the Victorian branch of the Labor Party, which was controlled by the extreme left. 
At the December 1972 election Labor came to office under Whitlam, and Cameron became Minister for Labour at the age of 59. He created a sensation by dismissing the permanent head of his department, Sir Halford Cook, and bringing in an outsider: he was always deeply suspicious of senior public servants. But he greatly improved the pay and conditions of other public servants, using the public sector to set new benchmarks which he hoped would be extended to the private sector. Revealing himself to be an unsuspected feminist, he hired Mary Gaudron (later the first woman on the High Court bench) to argue before the Arbitration Commission for equal pay for women workers. His senior advisor was John Bannon, later Premier of South Australia. Following Al Grassby's defeat at the 1974 election, Cameron became Minister for Labour and Immigration. 
The unions had high hopes that Cameron would bring greatly improved benefits for industrial workers. Unfortunately for Cameron, the Australian economy began to deteriorate rapidly in 1974 as a result of the inflation caused by the oil shock, and the government came under increasing pressure to hold back wage increases, which were seen by orthodox economists to be fuelling inflation. Cameron resisted this pressure, and his relations with Whitlam deteriorated. At the same time, he became increasingly critical of the more irresponsible union leaders who, as he saw it, blindly pursued wage rises without regard to the state of the economy, or to the incomes policy of their own Labor government. Despite this, in the twelve months from September 1973, Cameron claimed to have presided over “the greatest redistribution in the favour of wage earners ever to be recorded in any one year by any country in the world.”
By 1975 the Whitlam government was in crisis and Whitlam made a sharp turn to the right, bringing in Bill Hayden as Treasurer and Jim McClelland as Minister for Labour and Immigration. Cameron refused to resign as Labour and Immigration Minister, and Whitlam was forced to ask the Governor-General, Sir John Kerr, to withdraw his commission. He was eventually persuaded to accept the position of Minister for Science and Consumer Affairs. 
Cameron thus became once again Whitlam's implacable enemy, but with the dismissal of Whitlam's government in November there was little he could do. He withdrew to the backbench, where he remained for the next five years till he retired from Parliament prior to the 1980 election.
After politics.
Subsequently he published several volumes of vindictive but amusing memoirs. He kept a diary throughout his career, but shortly after his retirement the volumes of this diary were (he insisted) stolen from his home by ASIO agents. 
In the 1982 Australia Day Honours he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia.
Clyde Cameron College was run by the Australian Trade Union Training Authority from 1977 until its abolition in 1996.
Well into his last years, he remained a frequent contributor to public debate, uttering various remarks showing a surprisingly respectful attitude towards his contemporary and former antagonist B. A. Santamaria. The two men never met, but when Santamaria died in 1998, Cameron (as reported by the Santamaria-founded magazine "News Weekly") paid him a warm tribute, saying that " soul was not for sale."
He was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001.
Cameron died on 14 March 2008, aged 95. He was survived by three children, six grandchildren, 11 great-grandchildren, and one great-great-grandchild.

</doc>
<doc id="2861967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861967" title="Mauricio Ramos">
Mauricio Ramos

Mauricio J. Ramos Méndez (born March 9, 1969 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a retired Bolivian football midfielder. He played 35 international matches and scored 1 goal for the Bolivia national team, including an appearance in the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Tapera", Ramos initiated his career in 1988 playing for Bolivian club Destroyers alongside future stars Marco Etcheverry and Erwin Sánchez as teammates. They quickly established themselves as the "Golden Trio" because of their impressive ability and the perfect blend they created on the field. In 1994, Ramos transferred to club Guabirá, where he excelled and became the best player in the league. In 1995, he went abroad and signed for Brazilian team Cruzeiro. While playing in Brazil, Ramos suffered a serious knee injury that kept him away from the sport for nearly 14 months. After his recovery in 1997, he returned to first division football in great shape with club The Strongest before joining the Major League Soccer, where he played for the Tampa Bay Mutiny (1998–99) and the New England Revolution (2000). After leaving the MLS, he played for Bolivian teams Oriente Petrolero, Unión Central and Club San José, where his career came to an end in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2861970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861970" title="Gala Coral Group">
Gala Coral Group

Gala Coral Group Ltd is a British betting shop, bingo and casino operator owned by private equity houses Candover Investments, Cinven and Permira. In October 2005 it merged with Coral Eurobet for £2.18 billion. The acquisition made it the UK's third largest bookmaker and largest bingo operator. It also owns over 30 casinos. Coral will remain a brand and trading division of the new group.
The Group headquarters are in Nottingham (Gala Bingo and Casino), Stratford, London (Coral), and Woking (Gala Coral Remote Gaming). However in 2011, a decision was made to move substantial parts of the business to Gibraltar, including almost all of the Remote gaming division.
The Group, through acquisitions and new developments have over 1800 Licenced Betting Offices.
Group Divisions.
Gala Bingo.
Gala Bingo operates 137 clubs throughout the United Kingdom, with approximately a 24% share of all clubs and nearly 40% of National Bingo Game ticket sales up until the operator's withdrawal from the National Game in Summer 2008.
Gala has around five million bingo members, of which approximately 1.2 million are active players. Gala Bingo has an average of 600,000 admissions per week.
The bingo division began participation in the Nectar loyalty card scheme on 1 June 2007. Nectar points were originally awarded for club admissions, and additionally for slot machine play from 1 September 2007 - a first for the UK Bingo industry. Gala Bingo no longer participates in the Nectar loyalty card scheme.
On 31 July 2007 pensioner Pauline Clarke, 62, became Gala's first GBP millionaire, after winning a tie-break against another online player.
Coral.
Coral is a bookmaker in Britain, and currently has over 1800 betting shops in the UK as of October 2011 as well as hundreds in Italy trading under the Eurobet name.
Joe Coral began his bookmaking business in 1926, after borrowing some money off of a local cafe owner who happened to be a good friend of Joe's, operating betting pitches at greyhound courses. His great friend, Tom Bradbury-Pratt ran speedway meetings at Harringay and a number of other venues. He, and Joe Coral, went on to establish many speedway and greyhound tracks and Joe was one of the first bookmakers to take advantage of the 1960 legalisation of off-course betting shops and opened his first shop in 1961. In those days Coral were not afraid to lay large commissions, even to shrewd customers.
Coral was acquired by Bass in January 1981, by which time Coral was one of the largest leisure groups in the United Kingdom, comprising approximately 650 betting shops, two greyhound stadiums, social clubs, casinos, hotels and holiday camps. Although the betting shops and stadia retained the Coral name, the other operations were integrated into Bass.
In December 1997 Ladbrokes acquired Coral from Bass. However, the acquisition was referred to the UK Monopolies and Mergers Commission and they concluded in September 1998 that Ladbrokes should not be allowed to retain ownership of Coral (however they were allowed to keep Coral's betting offices in the Channel Islands and integrated these into their own retail division).
Coral Group was then sold in a management buy-out backed by Morgan Grenfell Private Equity in February 1999. At the end of 1999 Eurobet, an internet betting business was acquired and the Group’s name was changed to Coral Eurobet.
The Coral Eurobet Group was then sold in a further management buy-out in September 2002 which was backed by Charterhouse Development Capital.
Coral owns two greyhound racing stadia in Britain, at Romford and Hove. Coral also operates betting shops at three of Britain’s biggest racecourses – Cheltenham, Epsom, and Sandown Park (venue of the company sponsored 'Coral Eclipse' race), plus one each at Gatwick Airport (South Terminal) and Stansted Airport. Coral also has a successful Telebet business, based in Barking.
Coral also operates an online casino, an online gaming site, and an online poker site.
Coral was the first major UK Bookmaker to sign to Turf TV on 22 December 2007.
Coral employs over 11000 betting shop staff within the UK
In 2007, the Group commenced the rollout of betting shops in Italy (under the 'Eurobet' brand) following its success in December 2006 in winning 403 sports and horse race betting licences, through a government-led auction. The Group also set up a joint venture in China.
In July 2009 Coral announced the relocation of their broadcasting department to Milton Keynes to a purpose built studio to manage the inception of its new TV channel, Coral TV.
In May 2010 Coral bookmakers launched the Coral Dugout which was designed to offer in-depth football knowledge from ex-Premier League referee Graham Poll and sports presenter Jeff Stelling during the FIFA World Cup 2010. The Coral Dugout currently features the Coral Insider who posts daily betting odds and tips on the FIFA World Cup 2010 for all online visitors.
In November 2011 Coral announced they had signed for 30,793 sq ft of offices at One Stratford Place at Westfields £1.45bn Stratford City scheme opposite the Olympics stadium in east London. Coral is the first private company to sign for offices at the Olympic park. Westfield has let the seventh and part of the eighth floor of the building to Coral which is moving from head offices in Barking.
Marketing and Advertising.
As part of their experimental marketing campaign strategy, Coral engaged in the ‘RUN 4 IT’ campaign, requiring brand ambassadors dressed in trademark robber costumes, to physically ‘steal’ customers from competitor bookies. Over the course of this 3 week campaign, punters were encouraged to change their betting habits with the lure of a guaranteed win loyalty card and then walked by the ambassadors to the nearest Coral. This campaign saw a 7% conversion rate and 2,447 customers were ‘stolen’ from 900 bookies.
E-Commerce Division.
The division is responsible for the development, management and operation of all the E-Commerce activities of the Gala Coral Group. The division is also the online betting and gaming arm of the Gala Coral Group, offering a wide variety of products and betting opportunities both in the UK and internationally through the Group’s branded services.
Eurobet serves clients in over 130 countries, providing online sports betting in the following languages: English, French, Spanish, German, Italian, Chinese, Greek, Russian, Turkish, Bulgarian, Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, Finnish, Albanian and Czech.
The Telebet business also forms part of this division.
Other services operated by the division include Gala TV.
Gala TV is a TV gaming channel that launched on 4 October 2006 on Sky Digital and Freesat channels 861. The channel shows bingo games.
International Division.
The international division of Gala Coral was formally established on 1 October 2007. The aim of the International division is to develop an integrated multi-brand strategy. The first example of this is Italy with Eurobet retail and eurobet.it
Italy
The Group won 403 betting licences in the open market tender in December 2006 under its Eurobet brand.
China
The Group set up a joint venture to launch land-based bingo in China, with bingo being seen as the most appropriate point of entry for the Group.
Group History.
Coral Eurobet History.
Joe Coral (born Joseph Kagarlitski, 11 December 1904) began his bookmaking business in 1926 and, although primarily concerned with operating betting pitches at racecourses, he did open a credit office in the West End of London in 1943.
He was, though, one of the first to take advantage of the new legislation and duly opened his first licensed betting office in 1961. The new law was, however, not intended to encourage betting and therefore shops were positively unattractive in appearance and devoid of any comforts.
By 1962 there were 13,340 betting offices of which Coral owned 23. During the seventies the situation changed completely and by 1977 four major bookmakers had evolved (including Coral) who owned nearly 24% of the 13,254 shops operating. Coral's number had originally grown to 589 as a result of a merger with another bookmaker, Mark Lane in 1971.
By 1975 the company had become the Coral Leisure Group and had diversified to include a variety of other leisure activities comprising social clubs, casinos, hotels and later holiday camps.
In January 1981, however, the Coral Group was acquired by Bass plc and although it continued to retain the Coral name it became an integral part of the growing Bass Leisure. Bass is one of the oldest established UK companies, William Bass having started the brewing operation in 1777.
With Bass support the number of Coral shops continued to grow during the 80's via acquisitions of Bartletts and Heathorns in 1984, with 13 and 47 shops respectively, PTS in 1985 with 41 shops and Leisure Bookmakers in 1989 with 60 shops.
The private ownership meant that more acquisitions were to come and by the time Coral joined Gala the number of shops had grown to 1260. Coral also owns and operates two greyhound stadiums at Romford and Brighton & Hove (the latter being named the most scenic Greyhound Stadium in the UK), both of which operate using the Coral brand.
At the 2006 UK Gambling Awards, Coral was named "Bookmaker of the Year".
Gala History.
Gala Bingo was formed in May 1991 when Bass plc purchased Granada Theatre Limited's bingo clubs to merge with their existing Coral Social Clubs for a reported £147 million. Gala was officially launched on 17 October 1991 when 17 clubs re-branded and launched a new image. In 1997 a management buy-in purchased all 130 Gala Bingo Clubs from Bass for £235 million. The deal was backed by PPM Ventures (now Silverfleet Capital).
Over the next few years, Gala began acquiring other bingo clubs to increase their portfolio including 17 clubs from Ritz in July 1998 and 10 clubs from Jarglen in March 2000. In April 2000, they added 27 Riva Bingo Clubs from First Leisure for £90 million. Gala diversified outside bingo for the first time when it purchased 26 Ladbroke Casinos for £235 million from the Hilton Group in December 2000. In 2001 it added the Jamba Online business for £1.5m.
The owners sold the whole business for £1.24 billion in February 2003 to the private equity firms Candover and Cinven. Permira bought a stake in the company in August 2005, which valued the business at £1.89 billion. This transaction occurred just two months before the Gala Group merged with Coral Eurobet in a £2.15 billion deal in October 2005, valuing the business at £4 billion.
The group added another 10 bingo clubs in 2006 when it purchased the County Clubs in Scotland for £64 million. The company spent another £14.5 million in February 2006, when it bought the Leo Casino in Liverpool from Dolby Management Ltd increasing the number of casinos in the estate to 31 (at the time).
In November 2006, Gala Coral tabled a bid for the 540 state owned Tote licensed betting offices. The sale of the Tote was a manifesto commitment by the Labour Government. The bid was shortlisted, however the group later chose to withdraw it to concentrate on restructuring.
Gala's total clubs peaked at around 174 but since 2007 and the introduction of smoking bans in Scotland, Wales and England, this total has now declined to around 140. In their 2012 year-end accounts, the company reported employment of 4,801 staff in their bingo clubs, along with 10,849 in 1,600 Coral shops, 2776 in 25 casinos, 276 in remote gambling and 98 in Italy where it has over 400 betting outlets - plus a further 374 in support staff functions.

</doc>
<doc id="2861973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861973" title="Timarchus">
Timarchus

Timarchus or Timarch was a usurper in the Seleucid empire between 163-160 BC. 
A Greek nobleman, possibly from Miletus in Asia Minor, Timarchus was a friend of the Seleucid prince Antiochus IV Epiphanes during his time as a hostage to the Roman Republic. He was appointed satrap of Media in western Iran when Antiochus IV Epiphanes became king in 175 BC, and his brother Heracleides became minister of the royal finances. The Persian part of the empire was threatened by the Parthian kingdom, and Timarchus probably spent much of his time reinforcing the defences. The Seleucid realms probably extended as far as the area of Teheran during this time.
Short reign and defeat.
In the turmoil following the death of Antiochus IV during a Persian campaign in 163 BC, Timarchus became the more or less independent ruler of Media, opposing the general Lysias who acted as steward for the infant king Antiochus V Eupator, son of Antiochus IV.
In 162 BC Demetrius I, the proper heir to the Seleucid throne, became king, killing Lysias as well as the young Antiochus V. This may well have been the provocation that caused Timarchus to take the final step to independence and declare himself king.
Timarchus now managed to extend his realm into Babylonia, where records of his reign were inscribed into the astronomical calendars. His forces were however not enough for the legal Seleucid king: Demetrius defeated and killed Timarchus in 160 BC, and the Seleucid empire was temporarily united again.
Timarchus was one of the last Hellenistic kings in Iran but unfortunately little is known of his reign, except the short - and stereotypical - notion by Appian that Timarchus was a tyrant. On his coins, he introduced the epithet "Great King" "(Basileus Megas)" which was the traditional Achaemenid title and may reflect an effort to gather support from the natives in a time when the Seleucid empire lost ground in Iran. He was inspired by the Bactrian king Eucratides the Great, who had taken the same assuming title a few years earlier. 
Timarchus was survived and avenged by his brother Heracleides, who eventually became champion of Alexander Balas, a boy that he claimed was a natural son of Antiochus IV. Heracleides convinced the Roman Senate to support the young pretender against Demetrius, who was defeated and killed in 150 BC. Thus the family of Timarchus contributed in no little way to the disintegration of the Seleucid empire.
Sources.
Appian, "Syriaka (The Syrian Wars)" 8:§§ 45,47

</doc>
<doc id="2861976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861976" title="Coat of arms of the Czech Republic">
Coat of arms of the Czech Republic

The coat of arms of the Czech Republic () displays the three historical regions—the Czech lands—which make up the nation:
The arms of Bohemia show a silver double-tailed lion on a red background. This Bohemian Lion makes up the first and the fourth quarters of the greater coat of arms, so it is repeated in the shield. The Moravian red-and-silver chequered eagle is shown on a blue background. Since the days of the Habsburg Monarchy until 1918, the Moravian Eagle was chequered in the red-and-gold colours of the Habsburg dynasty. The arms of Silesia are a black eagle with the so-called "clover stalk" in her breast on a golden background, although only a small south-eastern part of the historical region (Czech Silesia) belongs to the Czech Republic.
The history of the Czech coat of arms dates back to the 13th century, when the Bohemian Lion, a meed by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa to King Vladislaus II of Bohemia, appeared on the seal of his Přemyslid descendant King Ottokar II (1253-1278). The Moravian Eagle was first documented on the seal of Ottokar's uncle, Margrave Přemysl (d. 1239). The shields also appeared on the coat of arms of the Lands of the Bohemian Crown established by Emperor Charles IV. The Silesian Eagle stems from the ruling dynasty of the Piasts and was first applied by Duke Henry II the Pious (1238-1241).
Today the shield is also used as the badge for the Czech national ice hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="2861982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861982" title="John Harvey">
John Harvey

John Harvey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2861988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861988" title="Westfield Miranda">
Westfield Miranda

Westfield Miranda (also known as Miranda Fair) is a large shopping centre in the suburb of Miranda in the local government area of Sutherland Shire in southern Sydney in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is managed by the Westfield Group which owns 25 percent of the centre. Another 25 percent is owned by Westfield Retail Trust and the final 50 percent by the Dexus Wholesale Property Fund.
History.
Miranda Fair was originally opened in 1964 as a Myer shopping centre. Designed byTomkins, Shaw & Evans Architects, it was built on the former site of Fowler's brick pit. It was purchased by Westfield in 1969. The shopping centre is 50 percent owned by the Dexus Wholesale Property Fund, 25 percent by the Westfield Retail Trust and 25 percent by Westfield Group. 
Miranda Fair was easily distinguishable as it had a large eight-pointed, slowly revolving star on its rooftop. Part of the heritage of the centre, and somewhat of a local landmark, the star was lit at night and unique to any Westfield shopping centre. The star was removed during the 2013 re-development as the office tower it sat upon was demolished. 
There have been two major renovations and extensions since 1964. The first was in 1971, which made it the largest shopping centre in Australia for its time. It was also was the first major shopping centre to have two major department stores, Grace Bros. and Farmers. Further expansion occurred in 1992 giving it 108,316 square metres (1,165,900 square feet) of retail space. (107,929 square metres or 1,161,734 square feet is also cited) Since these openings, other shopping centres have been built and expanded, including Westfield Parramatta and Westfield Bondi Junction, now making it the fourth largest Westfield shopping centre in Sydney. In December 2005 it was valued at 481.6 million, up from $444.7 million in December 2004
In early 2009, Sutherland Council approved plans to further upgrade the complex, which will include demolition of the office tower and adding 100 additional speciality shops. Myer will lose its ground floor for a larger 'full-line' Woolworths, while a new multi-screen Event Cinemas complex will be added. The entrance will be moved closer to the Kingsway. Demolition of the areas around the office tower began in July 2013. The centre will be expanded by approximately 19,000 square metres to 127,000 square metres of gross lettable area.
Access.
There are several large car parking areas around the complex with parking spaces numbering 4,326. all parking is free (except a secure area carpark for a small flat daily fee) and in peak shopping periods such as Christmas and Boxing Day Sales areas surrounding the centre are leased by management to handle the overflow of demand. Rail access is provided by Miranda railway station on the Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line immediately adjacent, making it easily accessible from southern and eastern suburbs of Sydney.
There was a bus stop under cover at the main circular driveway entrance on The Kingsway (moved while the 2013 re-development is conducted) as well as a terminus on Kiora Rd, which Westfield Miranda passes over. Cronulla, Caringbah, Sutherland, Sylvania and Hurstville are serviced by Transdev NSW services. Taren Point, Ramsgate and Rockdale are serviced by Sydney Buses services.
Location.
The official street address is 600 The Kingsway, Miranda, N.S.W. (New South Wales) Australia, (Postal Code) 2228, but adjacent streets include Kiora Road, Wandella Road, Jackson Avenue and Urunga Parade.
Stores.
Westfield Miranda has 396 Retail outlets. Stores in the centre include:

</doc>
<doc id="2861992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861992" title="Suomen Talvisota 1939–1940">
Suomen Talvisota 1939–1940

Suomen Talvisota 1939–1940 was a provocative Finnish rock band in the years 1969 and 1970. Their only album is called "Underground-Rock". Lyrics for the band were provided under pseudonyms by M.A. Numminen and the Turku poets Markku Into (under the pseudonym Taannehtiva Seuralainen) and Jarkko Laine (under the pseudonym Lauri Kenttä, a reference to Superman's alter ego, Clark Kent). The name of the band literally means "The Finnish Winter War 1939-1940".

</doc>
<doc id="2861994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2861994" title="Iain Hume">
Iain Hume

Iain Edward Hume (born 30 October 1983) is a Canadian footballer who most recently played for Preston North End in League One. Hume was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, but plays internationally for Canada.
Club career.
Tranmere Rovers.
He made his debut for Tranmere at the age of 16. He progressed through the youth ranks at Tranmere and spent the last 18 months of his career at Prenton Park under the guidance of Brian Little. He featured as a substitute when they knocked out Merseyside rivals Everton in the 2000–01 FA Cup in a memorable 3–0 victory at Goodison Park. Hume, who was linked with moves to Preston North End and Sheffield Wednesday prior to signing for Leicester, helped his previous club, Tranmere Rovers claim the scalp of Bolton Wanderers in an FA Cup campaign. He scored the winner in a replay at the Reebok Stadium as Tranmere went on to reach the quarter finals in 2004. His best season for Tranmere was during the 2004–05 campaign where he finished top scorer with 16 goals. Hume is a supporter of Liverpool and Hearts.
Leicester City.
Signed on transfer deadline day at the end of August 2005, Hume was Craig Levein's most expensive signing in his first year as manager. He was bought as a direct replacement for David Connolly who moved to Wigan the same day. Hume put pen-to-paper on a three-year deal after leaving Tranmere Rovers where he made 176 appearances, scoring 37 goals. The fee for Hume was an initial £500,000 that could rise to £750,000, while Tranmere were entitled to a 10% sell-on clause.
Hume signed a new three-year deal on 5 June 2007 to stay at the club. He scored his first goal of the 2007–08 season against Watford on 25 August, and was named in the Championship Team of the Week two days later. The goal was voted Goal of the Season on 28 April 2008. Hume scored his 30th goal for Leicester on 16 February 2008, beating Norwich City 4–0. Despite finishing as the club's top goalscorer with 11 league goals, Hume could not prevent Leicester from being relegated at the end of the season.
Barnsley.
Despite announcing that he would stay at Leicester, on 25 June, Barnsley secured the signing of Hume for £1.2 million. He signalled his intent to live up to the price tag he had been signed for. He was handed the new number 7 shirt, taking the number from Sam Togwell. On the opening day of the season, Hume scored just five minutes into his Barnsley debut away to Queens Park Rangers, however Barnsley lost the game 2–1. Hume was sent off on his home debut for Barnsley, a 2–1 defeat to Coventry City on 16 August 2008. He then scored his second goal for Barnsley in front of the Oakwell crowd with a stunning strike against Derby County. He then scored the 4th of Barnsley's 4–1 win over local rivals Doncaster Rovers, also at Oakwell, with a curling 30-yard strike past Neil Sullivan. He scored his fourth Reds goal in the home game with rivals Sheffield Wednesday. Barnsley ended up winning 2–1.
Fractured skull incident.
On 8 November 2008, he sustained a fractured skull and internal bleeding following an elbow to the head, prior to challenging for the ball, from Chris Morgan against Sheffield United. He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries. He underwent surgery after the incident.
Sheffield United issued a statement following the injury to Hume:
""Sheffield United are saddened and concerned to hear that Barnsley striker Iain Hume is being monitored in a high dependency unit following last Saturday's fixture, and we wish him a speedy and full recovery.""
On 11 November Hume was moved out of the high dependency unit at Manchester Hospital and into a normal ward. Reds manager Simon Davey visited Hume and said he was ""in a bad way, very groggy, but talking"". He was released from hospital on 17 November to continue his convalescence at home but subsequently re-admitted after feeling unwell. According to Sky Sports News this was due to an infection which was treated with antibiotics. Following due observation he was discharged once again.
Hume subsequently returned to light training with the Barnsley squad participating in running and finishing activities.
Return to the first team.
Hume made his long awaited return to the Reds first team with a 50th-minute substitute appearance against Gainsborough on 21 July 2009, his first appearance for nearly nine months.
Preston North End.
Hume joined Preston on 14 September 2010, taking the number 16 shirt. He made his debut against Norwich and scored his first goal for the Lilywhites the following Saturday at Coventry, a right footed shot from 20 yards. He scored his second in as many games in the 6–4 win over Leeds United This pleased the fans a lot as it was the 10th goal of the match at Elland Road, securing the 3 points for Preston.
On 23 October it was announced that Hume would return to Barnsley following a poor run of results for his parent club. However, on the 28th, Hume's loan was extended, with Paul Hayes going the other way to Barnsley with view to a permanent deal for Hume in January. Hume scored the winning goal for Preston on 11 December versus Ipswich Town and fellow international Jaime Peters, the game ended 1–0 with Hume scoring in the 50th. Hume scored against his old club, Leicester City with a half volley in the 90th minute of the game.
Iain Hume moved to Preston North End F.C. in the January 2011 transfer window for an undisclosed fee.
The Ipswich win was followed by a 14-game winless streak, which was broken by three consecutive wins over Scunthorpe, Coventry, and promotion hopefuls Swansea. Hume contributed a goal and an assist in the first two games, while scoring both against Swansea as Preston to a 2–1 win, the second goal coming after a mazy run past three defenders. After a loss to Reading, Hume was again on the scoresheet in the following game against Portsmouth that ended in an eventual 1–1 draw. At the end of the season, Preston were relegated to League One, following a dismal season with only 42 points. Hume led the team with 12 goals in the Championship and became the first player from Preston following relegation to come out publicly committing himself to the team for the following season.
Ahead of the 2011–12 season, he was awarded the vice-captaincy for his sheer effort and commitment to the club, although he shared that role with Graham Alexander until he was given the role of Joint Assistant Caretaker Manager, and he led the team out on their opening day defeat to Colchester United, which finished 4–2. After this, he scored goals against Crewe Alexandra, Scunthorpe United and Brentford.
In a match against Huddersfield Town, when he was not totally fit to play, he sustained an injury, which ended up keeping him out until December. He returned in a 0–0 draw with Stevenage, coming on at half time for an injured Paul Parry. His return was greeted warmly by the Preston fans. He scored his first goal since returning against Carlisle United, in a 3–3 draw on Boxing Day. Then after spending seven more weeks on the sidelines he scored two goals in the 2–1 win over Exeter.
Doncaster Rovers.
On 31 August 2012, Hume signed for Doncaster Rovers on loan from Preston North End) until January 2013, a deal that was extended till the end of the season. Hume made his debut for the club the following day as a second half sub for Kyle Bennett against Yeovil Town, the game ended in a 2–1 defeat. Hume then went on to score in a 2–0 victory over Leyton Orient and also a crucial injury time winner against table toppers Tranmere Rovers. Hume's work ethic and skill soon made him become a fan favourite at the Keepmoat. He then later went to score in a 3–0 win over Hartlepool and then a crucial goal in the 3–2 win against Doncaster's local rivals; Scunthorpe United. Hume helped guide Doncaster Rovers to the league one title earning his first medal of his career and finished the 2012–2013 season with 7 goals.
Fleetwood Town.
On 20 March 2014, Hume joined League Two side Fleetwood Town until the end of the season. The move reunited him with Graham Alexander, his captain at Preston North End. Hume was assigned the number 36 shirt.
International.
Hume played at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship in Argentina, alongside Atiba Hutchinson and Mike Klukowski among others. He starred for Canada at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. He scored three goals, including the game winner versus Czech Republic. The win over the Czech's qualified Canada for the round of 16, where they eliminated Burkina Faso on a goal by Josh Simpson. In the quarter finals, Hume scored the equalizer in the 53rd minute to send their game against Spain to extra time. Canada eventually bowed out to the Spanish by a 2–1 scoreline. It is Canada's best showing at a FIFA male event.
He made his senior debut for Canada in a February 2003 friendly match against Libya.
Coming on as a substitute in the 2007 CONCACAF Gold Cup semi-final versus the United States, he made an immediate impact, making his presence known through a few tough tackles and a remarkable goal, snapping Canada's 705-minute scoring drought in matches versus the United States. Minutes later he kept Canada within a goal's reach courtesy of a goal-line clearance with his heel, to deny Clint Dempsey a goal.

</doc>
<doc id="2862000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862000" title="Osio Sopra">
Osio Sopra

Osio Sopra is a "comune" (municipality) of 4,019 inhabitants in the province of Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy.
The history of Osio Sopra has significant links to Osio Sotto's. 
Early settlements can be traced to Ancient Roman times, when an important communication road linked Milan to Bergamo passing through the bridge 'Ponte Corvo' in the Marne locality. In Bergamo, the last section of this road was in-fact named 'via Osio', highlighting the importance of the place. 
During those times, Osio underwent an important process of centuriation, with which a first development of the 'pagus' took place; the name 'Osio' originates from the Patrician 'gens Otia' (or gens Oxia).
Among Osio Sopra's landmarks, the medieval Catholic church of San Zenone features good quality paintings of Lombard artists. Legend has it that this sacred church was built with materials from an ancient castle.
The Santuario della Madonna della Scopa is a chapel located on the border Osio Sopra shares with Osio Sotto. Built in the fifteenth century, it was initially much smaller than it is today, with the most recent extension added at the beginning of the twentieth century. Religious frescoes cover its inner walls. According to the legend, the name of the chapel ('Madonna della scopa' is Italian for 'Madonna of the broom') is due to a miraculous apparition in which the Virgin Mary intervened to clean up this chapel at a time in which it had been abandoned.
Finally, Palazzo Camozzi-Andreani, also known as Villa Andreani or more colloquially as Palazzo delle Gigine, was built during the eighteenth century as a library.
Osio Sopra's western border consists of the river Brembo; along its shore, a number of natural reserves such as Bosco Astori are frequented by locals and visitors for recreational purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="2862003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862003" title="William Goldwin">
William Goldwin

William Goldwin (born c.1682; died at Bristol 1747) was an English schoolteacher and vicar who left his mark on cricket by creating the sport's earliest known work of literature. Goldwin, whose name is sometimes spelt "Goldwyn", wrote a poem of 95 competent and sometimes graceful lines of Latin hexameters on a rural cricket match. It was called "In Certamen Pilae" (On a Ball Game) and it was published in his "Musae Juveniles" in March 1706. 
Little is known of Goldwin himself. He attended Eton and then graduated to King's College, Cambridge in 1700. He subsequently became a Master of Bristol Grammar School and was Vicar of St Nicholas' Church in Bristol until his death in 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="2862007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862007" title="Hyderabadi Urdu">
Hyderabadi Urdu

Hyderabadi Urdu () is a dialect of Urdu spoken in areas of erstwhile Nizam's Hyderabad State (now in Telangana, Marathwada region of Maharashtra and Hyderabad-Karnatak region of Karnataka) and its diaspora. It is also known as "Deccani Urdu" from its former name Hyderabad Deccan. It contains loan words from Indian languages like Marathi, Telugu, Kannada and foreign languages like Arabic, Turkish and Persian.
Linguistic.
The Hyderabadi dialect derives from the bonafide language, DAKHANI, that took root in the Deccan when Emperor Aurangzeb invaded and occupied the region and his armies introduced the "Camp" or "Lashkari" language to the area. The Lashkari was the lingua franca born in Delhi and northern India as a necessity for the armies of a succession of Muslim invaders from Iran, Turkey and Afghanistan to communicate with the native population. Within the passage of a remarkably short time, though, the language became more refined as more and more Persian and Arabic words modified the language into Urdu, that flourished in the latter Mughal court of Bahadur Shah Zafar and of the intelligentsia of Delhi and Lucknow. In the Deccan, however, it retained its original form, referred to now as Dakhani (of, or pertaining to, Dakhan(South), Anglosized as Deccan). However, speaking the "fasih" urdu that is the orthodox urdu dialect is considered more respectable in the region. 
Linguistically, Hyderabadi dialect is notable for its unique mixture of Urdu with other regional languages (Marathi, Telugu, Kannada) within the Historic State of Hyderabad as well as Middle Eastern Languages (Arabic, Persian, Turkish). This dialect is intelligible by most Hindi\Urdu speakers. 
Some differences are:
The word "ich" is often added after a noun or verb to express the confidence of the action. In orthodox urdu "hi" would be used. For example:
"Biryani ich laaraun main." In orthodox urdu this would be "Biryani hi laa raha hun main".
"Kal ich yaad kara main tumaarku". In orthodox urdu this would be "Kal hi yaad kiya maine tumhe".
The Urdu word "hai" is often dropped. For example Urdu "Mujhey maaloom hai" would be "Mereyku maaloom"
Popular Words.
One of the most popular words used in the Hyderabadi dialect is "Baigan". It literally means "Eggplant" or "Brinjal". It is used to mark Happiness, Sorrow, Anger, Fear, Skepticism, etc. In slang it even refers to the human male genitals. A variation of the word is "pinda" which has almost the same usage.
"katey" is often used when a person mentions something told by someone else. It could be translated as "it seems". Usage: "Kal uney bahar jaare katey" means "It seems he is going outside tomorrow".
Plural form of words.
The suffix "an" is often used to mark plurality. The letter 'n' is an almost silent nasal stop. For example, Log(people) would become Logaan, Baat(talk) would become baataan, Aadmi(men) would become Aadmiyaan, etc, in the Hyderabadi dialect.
Pronunciation.
One of the main differences is that the letter "Qaaf" is pronounced as "Khaa". 'qabar' (grave) is pronounced as 'khabar' (news).
Another difference in pronunciation is that many long a's (as in "father") are pronounced "uh" as in "hut." For example, instead of "aadmi" (man) or "raasta" (path) in Orthodox Urdu, Hyderabadi Urdu would use "admi" and "rasta." Similarly "bhool" (to forget), "toot" (to break) and "chooriyan" (bangles) is "bhul", "tut" and "Churyan" in Hyderabadi.
Popularity and usage.
Long before 2006, in the sixties (i.e. 1960- 1965) film star Mehmood had popularised the hyderabadi slang in Indian films. 
Also we must not forget that Osmania University had adopted Urdu as the medium of instruction as early as 1923 and it was discontinued after the fall of Hyderabad in 1948.
A very famous Guinness record holder drama /stage comedy written in Dakhni is Adrak Ke Punjey.
Many Urdu poets also write in the Hyderabadi dialect, including Pagal Adilabadi, Khwamakhwa and Nukko Hyderabadi (of Chicago, Illinois).
Hyderabadi Urdu regained sudden prominence and recognition in 2006 after the success of the comedy film The Angrez in which the characters use the dialect. The film's success sparked several further Hyderabadi dialect films including: Kal ka Nawab, Hyderabad Nawaabs, Aadab Hyderabad, Gullu Dada, Gullu Dada returns, Berozgaar, Hungama In Dubai.
Region.
Administratively, Hyderabad State was made up of sixteen districts, grouped into four divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="2862011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862011" title="Luis Cristaldo">
Luis Cristaldo

Luis Héctor Cristaldo Ruiz Díaz (born August 31, 1969 in Formosa, Argentina) is an Argentine-Bolivian football midfielder who currently plays for Guabirá. He holds the record for the most appearances for the Bolivian national team with 93 international matches and 5 goals between 1989 and 2005, including two appearances in the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Cristaldo made his international debut on September 10, 1989 in a World Cup Qualifier against Uruguay in Montevideo (2-0 loss).
Born in Argentina, he relocated to Santa Cruz, Bolivia at the age of 15. Cristaldo then began attending the prestigious Tahuichi football academy, and by the time he was 18 years-old he made his official debut in first division. He played for Bolivian teams Oriente Petrolero (1990–92) and Bolívar (1993–98), winning 4 national titles combined during those years.
In 1998, he went abroad to play for Sporting de Gijón in Spain and later with Cerro Porteño and Sol de América in Paraguay, not to mention a previous spell he had during 1994 with Argentine club Mandiyú de Corrientes and legendary Diego Maradona as the manager.
In 2001, Cristaldo returned to Bolivia and played with The Strongest for the next six years. In 2007, during his second spell with Oriente Petrolero he called it quits, laying his football career to rest permanently after seventeen years of professional football.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2862016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862016" title="Hurdles (agricultural)">
Hurdles (agricultural)

Hurdles are a form of rural crafts. They are lightweight portable fencing structures that are used to enclose (or 'fold') animals such as sheep (i.e.: a sheepfold). In England & Wales they have often been woven from ash tree, willow or hazel withies, and made windproof with wattle, and so called 'wattle hurdles'. There are also 'gate hurdles' that are made from split poles.

</doc>
<doc id="2862032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862032" title="Semele (disambiguation)">
Semele (disambiguation)

Semele may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862035" title="James Wesolowski">
James Wesolowski

James Peter Wesolowski (born 25 August 1987) is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Shrewsbury Town. He plays in Europe with a Polish passport, having dual nationality.
Club career.
Leicester City.
Wesolowski played for Australian side Northern Spirit before signing for Leicester City in 2002. After showing a lot of potential in the reserves, Wesolowski played for Leicester in a pre-season friendly against Celtic in 2005, but suffered a broken leg due to a challenge from Bobo Baldé. He underwent surgery on the leg but the injury sidelined him until the start of 2006. Wesolowski returned and impressed for the Leicester first team, making his debut at home to Cardiff City in January 2006. However, after only five appearances, he broke his same leg against Brighton in February. He recovered in time for the start of the 2006–07 season, although a thigh injury kept him out of the side for the first month.
The departure of Joey Guðjónsson gave Wesolowski the opportunity to become a first team regular, although he still faced stiff competition from then-teammates Stephen Hughes and Andy Johnson for the central midfield spot. He scored his first senior goal in a 4–3 FA Cup defeat to Fulham on 17 January 2007. Wesolowski played a total of 19 league games, helping Leicester survive relegation.
In July 2007, Wesolowski agreed to a contract extension with Leicester that would see him remain at the club until 2011. He scored his second goal of his career in a 1–0 League Cup win over Accrington Stanley on 14 August 2007, before being sidelined for six weeks with a hamstring injury on 18 September in a 3–2 League Cup win over Nottingham Forest. Wesolowski had more hamstring problems following recovery, and he was injured again on 8 December in a 2–1 defeat to West Brom, sidelining him until Christmas. Despite playing a total of 22 league games, Wesolowski could not prevent Leicester from being relegated at the end of the 2007–08 season.
Wesolowski lost his place in the first team the following season, playing just four cup matches. On 2 October 2008, he joined Cheltenham Town on a three-month loan deal, linking up with former Leicester manager Martin Allen and fellow loanee Barry Hayles, with the option of being recalled after the first month. His loan ended early after suffering a fractured ankle in a 2–0 away defeat to Tranmere Rovers in October. On 2 February 2009, Wesolowski joined Dundee United on loan for the remainder of the 2008–09 season, with the option of making the deal permanent. He made his debut in a 1–0 home defeat to Hearts, playing for 65 minutes before being substituted. After featuring in every match since arriving, Wesolowski suffered a hamstring injury in early May in a match against Hibernian, ending his season.
On 4 August 2009, Wesolowski joined SPL side Hamilton Academical on loan for an initial six-month period, which was extended till the end of the season after some impressive run of form.
Peterborough United.
On 1 June 2010, Wesolowski signed a two-year deal at Peterborough United for an undisclosed sum.
Oldham Athletic.
On 8 August 2011, Wesolowski signed a one-year deal with league one club Oldham Athletic.
On 22 October 2011, Wesolowski scored his first goal for the Latics. He scored the opener in a 2–0 win against Wycombe Wanderers.
Wesolowski had his best season for the club yet in the 2013-14 season, he played nearly every game for the club & scored 5 goals, his best ever goal - scoring season. The vast improvement he had shown resulted in him scooping up 5 awards at the end of season awards, including Player of the Year.
On Wednesday 7 May, when the clubs retained list was announced, it was confirmed that a formal contract offer had been made to Wesolowski. With Wesolowski stating that he "would love to stay here" and that he would like to come to an arrangement with the club over a new contract.
Shrewsbury Town.
On June 6th 2014, despite a contract offer from the Oldham, Wesolowski made the move to Shrewsbury Town, becoming the 7th summer signing to join the League Two side.
International career.
Wesolowski received international acclaim at the end of the 2004–05 season after competing for Australia in the FIFA World Youth Championship and was labelled "a star in the making" by the Australian Football Federation. Wesolowski was called up to the Australian national team on his 19th birthday for the 2007 Asian Cup qualifier against Kuwait, but was withdrawn from the squad days later after consultation with medical staff from both parties 'on precautionary grounds'. On 6 November 2007, he was called up to the national team for a friendly match against Nigeria on 17 November, but was an unused substitute as Australia won 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="2862037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862037" title="A.F.C. Sudbury">
A.F.C. Sudbury

A.F.C. Sudbury is an English semi-professional football club from Sudbury, Suffolk. The club was formed in 1999 by the merger of Sudbury Town and Sudbury Wanderers, the process giving rise to the name Amalgamated Football Club Sudbury. A.F.C. Sudbury won the Eastern Counties League Premier Division five seasons in a row and reached the final of the FA Vase three years in a row, both records for the respective competitions. Their home ground is the King's Marsh Stadium in the Ballingdon-Brundon area of Sudbury, and their home colours are yellow and blue. The club are now competing in the Isthmian League Division One North, having been transferred from the Southern Football League Division One Midlands after the end of the 2009–10 season.
History.
A.F.C. Sudbury was formed on 1 June 1999 by the amalgamation of the town's two previous clubs, Sudbury Town (founded 1885) and Sudbury Wanderers (founded 1958).
The club's relatively short history has seen Sudbury win several league and cup titles. In their debut season, 1999–2000, Sudbury finished in third place in the Eastern Counties League Premier Division. The following five seasons all resulted in Sudbury winning the same league's title – a league record. Sudbury did not take promotion at any of these opportunities, despite being entitled to. The financial constraints of owning two grounds led the board not to apply for promotion until the beginning of the 2005–06 season. After finishing third in 2005–06, and passing the necessary ground inspection, Sudbury were invited to take promotion into a resurrected Isthmian League Division One North, following the re-structuring of the National League System. Potential legal action from the Northern Premier League nearly scuppered this move, but Sudbury started 2006–07 in the new division. The management team of Gary Harvey and Michael Cheetham, who took the team up, both resigned before the season could begin, citing work and family commitments, respectively. New manager Mark Morsley was appointed in May 2006, signed from Needham Market. Sudbury's first season at this level saw the club finish in fifth place, qualifying them for the promotion play-offs. After beating Enfield Town in the semi-final, Sudbury lost to Harlow Town in a penalty shoot-out. Sudbury again qualified for the play-offs in 2007–08, finishing second in the table, but were defeated in the semi-final by eventual winners Canvey Island. In the close-season manager Morsley resigned and was replaced by his assistant, Nicky Smith. Sudbury were moved into the Southern Football League Division One Midlands for 2008–09 following a restructuring of the English football pyramid. After two seasons of mid-table finishes the club was moved back to the Isthmian League Division One North for 2010–11. Smith resigned in September 2011 and was replaced by his assistant Chris Tracey.
Sudbury have enjoyed several successful runs in the national cup competitions. In 2000–01 the club reached the first round of the FA Cup before being comprehensively defeated at Darlington. Sudbury have mostly made a name for themselves nationally in the FA Vase. In 2001–02 the club reached the competition's semi-finals, before being knocked out by Tiptree United. The following three seasons saw Sudbury reaching the final each year (a Vase record), but being defeated every time, by Brigg Town, Winchester City and Didcot Town, respectively. Sudbury have also won the Suffolk Premier Cup three times, in 2001–02, 2002–03 and 2003–04, and the Eastern Counties League Cup in 2005–06.
Reserve team.
The A.F.C. Sudbury Reserves team initially played in the Reserves section of the Eastern Counties League before joining Division One of the league at the start of the 2013–14 season, at which point it was renamed AFC Sudbury Reserves/Under-21s.
The team finished their first season in the First Division in 15th position, after losing their final twelve fixtures in the league.
Colours and badge.
A.F.C. Sudbury's club colours are yellow and blue. The club's kit for the 2013–14 season comprises yellow shirts with blue trim along the shoulders, blue shorts with yellow trim down the sides, and plain yellow socks. The kit is manufactured by Errea, and the front of the shirts features the logo of the club's sponsor, The MEL Group, an aerospace design and manufacture company. The club's second choice kit, usually when away from home, is all red with white trims,although in past seasons other colours have been used, such as all white in the 2007–08 season. Sudbury Town played in a Yellow/Blue strip.. 
The club badge is the town crest of Sudbury, which incorporates a talbot dog with its tongue sticking out.
Ground.
AFC Sudbury play their home games at the King's Marsh Stadium in the Ballingdon-Brundon area of Sudbury, previously home to Sudbury Wanderers. Since June 2010, due to a sponsorship deal, the ground is officially titled The MEL Group Stadium. At the time of A.F.C. Sudbury's formation the ground consisted of two pitches, a training area, clubhouse, floodlights, a 200-seat stand on the West side of the main pitch and covered ends behind the goals. A 300-capacity terrace (the Shed) was constructed on the East side of the pitch in 2000 and houses the more vocal section of the crowd. A new clubhouse, also containing a grassroots football and education centre, was completed in 2010. The ground is fully enclosed by fencing and there are turnstiless at the main entrance.
A.F.C. Sudbury sold Sudbury Town's former ground, the Priory Stadium, to a housing developer in June 2007. The money from this sale was earmarked for paying off loans, and capital gains tax, as well as a new clubhouse and changing rooms. Planning permission for the construction of the new facilities was granted by Babergh District Council in August 2008, though various conditions regarding issues such as possible land contamination, the site's archaeological value, risk of flooding and drainage are required to be addressed before work may commence.

</doc>
<doc id="2862039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862039" title="Slide Mountain (Ulster County, New York)">
Slide Mountain (Ulster County, New York)

Slide Mountain is the highest peak in the Catskills. It is located in the Town of Shandaken in Ulster County, in southern New York. While the contour line on topographic maps is generally accepted as its height, the exact elevation of the summit has never been officially determined by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey, and many informal surveys suggest the mountain may actually top 4,200 feet (1,280 m) above sea level.
While it was not identified as the range's highest peak until the late 19th century, it has played a prominent role in Catskill history. Renowned naturalist John Burroughs wrote memorably of his climbs up Slide, and it helped get the Catskills added to New York's Forest Preserve. Bicknell's thrush was first identified on its summit.
Geography.
Like most other Catskill peaks, Slide's summit is gentle and rounded, taking the form of a narrow ridge that rises to a wider bump on its eastern end. From there the mountain slopes down steeply to the col with neighboring Cornell Mountain.
At the western end, a broad slope, part of the Catskill Divide, leads down to the gap between Slide and Hemlock Mountain to the west and Winnisook Lake, the source of Esopus Creek, to the mountain's northwest.
Two more pronounced ridges lead off the mountain, one to the southwest and the col with Wildcat Mountain, the other to the north and Giant Ledge.
Both upper branches of the Neversink River begin on the mountain's slopes.
In addition to the Catskills, Slide is also the highest point of:
It is also the southernmost peak in the Northeast exceeding . The Appalachians do not rise to that level again until West Virginia.
History.
Identification as highest Catskill peak.
For a mountain with so many superlatives, Slide actually took a long time to be discovered for what it was.
The mountain received its name locally from a landslide in 1819 on its north face near the summit. The scar can still be seen today, and in fact was partially gouged out again by another slide in 1982.
Slide would not be established as the highest peak in the range until 1886, long after much of the interior Northeast and their mountain ranges had been surveyed and settled. Due to land disputes and schemes that dated back to the colonial period, no complete, impartial survey of the entire Catskill region had been carried out until then.
Seven years earlier, Princeton geology professor Arnold Henry Guyot had been staying at the popular Catskill Mountain House when he became interested in the surrounding mountains, and management's claim that nearby Kaaterskill High Peak () was the highest in all the Catskills despite growing doubt. His survey, carried out on his own time and at his own expense, established that Slide, located some distance to the southwest, was far and away the highest peak in the range. His findings were vehemently disputed by the hotelkeepers around North-South Lake until others confirmed his results.
There was a movement, once its status had been confirmed, to give Slide a name believed to be more fitting for a highest peak. "Mount Lincoln," after the late U.S. president, was popular for a while. But it ended when Guyot announced that he preferred Slide, as he had followed local custom wherever possible in naming the peaks for his survey.
Legends have grown up over the years in the Catskills over this belated discovery of the range's highest peak. Some tell of a new owner of Hunter Mountain, the range's other 4,000-footer and second-highest peak, swinging a level around to ensure he had bought the highest peak until being stopped by Slide. Another story has John Burroughs, who later became rich and famous writing about his hikes up Slide and other nearby mountains, proving the case atop the mountain by having his friends aim a rifle with a ball in the barrel at all other contending peaks and observing that the ball fell out every time.
Regardless, tourism soon shifted to the new highest peak, and a local woodsman, Jim Dutcher, who knew the mountain well from his days peeling hemlock bark for tanning, built a hotel and did a regular business escorting visitors to the summit up a trail he built in 1880. While it runs over privately owned land and has been abandoned since 1941 save for the final section leading across the summit ridge from the west, it still exists and can be followed.
Forest Preserve.
Around the same time, Slide would prove instrumental in creating New York's Forest Preserve as it exists today.
Some of the other private lands near the mountain had been utterly deprived of any value by tanners who had decided to boost their profits by neglecting to pay their property taxes and simply leaving the area. At that time, when the county took possession through foreclosure, it was among those required by the state to guarantee payment of state property taxes.
Many county voters and landowners felt shafted, leading Ulster to refuse to pay despite a court order. Their representatives in Albany worked out a compromise by which the lands in question were given to the state as part of the newly established Forest Preserve, originally meant to include just the Adirondacks, to satisfy the county's unpaid debts to the state. That was the beginning of what ultimately became the Catskill Park.
On June 11, 1886, a delegation from the state's forest commission climbed Slide to give some sort of official recognition to the peak and the Catskill Forest Preserve. While they used Dutcher's trail, the man himself did not take part ... in fact, he did no maintenance on the trail beforehand, since he was a Republican and the commissioners had been appointed by Democratic governor David Hill. Nevertheless, the party got to the summit, where Townsend Cox, head of the commission, declared the view as fine as anything to be found in the Adirondacks.
The next year the state decided to use 200 acres (80 ha) along the West Branch of the Neversink at the west slope of the mountain (south of the current trailhead) to reintroduce white-tailed deer, which had been seriously thinned in the area over the preceding century. A 10-foot (3 m) wooden fence was built around the whole area to protect them from poaching, and eventually 95 deer were released back into the wild, successfully re-establishing the species. 
Ironically, today there are actually very few deer in that area, because the undisturbed forest no longer offers as much of the second- and third-growth species deer prefer to feed on, and predators such as black bears have become more numerous as well.
The new legislation helped Slide score a significant first in 1892, when the state appropriated $250 to build a trail, paralleling Dutcher's, up the west side of the mountain — the first trail built at public expense in the Forest Preserve. A survey was also authorized to determine whether it was on public land, and even though it was not the trail was built anyway.
While heavily eroded and rocky, it is still in use today as part of the Burroughs Range Trail and remains the most frequently used ascent.
Two years later the Forest Preserve legislation was written into a new version of New York's constitution as Article 14.
John Burroughs.
Slide's fame was spread far and wide by Burroughs. He had often been able to see the peak's summit ridge from Old Clump Mountain near his boyhood home in Delaware County, likening it to seeing a horse grazing from behind.
He tried to climb the mountain several times with friends, and his account of his successful ascent from nearby Woodland Valley, "The Heart of the Southern Catskills," is one of his best works. He wrote of the view from the summit:
"Here the works of man dwindle," was put on a plaque near the summit by the Winnisook Club shortly after his death in 1921 and placed on a ledge near the summit that offers the best view from the mountain. It has since been known as Burroughs Ledge.
Eugene Bicknell.
Another early visitor to the mountain was an amateur ornithologist from Brooklyn named Eugene Bicknell. On one of those days, he caught a small brown thrush near the summit which he was unable to identify as belonging to any known species of that time.
The bird was named Slide Mountain thrush at first, then Bicknell's thrush when it was found living high up in the boreal forests of other Northeastern mountains. But it was not studied, as prevailing scientific opinion of the time considered it a subspecies of the gray-cheeked thrush. Only in the late 20th century did newer research methods such as DNA comparisons prove that it was, indeed, a separate species, setting off a scramble to save habitat and learn as much as possible about it.
Early 20th century.
The trail built in 1892 had been meant to facilitate travel to the lookout towers that existed in some form or another on the mountain's summit. Recreational visitors found views from the summit severely limited without a stand to get above the trees; the state was interested in fire control.
Despite the peak's importance in establishing the Forest Preserve in the Catskills, much of the land remained in private hands. While purchases in 1900 did much to change that, it would take until 1928 before the state actually acquired the summit property and much of the land it had already built a trail on. 
During World War II, a small military training plane crashed on the mountain's east slope at about 3,620 feet (1,103 m). While most of the debris is gone, the site can still be reached via a short side path from the Burroughs Range Trail.
Wilderness area.
In the mid-1960s, the formal organization of the Catskill Mountain 3500 Club, the range's first peak bagging organization, gave more hikers a reason to climb the mountain as they were required to do so at least twice, once in wintertime and once during the rest of the year, for membership.
Around the same time, the Long Path was also routed over the mountain when it was finally established as a marked trail rather than a collection of points of interest. The summit is still the highest point on the entire trail.
A major change in management of the mountain occurred in the mid-1970s, after the state's Conservation Commission had become the Department of Environmental Conservation and the Temporary Commission on the Future of the Catskills had recommended that it establish a master plan for all the Catskill lands. Slide would wind up lending its name to the state-designated Slide Mountain Wilderness Area, the largest in the Catskills at 47,500 acres (190 km²). New regulations also ended abuse of the summit by campers.
For many years, the first two miles (3 km) or so of the trail climbing Slide crossed the property of the nearby Winnisook Club. There was a metal gate across the Burroughs Range Trail marking the property line, below which nearly every tree had a No Trespassing sign on it. Because of the 1970s hiking boom, parking along the road at Winnisook Lake (there was no parking lot) had become a nightmare. In the late 1970s, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation solved the problem by buying the land south of the ridgeline from the Winnisook Club, making all but the last stretch of trail to Winnisook Lake public land. Then, in its first-ever Unit Management Plan for the wilderness area, they built a new parking lot further south down Ulster County Road 47 and relocated the trail onto the new public land, ending at the new parking lot. This was the trailhead for a new section of the Phoenicia-East Branch Trail, which connected to the carriage road commonly used very near the base of the Burroughs Range Trail.
This new section requires crossing the west branch of the Neversink right at the beginning. While it is normally not difficult to follow the stepping stones, the creek can be impassable and even fatal in high water. In December 2000, Timothy O'Lear, a Boy Scout from Long Island drowned when he fell in and was caught under some nearby tree branches when returning after a weekend backpacking trip. He is memorialized with a small plaque on a bench at the beginning of the trail.
Natural environment.
Forest.
Slide's slopes are covered with a typical Catskills ridge hardwood forest of various maple species, yellow birch and beech at lower elevations and a boreal forest composed predominantly of balsam fir at higher elevations. Paper birch can be found where the two forests begin to change over.
Catskill forest researcher Michael Kudish has found an anomalous grove of sugar maple at roughly 3,900 feet (1,189 m) in elevation just off the trail near the western end of the mountain's summit ridge.
He has also noted that, in contrast to the boreal forests on other Catskill High Peaks, Slide's has no red spruce. He does not believe there ever has been any. There are some groves and isolated individual trees on lower elevations on the mountain.
Geology.
One of the mountain's more curious features is the white quartz pebbles found on the trail along the summit ridge, which lend it something of a garden-path feel.
These are found nowhere else in the Catskills, and since it is likely that they would not have survived the Wisconsin glaciation, it has been speculated that Slide's summit may have been a nunatak during that time, protruding above the ice which buried all the other peaks. However, one researcher reportedly found striation marks on rocks along the summit ridge, suggesting that glaciers did indeed cover the summit. Those marks have eroded over time, however, becoming more difficult to confirm, and the consensus now is that they may have been left instead by glaciers during the Illinoian Stage prior to the Wisconsin Stage.
The quartz pebbles have also suggested that the Catskills might once have had coal beds, as in mines in nearby areas of Pennsylvania they signify there is no more coal below.
Approaches.
Trailed and trailless routes exist to the summit. To protect the higher-elevation forests, DEC regulations prohibit camping above 3,500 feet (1,067 m) anywhere on Forest Preserve land in the Catskills except between December 21 and March 21. Open fires are banned in those areas all year round.
Trails.
Three trails combine to create three possible approaches to the mountain, although only one crosses the summit.
Burroughs Range Trail from the west.
The most popular route up Slide has always been from the pass between it and the mountains to the west, where the high elevation at the trailhead has greatly reduced the vertical ascent required. The move from Winnisook Lake to the new state trailhead has added to the climb slightly, but it is still less than that required to climb some of the lower Catskill High Peaks.
After crossing the upper west branch of the Neversink at the trailhead, 2,400 feet (731.5 m) in elevation, the yellow-blazed P-EB trail works its way gently up slope and over some lesser streams 0.7 mile (1 km) to the old carriage road it originally followed through the Winnisook Club property. It follows this south past a reliable spring 0.3 mile (500 m) to the western terminus of the red-blazed Burroughs Range Trail, the old horse trail built in 1892.
This works its way steadily up Slide's southwest ridge for about a mile to the summit ridge, where boreal forest takes over and it abruptly turns to the north, then west again to follow the north side of the summit ridge. Shortly after this latter turn, the old Dutcher Trail, marked by very faded orange blazes, comes in from the north. The remainder of this section, where the treadway lies heavy with the white quartz pebbles, is the trail Dutcher built and used in his day.
An official trail, the Curtis-Ormsbee (see below), soon comes in from the south. At this point the Long Path also joins the trail. From here it is 0.7 mile (1 km) to the summit, with spectacular views to the north opening up at several points along the way. The best is just short of the summit, just above the top of the slides that give the mountain its name.
Total distance via this route is 2.75 miles (4.4 km), with a vertical ascent of 1,700 feet (518 m).
Curtis-Ormsbee Trail.
Reached from the same starting point, the Curtis-Ormsbee Trail adds more distance to the overall trip but is a favorite with serious hikers since it offers an additional viewpoint and passes through more scenic stretches of forest. It is the route the Long Path takes up the peak.
It is named in memory of William Buckingham Curtis and Allan Ormsbee, two hikers from New York who died in a sudden snowstorm in the Presidential Range of New Hampshire's White Mountains on June 30, 1900. They had laid the trail out, and a small monument to them is located at the trail's southern end, where it leaves the Phoenicia-East Branch Trail 0.8 mile (1.2 km) south of the Burroughs Range Trail junction, in the col between Slide and neighboring Wildcat Mountain.
The blue-blazed trail, 1.6 miles (2.6 km) long follows another ridge up to the junction with the Burroughs Range Trail on the summit ridge. Just above the signs indicating the camping and fire restrictions that NYSDEC has put in place for areas above 3,500 feet (1,067 m) in the Catskills to protect the montane forests, there are two viewpoints just off the trail. One takes in Table and Lone mountains; the other offers the only good glimpse of the lowest High Peak, remote and challenging Rocky Mountain. It continues to the summit through long and fragrant stretches of balsam fir and soil muddy enough to require puncheon bridges in some areas.
It is 4.1 miles (6.6 km) to the summit via this route. Many hikers make a loop of the trip if time permits, ascending via the Curtis-Ormsbee Trail and returning down the Burroughs Range Trail, a total trip of 6.85 miles (11 km).
The beginning of the Curtis-Ormsbee Trail can also be reached by using the Long Path approach and coming from the southern end of the Phoencia-East Branch Trail, 2.95 miles (4.7 km) away in the town of Denning. Vertical rise to the summit via this route is almost 2,000 feet (609 m), and the total distance to the summit is 6.25 miles (10.1 km).
Burroughs Range Trail from the east.
The most challenging route to the summit of Slide begins at the Burroughs Range Trail’s eastern terminus, Woodland Valley State Campground south of Phoenicia. It takes in the whole range, going over Wittenberg and Cornell mountains for a 7-mile (11.2-km), 2,700-foot (823 m) ascent. Wittenberg and Cornell are both challenging climbs in and of themselves, and the climax is the steep 900-foot (274 m) east slope of Slide.
It is not surprising that this is often done as an overnight backpacking trip, since the long col between Slide and Cornell features a spruce grove that is an excellent place to camp, and the state has accordingly designated several sites in that area. Some hikers, though, have been able to get to the summit of Slide and back to Woodland Valley in a single lengthy day, often by descending to the western trailhead and following the Phoenicia-East Branch trail back down, a grand loop of 13.95 miles (22.5 km).
Bushwhacks.
Two approaches that are at least partially trailless have been used by those seeking greater challenges.
The north ridge.
The ridge leading down from the summit to the col with Giant Ledge to the north is an obvious route. DEC had, at one point, planned a trail up it but the idea was dropped when hikers and hunters objected and the route was judged too environmentally fragile to support a trail.
It can be used by starting from the Giant Ledge trailhead at a hairpin turn on County Road 42, about 2,200 feet (670.5 m) in elevation. It is 0.65 mile (1 km) to the junction with the blue-blazed Fox Hollow Trail, which leads north to Giant Ledge and Panther Mountain. By striking out due south from this junction one will soon begin to climb the north ridge, reaching first a 3,620-foot (1,103.3 m) summit (on the private property of the Winnisook Club), then turning to the southeast through thickening boreal forest to the 3,800-foot (1,158 m) summit. From there the narrow, thickly forested ridge is followed steeply up to the summit ridge and the Burroughs Range Trail, about 0.25 mile (400 m) from the summit.
East Branch of the Neversink.
A long route that very ambitious hikers have used, especially on multi-day trips with attempts on the range of trailless peaks to Slide's southeast, follows the east branch of the Neversink up to the ridge connecting Slide and Cornell.
Starting from the Denning trailhead, the P-EB Trail is followed 1.1 mile (1.8 km) to its junction with the blue-blazed Peekamoose-Table Trail, which drops down to the east 0.35 mile (560 m) into the river valley near the flood plain at the Deer Shanty Brook confluence and its many channels, some of them difficult to cross at high water. After one of the last, alert eyes can find the beginning of the "Fisherman's Path," an unofficial trail following the East Branch far upstream into the wildest country in the Catskills.
It takes some skill to follow this trail, as red paint blazes that sometimes appear are often painted out by DEC forest rangers (there are, however, some official campsites along its length) and while it is sometimes wide and obvious it is not always, and switches sides of the river several times.
Further upstream, as it passes the usual points of departure for Lone, Rocky, Balsam Cap and Friday mountains, the path gets increasingly disused and harder to follow. The challenge in hiking Slide this way is not so much the mountain itself as the routefinding when it begins to climb to the col.
Deer Shanty Brook.
The most challenging trailless route is the seldom-attempted approach up this tributary of the East Branch. It begins identically to that route but involves leaving the trail at that crossing and eventually following the brook to the slopes of Slide to the southeast. There is no trail whatsoever through this country and the boreal forest on this part of the mountain itself is reportedly difficult to penetrate, even by the standards of other peaks in the vicinity.
Summit.
The mountain's actual height of land is a small, viewless clearing with the footings of the towers that once stood there.
Just to the west, however, is the much wider clearing of Burroughs Ledge with a sweeping view to the east in which Ashokan Reservoir is prominent, the Kingston-Rhinecliff Bridge can be glimpsed. The neighboring high peaks to the east seem like small hills and the Devil's Path and Blackhead Range in Greene County are visible to the north. In fact, it is possible to see, from various points along the summit ridge, all but one of the other 34 Catskill High Peaks (Thomas Cole may or may not be hidden by Hunter).
At one time the view was even more expansive, but since camping on the summit is now banned except during winter and in emergencies, the balsam fir has grown back in around the edges of the clearing, giving the area a more natural look. Close inspection, in fact, can find remnants of the two lean-tos that once stood here before 1975 when camping was permitted. There is also a spring 0.25 mile (400 m) down the trail to the east.
On June 15, 1985, the summit received its most visitors ever at a single time when at least a hundred hikers, nature lovers and DEC officials gathered there to commemorate the centennial of the Forest Preserve. Similar traffic was recorded in 2004 when the Catskill Park itself reached a similar milestone.
Towers.
The lack of an unobstructed 360-degree view from Slide has led, over the years, to several observation towers being built at the summit.
Dutcher probably built a crude one out of balsam logs, since Burroughs refers to its presence in his writings. It was still there in 1900 when another visitor recorded it.
The state wanted to take advantage of the mountain's height for fire control purposes, and in 1911 built a more permanent fire lookout and observer's cabin on the summit. But it would only be occupied and used for the next year, then abandoned again.
Steel for a more permanent tower was brought up to the summit in the early 1930s, but the tower itself was not built until wartime. It would be dismantled around 1965, and no replacement has been erected.
In the late 1990s, when DEC updated the Slide Mountain Wilderness Area's Unit Management Plan, it considered rebuilding an observation tower at the summit to provide the long-absent views. However, despite the historical precedent, wilderness area values governing DEC policy that were in place at the time led to the idea being rejected during the planning process.

</doc>
<doc id="2862062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862062" title="Jan Arnoldus Schouten">
Jan Arnoldus Schouten

Jan Arnoldus Schouten (28 August 1883 – 20 January 1971) was a Dutch mathematician and Professor at the Delft University of Technology. He was an important contributor to the development of tensor calculus and Ricci calculus, and was one of the founders of the Mathematisch Centrum in Amsterdam.
Biography.
Schouten was born in Nieuwer-Amstel to a family of eminent shipping magnates. He started to study electrical engineering in 1901 at the Delft University of Technology, where he graduated in 1908. During his study he had become fascinated by the power and subtleties of vector analysis. After a short while in industry, he returned to Delft to study Mathematics, where he received his Ph.D. degree in 1914 under supervision of Jacob Cardinaal with a thesis entitled "Grundlagen der Vektor- und Affinoranalysis".
Schouten was an effective university administrator and leader of mathematical societies. During his tenure as professor and as institute head he was involved in various controversies with the topologist and intuitionist mathematician L. E. J. Brouwer. He was a shrewd investor as well as mathematician and successfully managed the budget of the institute and Dutch mathematical society. He hosted the International Congress of Mathematicians in Amsterdam in early 1954, and gave the opening address. Schouten was one of the founders of the Mathematisch Centrum in Amsterdam.
Among his doctoral students were Johanna Manders (1919), Dirk Struik (1922), Johannes Haantjes (1933), Wouter van der Kulk (1945), and Albert Nijenhuis (1952).
Schouten died in 1971 in Epe. His son Jan Frederik Schouten (1910-1980) was Professor at the Eindhoven University of Technology from 1958 to 1978.
Work.
"Grundlagen der Vektor- und Affinoranalysis".
Schoutens dissertation applied his "direct analysis," modelled on the vector analysis of Josiah Willard Gibbs and Oliver Heaviside to higher order tensor-like entities he called "affinors." The symmetrical subset of affinors were tensors in the physicists sense of Woldemar Voigt.
Entities such as axiators, perversors, and deviators appear in this analysis. Just as vector analysis has dot products and cross products, so affinor analysis has different kinds of products for tensors of various levels. However, instead of two kinds of multiplication symbols, Schouten had at least twenty. This made the work a chore to read, although the conclusions were valid.
Schouten later said in conversation with Hermann Weyl that he would "like to throttle the man who wrote this book." (Karin Reich, in her history of tensor analysis, misattributes this quote to Weyl.) Weyl did, however, say that Schouten's early book has "orgies of formalism that threaten the peace of even the technical scientist." ("Space, Time Matter", p. 54). Roland Weitzenböck wrote of "the terrible book he has committed."
Levi-Civita connection.
Schouten independently discovered in 1915 what is now known as the Levi-Civita connection. Schouten's derivation is generalized to many dimensions rather than just two, and Schouten's proofs are intrinsic rather than extrinsic, unlike Tullio Levi-Civita's. Despite this, since Schouten's article appeared almost a year after Levi-Civita's, the latter got the credit. Schouten was unaware of Levi-Civita's work because of poor journal distribution and communication during World War I. Schouten engaged in a losing priority dispute with Levi-Civita. Schouten's colleague L. E. J. Brouwer took sides against Schouten. Once Schouten became aware of Ricci's and Levi-Civita's work, he embraced their simpler and more widely accepted notation. Schouten also developed what is now known as a Kähler manifold two years before Erich Kähler. Again he did not receive full recognition for this discovery.
Works by Schouten.
Schouten's name appears in various mathematical entities and theorems, such as the Schouten tensor, the Schouten bracket and the Weyl–Schouten theorem.
He wrote "Der Ricci-Kalkül" in 1922 surveying the field of tensor analysis.
In 1931 he wrote a treatise on tensors and differential geometry. The second volume, on applications to differential geometry, was authored by his student Dirk Jan Struik.
Schouten collaborated with Élie Cartan on two articles as well as with many other eminent mathematicians such as Kentaro Yano (with whom he co-authored three papers). Through his student and co-author Dirk Struik his work influenced many mathematicians in the United States.
In the 1950s Schouten completely rewrote and updated the German version of "Ricci-Kalkül" and this was translated into English as "Ricci Calculus". This covers everything that Schouten considered of value in tensor analysis. This included work on Lie groups and other topics and that had been much developed since the first edition.
Later Schouten wrote "Tensor Analysis for Physicists" attempting to present the subtleties of various aspects of tensor calculus for mathematically inclined physicists. It included Paul Dirac's matrix calculus. He still used part of his earlier affinor terminology.
Schouten, like Weyl and Cartan, was stimulated by Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity. He co-authored a paper with Alexander Aleksandrovich Friedmann of Petersburg and another with Václav Hlavatý. He interacted with Oswald Veblen of Princeton University, and corresponded with Wolfgang Pauli on spin space. (See H. Goenner, Living Review link below.)
Publications.
Following is a list of works by Schouten.

</doc>
<doc id="2862065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862065" title="John Sheahan">
John Sheahan

John Sheahan (born 19 May 1939) is a notable Irish violinist, tin whistle player, folk musician and composer and the last surviving member of the original and definitive five member line-up of The Dubliners. 
He joined The Dubliners in 1964, until 2012 when The Dubliners' name was retired following the death of founding member Barney McKenna.
Early years and musical apprenticeship.
John Sheahan was born in Dublin on 19 May 1939. His father, a native of Glin, County Limerick, was a member of the Garda Síochána (the Irish Police Force) stationed in Dublin. He is the grandson of Patrick Sheahan, a Dublin Metropolitan Policeman, who in 1905 died trying to save the life of a pipe workman who was overcome by toxic exhalations in a sewer on Hawkins Street, Dublin, where a memorial statue stands today.
He went to school to the local Christian Brothers in Marino, Dublin, where he received his first musical education, learning the tin whistle. This experience was shared with Paddy Moloney, who later founded The Chieftains, and Leon and Liam Rowsome, sons of the piper Leo Rowsome. When he was about twelve years old he began to take an active interest in music and soon he was to transfer the musical knowledge gained on the whistle to a fiddle he found lying around at home. Enthusiastically supported and encouraged by his parents, he attended the Municipal School of Music in Dublin where he studied classic violin for more than five years.
During this time he continued to maintain his interest in Irish traditional music, which sometimes led him to improvise on the classics by putting in a few embellishments. His tutor would not approve his "composing", however, Sheahan continued to apply the classical technique to his traditional playing which would ultimately lead to the development of his unique style, gaining him a number of awards at various feiseanna (festivals of Irish traditional music, dancing, poetry and literature). His interest in American bluegrass fiddle music must also have influenced his style, as can be heard in tunes like "Flop Eared Mule" (also called "Donkey Reel"), recorded with The Dubliners in 1968, 1969 and 1983.
Career with The Dubliners.
John Sheahan played with a number of bands around the country until he met The Dubliners in the early 1960s. At that time, the group was formed by Ronnie Drew, Barney McKenna, Ciarán Bourke and Luke Kelly. He joined the band in 1964, together with Bobby Lynch. Both musicians had been playing during the interval at concerts and usually stayed on stage for the second half of the show. When Luke Kelly moved to England in 1964, Lynch was taken on as his temporary replacement; when Kelly returned in 1965, Lynch left the band and Sheahan stayed. He is the only member of the Dubliners to have had a formal musical education.
After 50 years of playing and after the death of founding member Barney McKenna, in the fall of 2012 Sheahan announced the retirement of The Dubliners by the end of the 50th anniversary tour. The last formation of the band featured Sheahan himself, Sean Cannon, Eamonn Campbell, Patsy Watchorn and Gerry O'Connor. He was a steady member of the band for 48 years and the high standards of his playing strongly contributed to forge the Dubliners' sound. 
After The Dubliners.
In 2013 John went on tour with Jane and Shane in Denmark playing classical music and some famous Irish reels such as The Irish Washerwoman. John also joined in some informal sessions in pubs in Dublin
featuring other Irish musicians and Luke Kelly's brother Jim Kelly. In April 2013 he had his own documentary on RTE about his life and career with The Dubliners the programme being titled "John Sheahan - A Dubliner". In May he went into Dundalk Primary School to talk about his career with The Dubliners. In October of 2013 Sheahan was on The Late Late Show on RTE with Paddy Moloney of The Chieftains and performed a reel together on the Tin Whistle. John said he was working on a solo album which would contain a collection of unrecorded compositions he had wrote over the past 50 years and was developing a book containing his poetry. He played at Templebar Tradfest in Dublin City Hall in January 2014. 
In April John was awarded two IFTA awards for the television documentary "John Sheahan - A Dubliner". On the 10th April 2014 John was part of Ceiliúradh at which he and other Irish musicians performed at the Royal Albert Hall for the Irish presidential visit to the UK. He sang a verse of the Auld Triangle and played the fiddle to accompany other musicians. In June 2014 John played performed at a special fund raising concert in Dublin raising money in aid of Cystic Fibrosis.
Other contributions.
Composing his own music has been one of Sheahan's interests for many years. This led in the 1980s to a big chart hit with "The Marino Waltz" charting at No.4 in Ireland. The tune was subsequently covered by a number of other artists and was followed by the release of an album of original instrumental pieces, written and recorded together with classical guitarist Michael Howard. The album, entitled "In Our Own Time", was released in 1987. Another album, entirely of John Sheahan's compositions, was released in 2008 with the title "The Marino Suite" and features the Young European Strings Chamber Orchestra as a supporting ensemble to his fiddle playing.
John Sheahan contributed as a guest to several albums. Artists and groups whom he worked with include:

</doc>
<doc id="2862070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862070" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 1998">
Rugby Borough Council election, 1998

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 7 May 1998. One third of the council seats were up for election. The council stayed under no overall control. The number of councillors for each party after the election were Labour 22, Conservative 12, Liberal Democrat 5, Residents 5 and Independent 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2862072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862072" title="Adarnase">
Adarnase

Adarnase () is Georgian male name derived from the Persian name Âdhur-Narsē.
Adarnase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862075" title="Pat McCormick (television personality)">
Pat McCormick (television personality)

Pat McCormick is a retired local television personality in San Francisco, California's KGO-TV, and Oakland's, KTVU channel 2 in the San Francisco Bay Area, where among many jobs he was the nightly news' weatherman, hosted the midday movie "Dialing for Dollars" program, and co-hosted the local edition of the "Jerry Lewis Labor Day Telethon."
"Charley and Humphrey".
While working at ABC-TV in Los Angeles, McCormick pitched a children's program to a CBS affiliate in Fresno, California, and went on the air there in Spring, 1959 with Charley (inspired by Dennis Weaver's character Chester on Gunsmoke) and his sidekick Humphrey. Charley was a horse who wore a sea captain's hat, and Humphrey Hambone was a bulldog. In time, he'd added additional characters, "Sneezer," "Shagnasty Bear," and "Pussyfoot", the grand piano playing cat wearing sunglasses. The characters followed McCormick when he signed with San Francisco's KGO-TV in 1961, and finally to KTVU where they starred in "The Charley and Humphrey Show" from 1972-1976 and the became a staple in afternoon PSAs. Humphrey eventually wore a trademark Oakland Raiders sweater sent to McCormick by Sonny Barger of the Oakland Hells Angels.
In a 2008 interview, McCormick admitted that the "Charley and Humphrey" skits were his favorite aspect of working on television: "All the other things I did on television were just jobs. It was my work. By contrast Charley and Humphrey were my passion. They were me. I miss working with them more than I can describe."
"Dialing for Dollars".
McCormick also hosted a show in the 1970s called "Dialing for Dollars" where random Bay Area people were called and asked to guess the "Count and the Amount". The "count" was used to determine which person would be called. The host would pick a slip of paper from a drum containing pages from local phone books sliced into convenient sizes. At the beginning of the show, the count was determined by spinning two wheels, one of which resulted in a number and the other in "up" or "down". If the count was, for instance, 3 down, the host would start at the top of the slip of phone book and count three numbers down from the top and call the resulting number. The "amount" was the amount of money to be won. It would start at $100 and increase by a fixed amount with every unsuccessful call. The calls were made during commercial breaks while the afternoon movie was being screened.
Personal life.
After his retirement, McCormick settled in Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="2862078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862078" title="Álvaro Peña">
Álvaro Peña

Álvaro Guillermo Peña (born February 11, 1965 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a former football striker from Bolivia. He played 43 international matches and scored 4 goals for the Bolivia national team He made one appearance in the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
At club level he played for San José, where he was the Bolivian league topscorer in 1992. He played abroad with Deportes Temuco of Chile between 1993 and 1994 and for Cortuluá of Colombia in 1995.
His other clubs in Bolivia include Blooming, Oriente Petrolero, Bolívar, Destroyers, The Strongest and Mariscal Braun.
Managerial career.
After retiring as a player, Peña took up coaching. He has served as the manager for Blooming, Oriente Petrolero and Destroyers. He is currently under contract with Ukrainian team Dinamo Kiev, where he is part of the youth sector's coaching staff.

</doc>
<doc id="2862085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862085" title="Linklog">
Linklog

A linklog is a blog that is a collection of URLs (hyperlinks) that the blog's maintainer considers interesting enough to collect.
Like a weblog, posts are listed in reverse chronological order. Unlike a weblog, though, postings are limited to just one link per posting and a title. Optionally, some further description or comment may be given.
Tumblelogs are similar to linklogs but with more media and post types.
Some Linklog software, like Linkwalla, can also be used for creating a conventional blog.

</doc>
<doc id="2862089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862089" title="1995 in birding and ornithology">
1995 in birding and ornithology

Worldwide.
New species.
"To be completed"
Taxonomic developments.
"To be completed"
North America.
"To be completed"

</doc>
<doc id="2862093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862093" title="Watertown (album)">
Watertown (album)

Watertown is a 1969 studio album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.
In a series of soliloquies, the nameless narrator tells his heartbreaking story of personal loss; His wife has left him and their two boys for the lure of the big city. "Watertown" was produced and co-written by Bob Gaudio, one of four members of the 1960s pop vocal group The Four Seasons. The songs were co-written by Jake Holmes. It is the only album Sinatra ever voiced over pre-recorded orchestral tracks. The album was released to mixed critical reviews and poor sales, Sinatra's only major album release not to crack the Billboard Top 100; the packaging was uncharacteristic of typical Sinatra album designs.
In 2011, the band Cake covered "What's Now Is Now" on their album "Showroom of Compassion".
In 2014, a short film was released entitled "WATERTOWN" by Wildstory Productions, LLC, using the entire album track. It was a not-for-profit production. The film was conceived by Frank Pesce and produced and directed by Woodrow Hancock and James Zimbardi. Although set in modern day, it was shot in black and white with a classical influence. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Bob Gaudio and Jake Holmes
Personnel.
Wayne Andre, Warren Covington, Urbie Green, Jimmy Knepper (tbn); Tony Studd (b-tbn); Ray Alonge, James Buffington, Brooks Tillotson (fr-h); Phil Bodner, Wally Kane, Romeo Penque, Romeo Penque, William Slapin (wwd); Mannie Green, Max Cahn, Julius Held, Joe Malin, George Ockner, Rocco Pesile, Raoul Poliakin, Rocco Pesile, Aaron Rosand, Max Pollikoff, Tosha Samaroff, Aaron Rosand, Julius Schachter, Hemi Aubert, Mannie Green (vln); Alfred Brown, Harold Coletta, Richard Dickler, Cal Fleisig (via); George Ricci, Harvey Shapiro (vie); Margaret Ross (harp); Dick Hyman, Moe Wechsler (p); Jay Berliner, Ralph Casale, Willard Suyker (g); Stuart Scharf (classic g); Richard Davis, Russell George (b); Alvin Rogers (d); David Carey (perc)

</doc>
<doc id="2862102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862102" title="Push It">
Push It

Push It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862103" title="NCW">
NCW

NCW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862104" title="Penny Tassoni">
Penny Tassoni

Penny Tassoni is the author of many books about child development, particularly for students studying child development and lecturers teaching child development.
Penny trained and worked as a primary school teacher before becoming a college lecturer. She trains and consults with many early years partnerships and Learning Educational Authorities (LEAs).

</doc>
<doc id="2862105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862105" title="Majka Jeżowska">
Majka Jeżowska

Majka Jeżowska, (born Maria Jeżowska on May 25, 1960 in Nowy Sącz, Poland), Polish singer mainly performing music for children. She is also a part-time actress.
She was awarded the Order of the Smile and she has been a Polish Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF.
Discography.
"(in alphabetical order)"

</doc>
<doc id="2862106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862106" title="Peire Cardenal">
Peire Cardenal

Peire Cardenal (or Cardinal) (c. 1180 – c. 1278) was a troubadour (fl. 1204–1272) known for his satirical "sirventes" and his dislike of the clergy. Ninety-six pieces of his remain, a number rarely matched by other poets of the age.
Peire Cardenal was born in Le Puy-en-Velay, apparently of a noble family; the family name Cardenal appears in many documents of the region in the 13th and 14th centuries. He was educated as a canon, which education directed him to vernacular lyric poetry and he abandoned his career in the church for "the vanity of this world", according to his "vida". Peire began his career at the court of Raymond VI of Toulouse—from whom he sought patronage—and a document of 1204 refers to a "Petrus Cardinalis" as a scribe of Raymond's chancery. At Raymond's court, however, he appears to have been known as Peire del Puoi or Puei (). Around 1238 he wrote a "partimen" beginning "Peire del Puei, li trobador" with Aimeric de Pegulhan.
Peire subsequently travelled widely, visiting the courts of Auvergne, Les Baux, Foix, Rodez, and Vienne. He may have even ventured into Spain and met Alfonso X of Castile, and James I of Aragon, although he never mentions the latter by name in his poems. During his travels he was accompanied by a suite of jongleurs, some of whom receive mention by name in his poetry.
Among the other troubadours Peire encountered in his travels were Aimeric de Belenoi and Raimon de Miraval. He may have met Daude de Pradas and Guiraut Riquier at Rodez. Peire was influenced by Cadenet, whom he honoured in one of his pieces. He was possibly influenced by Bernart de Venzac.
In his early days he was a vehement opponent of the French, the clergy and the Albigensian Crusade. In "Li clerc si fan pastor" he condemned the "possession" of the laity by the clergy, for so long as the clergy order it, the laity will "draw their swords towards heaven and get into the saddle." This poem was written probably around 1245, after the First Council of Lyon, where the clergy took action against the Emperor Frederick II, but not against the Saracens. In "Atressi cum per fargar" Peire suggests that the clergy "protect their own swinish flesh from every blade", but they do not care how many knights die in battle. Peire was not an opponent of Christianity or even the Crusades. In "Totz lo mons es vestitiz et abrazatz" he urged Philip III of France, who had recently succeeded his father, Louis IX, who died in 1270 on the failed Eighth Crusade, to go to the aid of Edward Longshanks, then on the Ninth Crusade in Syria.
By the end of his life he appears reconciled to the new "modus vivendi" in southern France. He died at an advanced age (allegedly one hundred years old) possibly either in Montpellier or Nimes, but this is only a supposition, based on where the biographer and compiler Miquel de la Tor was active.
Three of Peire's songs have surviving melodies, but two (for a "canso" and a "sirventes") were composed by others: Guiraut de Bornelh and Raimon Jordan respectively. Like many of his contemporary troubadours, Peire merely composed "contrafacta". The third, for "Un sirventesc novel vuelh comensar", may be Peire's own work. It is similar to the borrowed melody of Guiraut de Bornelh, mostly syllabic with melismas at phrasal ends. The meagre number of surviving tunes (attributable to him) relative to his output of poetry is surprising considering his "vida" states that "he invented poetry about many beautiful subjects "with beautiful tunes"."

</doc>
<doc id="2862120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862120" title="Phaya Tani">
Phaya Tani

Phraya Tani () or Seri Patani (Malay) is a 17th-century siege cannon from Pattani Province in southern Thailand. It is the largest cannon ever cast in what is now Thailand, measuring 9 feet long and made of brass. It is on display in front of the Ministry of Defence, opposite the Grand Palace in Bangkok. The cannon still serves as the symbol of Pattani Province.
The Phaya Tani was cast in the early 17th century by a craftsman of Chinese origin named Tok Kayan. The then ruler of Sultanate of Pattani, Raja Biru, ordered the construction of powerful artillery in response to rumors of a forthcoming attack from Siam. Three cannon were cast, two siege guns known as the Seri Patani and Seri Negara, and a smaller cannon named the Mahalela.
After the fall of Ayutthaya to the Burmese in 1767, the Sultanate of Pattani renounced its tributary status to Siam and declared its complete independence. Eighteen years later, however, a Thai army led by King Rama I's brother, the vice-king Boworn Maha Surasinghanat, invaded and conquered Patani, and the Thais have ruled it ever since.
The Seri Patani and Seri Negara were ordered to be sent to Bangkok as spoils of war. The Seri Negara came loose as it was being loaded aboard a ship and plunged into the sea, where it rests to this day.
King Rama I ordered a similar-sized cannon named the Narai Sanghan () to be cast to serve as a companion to the Seri Patani, now renamed the Phraya Tani.

</doc>
<doc id="2862127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862127" title="Miguel Rimba">
Miguel Rimba

Miguel Ángel Rimba Alvis (born November 1, 1967 in Riberalta) is a former Bolivian football defender. He played 80 international matches for the Bolivia national team.
Career.
Rimba made three appearances in the 1994 FIFA World Cup and was part of the squad that reached the final of the Copa América in 1997. He made his debut on May 25, 89 in a friendly match against Paraguay in Cochabamba.
He played the majority of his club career for Bolívar where he won six Bolivian league titles (1988, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1996, 1997).
Towards the end of his career he played in Argentina with Atlético Tucumán, he then had short spells with Oriente Petrolero, Real Santa Cruz and Aurora before his retirement in 2003.
Over the course of his career he had 63 Copa Libertadores appearances and scored a goal.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2862135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862135" title="Göran Gillinger">
Göran Gillinger

Anders Göran Gillinger, (born 13 February 1973) is a Swedish actor and former model. He has a broad background in classical theatre, television and film.
Career.
Gillinger was born in Vaxholm, Stockholms län in 1973. In 1993, at the age of 19, he was cast as Robert "Raspen" Thorstensson in the Swedish TV soap opera "Rederiet". He left the role during the fourth season in 1994.
His first film role was a young beach boy in the Swedish comedy film "Sunes sommar" ("Sune's Summer") in 1994.
In 1995, he played the male lead, Adam, in the Swedish movie "". In 1996, he played Tobias in the Swedish sitcom "En fyra för tre", with Björn Gustafson and Birgitta Andersson.
In 1999 he was accepted to The Royal Academy of Acting in Stockholm and graduated in June 2003 with a bachelor degree. In 2001, he spent a semester at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in Los Angeles. In 2005 he played one of the leads in the Swedish National Television series "Kommissionen" ("The Commission"). In 2006 he played Horace in Molière’s play "The School for Wives" at the National Theatre of Stockholm. He also does voice-over work for Disney and DreamWorks among others, and is an approved Disney Director for dubbing.
In 2007 he performed at the Capital Fringe Festival in Washington, DC, in a one-man play "A Swedish Tiger" at the Woolly Mammoth Theatre. In 2008 he appeared in Alexander Burns' production of "Hamlet" at Carter Barron in Washington DC. In 2009 he played the neighbour in Ray Cooney's farce "Run for your Wife" at Mariebergskogen in Karlstad. In 2010 Gillinger was cast opposite Tate Donovan in the movie "Below the Beltway" directed by Dave Fraunces. He also returned to Sweden to appear as Erik, the male lead in the short "Att bli med barn", which premiered at the Gothenburg Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2862137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862137" title="Jai Chiranjeeva">
Jai Chiranjeeva

Jai Chiranjeeva () is a 2005 Tollywood film directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and produced by Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie stars Chiranjeevi, Bhoomika Chawla and Arbaaz Khan. It was dubbed into Hindi and Tamil as "Bhajrang" and "Deva" respectively. This film has remade in Bengali as Ziddi Mama.The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics. The movie pulled an average boxoffice.
Plot.
Sathyanarayan Murthy (Chiranjeevi) is a rough but kind man who lives in Amalapuram with his niece, mother, sister and her husband. Sathya and his niece Lavanya share a special bond and are the best of friends. One day, Lavanya dies while playing on the swing.
Sathya later finds out that she has been murdered by gun dealer Pasupathi (Arbaaz Khan). He meets and falls in love with Shilaza (Sameera Reddy). Sathyanarayan challenges Raj Malhotra and wants to go the US but cannot get a permanent visa because he was not educated. He meets and marries Neelu (Bhoomika), then goes to the US and kills Pasupathi.
Music.
The film has six songs composed by Mani Sharma. The soundtrack was released on 14 November 2005.
DVD.
The DVD of "Jai Chiranjeeva" was released by KAD Entertainment on 07-02-2006

</doc>
<doc id="2862139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862139" title="William B. McKinley">
William B. McKinley

William Brown McKinley (September 5, 1856December 7, 1926) was a United States Representative from the State of Illinois. He was born near Petersburg, Illinois.
After graduating from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, McKinley became a drug clerk in Springfield. He returned to Champaign to become a banker. In 1902, he was elected a trustee of the university. McKinley ran for U.S. House of Representatives in 1905, winning his first of four consecutive terms. In 1913, he ran for the U.S. Senate against Lawrence Yates Sherman and lost. 
He ran for Congress again in 1914 and won, serving from 1915 until 1921. In 1920, McKinley ran against Sherman for the Senate, this time winning. In 1926, he ran for re-election and lost to Frank L. Smith (who ultimately was denied the seat by the Senate on the grounds of fraud and corruption in his campaign), but died on December 7, 1926, aged 70, shortly before his term would have ended.
McKinley was also chief executive of the Illinois Traction System. The McKinley Bridge between Venice, Illinois and St Louis, Missouri was named for him. The McKinley Health Center at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign is also named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2862143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862143" title="Billericay railway station">
Billericay railway station

Billericay railway station is a railway station in the town of Billericay in the Basildon district of the county of Essex in the East of England. The station is in proximity to the town centre and industrial estate of the town, sunk into a cutting in which the line is situated.
It is currently served by Greater Anglia train services between Liverpool Street station in London and Southend-on-Sea. The station is 24 miles (38.6 km) down line from Liverpool Street.
As part of the National Station Improvements scheme, the station underwent improvement works costing around £1.7 million, which were due to be completed in January 2012.
Services.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Greater Anglia. The typical off-peak service sees trains every 20 minutes between London Liverpool Street and Southend Victoria, and one train per hour between Shenfield and Southminster.

</doc>
<doc id="2862144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862144" title="Juan Peña">
Juan Peña

Juan Peña may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862147" title="Before Jerusalem Fell">
Before Jerusalem Fell

Before Jerusalem Fell is a book written by Kenneth Gentry based on his PhD dissertation from Whitefield Theological Seminary. The book is currently in its third edition and is published by American Vision in Atlanta, Georgia.
The book presents a sustained argument from fields such as biblical hermeneutics, ancient history, textual criticism, archaeology, and Christian theology for why the Book of Revelation must have been written before the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70, during the reign of Roman emperor Nero. Gentry argues that Nero Caesar is the "sixth king" presently ruling () who functions in Revelation as the Beast.
The book is controversial in that it goes against majority evangelical and Dispensational opinion that Revelation was written in the reign of Domitian in AD 95, though the pre-AD 70 date for Revelation was the dominant view of scholars in the 19th century and first two decades of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2862153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862153" title="Children's poetry">
Children's poetry

Children's poetry is poetry written for, or appropriate for children. This may include folk poetry (for example, Mother Goose rhymes); poetry written intentionally for young people (e.g. Shel Silverstein); poetry written originally for adults, but appropriate for young people (Ogden Nash); and poems taken from prose works (Lewis Carroll, Rudyard Kipling).

</doc>
<doc id="2862155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862155" title="Sequestrum">
Sequestrum

A sequestrum (plural: sequestra) is a piece of dead bone that has become separated during the process of necrosis from normal or sound bone.
It is a complication (sequela) of osteomyelitis. The pathological process is as follows:
The sequestra are surrounded by sclerotic bone which is relatively avascular (without a blood supply). Within the bone itself, the haversian canals become blocked with scar tissue, and the bone becomes surrounded by thickened periosteum.
Due to the avascular nature of this bone, antibiotics which travel to sites of infection via the bloodstream poorly penetrate these tissues, hence the difficulty in treating chronic osteomyelitis.
At the same time as this, new bone is forming (known as involucrum). Openings in this involucrum allow debris and exudates (including pus) to pass from the sequestrum via sinus tracts to the skin.
Rarely, a sequestrum may turn out to be an osteoid osteoma, a rare tumor of the bone.

</doc>
<doc id="2862158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862158" title="White Conduit Fields">
White Conduit Fields

White Conduit Fields in Islington was an early venue of major cricket matches and the original home of the White Conduit Club, forerunner of MCC. It was adjacent to White Conduit House, which was immediately south of the modern junction between Dewey Street and Barnsbury Road.
Early matches.
The earliest match known to have been played at White Conduit Fields was the controversial encounter on 1 September 1718 between London Cricket Club and the so-called Rochester Punch Club. This game provoked a legal case when the Rochester players walked off in an attempt to save their stake money, London clearly winning at the time. The case focused on the terms of the wager rather than the rules of the sport and the judge ordered the game to be played out. It was concluded in July 1719 and London won by 21 runs.
White Conduit Club.
White Conduit was used for a few more years until the London cricketers began to use Kennington Common and the Artillery Ground. The venue then fell into disuse for many years until the formation of the White Conduit Club around 1780. After the WCC members, through the offices of Thomas Lord, moved to the new Lord's ground at Marylebone in 1787, White Conduit Fields was abandoned.
Urban development.
The venue has long since disappeared under the spread of urban development but it was long supposed to have been in the vicinity of King's Cross railway station. Some recent (2005) research has attempted to discover its whereabouts and concluded that the site was bounded by the modern streets of Cloudesley Road to the north, Barnsbury Road to the west, Tolpuddle Street to the south and probably as far as Liverpool Road to the east. The Regent's canal was cut through the land in the years after 1810 and passed almost directly under White Conduit House.

</doc>
<doc id="2862159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862159" title="Bahnsen Theological Seminary">
Bahnsen Theological Seminary

Bahnsen Theological Seminary was a Reformed Calvinist theological training institution, based in Placentia, California. It was most notably associated with Greg Bahnsen and Kenneth Gentry.
It offered instruction worldwide by correspondence, as well as courses presented locally.

</doc>
<doc id="2862169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862169" title="Palabas">
Palabas

Palabas is the debut album of Filipino rock band Sponge Cola. It was released on October 18, 2004 under Sony Music Philippines.
This album contains some songs that the band members made even before they were officially formed. The album is made up of a well-balanced mix of rock and mellow. The abundance of Tagalog tracks made the album an instant hit for fans and non-fans as well.
In 2005, Sponge Cola released a repackaged edition of the album with a bonus CD that contains the music video of "Gemini", and some bonus audio tracks, including a remastered version of "Gemini", acoustic versions of "KLSP" and "Jeepney", and an unreleased track titled ""Boundless"".
The singles from the album are "KLSP", "Lunes", "Gemini", "Una", and "Jeepney".
Palabas means a ""show / program"" or ""to come out" in Tagalog.

</doc>
<doc id="2862172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862172" title="Kusa mochi">
Kusa mochi

, also known as "kusamochi" or "yomogi mochi", is a Japanese sweet. It is considered a seasonal dish for spring. It is made from mochi and leaves of Japanese mugwort or (more traditionally) from hahagohusa. It may also be filled with red bean paste.
"Kusa mochi" may also be used to make a kind of "daifuku" called "yomogi daifuku".

</doc>
<doc id="2862173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862173" title="Mutik Tsenpo">
Mutik Tsenpo

Mutik Tsenpo or Murug Tsenpo () is sometimes considered to have been one of the emperors of Tibet. This is, however, very questionable. Moreover, the whole period between the reigns of Trisong Detsen and Sadnalegs is very unclear, with several conflicting reports.
Trisong Detsen is said to have had four sons: Mutri Tsenpo, Muné Tsenpo, Mutik Tsenpo, and Sadnalegs. The eldest son, Mutri Tsenpo, died early.
Muné Tsenpo is said to have taken power when his father, Trisong Detsen retired (probably around 797 CE). After a short reign, Muné Tsenpo, was supposedly poisoned on the orders of his mother, Tsephongsa, who was jealous of his beautiful young wife, Queen Phoyongsa. After his death, Mutik Tsenpo was next in line to the throne.
Several sources, however, claim that Mutik Tsenpo murdered a senior minister and was exiled to Lhodak Kharchu (lHo-brag or Lhodrag), near the Bhutanese border in the south, so the throne was taken by Sadnalegs instead.
Some sources say that Mutik Tsenpo was later killed by members of sNa-nam clan, but this couldn't have happened until after Sadnalegs became king, as Sadnalegs mentions in an inscription at Zhwa'i-lha-khang that he took power from his father, that one of his brothers had died, and that he bound his elder brother, Mur-rug-brtsan, with an oath.
Reincarnation.
Orgyen Lingpa (1323 – 1360) was said to be his seventh incarnarnation.

</doc>
<doc id="2862176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862176" title="Postcrossing">
Postcrossing

Postcrossing is an online project that allows its members to send and receive postcards from all over the world. The project's tag line is "send a postcard and receive a postcard back from a random person somewhere in the world!” Its members, also known as Postcrossers, send postcards to other members and receive postcards back from other random Postcrossers. Where the postcards come from is always a surprise.
Postcrossing is the union of the words "postcard" and "crossing" and its origin "is loosely-based on the Bookcrossing site". However, the "crossing" or exchange of postcards works in a different way. A member sends a postcard to another Postcrosser and receives a postcard back from a random Postcrosser. Exchanges between the same two members only occur once; although direct swaps between members happen, they are not part of the official happenings on the site. The project is completely free and anyone with an address can create an account. However, the postcards themselves and postage fees to mail them are the responsibility of each user.
As of June 8 2014, Postcrossing had over 478,000 members in 214 different countries who had registered and exchanged over 24 million postcards that have traveled over 122 billion kilometers. 
The highest concentration of Postcrossing members reside (in order) in the United States, Russia, China, Taiwan, the Netherlands, Germany, Poland, Finland, Belarus, Ukraine and Brazil. Globally, most Postcrossers reside in North America, Europe, and East Asia. Of particular note, Postcrossing is popular in eastern European and former-Soviet states. As of January 2012, more than a quarter of the combined total of postcards were sent from Finland, Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus and Ukraine.
How it works.
The main idea is that if a member sends a postcard he or she will receive at least one postcard back from a random Postcrosser somewhere in the world.
The first step is to request to send a postcard. The website will display, and send the member an e-mail with, the address of another Postcrosser and a Postcard ID (e.g.: US-787). The Postcard ID uniquely identifies that postcard in the system. The member then mails a postcard to that Postcrosser and writes the Postcard ID on it. The Postcrosser receives the postcard and registers it using the Postcard ID that is on the postcard. At this point, the sender is eligible to receive a postcard from a different Postcrosser.
Initially each member can have up to 5 postcards traveling at any single time. Every time one of the sent postcards is registered, that Postcrosser can request another address. The number of postcards allowed to travel at any single time goes up the more postcards a member sends.
The Postcrossing system allows for the same two members to exchange postcards only once. By default, members will exchange postcards with countries other than their own; however, the users can decide to exchange postcards with other users in his or her own country.
A small percentage of mailed postcards get lost during their travels; others may arrive with the Postcard ID unreadable and are difficult to register. There are also members who become inactive while postcards are on the way to them. The system behind the website accounts for all these factors and compensates active members by attempting to reduce the difference between the number of sent and received postcards of each member.
Users distribution.
"Last updated April 24, 2014."
History.
The idea for the project was created by Paulo Magalhães, who started the site on July 14, 2005. The motivation was based on the fact that he liked to receive mail, especially postcards. “The element of surprise of receiving postcards from different places in the world (many of which you’d probably never have heard of) can turn your mailbox into a box of surprises – and who wouldn’t like that?”
The project started initially as a hobby for Magalhães, but its unexpected success revealed that the idea was more popular than he ever predicted. He initially hosted the project on an old computer housed in a clothes closet at his home; this setup quickly was shown to be insufficient. Based on word of mouth, the project quickly expanded over the Portuguese borders where the project was developed.
Over time the project received attention from the media which contributed to its growth and popularity. Postcrossing reached its first million exchanged postcards on April 11, 2008 and has since grown even more rapidly. It reached the second million on February 26, 2009, with a postcard that traveled from Germany to Norway. The third million was reached on September 24, 2009 with a postcard traveling from Finland to Slovenia. The fourth million was reached on March 28, 2010 with a postcard traveling from the Czech Republic to the Netherlands. 
Postcrossing.com celebrated its five-year anniversary on July 14, 2010 with a photography contest for its members. Shortly after celebrating their fifth birthday, Postcrossing.com reached 5,000,000 postcards received on August 24, 2010 with a postcard traveling from Isle of Man (registered under an Italian member) to Thailand. The 7,000,000th postcard was sent on April 4, 2011 from China and received on April 19, 2011 in the Netherlands. The 10,000,000th postcard travelled from Japan to Germany and was registered on January 27, 2012; the 15,000,000th postcard travelled from Germany to Italy and was registered on December 31, 2012. At the moment, 1,000,000 postcards are registered in about 2 months.

</doc>
<doc id="2862177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862177" title="Juan Manuel Peña">
Juan Manuel Peña

Juan Manuel Peña Montaño (born 17 January 1973) is a Bolivian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
The vast majority of his professional career was spent in Spain, where he played a total of 14 years for three teams (namely Valladolid), appearing in a total of 305 La Liga games.
Peña played more than 80 times with Bolivia, representing the nation at the 1994 World Cup and five Copa América tournaments.
Club career.
Born in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Peña played for Club Blooming in his home country and Independiente Santa Fe in Colombia, before moving to Spain in 1995. At Real Valladolid he was a defensive stalwart for nine seasons – sharing teams with compatriot Marco Sandy in his first – leaving for Villarreal CF upon his first team's 2004 relegation from La Liga.
At Villarreal Peña figured less prominently, but managed to score a rare goal, in a 3–0 home win against Málaga CF on 19 December 2004. After just six league appearances during 2006–07 he switched to Celta de Vigo, in the second division.
Following two seasons of intermittent use, Peña retired in mid-November 2009 aged 36, not wishing to pursue his career anymore after careful deliberation. However, on 25 March of the following year, he signed with D.C. United of the Major League Soccer.
International career.
After his debut for Bolivia in 1991 (aged 18), Peña went on to became one of its most capped players and team captain. With 85 international matches, he played a FIFA World Cup game, against Spain in 1994 (1–3 group stage loss), and also appeared in five Copa América editions.
Peña scored only once for the national team, in a friendly match with Honduras played in Washington on 11 October 2003. In his penultimate appearance, on 1 April 2009, he helped to the 6–1 demolition of Argentina in La Paz for the 2010 World Cup qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="2862179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862179" title="Squeezed">
Squeezed

Squeezed may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862180" title="John Crowder">
John Crowder

Sir John Frederick Ellenborough Crowder (10 November 1890 — 9 July 1961) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Finchley from the 1935 general election until the 1959 general election, when he was succeeded by Margaret Thatcher (who went on to become the first female British Prime Minister).
Crowder was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford. He worked as an underwriter and elected a member at Lloyd's of London. He served with the Lincolnshire Yeomanry from 1914 to 1918, when he transferred to the Reserve Regiment of the Royal Horse Guards. He served again during World War II, as a Staff Captain and army welfare officer.
Crowder served as a Hampshire County Councillor 1931-46 and a Fleet Urban District Councillor 1933-46. He was vice-chairman of the Aldershot and North Hants Conservative Association from 1930.
He won Finchley in 1935 by a majority of 18,040 over Thomas Robertson, who had been Liberal MP for the seat 1923-24. In Parliament, Crowder was an influential member of the 1922 Committee and Second Church Estates Commissioner.
His son Petre Crowder also became a Member of Parliament.
He appears as a character in "The Long Walk to Finchley", on Thatcher's selection to succeed him as Conservative candidate for his seat - he is played, in a less than flattering light, by Geoffrey Palmer.

</doc>
<doc id="2862181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862181" title="Geometry &amp; Topology">
Geometry &amp; Topology

Geometry & Topology is a peer-refereed, international mathematics research journal devoted to geometry and topology, and their applications. It is currently based at the University of Warwick, United Kingdom, and published by Mathematical Sciences Publishers, a nonprofit academic publishing organisation.
It was founded in 1997 by a group of topologists who were dissatisfied with recent substantial rises in subscription prices of journals published by major publishing corporations. The aim was to set up a high-quality journal, capable of competing with existing journals, but with substantially lower subscription fees. The journal was open-access for its first ten years of existence and was available free to individual users, although institutions were required to pay modest subscription fees for both online access and for printed volumes. At present, an online subscription is required to view full-text PDF copies of articles in the most recent three volumes; articles older than that are open-access, at which point copies of the published articles are uploaded to the arXiv. A traditional printed version is also published, at present on an annual basis.
The journal has grown to be well respected in its field, and has in recent years published a number of important papers, in particular proofs of the Property P conjecture and the Birman conjecture.

</doc>
<doc id="2862182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862182" title="Jacob Taubes">
Jacob Taubes

Jacob Taubes (25 February 1923 – 21 March 1987) was a sociologist of religion, philosopher, and scholar of Judaism.
Taubes was born into an old rabbinical family. He was married to the writer Susan Taubes. He obtained his doctorate in 1947 for a thesis on "Occidental Eschatology" and initially taught religious studies and Jewish studies in the United States at Harvard, Columbia and Princeton University. 
From 1965 he was professor of Jewish studies and hermeneutics at the Free University of Berlin. He has influenced many contemporary thinkers such as Giorgio Agamben, Susan Sontag, Avital Ronell, Marshall Berman, Babette Babich, and Peter Sloterdijk.
Taubes' books include "Occidental Eschatology" UP, 2009 and "The Political Theology of Paul" UP, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2862185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862185" title="Jonathan Mance, Baron Mance">
Jonathan Mance, Baron Mance

Jonathan Hugh Mance, Baron Mance, PC (born 6 June 1943) is a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.
Early life.
Mance was born on 6 June 1943, one of four children of Sir Henry Mance, one-time chairman of Lloyd's of London. Like his father, he attended Charterhouse, a boarding school in Godalming, Surrey. He then studied at University College, Oxford, and was called to the Bar by the Middle Temple in 1965, becoming a QC in 1982 and a Bencher in 1989.
Judicial career.
In 1990, he became a Recorder, and on 25 October 1993 was appointed a High Court judge, serving in the Queen's Bench Division, and received the customary knighthood. On 27 April 1999, he was appointed a Lord Justice of Appeal, and appointed to the Privy Council. On 3 October 2005, he was appointed a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary and consequently created a life peer as Baron Mance, of Frognal in the London Borough of Camden. He was introduced in the House of Lords on 12 October 2005. On 1 October 2009, he and nine other Lords of Appeal became Justices of the Supreme Court upon that body's inauguration. In a speech to the Hoge Raad in The Netherlands in 2013, Lord Mance described the creation of the Supreme Court as the consequence of a "back of an envelope plan".
He has also served as Chairman of the Banking Appeals Tribunal (1992–93), Chairman of the Consultative Council of European Judges (2000), President of the British Insurance Law Association (2000–02), and Trustee of the European Law Academy (2003).
Other appointments.
In October 2012, the Chancellor of the University of Oxford, the Lord Patten of Barnes, appointed Lord Mance as High Steward of the University of Oxford, on the retirement of Lord Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood. He is also an Honorary Fellow of his "alma mater", University College.
Personal life.
He is married to Dame Mary Arden, currently a Lord Justice of Appeal; the two are the first married couple ever to serve concurrently in the Court of Appeal. They have two daughters and a son together. His recreations include tennis, languages, and music.

</doc>
<doc id="2862191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862191" title="WKQX (FM)">
WKQX (FM)

WKQX (101.1 FM) – branded 101 WKQX – is a radio station serving the Chicago metropolitan area. The station is owned by Merlin Media, LLC and operated by Cumulus Media under a local marketing agreement announced in January 2014.
A former NBC Radio owned-and-operated station, WKQX is best known for carrying a long-running alternative rock format from 1992 until 2011 as "Q101." Today, WKQX airs an alternative rock music format that originated on the former WKQX-LP (87.7 FM, or LPTV channel 6) from 2012 until 2014.
WKQX's studios are co-located with sister station WLUP in the Merchandise Mart, and its transmitter is located atop the John Hancock Center.
Station History.
The NBC years.
101.1 FM was originally WMAQ-FM, co-owned by NBC with WMAQ. WMAQ-FM generally simulcast the AM station, eventually developing its own format. In 1974 WMAQ-FM switched to WJOI with an adult contemporary format. In late 1975, the station again changed call letters and format to WNIS-FM, carrying the NBC radio network's all news radio News and Information Service, which failed to compete against news stalwart WBBM. In 1977, the station repositioned itself as WKQX (the "X" stood for "eXperimental"), which played an album-oriented rock format that was more adventurous than WDAI, but more accessible than WXRT. The program director and midday host was Bob Pittman, who later created MTV and is now CEO of Clear Channel Communications. Bob Heymann served as assistant program director and morning drive host, and Bob King was the Music Director. Mitch Michaels did afternoon drive and Lorna Ozmon did nights.
The station was an immediate success, debuting with a 3.9 AQH M-S 6 AM to 12 M 12 + share in the 1977 January–February Arbitron ratings. In the spring of 1977, Chicago gained another AOR station, WLUP. This meant that there were four FM rock stations (WKQX, WXRT, WDAI, and WLUP) competing against each other. After almost two years of battling for ratings, both WDAI and WKQX coincidentally quit playing rock independently of one another at the end of 1978. WDAI became all disco and WKQX became an adult contemporary station.
Emmis Communications purchases WKQX.
By the mid-1980s, the station had evolved into a Hot AC format, dropping the 1960s music by 1988, and was known on-air as "Q101".
Starting in 1987, NBC began a two-year long divesture of their radio properties (a consequence of General Electric acquiring NBC's parent company, RCA). While WMAQ was spun off to Westinghouse Broadcasting, Emmis Communications – which also purchased the AM and FM licenses to NBC's New York stations, as well as KYUU in San Francisco and WJIB in Boston – bought WKQX in 1988. Robert Murphy was the successful morning drive host on Q101, competing with the likes of WLUP's Jonathon Brandmeier. The station's slogan in the mid-late 1980s was "Today's Music". By 1989, WKQX evolved into an adult Top 40 station, and by 1991, it had transitioned to a Modern AC format, preceding WTMX.
Change to Alternative Music.
Q101 continued to evolve, and by 1992, WKQX was a pure alternative rock station. Program Director Bill Gamble used KROQ in Los Angeles as a model for the format change. Much of the input for the music playlists came from the staff of the music research department at Q101. It was the music research department, led by Mary Shuminus, that gave Gamble the "word on the street" of what was hot in the Alternative Rock world. It was this staff between 1990–1994 that helped mold the radio station. However, Q101 did have trouble finding talent that could be hip and know the alternative market. They failed to mold Robert Murphy, and his contract was not renewed. Then they hired former MTV VJ Mark Goodman, but that did not bring Emmis the ratings they wanted in morning drive. In the mid 1990s, Q101's morning show saw many hosts come and go, but not until 1998 did they sign Mancow Muller's morning show away from the now-defunct WRCX, and Mancow began to syndicate the show. The station helped launch the career of Chicago acts Disturbed and Fall Out Boy, particularly through their prominent local music show, Local 101.
During the alternative era, Q101 was home to many popular specialty shows that helped to foster the thriving independent music scene in Chicago. Some of these shows included Zoltar's Industrial Zone, Local 101 (hosted by Chris Payne), and Q101's Sonic Boom (hosted and produced by Joey Swanson).
Q101 has also been known to occasionally play songs from the hip-hop genre featuring Chicago-native artists such as Kanye West and Lupe Fiasco. They also played the Beastie Boys, Cypress Hill, Eminem and Fort Minor.
"On Shuffle".
On April 1, 2005, WKQX went completely "on shuffle". While not a format change "per se", it was the largest shift in the station's format since they became an alternative station. Instead of focusing on new music solely, they expanded their playlist to include classic alternative rock from the 1980s and 1990s, and even 1970s artists like the Sex Pistols, Bob Marley, and The Clash. The new slogan for the station became "Everything Alternative". In on-air liners, they even apologized for the hard rock excesses of the past when they competed with WZZN (which is now an oldies station). The "Q101 On Shuffle" approach extended throughout the summer.
The "Summer of Shuffle" returned for Summer 2006. Mancow was dropped by the station on July 14, 2006. Q101 felt they had lost control of their morning slot and desired a more Chicago-oriented show that blended better with their format, in contrast to the syndicated feel of "Mancow's Morning Madhouse."
On September 18, 2006, Q101 would launch "The Morning Fix", a tightly-formatted ensemble morning show that included fixed elements such as news, sports, weather, traffic, interviews, parodies and other bits presented in a manner similar to that of a news radio "clock" approach combined with the approach of popular comedy shows such as "The Daily Show", "The Colbert Report", and "Saturday Night Live's Weekend Update". The ensemble cast, led by former WXDX/Pittsburgh personality Alan Cox, was a mix of experienced radio personalities, comedy actors and writers. However, on November 9, 2007, "The Morning Fix" underwent major changes when it was decided that morning airtime would be more wisely used playing music; the changes resulted in only 2 of the shows' original 6 members remaining, Alan Cox and Jim "Jesus" Lynam.
In the Fall rating period, released in early 2007, the Arbitron Media Research Group reported that WKQX-FM/Q101 slipped from a 1.8 share to a 1.2 (M-S, 6A-12M, AQH metro 12+). Consequently, the show dropped Alan Cox and Jim Lynam on August 1, 2008, and moved Sherman and Tingle from afternoons to the morning slot,[http://www.suntimes.com/business/1086558,emmis080108.article] with Alex Quigley replacing them as afternoon host.
Image Change.
In November 2007, Q101 changed their slogan from "Q101 Everything Alternative" to "Q101.1 Chicago's Alternative". The logo changed as well with the added ".1" (as part of an industry trend to sound out the entire frequency for the sake of digital tuning radios, which have begun to overtake radios with needle tuners), beginning to lean towards an active rock direction with harder artists such as Pantera, Bullet For My Valentine and Metallica added to the playlist, ever since WZZN flipped to oldies, because their "shuffle" format had poor ratings. Despite their active rock lean during these times, no classic rock (except for alternative-based classic rock) was played. Adult album alternative artists not played on the alternative chart today such as Counting Crows, Gin Blossoms and Alanis Morissette (with only their songs from the 1990s) were dropped, despite competitor WXRT playing those artists.
In 2009, the station was rebranded again as Q101 (dropping the .1). As of 2011, Q101 began adding more newer hard rock that used to belong on sister station WLUP-FM since WLUP reverted to classic rock.
Q101 Live Music Festivals.
During its tenure as an alternative rock station, WKQX served as host to several music festivals and events, including the following:
Twisted.
Twisted was an annual music festival each December, the first being in 1994.
<br>Twisted Christmas – Bad Religion, Killing Joke, Dinosaur Jr., Veruca Salt, Weezer, and Hole.
<br>Twisted 2 – Alanis Morissette, Porno For Pyros, White Zombie, Oasis, Silverchair, Tripping Daisy, Goo Goo Dolls, Soul Asylum
<br>Twisted 3 – Fiona Apple, Bloodhound Gang, Sheryl Crow, Gravity Kills, KoRn, Stabbing Westward, The Violent Femmes, The Wallflowers, Weezer
<br>Twisted 4 – 311, Björk (cancelled), Chumbawamba, The Cure, Duran Duran, Everclear, Sarah McLachlan, Sugar Ray
<br>Twisted 5 – Beck, Cake, Everlast, Garbage, Goo Goo Dolls, Soul Coughing, Third Eye Blind
<br>Twisted 6 – Fiona Apple, Blink-182, Bush, The Chemical Brothers, Filter, Foo Fighters, Moby, Oasis, Run DMC
<br>Twisted 7 – Cypress Hill, Deftones, Disturbed, Everlast, Incubus, Live, The Offspring, Orgy, Papa Roach
<br>Twisted 8 – 311, Alien Ant Farm, Blink-182, Bush, The Crystal Method, Puddle of Mudd, Sum 41, Pete Yorn
<br>Twisted 9 – 3 Doors Down, Box Car Racer, Disturbed, Jimmy Eat World, Local H, Moby (cancelled), Public Enemy, Sugarcult, The Vines
<br>Twisted 10 – 311, AFI, Dashboard Confessional, Jane's Addiction, KoRn
<br>Twisted 11 – Califone, Franz Ferdinand, The Hives, Modest Mouse, My Chemical Romance, Secret Machines, Snow Patrol, Taking Back Sunday, The Used
<br>Twisted 12 – The All-American Rejects, Coheed and Cambria, Death Cab For Cutie, Fall Out Boy, Hot Hot Heat, The Lovehammers, O.A.R., The Psychedelic Furs
<br>Twisted 13 – Disturbed, Flyleaf, Guster, Gym Class Heroes, Jet, My Chemical Romance, Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Rise Against, Stone Sour
<br>Twisted 14 – The Almost, Atreyu, Drowning Pool, (Cancelled, Replaced by Danger is My Middle Name), Coheed and Cambria, The Secret Handshake, Silverchair, Silversun Pickups, The Starting Line, Strata
<br>Twisted 15 – Theory of a Deadman, Hollywood Undead, Saliva, Shinedown, Saving Abel, The Gaslight Anthem, Scott Weiland, Cold War Kids, Eagles of Death Metal
<br>Twisted 2009 – AM Taxi, As Tall As Lions, The Bravery, Breaking Benjamin, Halestorm, Janus, Manchester Orchestra, Rev Theory, Rise Against, Shinedown, Sick Puppies, Street Sweeper Social Club, Thirty Seconds To Mars, The Used
<br>Twisted 2010 – Alter Bridge, Bad City, Cake, Chevelle, Danko Jones, Finger Eleven, Five Finger Death Punch, Greek Fire, Hail the Villain, Hellyeah, Middle Class Rut, My Chemical Romance, Sick Puppies
Jamboree.
Q101 also hosted an annual outdoor music festival during the spring entitled "Jamboree".
<br>1995 – Bush, Collective Soul, Sheryl Crow, Duran Duran, Faith No More, The Flaming Lips, KMFDM, The Lupins, Phunk Junkeez, Sponge, The Stone Roses
<br>1996 – Afghan Whigs, Candlebox, Cracker, Cypress Hill, Everclear, Filter, Foo Fighters, Garbage, Girls Against Boys, KoRn, No Doubt, Seven Mary Three, Stabbing Westward
<br>1997 – Beck, The Cardigans, Echo & the Bunnymen, Erasure, Jamiroquai, Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Moby, Republica, Social Distortion, Veruca Salt, Verve Pipe
<br>1998 – Barenaked Ladies, Ben Folds Five, Creed, Eve 6, Fastball, Foo Fighters, Harvey Danger, Soul Asylum, Spacehog, The Specials, They Might Be Giants, Scott Weiland
<br>1999 – 2 Skinnee J's, Blink-182, Blondie, The Flys, Hole, Kottonmouth Kings, Lit, Local H, The Offspring, Orgy, Puya, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Silverchair
<br>2000 – 311, Bloodhound Gang, Everclear, Eve 6, Goldfinger, Long Beach Dub All Stars, Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Moby, The Suicide Machines, Third Eye Blind, Travis
<br>2001 – Alien Ant Farm, Cold, Crazy Town, Disturbed, From Zero, Fuel, Linkin Park, Lucky Boys Confusion, Monster Magnet, Papa Roach, Run-D.M.C., Saliva, Staind
<br>2002 – Dashboard Confessional, Earshot, Hoobastank, Kid Rock, Local H, Our Lady Peace, Quarashi, The Strokes, Tenacious D, Thursday, Trik Turner, Unwritten Law, X-Ecutioners, Zwan
<br>2010 – AM Taxi, Coheed & Cambria, Crash Kings, Flobots, The Frantic, Hollywood Undead, Janus, Papa Roach, Puddle of Mudd, Saliva, Seether, Story of the Year, Three Days Grace, Ok Go, Villain vs. Villain, David Costa
<br>2011 – Part I – Thirty Seconds to Mars, Seether, Papa Roach, The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus, Bayside (set cancelled due to storm),
Crash Kings (set cancelled due to storm), Pop Evil (set cut short by storm), Adelitas Way, Greek Fire, Anberlin, Awolnation, Sum 41, Ed Kowalczyk of Live, Beyond Words, The Action Blast, Imperial Sons
<br> 2011 – Part II – Part II was reported cancelled by Q101's Twitter page on August 29, 2011. They have also stated that they are "re-loading" and "jamboree will be back"
Block Party.
Beginning in 2003, Q101's summer music festival was rebranded as "Block Party". During 2003–2005, the event was held at the New City YMCA (North & Halsted). In 2006 & 2007, the event moved to Charter One Pavilion at Northerly Island. For 2008, the festival was held at Western and Roscoe (near Lane Tech High School & DeVry University.) Day 1 of 2008 Block Party was cancelled due to excessive flooding of the stage and viewing areas. Some day 1 bands volunteered to play a free set at the nearby Cubby Bear bar on Clark & Addison. Day 2 went on as scheduled, but with the headlining acts playing on what was supposed to be the local band stage. The local bands scheduled for day 2 were cancelled as a result. The 2009 Block Party returned to Charter One Pavilion. In 2010, Q101 returned to the Jamboree name for their summer festival.
<br>2003 – The Flaming Lips, The Violent Femmes
<br>2004 – Death Cab for Cutie, Modest Mouse, The Lovehammers, The Ponys, The Reputation, The Walkmen
<br>2005 – Thirty Seconds to Mars, A Static Lullaby, Assassins, Hot Hot Heat, Interpol, Rise Against, Sum 41, Queens of the Stone Age, Unwritten Law
<br>2006 – Angels and Airwaves, Head Automatica, The Subways, Taking Back Sunday
<br>2007 – The Bravery, Buckcherry, Finger Eleven, Godsmack, Good Charlotte, Shiny Toy Guns, Sum 41, Taproot, The Violent Femmes
<br>2008 – Absentstar (cancelled), American Taxi (cancelled), Apocalyptica, Atreyu, The Attraction (cancelled), Black Tide (cancelled), Bullet For My Valentine, Danger Is My Middle Name (cancelled), DJ Alex Rage (cancelled), DJ Merk 1 (cancelled), The Frantic (cancelled), Holding Mercury (moved to Cubby Bear), Honey (moved to Cubby Bear), The Lifeline (moved to Cubby Bear), Local H, Ludo (moved to Cubby Bear), Mindless Self Indulgence (cancelled), Munroe (moved to Cubby Bear), Pennywise, Rule 22 (cancelled), Sick Puppies (moved to Cubby Bear), Simplistic Urge (cancelled), Theory of a Deadman (cancelled), Tonight the Prom (cancelled)
<br>2009 – 311, Ziggy Marley
Purchase by Merlin Media.
On June 21, 2011, Emmis announced that it would sell WKQX, sister station WLUP-FM, and a station in New York City to Merlin Media, whose CEO is former Tribune Company and Clear Channel Communications executive Randy Michaels. Emmis, who would retain a minority stake in Merlin Media, would grant Merlin a local marketing agreement to operate WKQX and WLUP-FM from July 15 until the sale officially closed on September 1. A format flip for WKQX, from alternative rock to all-news, was rumored after the sale was announced. Michaels was on record as saying that "my favorite format has always been spoken radio" and that it should have a place on FM, "the band most people use."
The entire airstaff at Q101 was dismissed upon Merlin Media's formal takeover that July 14, but managed to post a reassuring message to listeners on the station's Facebook page. That same day, Emmis sold off the "Q101" name, related intellectual properties, and the Q101.com web domain, to Broadcast Barter Radio Networks.
Q101's final on-air staffed show, "Local 101", concluded at approximately 1:01 AM on July 15, 2011; the program ended with The Smashing Pumpkins' "Tonight, Tonight", The Cure's "Friday I'm in Love" (the first song played at Q101's 1992 inception as an alternative station), and formal goodbyes by Chris Payne, Pogo, and other Q101 staffers. Q101 would continue solely as an online stream programmed, in part, by Emmis' KROX-FM, before BBRN eventually relaunched it as an internet-only station.
WKQX itself continued without on-air staffing until midnight on July 19, 2011, after "Closing Time" by Semisonic had played; afterwards, the station switched from alternative rock to a stunt of adult contemporary music under the temporary branding "101.1 FM New." This stunt featured former "Murphy in the Morning" host Robert Murphy, who returned to the 101.1 frequency after 19 years to man the 5–10 AM shift until the full format switch took place. The "New" stunting also included hourly news updates using an assortment of newsreader combinations, a harbinger of the new format to come.
FM News 101.1.
On July 21, 2011, WKQX changed its call letters to WWWN, a call sign moved from a silent signal in Watseka, Illinois licensed to Randy Michaels' Radioactive LLC. Eight days after the call letter change, on July 29, WWWN officially launched an all-news format branded as "FM News 101.1." At the outset, "FM News 101.1" sought to differentiate itself from WBBM by highlighting its round-the-clock newswheel (as opposed to Chicago Bears flagship WBBM), aiming for a looser, less formal news presentation with a conversational tone, and deviating from hard news in favor of lifestyle, health and entertainment features. The initial on-air and newsroom staff at "FM News 101.1" included several with Chicago radio ties, including Debra Dale and Jennifer O'Neill (both WBBM alumna), Brant Miller and Monica DeSantis (WLS alums), and Ed Curran and Rob Hart (WGN alums).
WWWN's call letters changed again in December 2011 to WIQI.
"FM News 101.1" was criticized in its early weeks as the station was plagued by technical glitches, an unpolished presentation, and CBS's preemptive move to simulcast WBBM's format on the FM dial via WCFS. Moreover, Merlin's top management (including Michaels) admitted that the format for both stations were still a "work in progress."
Following the departure of Merlin's chief operating officer Walter Sabo at the start of 2012, "FM News" began a continual series of format adjustments. These included: a deemphasis on ligher features while maintaining a loose, informal approach; the creation of a set schedule for news anchors; addition of sports and business updates; the "informal" testing of a news partnership with WMAQ-TV; and the addition of daily commentary segments from Rob Hart, Clark Howard and Lionel. Later staff changes and reassignments at the station would lead to an increased reliance on "shared anchor arrangements" with its New York counterpart WEMP, as well as a non-linear, voicetracking-style of arranging reports, sometimes without any anchor transitions.
WIQI also began an advertising campaign that included a controversial series of billboards using the face of imprisoned former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich and the "He Never Listens... to FM News 101.1" tagline.
By June 2012, WIQI began phasing in blocks of "Expanded News Coverage" where the station entered a programming approach similar to talk radio. Initally confined to the late morning and late evening hours, personalities such as Mancow Muller, Mike North and Dan Jiggets and former WGN morning host Greg Jarrett all hosted informal auditions under the "Expanded News Coverage" banner. Jarrett himself was promoted to host morning drive on WIQI during the formats' final three weeks of existence.
i101.
In spite of constant format tweaks and alterations, WIQI failed to pull no better than a 0.4 Arbitron ratings share since the all-news format's launch. "FM News" was not only outperformed by the final ratings book for "Q101," but also by the second month rating of WKQX-LP, the aural signal of a low-power analog television station. Merlin began operating WKQX-LP under a local marketing agreement that May with an alternative rock format dubbed "Q87.7" – later simulcast on WIQI's HD-3 subchannel – but had no ties to the original "Q101".
By November 2013, after many continued low-ratings periods, the station shifted its Monday-Thursday evening and weekend programming to rhythmic adult contemporary. The station also added "The History of House Party", hosted by Frankie Hollywood Rodriquez, Fridays from 7 PM-2 AM, and Saturdays from 10 PM-4 AM. The move proved to be a positive one, resulting in WIQI to go full-time with the format on December 9, 2013. The shift was based upon the success of similarly formatted stations in Boston and Seattle, which launched in January and September 2013, respectively.
101 WKQX.
On January 3, 2014, Merlin Media announced a local marketing agreement (LMA) with Cumulus Media that would see Cumulus take over operations of WIQI, WLUP and WKQX-LP. The deal, which includes an option for Cumulus to purchase WIQI and WLUP, resulted in Merlin relinquishing operations of its last remaining radio stations, and also saw an expansion of Cumulus' Chicago cluster, which includes WLS and WLS-FM.
In announcing the LMA, Cumulus indicated that it would move the alternative rock format from WKQX-LP onto the 101.1 facility. The move took place at 9 a.m. on January 10, 2014 (Semisonic's "Closing Time" was the last song played on "i101"), when the stations began a transitional simulcast (Cumulus and Merlin subsequently ended the local marketing agreement for WKQX-LP; when the LMA concluded, Tribune Broadcasting announced a local marketing agreement for the station, which is now WGWG-LP). The restored alt-rock format on 101.1 inherits the hard-edged mystique and core artist list from "Q", including contemporary and heritage alt-rock acts such as The Black Keys, Cage The Elephant, and Foo Fighters (the latter act's "Times Like These" began the 101.1/87.7 simulcast). The WKQX call sign was restored on the 101.1 facility on January 17.
Cumulus executives indicated that they had no intentions of acquiring back the online rendition of "Q101" and related intellectual properties from the stations' 1992-2011 era. Instead, the station was treated as being "under construction" during the simulcast period with 87.7, using only oblique identification (i.e., "a new alternative station coming to 101.1") until being renamed "101 WKQX" at 1:01 p.m. on February 17.
101 WKQX's airstaff includes Brian Phillips, Lou Lombardo, Lauren O'Neill, PJ Kling, and "wALT" (Walter Flakus of Stabbing Westward).

</doc>
<doc id="2862193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862193" title="Arthur Wellesley Bayley">
Arthur Wellesley Bayley

Arthur Bayley (28 March 1865 – 29 October 1896) was a gold prospector who discovered gold at Fly Flat, Western Australia on 17 September 1892, around which the town of Coolgardie grew. 
Early life.
Bayley was born in Newbridge, Victoria, son of John Bayley, a butcher, and his wife Rosanna. 
When only 16 years of age he went to North Queensland and did prospecting and mining work at Charters Towers, Hughenden, Normanton, Croydon and Palmer. He then went to Western Australia and landed at Fremantle with about thirty shillings in his pocket.
Prospecting in Western Australia.
Bayley walked to Southern Cross, and while working there a few months later heard that gold had been discovered about to the east. Bayley kept this in mind and determined some day to prospect this country himself. In January 1889 he went to the Nullagine diggings and Roebourne in the north-west. He had some success, and after returning to Perth worked again at Southern Cross. Hearing that gold had been found on the Ashburton he again returned to Perth, made to the north and found good gold at Ford's Creek. While prospecting the Murchison River he found Bayley's Island in Lake Austin which also yielded good returns. He became associated with William Ford whom he had known in Queensland, who had heard of gold having been found to the east of Southern Cross, and in June 1892 the two men with five horses set out to find it. Soon after reaching the site of Coolgardie they found a nugget, and within a few days had picked up about 80 ounces of gold. More rich alluvial gold was found and the two men were then compelled to return to Southern Cross for supplies. On returning to the field a quartz outcrop with gold in it was found, which became the famous Bayley's Reward mine. The two men returned to Southern Cross with 554 ounces of gold (worth £2200 at the time — a sizable sum), which they showed to the warden J.M. Finnerty, on 17 September 1892. A reward lease of was granted to them, and on 20 September 1892 the Coolgardie field was declared open. There was a tremendous rush to the field from Southern Cross, much gold was found, and in a few years Coolgardie was a thriving town. Bayley's reward claim proved to be a very profitable one indeed, and was continually worked until 1963. During the 70 years of its existence this mining claim recovered over 500,000 ounces of gold.
Late life.
Bayley and Ford sold their claim to a company for £6000 and a sixth interest and Bayley, having returned to Victoria, took up land near Avenel, and lived in prosperous circumstances. Though a strong athletic man he fell into ill health, possibly on account of privations he had suffered while a prospector, and died at Avenel of congestion of the lungs on 29 October 1896. He left a widow but no children.

</doc>
<doc id="2862195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862195" title="AudioTron">
AudioTron

The Turtle Beach AudioTron AT-100 and AT-101 are 1U rack-mountable, hi-fi network music players. An AudioTron can stream digital music files from personal computers or NAS devices without the need to install server software on these storage devices since the AudioTron is based on Windows CE and is therefore a computer that looks like audio hardware. Supported file formats include Wave, WMA, MP3 and MP3 playlists. These files can reside on a Microsoft Windows network share or on a Samba server. AudioTron reads music files over Ethernet or HPNA network, and generates analog audio via RCA connectors as well as digital audio via S/PDIF.
An AudioTron can play streaming media from Internet radio stations. The formats supported are Windows Media, SHOUTcast and Icecast. The Windows Media support is limited to the features available before the release of Windows Media Player 10. Connecting to Internet radio stations was once supported through a free service called TurtleRadio. When TurtleRadio was shut down by Turtle Beach, Turtle Beach disclosed an alternative method available in the device's firmware (using a local file) to load one's Internet radio station list into the AudioTron.
Users operate the AudioTron with a PC/laptop on the same network using the web interface from the built-in webserver, with a remote control, or on the device itself using buttons and a large "Turn & Push Selector Knob" on its front panel. The knob is used to navigate song selection menu on a green two-line LCD display. Users can select songs by turning and pushing the knob, based on various combinations of Genre, Album, Title and Artist tags. The knob also serves as volume control and playhead control while a song is being played. Standard Play, Pause, Stop, Forward and Rewind buttons can be used to control playback. An infrared remote control comes with AudioTron and can be used instead of the front panel.
AudioTron obtains an IP address from DHCP server by default. The AudioTron can be configured via buttons on the front panel or remotely from a web browser. AudioTron runs a web server which can be accessed via any standard browser. The web server also allows users to access the complete collection of songs online. Users can play songs or send them to AudioTron's play queue, without using the front panel or remote control. The AudioTron is also able to determine the type of device the web server was being accessed from, and devices such as PDAs will display a simplified remote control screen more suitable to the smaller size of a PDA screen.
First released in 2001, AudioTron was ahead of its time in providing driverless music streaming, S/PDIF and Internet radio support. The AudioTron operated as a standalone music player by making use of the Microsoft SMB file server protocol; that is, it could load music from any SMB file server (although, the Audiotron uses NTLMv1 for authentication and so the Audiotron does not work well in modern CIFS environments).
Production of this device stopped in 2004.
Turtle Beach continued to support TurtleRadio until March 2007. After that time, the TurtleRadio website was retired and users had to change the configuration of their AudioTron to use a local file to set the list of radio stations that their AudioTron could stream. In March 2010, Turtle Beach implemented a redirect that allows the AudioTron to be used with the Webstation Radio Database. Similar to the TurtleRadio website, users can create accounts and select their own favorites from thousands of radio stations which will then be available on the AudioTron.

</doc>
<doc id="2862201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862201" title="Hartley Booth">
Hartley Booth

Vernon Edward Hartley Booth, QC, known as Hartley Booth (born 17 July 1946) is a former British politician.
Political career.
Booth succeeded Margaret Thatcher as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Finchley from the 1992 general election until the constituency was abolished in the 1997 general election. He resigned from his position as a Parliamentary Private Secretary in February 1994 after revelations that he had had a "friendship" with a former young research assistant, Emily Barr, who went on to be a successful journalist and novelist.
Booth lost a bruising nomination battle with the Hendon South MP John Marshall for the new Finchley and Golders Green constituency, and was unsuccessful in finding another seat before the election. Marshall lost the 1997 general election to Labour's Rudi Vis.
Personal life.
A Methodist preacher, Booth is related to the founders of the Salvation Army.

</doc>
<doc id="2862207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862207" title="Brian Wesenberg">
Brian Wesenberg

Brian Wesenberg (born May 9, 1977 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in one NHL game for the Philadelphia Flyers during the 1998–99 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862210" title="Len Wharton">
Len Wharton

Leonard Thomas Wharton (December 13, 1927 — September 30, 2007) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1944–45 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862211" title="Otis F. Glenn">
Otis F. Glenn

Otis Ferguson Glenn (August 27, 1879March 11, 1959) was a Republican United States Senator from the State of Illinois. 
He was born in Mattoon, Illinois on August 27, 1879. After graduating law school in 1900 from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, he began practicing law in Murphysboro. He served as the State's Attorney for Jackson County from 1906 to 1908 and again from 1916 to 1920 when he was elected to the State Senate, serving there until 1924.
In 1928, when Frank L. Smith abandoned his efforts to take the U.S. Senate seat he had won in 1926, after twice having his credentials refused by the Senate, Glenn defeated future Chicago mayor Anton Cermak in a special election and served out Smith's term. When Glenn ran for a full term in 1932, he was defeated by William H. Dieterich. He ran, unsuccessfully, in 1936 as well. Upon returning to Illinois, he established a law practice in Chicago.
Glenn died on March 11, 1959 at Portage Point in Onekama Township, Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="2862215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862215" title="Rod Willard">
Rod Willard

Rod Stephen Willard (born May 1, 1960) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1982–83 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862219" title="Jordan Willis (ice hockey)">
Jordan Willis (ice hockey)

Jordan Willis (born February 28, 1975) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Dallas Stars during the 1995–96 NHL season. He also played for the Nottingham Panthers between 1999 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2862232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862232" title="Maha">
Maha

Maha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862235" title="Edwin Stead">
Edwin Stead

Edwin Stead ("aka" Edward Stead) (1701, Harrietsham, Kent – 28 August 1735, London) was a noted patron of English cricket, particularly of Kent county cricket teams, in the early 18th century.
Cricket career.
Stead, a landowner, was a compulsive gambler who frequently bet on the outcome of cricket matches. Like other patrons, he sought to improve his chances of winning by underwriting select XIs usually made up of players from several Kent parish teams; his teams were therefore of, or near enough, county strength. Dartford Cricket Club, which featured William Bedle, had arguably the best parish team in the game at the time and it is certain that Stead used several Dartford players in his Kent teams, of which he was also the captain.
Stead's teams are recorded in several significant matches from 1724 to 1730. His first known match was probably at Chingford in 1724 and it became the subject of a court case after the Chingford team refused to play to a finish when Kent had the advantage. The court, presided over by Lord Chief Justice Pratt, ruled that the match must be played out so that all wagers could be fulfilled. The match resumed and was completed at Dartford Brent on 5 September 1726, though it seems that was not the original venue. A week earlier, on 29 August 1726, Kent had played a combined London and Surrey team on Kennington Common for 25 guineas but the result is unknown.
Stead was a strong rival to the two major Sussex patrons, Sir William Gage and the 2nd Duke of Richmond. He was very successful in 1728 when the report of a game in August said of Kent's latest victory: "the third time this summer that the Kentish men have been too expert for those of Sussex". But Stead was less successful on 28 August the following year when Gage's XI defeated Kent by an innings at Penshurst Park. There was a return match in September, probably at Lewes, but the result is unknown.
The last definite mentions of Stead in a cricket context are in 1730 concerning his presence at certain matches, although Kent remained prominent in the records for the last five years of his life.
Personal life and early death.
Edwin Stead was the grandson of Sir Edwyn Stede ("sic"), who had been knighted by Charles II. He inherited the family estate when he was still only eighteen and became a compulsive gambler, being a keen player of dice and cards in addition to cricket, but Marshall's summary is that "he is said to have lost heavily at all".
Stead's death on 28 August 1735 was reported in the "Grub Street Journal" on Thursday 4 September 1735. The report says there were two accounts of his death: one that he died "near Charing Cross"; the other that he died "in Scotland Yard".

</doc>
<doc id="2862238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862238" title="William H. Dieterich">
William H. Dieterich

William Henry Dieterich (31 March 187612 October 1940) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Illinois. He was a state legislator, U.S. Representative, and U.S. Senator
Biography.
He was born near Cooperstown, Illinois. After graduating from Kennedy Business College in 1897 and Northern Indiana Law School in 1901,
Dieterich was admitted to the bar and began to practice in Rushville, Illinois.
During the Spanish-American War, he served as a corporal. 
He was city attorney for Rushville, 1903-1907; treasurer of Rushville Union Schools 1906-1908; and county judge of Schuyler County, 1906-1910.
In 1911 he moved to Chicago, and then in 1912 to Beardstown, Illinois, in adjacent Cass County where he continued his law practice.
In 1916, he was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives, and re-elected in 1918, serving from 1917 to 1921.
In 1930, he was elected U.S. Representative from one of Illinois' two at-large seats, finishing ahead of both Republicans and the other Democrat. He served only one term.
In 1932, he declined re-nomination to the House, and instead ran for U.S. Senator. He defeated incumbent Republican Otis Glenn 52% to 46%.
He served one term, from 1933 to 1939. He did not run for re-election in 1938, instead returning to his law practice. He died in Springfield, Illinois during a business trip.

</doc>
<doc id="2862241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862241" title="Sonia Kruger">
Sonia Kruger

Sonia Melissa Kruger (born 28 August 1965) is an Australian television presenter. She is best known for co-hosting the popular Australian version of "Dancing with the Stars", hosting "10 Years Younger in 10 Days" and for the role of Tina Sparkle in the hit 1992 film "Strictly Ballroom". She is currently hosting the Nine Network's revamp of "Big Brother Australia" and the Nine Network's "Mornings".
Early life.
Born in Toowoomba, Queensland, she attended Beenleigh State High School, completing Year 12 in 1982. Kruger has also completed an Arts Degree at the University of Technology, Sydney and taught dance at the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) in Sydney.
Career.
In 1992 Kruger came to prominence in her acting debut as Tina Sparkle in the Australian AFI Award-Winning film "Strictly Ballroom". She served as a ballroom adviser for the film. This remains as Kruger's only acting role to date. Following Kruger's film debut she hosted the Children's Variety Show "Wonder World" on the Nine Network. Kruger has been an Entertainment Reporter for both Seven Network shows "Today Tonight", "Sunrise" and "11AM". Kruger previously hosted the Morning Program on the Sydney based Radio Station Mix 106.5 with "Dancing with the Stars" Judges Todd McKenney and Andy Grace.
In 2004 Kruger joined the Seven Network reality dance competition television series "Dancing with the Stars", the Australian version of the UK BBC television series "Strictly Come Dancing". Kruger co-hosted the series with both Daryl Somers and Daniel MacPherson over the course of the eleven seasons she appeared on. In November 2011 Kruger announced she was leaving both "Dancing with the Stars" and Seven Network to pursue other opportunities. Spice Girls member and UK songstress Melanie Brown replaced Kruger for the series' twelfth season which premiered in April 2012. In September 2008 Kruger was confirmed to host the Seven Network makeover reality show "10 Years Younger in 10 Days". Despite high ratings for its series premiere, Seven Network did not renew the series for a second season. 
In November 2011 Kruger signed a development deal with the Nine Network. Kruger was confirmed to host her own daytime talk show "Mornings" with musician David Campbell. The series replaces "Kerri-Anne" which was ended that same month. The series premiered on 6 February 2012. Kruger was also announced to host Nine Network's reboot of the competition reality television series "Big Brother Australia". Kruger replaces Kyle Sandilands and Jackie O who hosted the series on Network Ten in its eighth season, which was cancelled in 2008. "Big Brother Australia 9" premiered on 13 August 2012 to 1.6 million viewers, the franchise's highest ratings since the series' third season. Kruger's performance on the show received mixed reviews from critics and viewers.
Personal life.
McKenney, a co-star on "Dancing with the Stars" and good friend, has openly asked Kruger to have a child with him.
Controversy.
In 2008, during an episode of "Dancing with the Stars", Kruger made a comment about a "sweat shop of illegal immigrants" working on her wardrobe for the Melbourne Cup carnival. Channel 7 later issued an apology for her statement.
In 2011, she caused further controversy when she wrote "I think it's nice you get on so well with your dad" on her Twitter account regarding the difference in age between dancer Brynne Edelsten and her husband Geoffrey Edelsten.

</doc>
<doc id="2862242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862242" title="Murray Wing">
Murray Wing

Murray Alan Wing (born October 14, 1950) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1973–74 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862243" title="Neptune Towers">
Neptune Towers

Neptune Towers was a dark ambient side-project formed in 1993 by Fenriz of Darkthrone.
Background.
Neptune Towers' stated goal is "To enable the listeners to keep both feet off the ground." Fenriz credits Klaus Schulze of Tangerine Dream as a big inspiration. In an interview, Fenriz said he was influenced by Kraftwerk which can be heard in the use of elaborate sequencers in "Transmissions from Empire Algol." It is characterized by a very slow-paced minimalistic atmosphere.

</doc>
<doc id="2862245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862245" title="Take a Letter, Mr. Jones">
Take a Letter, Mr. Jones

Take a Letter, Mr. Jones was a short-lived British sitcom from Southern Television starring John Inman and Rula Lenska which aired in 1981.
Plot.
It starred John Inman as Graham Jones, able secretary to executive Joan Warner (Rula Lenska). Episodes primarily focused on the office and home of Mrs. Warner, a divorced woman in her 30's trying to balance her career and family in (still-sexist) 1980s England; Margaret Thatcher may have been in 10 Downing Street, but Mrs. Warner was still suffering in a man's world. Mr. Jones and Mrs. Warner worked for the fictional multinational corporation called 8-Star
While "Take A Letter, Mr. Jones" worked to dispel stereotypes about female executives, it seemed to pander to others: 
Episode list.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Context and afterlife.
John Inman starred in "Take A Letter, Mr. Jones" between seasons of the BBC comedy "Are You Being Served?". "Take A Letter, Mr. Jones" was never a ratings success (only running one season), but in recent years it has been resurrected by many American PBS stations, where "Are You Being Served?" is also a hit.
A US VHS set of the series was released by Questar in 1995
A UK DVD of the series was released on 16 March 2009. A repeat of the series was shown on Film24 in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2862246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862246" title="Daniel Kalinaki">
Daniel Kalinaki

Daniel Kalinaki (born 1980) is a Ugandan journalist working with the "Nation Media Group" as Managing Editor, Regional Content. At the age of 18, he joined the Crusader, a tri-weekly in Uganda; when it closed a year later, he found a home at the Daily Monitor, working as reporter, assistant radio news manager, deputy sports editor, associate editor, foreign news editor, news editor and investigations editor.
Kalinaki holds a BA in Mass Communication from Makerere University, and an MA in International Journalism from City University of London. He is a winner of the prestigious Chevening scholarship, Sports Rookie of the Year, and the inaugural Tebere-Mudin Award for Journalistic excellence. Kalinaki's work has appeared in the East African, the New Internationalist, Africa Confidential, the Weekly Observer, MS Magazine, and on the BBC World Service radio. He also teaches journalism part-time at Makerere University. He is a member of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists.
In 2000, he co-authored with Glen Williams, Joyce Kadowe, and Noerine Kaleeba "Open Secret: People Living with HIV and Aids in Uganda". This book, which was published by the UK Charity ActionAid, was the first piece of literature to trace the importance of a candid and open approach to help fight social stigma and discrimination towards HIV and Aids. Since then he has worked on several projects and documentaries on the subject.
According to the Human Rights Report 1999, Kalinaki was assaulted and harassed at the World Press Freedom Day by Ugandan traffic policemen at Wandegeya Police Station. Kalinaki was trying to take a photograph of a taxi (matatu) driver who had knocked a woman and had tried to flee a few metres away from the police station.
Between 2003-2004, Kalinaki and "The Monitor" were twice taken to court by the Ugandan government to stop the publication of two controversial stories: the first detailed allegations that government officials had unduly influenced the constitutional review process, and the second was about a salary embezzlement scam in the country's armed forces, the Uganda People's Defence Force.
On August 12, 2009, Kalinaki was again questioned by the Ugandan Police for about six hours over the publication of contents of Ugandan President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni’s controversial July 15 letter on the politics in Bunyoro sub-region. Kalinaki, who swore a charge-and-caution statement under pending charges of forgery and uttering a false document, was later released on non-cash bond of 10 million Uganda Shillings.
It was the second time in 2009 that Kalinaki has been summoned to the CID to answer questions over stories published by the Daily Monitor Publication Ltd. No charges were referred in the earlier case, which followed a story that was critical of the conduct of the operation against the Lord’s Resistance Army.

</doc>
<doc id="2862248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862248" title="Jack P. Shepherd">
Jack P. Shepherd

Jack Peter Shepherd (born 14 January 1988) is an English actor. He plays David Platt in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street". He joined the show in April 2000, taking over the role from Thomas Ormson.
He has taken time out of "Coronation Street" to do theatre work, including the role of Riff in a production of "West Side Story" as part of Stage 84 The Yorkshire School of Performing Arts
He has also appeared in "Oliver!" at Bradford's Alhambra theatre.
In 2008, he appeared in "Ghosthunting with Coronation Street" on the Isle of Man.
In 2007, he won the Best Bad Boy Award at the Inside Soap Awards and in 2008, he won 'Best Villain' at the British Soap Awards.
Jack uses his middle initial in his stage name as there is already a well-known British actor named Jack Shepherd.
He is also a contributor to the topical show "Grouchy Young Men", a spin-off of the show "Grumpy Old Men", on the British version of Comedy Central.
He is engaged to long-term girlfriend and make-up artist Lauren Shippey with whom he has a daughter Nyla (born 2009), and a son, Reuben (born 2013).

</doc>
<doc id="2862254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862254" title="Defence Academy of the United Kingdom">
Defence Academy of the United Kingdom

The Defence Academy of the United Kingdom provides Higher Education for personnel in the British Armed Forces, Civil Service, other Government Departments and service personnel from other nations. The Director General of the Defence Academy is Peter Watkins, a civil servant and former Director Operational Policy in the Ministry of Defence. 
Structure.
The Defence Academy is headquartered at Shrivenham in southwestern Oxfordshire and was formerly known as The Royal Military College of Science (RMCS) which delivers education and training in a number of sites. The majority of training is postgraduate with many courses being accredited for the award of civilian qualifications.
The formation of the Defence Academy consolidated education and training delivered by a number of different establishments into a single organisational and budgetary structure, intended to improve efficiency, reduce duplication of effort and align delivery to defence requirements. The Defence Academy is also responsible for the maintenance of relationships with the UK academic establishment and with military and naval service educational institutions worldwide.
Non technical research is carried out for the development of doctrine and analysis of the international security environment.
Delivery units and locations.
Training is delivered by:
Governance.
The Director General of the Defence Academy was, until 2011, a three-star rank (Vice Admiral, Lieutenant-General, Air Marshal) which can be filled by any of the three Armed Services.
DDA chairs the Defence Academy Management Board which is composed of the Commandants of the constituent delivery units and Chief of Staff, Defence Academy who also serves as Commanding Officer, Shrivenham Station.
The Management Board report to a Four-star Steering Board and an Advisory Board including academic expertise from the private sector and academia. A customer board at two-star level represents the customer community.
Academic provision is delivered through partnering agreements with Cranfield University and King's College London.
Directors have been:

</doc>
<doc id="2862257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862257" title="Counts and dukes of Penthièvre">
Counts and dukes of Penthièvre

In the 11th and 12th centuries the Countship of Penthièvre ("Breton: Penteur") in Brittany (now in the department of Côtes-d'Armor) belonged to a branch of the sovereign House of Brittany. It initially belonged to the House of Rennes. Geoffrey I, Duke of Brittany, gave it to his brother Eudes in 1035, and his descendants formed a cadet branch of the ducal house. 
The geographical region of Brittany that constituted the holdings of Penthièvre correlate closely with the territories that constituted the early Breton kingdom of Domnonée.
The history of the title Count of Penthièvre included frequent dispossessions and restorations. Henri d'Avaugour, heir of this family, was dispossessed of the countship in 1235. The Duke of Brittany, Pierre Mauclerc, founder of the Breton House of Dreux, gave it as dowry to his daughter, Yolande, on her marriage in 1238 to Hugh XI of Lusignan, Count of La Marche. John I, Duke of Brittany, Yolande's brother, seized the countship on her death in 1272. After the Breton War of Succession the title was dispossessed twice by the reigning Dukes of Brittany, once by John VI and another time by Francis II.
Disputed Heirs to the Ducal Crown of Brittany.
In 1337 Joan the Lame, Duchess of Brittany, brought Penthièvre to her husband, Charles de Châtillon, Count of Blois. Joan was the daughter of Guy de Penthièvre, the brother of John III. 
When John III died a dispute emerged regarding the inheritance of the Duchy of Brittany. John III had tried to prevent the inheritance of the Duchy by his half brother John of Montfort. Joanna and Charles claimed the Ducal crown and were subsequently proclaimed the Duchess and Duke of Brittany, which John of Montfort also claimed. Their dispute prompted the Breton War of Succession. In 1352, during that war, the Estates of Brittany were established. In 1364, Joan and Charles lost the Breton civil war decisively; while they lost the duchy, they were permitted to keep Penthièvre, and Joan was permitted to keep the empty title Duchess of Brittany until her death.
Under the Treaty of Guerande Joanna was permitted to retain the title Duchess of Brittany as a titulary and she recognized John V, John of Montfort's son as the undisputed Duke. When John V, Duke of Brittany went into exile in England in 1373, Charles V of France named his brother Louis, Duke of Anjou lieutenant-general of Brittany. Louis was also a son-in-law of Joanna de Penthièvre. Under the Treaties of Guerande (1365 and 1381) in the event the House of Montfort failed to produce a male heir to the Duchy of Brittany, the senior male heir of Joanna would be recognized as Duke. (This provision of the treaty was never activated; the House of Montfort would eventually merge the ducal crown into the crown of France.)
Joanna died in 1384 and left Penthièvre to her oldest son, Jean de Blois (1340-1404). In turn, Jean de Blois left Penthièvre to his son, Olivier (1389-1433). who would forfeit it to the Duke of Brittany in 1420.
In 1420, Duke John the Wise was kidnapped by the Dowager Countess of Penthièvre, the wife of Jean de Blois, and her son Olivier. John's wife, Joan of France, besieged the rebels and set free her husband. The freed Duke confiscated the Penthièvres' goods. 
Olivier and his brother Jean de Blois (1393-1454) died childless, passing the recovered countship to Nicole de Blois (1424-1480), daughter of their brother Charles, seigneur of Avaugour (1396-1434). 
In 1437 Nicole married Jean II de Brosse. She was deprived of Penthièvre by Francis II, Duke of Brittany in 1465 - thus undermining the Penthièvre family's position in the country. In 1488, at the death of the last Breton duke, Francis II, the head of the Penthièvre family was Jean de Brosse (died 1502), grandson of Nicole de Blois, who asserted his family's claim to the duchy, but Francis' daughter Anne succeeded.
As Dukes of Penthièvre.
The countship of Penthièvre was restored to Sebastian of Luxemburg, heir of the Brosse family through his mother, Charlotte de Brosse (1506-1540), great-granddaughter of Nicole de Blois through her son Jean (d. 1502) and grandson Rene (1470-1524). The countship was erected for him into a duchy in the peerage of France in 1569. Afterwards it was held by Sebastian's daughter, Marie de Luxembourg, (1562-1623), who also became Duchess of Mercœur by marriage.
Philippe Emmanuel, Duke of Mercœur, brother-in-law of Henry III of France (last living male-line grandson of Claude, Duchess of Brittany), and a leader of the Catholic League, was made governor of Brittany by the king in 1582. Invoking the hereditary rights of his wife, Marie de Luxembourg, he endeavoured to make himself independent in that province from 1589 onwards, and organized a government at Nantes, proclaiming their young son, Philippe de Lorraine-Mercœur, (d. 1590), "prince and duke of Brittany". He allied with Spain and defeated Henry IV of France's attempts to subjugate Brittany until 20 March 1598 when Mercœur was forced to surrender and subsequently went in exile to Hungary. Philippe died young, leaving his sister, Françoise de Lorraine-Mercœur the duchy of Penthièvre.
Later dukes from various houses.
The Duchess of Vendôme's grandson, Louis Joseph, duc de Vendôme, inherited Penthièvre in 1669, but it was taken from him by decree in 1687 and adjudged to Anne Marie de Bourbon, Princess de Princess de Conti. In 1696, it was sold to Louis-Alexandre de Bourbon, Count de Toulouse, whose son, Louis de Bourbon, bore the title Duke de Penthièvre. This title passed by inheritance to the House of Orléans.

</doc>
<doc id="2862264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862264" title="Dutch Gap">
Dutch Gap

Dutch Gap is located on the James River in Chesterfield County, Virginia; it was started as a canal by Union forces during the American Civil War to cut off a curl of the river controlled by Confederate forts. The canal was completed after the war and is now the main channel of the James River in this area. It is south of the lost 17th-century town of Henricus. The Henricus Historical Park is devoted to that town.
History.
In 1611, Sir Thomas Dale, according to a method he had learned while campaigning in Holland, cut a ditch across a portion of land behind town connecting two parts of the James River. It became known as "Dale's Dutch Gap". It was a way to protect the rear of the town from possible attack and shorten the distance upriver. This length of the James River had broad, meandering stretches between Drewry's Bluff, where the river turns east into the coastal plain, and the confluence of the Appomattox River with the James below Bermuda Hundred. 
During the American Civil War, Union troops started to construct a larger canal at Dutch Gap late in 1864. Among their workers were paid African-American laborers from the Freedmen's Colony of Roanoke Island. They had been freed by Union forces and were pressed into service away from their base off the mainland of North Carolina. 
By that time, some freedmen were serving as soldiers in the United States Colored Troops. They took part in the military action at Dutch Gap. The Union Army intended to cut off the large curl of the James threatened by Confederate forts, such as Battery Dantzler. 
The Union could not complete expansion of the canal during the war, but it was completed later. It has become the main channel of the James River in that area. An electricity-generating facility of Dominion Virginia Power Company is located nearby on the south shore of the James River. 
The Dutch Gap Conservation Area includes the archaeological site of Henricus. The Henricus Historical Park is located north of Dutch Gap in Chesterfield County (it was subdivided from Henrico County in 1749). 

</doc>
<doc id="2862270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862270" title="Alex Woods">
Alex Woods

Alex Woods may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862274" title="Jack Blades">
Jack Blades

Jack Martin Blades (born April 24, 1954) is an American musician. He has worked in several bands: Rubicon, Night Ranger (as bassist and one of the lead vocalists), and Damn Yankees (as one of the founding members). He also recorded with Tommy Shaw under the name Shaw/Blades, and has done work alongside TMG, the Tak Matsumoto Group. His most recent efforts include a second solo CD, and Shaw/Blades is in the process of recording ‘’Influence II’’.
Music career.
Jack has released two solo CD's and has written or co-written songs for Aerosmith, Cher, Ozzy Osbourne, Alice Cooper, Roger Daltrey, and many more artists. Jack has also produced or co-produced CDs for Night Ranger, Shaw/Blades and for several other artists including Great White, Ted Nugent, and Samantha 7, among others.
Blades appears on Mötley Crüe's Dr. Feelgood album, which was released in 1989.
In the 1990s, Jack co-wrote four Aerosmith songs with Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, and Tommy Shaw: "Shut Up and Dance" (1993), "Can't Stop Messin'" (1993), "Walk on Water" (1994), "What Kind of Love Are You On" (1998).
In 1998 Jack was asked by Ringo Starr to be play bass in Ringo Starr VH1 Storytellers with Joe Walsh and Simon Kirke. 
In 2006 Jack played the role of an 80’s Sunset Strip club owner in the Las Vegas version of the Broadway musical show “Rock Of Ages.”
Rubicon.
Former Sly and the Family Stone saxophonist Jerry Martini formed the funk band Rubicon with Jack as bass player and fellow future Night Ranger member Brad Gillis on guitar. Rubicon recorded two albums on 20th Century Fox Records – "Rubicon", and "American Dreams". They had one hit single titled “I’m Gonna take care of Everything.” Rubicon played Cal Jam 2, held at the Ontario motor speedway in California before 250,000 people. Rubicon broke up in 1979 and Jack formed the short-lived club band Stereo with Brad Gillis and drummer Kelly Keagy, the latter of whom had joined as touring drummer for Rubicon.
Night Ranger.
Jack’s roommate at the beginning of the 80s was Alan “Fitz” Fitzgerald, bass player for Montrose and Gamma and keyboard player for Sammy Hagar. He suggested they form a band. Fitz knew another guitar player in Sacramento (Jeff Watson) and Ranger was formed in 1980. The band recorded demos and played shows around the Bay area for two years. They were signed to Boardwalk Records and released their first album, ‘’Dawn Patrol’’ in 1982. Prior to the release it was discovered that there was a country band by the name of The Rangers. Jack had written the song “Night Ranger” for the album so the band changed their name to Night Ranger to avoid any potential problems. Night Ranger went on through the 80’s releasing albums which sold by the millions, as well as several hit singles. The band toured constantly both in the US and in Japan where they continue to be popular today. 
In 1989 Jack left Night Ranger and formed the Damn Yankees.
Jack re-formed Night Ranger with the original members in 1996. They recorded three CDs – ‘’Neverland’’ in 1997, ‘’Seven’’ in 1998, and ‘’Hole In The Sun’’ in 2008. Night Ranger continues to tour today.
Damn Yankees.
Damn Yankees was formed by Jack at the start of the 1990s along with Ted Nugent and Styx guitarist Tommy Shaw. Damn Yankees had multi platinum success with two albums ‘’Damn Yankees’’, ‘’Don't Tread’’ and a gold selling single “High Enough.” Damn Yankees recorded and toured non-stop for four years. In 1994 the Damn Yankees took a break – which they are still on today...
Shaw/Blades.
After the Damn Yankees decided to take a break in 1994, Jack and Tommy decided to record together under the name Shaw/Blades. They wrote and recorded the first Shaw/Blades CD together – ‘’Hallucination’’ was released in 1995. In 2007 Shaw/Blades released ‘’Influence’’ (Vh1 Classic Records) which is a collection of cover songs that influenced Jack and Tommy. Shaw/Blades have toured acoustically across the US. They are currently recording ‘’Influence II’’ with an anticipated Spring 2010 release.
TMG (Tak Matsumoto Group).
In 2004 Jack recorded a CD and toured Japan with TMG (Tak Matsumoto Group) formed by guitarist Tak Matsumoto of the Japanese mega group B'z. TMG scored a #1 single (“Oh Japan, our time is now”) and a #1 CD (‘’TMG I’’) on Billboard Japan’s domestic chart. With TMG, Jack performed "Never Good-bye" the ending credits theme for the 2004 film "Ultraman" (a.k.a. "Ultraman: The Next"). The song appears on the 2005 soundtrack album for the movie and on "TMG I", the 2004 album by Tak Matsumoto Group.
Solo.
Jack released his first solo album in 2004 – "Jack Blades". His second solo effort, "Rock n' Roll Ride", followed early in 2012.
Recent times.
Jack continues to tour with Night Ranger. He also played at the Republican National Convention on August 29, 2012.
Radio show.
Jack has a weekly Radio show – “Backstage Pass with Jack Blades” – on in Denver Co. (103.5 the Fox) and Phoenix AZ (93.3 KDKB).
Personal life.
Born in Palm Desert, California, Jack started playing guitar at 8 years old when his parents gave him a plastic ukulele. Jack graduated from Indio High School in 1972 where he was the senior class president. While attending College of the Desert in Palm Desert he met and jammed with Pat Rizzo (who was then the sax player for Sly and the Family Stone) who introduced him to Jerry Martini (the original Sax player for Sly). Jack went off to college at San Diego State University as a pre-med student, but took a leave of absence in 1975 to move to San Francisco. Jerry and Jack (joined by Brad Gillis) started the band Rubicon, and the rest, as they say, is history.
One of his sons, Colin Blades, has co-written and performed songs with his father and has also released his own solo material. He also has another son, James.

</doc>
<doc id="2862275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862275" title="High School Attached to Beijing University of Technology">
High School Attached to Beijing University of Technology

High School Attached to Beijing University of Technology is a high school located in Chuiyangliu Middle Street, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. It is among one of the beacon high schools accredited by Beijing municipal Government.

</doc>
<doc id="2862282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862282" title="Aspin valve">
Aspin valve

An Aspin valve consists of a cone-shaped metal part fitted to the cylinder head in internal combustion. Aspin valves were first patented by Frank Metcalf Aspin in 1937, although the idea was devised before this time.
The valve rotates to provide the opening and closing necessary for intake and exhaust. It is attached to the engine, vertical to the cylinder block, via a shaft at its top; this allows the valve to rotate horizontally above the cylinder and when it turns. The valve is hollow, and has a large cut-out opening in one side. This alternately allows gases into the combustion chamber, and out to the exhaust system by lining up holes in the valve shaft with the cylinder-head ports which allows the gases to pass.

</doc>
<doc id="2862283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862283" title="BBE">
BBE

BBE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2862293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862293" title="Bill Wylie">
Bill Wylie

William Vance Wylie (July 15, 1928 — November 24, 1983) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1950–51 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2862298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862298" title="William Lorimer (politician)">
William Lorimer (politician)

William Lorimer (April 27, 1861September 13, 1934) was a U.S. Representative from the State of Illinois. He subsequently served in the United States Senate and was known as the "Blond Boss" in Chicago. In 1912, however, the Senate held Lorimer's election invalid due to the use of corrupt methods and practices including vote-buying.
Biography.
Lorimer was born in Manchester, England. His family immigrated to the United States in 1866, first settling in Michigan and then moving to Chicago in 1870. Lorimer was self-educated. He had been apprenticed to a sign painter when he was ten. He worked in the Chicago meat-packing houses and for a street railroad company.
In 1894, Lorimer was elected to the first of two non-consecutive tenures (1895-1901, 1903-09) in the US House of Representatives. In 1909, he helped to engineer the blocking of the re-election of US Senator Albert J. Hopkins, a Republican who had been Lorimer's ally, but was now a political foe. With Hopkins' re-election bid finished, Lorimer seemed surprised when a coalition of 55 Illinois state House Republicans and 53 state House Democrats pushed his name to fill the now-vacant seat. Lorimer's name went before the state Senate, and he was elected to the US Senate. He took his seat in March 1909.
In 1910, "The Chicago Tribune" published an admission by Illinois Assemblyman Charles A. White that Lorimer had paid $1,000 for White's vote in the election for U.S. Senator (prior to the Seventeenth Amendment, ratified in 1913, selection of U.S. Senators rested with state legislatures, rather than popular vote). On July 13, 1912, after a Senate investigation and acrimonious debate, the Senate adopted a resolution declaring "that corrupt methods and practices were employed in his election, and that the election, therefore, was invalid." Many in Chicago believed that Lorimer’s ouster was politically inspired and that he was wrongfully deprived of his seat. When he returned to Chicago he was greeted by a parade and a throng at a meeting in Orchestra Hall. One of the speakers at the meeting was attorney Charles Lederer of Adler & Lederer (now known as Arnstein & Lehr, LLP) and a former member of the Illinois General Assembly. He presented a resolution to the meeting reciting the wrong done to Mr. Lorimer, his fight for his seat and the faith of his friends in him. 
Lorimer served as president of La Salle Street Trust & Savings Bank from 1910 to 1915, and then entered the lumber business. He died in Chicago at age 73.

</doc>
<doc id="2862301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862301" title="Dødheimsgard">
Dødheimsgard

Dødheimsgard (also known as DHG) is a Norwegian extreme metal band formed in 1994. Dødheimsgard was originally a black metal band, but 1999's "666 International" saw them change into an experimental and avant-garde / industrial metal band. In 2000, they shortened their name to DHG. During 2003, they went through some lineup changes, replacing Aldrahn, Zweizz and Czral.
"Dødheimsgard" is a contraction of three words: "Død" which means 'death', "heim" which means 'home' and "gard" which means (at least in this context) 'realm'. A natural translation into English would be "Realm of Death".
In 2006, they completed the new album "Supervillain Outcast", which was released in April 2007 by Moonfog Productions and The End Records.
On January 4, 2008, it was announced that vocalist Kvohst had left the band. However, as of October 2010, he has rejoined Dødheimsgard, Also in 2010 a new drummer, Terghl, and a new guitarist, Blargh, was introduced. The band is now working on new material for a new album.

</doc>
<doc id="2862309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862309" title="Treaty of London (1518)">
Treaty of London (1518)

The Treaty of London in 1518 was a non-aggression pact between the major European nations. The signatories were France, England, Holy Roman Empire, the Papacy, Spain, Burgundy and the Netherlands, all of whom agreed not to attack one another and to come to the aid of any that were under attack. 
The treaty was designed by Cardinal Wolsey and so came to be signed by the ambassadors of the nations concerned in London. It was a response to the rising power of the Ottoman empire which was encroaching into the Balkans.
Background.
The ideal of lasting peace was especially advocated by Christian church officials throughout the centuries. During the Middle Ages, the church tried to advocate the idea of fighting the non-Christian world only, and to stop fighting between Christians. The Crusades were the focal-point for fighting against non-Christians. However, Christian identity waned during the Renaissance. After the fall of Constantinople in 1453, people in Europe began to identify primarily with Europe instead of Christianity. During the 15th century, peace was established for 50 years in Italy, which was divided into many small city-states. Only a small war between Venice and the Papacy for the control of Ferrara caused a temporary lapse in the peace. This peaceful period came to an end with the French invasion of 1494. A succession of small wars followed and in 1518 the political possibilities of a peace treaty seemed a realisation.
Terms.
All European countries except for Islamic Turkey were invited to London (Russia was not considered to be a part of Europe, but of Asia at that time). The treaty hoped to bind the 20 leading states of Europe into peace with one another, and thus end warfare between the states of Europe. In October 1518 it was initiated between representatives from England and France. It was then ratified by other European nations and the Pope. The agreement established a defensive league based upon the following:
The terms committed states with an active foreign policy to not only commit to a stance of non-aggression, but also to promise to make war upon any state which broke the terms of the treaty. At the time, it was thought a triumph for Thomas Wolsey and allowed Henry VIII to greatly increase his standing in European political circles, to the extent that England became seen as a third major power.
Legacy.
There is some evidence that Wolsey viewed the treaty as a first step towards a greater integration between the states of Christian Europe, which arguably makes the treaty perhaps the first serious attempt at achieving European integration through diplomacy.
In any event, the peace the treaty brought lasted for a very short time. Wars broke out in a few years including wars between Denmark and Sweden, and between an alliance of England and Spain against France. The peace movement however continued for next centuries and became part of the Enlightenment movement in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2862320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862320" title="Coffman Memorial Union">
Coffman Memorial Union

Coffman Memorial Union (CMU) is the student union (student center) on the Minneapolis campus of the University of Minnesota, United States. It anchors the south side of Northrop Mall, on the south side of Washington Avenue, overlooking the Mississippi River. It is named for Lotus Coffman, a University of Minnesota President between 1920 and 1938.
It opened in 1940 and has undergone renovations on several occasions, especially the 1970s work which was widely criticized for altering the exterior. The most recent, and most significant, renovation closed the building between 1999 and 2003. This renovation restored the exterior, thoroughly renovated the interior and greatly expanded the basement floors: which now include the main University of Minnesota Bookstore as well as several new stores, offices and lounges, including the glass "Cube" which sits off Washington Ave.
CMU is operated quasi-independently from the University of Minnesota, by the Student Unions & Activities (SUA) Board of Governors. SUA also has a facility on the Saint Paul campus, the St. Paul Student Center, and on the Minneapolis West Bank, the West Bank Skyway. CMU is home to the undergraduate student government - the Minnesota Student Association, MPAC (Minnesota Programs and Activities Council), which is responsible for planning Homecoming and Spring Jam Activities, along with many other events held on campus, and the graduate student government Graduate and Professional Student Assembly, and the campus bookstore. 

</doc>
<doc id="2862327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862327" title="WOJO">
WOJO

WOJO (105.1 FM) "La Que Buena 105.1" is a radio station broadcasting a regional Mexican format. Licensed to Evanston, Illinois, USA, the station serves the Chicago area. The station is currently owned by Tichenor License Corporation. The station is also broadcast on HD radio. As of August 2011, WOJO carries a Spanish contemporary Christian/praise and worship music format on its HD-2 side channel, and a simulcast of Spanish news/talk sister station WRTO-AM on its HD-3 side channel.
Radio Maria Chicago, a Spanish language unit of Radio Maria USA, a Catholic radio network is also broadcast on WOJO's FM subcarrier. Radio Maria Chicago commenced broadcasting on the WOJO subcarrier and online on December 8, 2008.
History.
The station began broadcasting as WEAW in 1947, named for owner Edward A. Wheeler. The call sign officially became WEAW-FM in 1953 when a companion AM station was launched. WEAW-FM carried a variety of programs aimed at the Evanston community and brokered ethnic broadcasts, but most of its revenue came from leasing its subcarriers to Muzak and other users.
In 1969 one of station owner Wheeler's companies secured the rights to manage the transmission tower atop the new John Hancock Center in Chicago. WEAW-FM began transmitting from the Hancock in 1970. In 1971 and 1972 the station was the flagship of the Chicago White Sox radio network. By late 1972 most of the station's programming was in Spanish, and its callsign was changed to WOJO. In 1983 WOJO was sold to Tichenor Media, which merged into current owner Univision Radio in 1997.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2862329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862329" title="Rugby Borough Council election, 1999">
Rugby Borough Council election, 1999

Elections to Rugby Council were held on 6 May 1999. One third of the council seats were up for election. The council stayed under no overall control. The number of councillors for each party after the election were Labour 22, Conservative 11, Liberal Democrat 7, Residents 4 and Independent 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2862332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862332" title="Morton's fork coup">
Morton's fork coup

Morton's Fork is a coup in contract bridge that forces an opponent to choose between letting declarer establish one or more extra tricks in the suit led, and losing the opportunity to win any trick in that suit. It takes its name from the expression Morton's Fork.
Example.
It appears that South has both a heart and a club loser. Although South can establish another winner in diamonds, just one discard on a diamond honor doesn't help.
Judging from the opening lead that East holds the A, South plays the 9 from dummy at the first trick, ruffs in hand, and draws trumps. Hoping that West holds the A, South leads the 7, executing Morton's Fork:
Note that declarer must be careful "not" to play a high diamond on the opening lead, as East could then withhold the ace. That would force the declarer to choose a discard prematurely. South must get a discard on a diamond honor eventually, but not before West has been forced to decide whether to take the A or duck it. Only then will South know whether to discard a heart or a club on the diamond winner.
Example Defense.
If West takes the A, he might as well continue with the 3. South wins and leads a heart, covered and ruffed. A third club to South's hand, and another heart, again covered and ruffed. A diamond to South's hand, and a third heart covered and ruffed. The K is cashed, and then another diamond to South's hand allows dummy's last two losing diamonds to be discarded on the Q and the established heart.
If West ducks the A at the second trick, South sets up a heart via ruffing finesses as before, discarding dummy's losing spade on the established heart. Now a third diamond from South either wins or establishes dummy's 10, and South has twelve tricks: one spade, one heart, three diamonds and seven clubs.
Gray points out that to defeat the contract, West must lead the 2 at trick one. (He goes on, "And I hope that is not too obvious.") Against the opening lead of the 2, South must discard from dummy before West has been forced to play to South's spade lead. If South discards dummy's spade at trick one, West's A will later take dummy's K, and South must lose a spade and a diamond. If South discards a diamond from dummy, West ducks South's spade lead, saving his A for the Q, and again South must lose a spade and a diamond.
Gray speculates on a name for West's opening lead coup: "This play of giving declarer a trick early . . . is probably worth a name. The Anti-Morton Coup or the Down With Morton Coup spring to mind, but these names seem rather unfriendly. Let us settle for the Morton Coup Defense."

</doc>
<doc id="2862333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862333" title="Brooke Vincent">
Brooke Vincent

Brooke Levi Vincent (born 4 June 1992) is a British actress. She is best known for playing the role of Sophie Webster in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 12 May 2004, she took over the role from Emma Woodward, who previously played the role of Sophie.
Career.
Brooke's first television appearance was as a guest character, Casey Emma Glass, in the TV series, "The League of Gentlemen". She joined "Coronation Street" in April 2004 as the third actress to play Sophie Webster, replacing Emma Woodward who decided to leave the soap at the end of 2003. Brooke's first appearance was shown on 12 May.
Brooke is two years older than the character she plays, and shortly after landing the role of Sophie in "Coronation Street", she appeared on "Children in Need".
In an interview on 7 September 2010 with Vincent and Sacha Parkinson, both these young actresses discussed their roles in the lesbian storyline, whereby, their relationship transformed from best friends to girlfriends, with the realisation of their sexuality. This storyline on "Coronation Street" started on 11 April 2010.
On 5 November 2010 at the "Stonewall Awards" ceremony, "Coronation Street" won the new "Broadcast of the Year" award, in recognition of its gay storylines. The show has featured its first ever lesbian storyline this year, with the long-standing character Sophie Webster's (Vincent) blossoming romance with best friend Sian Powers (Sacha Parkinson).
Vincent was nominated for the award for Best Dramatic Performance from a Young Actor or Actress for her portrayal of Sophie at The British Soap Awards 2008. At the 2008 Inside Soap Awards, Vincent was nominated in the category "Best Young Actor".
Personal life.
Vincent attended Fairfield High School for Girls in Droylsden. 
In August 2011, she was reported as having been dating Chelsea FC footballer Josh McEachran since 2011 but the couple split in June 2014 after nearly three years together. Brooke is the cousin of Ellie Leach, who plays fellow Coronation Street resident Faye Windass. Brooke was said to be "overjoyed" by Leach's casting in the soap.

</doc>
<doc id="2862335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862335" title="Argentine Army officer rank insignia">
Argentine Army officer rank insignia

Argentine Army officers wear their rank insignia in shoulderboards. Generals and Senior Colonels may be distinguished for the red trim of their shoulderboards and around the suns denoting their rank; they also wear golden wreath leaves in their coat lapels. The suns for officers below the rank of Senior Colonel are metallic; Senior Colonels and Generals have gold-braid suns.
The highest rank an Army officer may reach is "Teniente General" (Lieutenant General). This rank is held only by the Chief of the General Staff of the Army. The only exception is the Chief of the Joint General Staff, if he should be an Army officer. There are mentions of the rank of "Capitán General" (Captain General), but it is a purely honorific rank bestowed posthumously upon José de San Martín.
The rank of Senior Colonel is an honorary rank for long-serving colonels who have not been promoted to Brigade General; the rank is considered inferior to Brigade General but superior to Colonel. Senior Colonels may be further promoted to general ranks.
The following table displays the rank insignia worn by officers of the Argentine Army.

</doc>
<doc id="2862343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862343" title="El Presidente (band)">
El Presidente (band)

El Presidente (also written El Pres!dente) was a pop rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. Formed in 2002 by Gun member Dante Gizzi, the band gained major exposure with slots at T in the Park 2005, V Festival 2005 and again at T in the Park in 2006. The band have also supported Oasis, Duran Duran, Simple Minds and Kasabian on major tours of the UK.
History.
Whilst touring in France with Gun, Gizzi came up with the name El Presidente and after Gun split, began working on his own songs. In 2002 he made a few demos, along with brother Jools, on a small sampler and Billy Sloan aired them on his Sunday night Radio Clyde show. 
After a couple of gigs at King Tuts in Glasgow as a solo artist with studio recorded backing tracks, Gizzi got a band together. The original line up included brother Jools (previously also with Gun) on guitar and current drummer Dawn Zhu on drums. On signing up with One Records a subsidiary of GR management in Glasgow (also the Gun management team) a couple of the original members decided they did not want to tour with the band. Gizzi then recruited Laura Marks, Thomas McNeice and Johnny McGlynn. Shortly after the band signed a deal with Sony BMG.
The band's first release was a limited edition (1000 copies), red 10" vinyl released on 31 January 2005 which was promoted by the band's first video, which was produced by Jonas Odell and cost over £25,000. On 17 January they embarked on their first UK tour, supported by Stagger Lee. In February they shot their next video for the single "100 MPH". The accompanying video featured the band playing the song in different size boxes, reminiscent of a giant Rubik's Cube.
In April they supported Kasabian on another UK tour, then Oasis in May, on their only Scottish date. "100 MPH" was released on 2 May on a two-track CD, a DVD single and limited yellow vinyl. It reached #37 in the UK Singles Chart. To promote it, the band made their début on the BBC Television music programme "Top of the Pops"; plus on "GMTV" and "". In June, the band played two back to back sell out nights at King Tuts, and on 24 June 2005, were meant to play at the Glastonbury Festival, but their stage flooded and the band's set was cancelled.
On 25 July 2005, the band released "Without You". To promote it, they performed on "GMTV", "Top Of The Pops" and "TRL" (on MTV). They did a session on BBC Radio 2 (in which they performed "Without You" and a cover of Prince's "Raspberry Beret"). There was a number of articles in "The Sun" and other national newspapers and the song was playlisted on BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2 and Xfm. The single reached number 30 in the UK chart. In July and August 2005 the band played some festivals, and a sell-out gig at The Liquid Rooms in Edinburgh. In September their next single was announced, which was to be a re-release of "Rocket". The video was an edited down version of the older video, but the single was re-recorded with the current line-up. They appeared on "TRL" again, but only for an interview, and they did numerous radio sessions on XFM and BBC Radio 2, The video was also playlisted on "MTV Hits" and "Brand Spanking New". The single reached number 48.
On 24 October 2005, the band's début album was released. It reached number 57 in the UK Albums Chart. The band embarked on a full UK tour in September and October, and in early September supported Jamiroquai. In November they also took part in the charity recording of "Ever Fallen in Love (With Someone You Shouldn't've)" (originally by the Buzzcocks) as a tribute to the late John Peel. On 17 December the band played a Christmas show at the Barrowlands. Then on New Year's Eve 2005, they played at the annual Hogmanay celebration in the Royal Gardens in Scotland.
On 6 February 2006 the band released their fourth and final single from their début album, which was a re-recorded version of "Turn This Thing Around". The video to the song was shot in November in Japan. The story line to video was the lead singer, Gizzi had lost his memory, and must find the band on time to get to the show. The single did better than "Rocket", and went to number 39.
In July 2006 they performed at T In The Park on the main stage. They premièred one new song "Late Night Binges". On 21 July 2006, the band attended the Northsound 1 Awards, nominated for Best Live Act. 
On their French November 2006 tour, another new song, "Reach Out" was played. Recording on their second album started in October. Johnny McElhone (Texas' bassist) also worked with the band on their second album, although just what his contribution will be is yet to be announced.
They played RockNess on 9 June 2007 and Saturday of the 2007 Glastonbury Festival.
Prior to the band's tour of France in November 2006, it was reported on the band's MySpace page by Marks that 'some recording was finished' in Glasgow. A further internet blog from the band came in January 2007 stating that recording was ongoing, and a new single and album would follow in the summer of 2007. No new information followed, and, due to Marks' current TV presenting role and Gizzi's work with Gun in 2008, it is uncertain where the band's future lies. The band's website, has since been re-directed to an unregistered domain and it is unknown whether the website itself still exists.

</doc>
<doc id="2862348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862348" title="Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet">
Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet

Sir William Gage, 7th Baronet KCB (1695 – 23 April 1744) was the MP for Seaford from 1722 until his death.
Sir William is best remembered for introducing greengages into Great Britain from France and for his patronage of cricket in association with his friend Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond.
Greengages.
The greengage is named after Sir William who is credited with introducing it to Great Britain from ca.1724–25 when he obtained a supply from France.
Parliamentary career.
The Gage family were Roman Catholic recusants but Sir William chose to conform to the established Church so that he could become an MP in 1722. His seat was the former constituency of Seaford and he retained his membership until his death in 1744.
Cricket career.
Sir William was a keen cricketer and patron who led and backed Sussex county cricket teams. One of his teams has been credited with the earliest known innings victory. He was a close friend of Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond and it seems they had organised a number of cricket matches before 1725 when their involvement first becomes clear through a surviving letter that Gage wrote to Richmond in humorous terms about cricket:
My Lord Duke,<br>
I received this moment your Grace's letter and am extremely happy your Grace intends us ye honour of making one a Tuesday, and will without fail bring a gentleman with me to play against you, One that has played very seldom for these several years.<br>
I am in great affliction with being shamefully beaten Yesterday, the first match I played this year. However I will muster up all my courage against Tuesday's engagement. I will trouble your Grace with nothing more than that I wish you Success in everything except ye Cricket Match and that I am etc. etc.<br>
W. Gage<br>
Firle July ye 16th 1725
Sir William's name appears in connection with a number of matches over the next few years but perhaps most notably with regard to his game against Edward Stead's XI on 28 August 1729. It seems that Sir William's team won this game by an innings, the earliest innings victory on record if so, as a contemporary report states that Sussex "got (within three) in one hand, as the former did in two hands, so the Kentish men threw it up". Sir William was greatly assisted by the outstanding play of Thomas Waymark "who turned the scale of victory".
In August 1733, Sir William's team challenged one backed by Frederick, Prince of Wales at Moulsey Hurst for "a wager of 100 guineas". Sir William was officially Lord Gage by then. The result of the match is unknown but it featured "11 of the best players in the county on each side" (i.e., it was Surrey v. Sussex). In September 1734, his Sussex team played a Kent team led by Lord John Philip Sackville in the earliest match recorded at Sevenoaks Vine. This was won by Kent. Apart from one minor fixture a few years later, that is the last record of Sir William in a cricketing context.
Family and personal life.
Sir William was born in Firle, East Sussex. The Gage family purchased the baronetcy at Firle Place from King James I and Sir William himself did much to develop Firle Place, including the external cladding of the building in the Georgian style, using Caen Stone.
He was unmarried and died without issue aged 49 on 23 April 1744. He was succeeded to the Baronetcy of Firle Place by his cousin Thomas Gage who, in 1754, was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Viscount Gage.

</doc>
<doc id="2862353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862353" title="East Antrim Hockey Club">
East Antrim Hockey Club

East Antrim Hockey Club is a men's field hockey club based in Newtownabbey, County Antrim, Northern Ireland, 7 miles north of Belfast. It is affiliated to the Ulster Branch of the Irish Hockey Association and is one of the oldest clubs in Irish hockey. The club currently plays in Section 2 of the Ulster Senior League. The club's motto is "Non Sibi Cunctus".

</doc>
<doc id="2862367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862367" title="Helen Flanagan">
Helen Flanagan

Helen Joyce Gabriel Flanagan (born 7 August 1990) is an English actress and model best known for playing the character of Rosie Webster in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" for 12 years. She was voted the most attractive British candidate in the 2013 "FHM" 100 Sexiest Women in the World poll.
Film and television work.
Flanagan first appeared as Rosie Webster in "Coronation Street" January 2000. In 2006, she was nominated for the award of "Best Dramatic Performance from a Young Actor or Actress" at the British Soap Awards, losing to Ellis Hollins of "Hollyoaks". In 2007, she was nominated for "Villain of the Year" at the same awards, this time losing to "Coronation Street" co-star Jack P. Shepherd (who plays David Platt). In October 2011, Flanagan announced that she would leave "Coronation Street" in February 2012 to pursue other interests.
In November 2012, Flanagan participated in the twelfth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", finishing in seventh place out of the 12 celebrities who appeared.
Personal life.
Flanagan attended Westholme School in Blackburn, Lancashire. She has previously dated Manchester City F.C. and former Wigan Athletic F.C. and Swansea City A.F.C. player Scott Sinclair, with whom she continues to live. In December 2012, she spoke of her battle with depression and anxiety, and stated that she had been prescribed medication for ADHD and bipolar disorder.
In June 2013, Flanagan and Sinclair's house in Prestbury, Cheshire was burgled. Flanagan was at home on the night of the incident; the thieves escaped with a mobile phone and items of jewellery. She was reported by her spokesman to be "naturally very shaken" but "unharmed".
On 10 September 2013, Flanagan posed topless as a Page 3 girl in "The Sun".

</doc>
<doc id="2862368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862368" title="Brendon McNichol">
Brendon McNichol

Brendon McNichol (born November 1969), is a lap-steel/guitar player, who has played with bands including Queens of the Stone Age, Masters of Reality and Rattlebone. He is now working as a contractor.
Bands.
In 1990 Brendon lived in Hollywood, California, and he began playing music with his roommate bassplayer Roger Deering. Roger had previously been in the punk band The Drills, and had moved from Miami, Florida to Los Angeles, California, with drummer Kerry Furlong that also had been in The Drills, to start a new band. Kerry formed a band with Brendon, Roger and Hammond Organ player Jeff Muendel. The first couple of shows they performed under the old name The Drills, because of the reputation they had developed with The Drills, and eventually they changed the name to Rattlebone. They released a 5-song EP in 1991 produced by Dave Jerden. Brendon left Rattlebone in 1994, and got replaced by Greg Birribauer until the band disbanded in 1995. [http://www.miaminewtimes.com/Issues/1993-01-06/music/music.html]
In 1996 Brendon joined Masters of Reality led by Chris Goss, and appeared on tour with the band, and on the live album "How High The Moon: Live At The Viper Room".
In 2000 he joined Queens of the Stone Age, teaming up with his long time friend Josh Homme, playing not only guitar, but also lap-steel and piano. Besides touring he also recorded various studio songs. 
Brendon has also played with bands including K.C. and the Sunshine Band, The Drills, Stacy Q., Pablo Moses [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XojgvZrmomw], Michigan and Smiley, Charlie Chaplan, Drone w/ Ted Parsons, Desert Sessions, Levi Chen, Photek, Discordia, The Dwarves, Palmerville as well as countless soundtracks, commercials and albums as a session player.

</doc>
<doc id="2862369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862369" title="Fleet Faction">
Fleet Faction

The was an unofficial and informal political faction within the Imperial Japanese Navy in the 1920s-1930s of officers opposed to the conditions imposed by the Washington Naval Treaty.
Background.
The Washington Naval Treaty, also known as the Five-Power Treaty, limited the naval armaments of its five signatories: the United States, the British Empire, the Empire of Japan, France, and Italy. The treaty was agreed at the Washington Naval Conference, which was held in Washington, D.C. from November 1921 to February 1922. 
The treaty limited the total capital ship tonnage of each of the signatories; no single ship could exceed 35,000 tons, and no ship could carry a gun in excess of 16 inches. Only two large aircraft carriers were permitted per nation. No new fortifications or naval bases could be established, and existing bases and defenses could not be improved in external territories and possessions specified in the treaty. The tonnage allotment to Japan was based on a 5:5:3 ratio compared with the United States and United Kingdom, with the justification being that the latter countries needed to maintain fleets on more than one ocean, whereas Japan had only the Pacific Ocean.
Development.
The terms of the treaty were extremely unpopular with Japanese public, many of whom saw the 5:5:3 ratio as another way of being regarded as an inferior race by the West.
The Imperial Japanese Navy was split into two opposing factions, Treaty Faction and Fleet Faction. The Treaty Faction wanted to stay within the limitations of the Washington Naval Treaty, arguing that Japan could not afford an arms race with the western powers, and hoping through diplomacy to restore the Anglo-Japanese Alliance.
The Fleet Faction was composed of the political right-wing within the Navy, including many influential admirals in the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff such as Yamamoto Eisuke, Kato Hiroharu, Suetsugu Nobumasa, Takahashi Sankichi and Nagumo Chuichi, and was headed by Prince Fushimi Hiroyasu. The Fleet Faction wanted nullification of the Washington Naval Treaty, and unlimited naval growth to build the most powerful navy possible, thus challenging the naval supremacy of the United States and British Empire.
In the 1920s, the Treaty Faction, which was supported by the Navy Ministry and the civilian government was predominant. However, with increasing Japanese militarism in the 1930s, the growing conflict with the United States over China, and the blatant disregard for the terms of the Treaty by all major powers, the Fleet Faction gradually gained the upper hand. On 29 December 1934, the Japanese government gave formal notice that it intended to terminate the treaty. Its provisions remained in force until the end of 1936, and it was not renewed.

</doc>
<doc id="2862370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862370" title="Hong Kong Cricket Sixes">
Hong Kong Cricket Sixes

The Hong Kong Cricket Sixes is an annual 10-team international (12 since 2011) cricket tournament held at the Kowloon Cricket Club and fully sanctioned by the International Cricket Council. The tournament is made for television, with rules and a venue that encourage aggressive batting and high scoring. Because every player (except the wicket-keeper) is required to bowl one over, the format suits all-rounders.
History.
In 2007, Sri Lanka defeated the much-fancied All-Stars team, while in 2006 South Africa beat four-time champions Pakistan.
The 2008 event was played on 8 and 9 November. It saw the return of the All-Stars team that in 2007 featured such cricketing luminaries as Shivnarine Chanderpaul and Shane Warne. West Indies batting great Brian Lara and New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming took part in the 2008 team. The All-Stars joined nine representative international teams in the tournament – 2007 champions Sri Lanka, Australia, New Zealand, England, Pakistan, India, South Africa, Bangladesh and hosts Hong Kong.
The 2009 tournament was held from 31 October to 1 November and 8 Teams participated in this event.South Africa won the tournament by defeating Hong Kong in the final.
In 2011, the Hong Kong Cricket Association have been awarded HK$3.5 million from the Hong Kong SAR government's Mega Event Fund for the KARP Group Hong Kong Cricket Sixes. In line with the objectives of the Mega Events Fund to promote the SAR as an events capital of Asia, the HKCA have confirmed some exciting innovations for the event. These include expanding the tournament from two to three days, with tournament play to start on the Friday of the event weekend. The field will also be increased from 8 to 12 teams – three of them national teams from world cricket powers and the fourth an invitational squad of international legends, emulating the All Star format that helped make the 2007 Sixes a big hit among fans.
In 2013, the Hong Kong Cricket Association cancelled the Hong Kong Cricket Sixes due to the difficulty in securing government funding and private sector backing.
Match rules.
The Laws of Cricket apply, except:

</doc>
<doc id="2862373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862373" title="Railroads connecting New York City and Chicago">
Railroads connecting New York City and Chicago

In the "Official Territory", the land of the Northeast U.S. bounded roughly by the Mississippi, Ohio and Potomac rivers, one of the most important railroad corridors is between New York City and Chicago. For over a century, this corridor was dominated by four major railroads, and an aggregate of other roads that served as a fifth option.
New York Central Railroad.
The first New York-Chicago route was provided on January 24, 1853 with the completion of the Toledo, Norwalk and Cleveland Railroad to Grafton, Ohio on the Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati Railroad. The route later became part of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway, owned by the New York Central Railroad.
Pennsylvania Railroad.
In 1857, the Fort Wayne Railroad Bridge was completed across the Allegheny River in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and trains began to run from Philadelphia to Chicago along the Pennsylvania Railroad and Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Rail Road (later part of the PRR).
The Connecting Railway in Philadelphia opened for revenue service on June 3, 1867, with direct service between Philadelphia and Jersey City, New Jersey, across the Hudson River from New York. Through freight between Jersey City and Pittsburgh began the next month, and soon some trains began running between Jersey City and Chicago.
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
From its original charter terminus of Wheeling, West Virginia, reached in 1853, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad pushed west by construction of new rails and by leasing other pre-existing ones. The B&O had reached Newark, Ohio by 1866, Sandusky by 1869, and had built a new line west into Chicago by 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="2862374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862374" title="Emma Collinge">
Emma Collinge

Emma Collinge (born November 1990, in Crumpsall, Manchester, England), is a former English actress. She is best known for playing the first incarnation of Rosie Webster, in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" from 1990 to 1999. She left the show to focus more on her gymnastics, and to put more effort into her school work and studies.
She acted along with Sally Dynevor (Sally Webster), Michael Le Vell (Kevin Webster), Emma Woodward (Sophie Webster), Lynsay King (Sarah-Louise-Platt), Helen Worth (Gail Platt) and Thomas Ormson (David Platt) on "Coronation Street".
In 2000, Helen Flanagan took over the role, as Collinge left the role of Rosie Webster. She made her first appearance as the second incarnation of the character, on 23 January 2000 and departed the show on 10 February 2012, as actress Helen Flanagan wanted to try new projects and try something different. The character of Rosie moved to London, to film a reality TV show and further her modelling career.
Emma portrayed the role of Rosie Webster in "Coronation Street" from the age of just two weeks old. She made her first appearance as Rosie on the show on Christmas Day 1990. Emma played Rosie from her birth until December 1999. The character was then replaced and portrayed by Helen Flanagan from 23 January 2000 until 10 February 2012, before the character departed the show again. Currently, no actress portrays the role of Rosie Webster in "Coronation Street", as the character is not present on the TV show.
In 2003, she had a brief minor role of Kelly in the children's TV series "Roger and the Rottentrolls".
After a brief role on children's TV show "Roger and the Rottentrolls" as Kelly, Emma has not had any other acting roles nor television appearances. She has retired from acting.
She attended St Matthew's RC High School in Moston until 2007 and currently studies Medicine and Science studies at the University of Manchester in Manchester, Lancashire, England, United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2862380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862380" title="Treaty Faction">
Treaty Faction

The was an unofficial and informal political faction within the Imperial Japanese Navy in the 1920s-1930s of officers supporting the Washington Naval Treaty.
Background.
The "Washington Naval Treaty", also known as the "Five-Power Treaty", limited the naval armaments of its five signatories: the United States, the British Empire, the Empire of Japan, France, and Italy. The treaty was agreed at the Washington Naval Conference, which was held in Washington, D.C. from November 1921 to February 1922. 
The treaty limited the total capital ship tonnage of each of the signatories; no single ship could exceed 35,000 tons, and no ship could carry a gun in excess of 16 inches. Only two large aircraft carriers were permitted per nation. No new fortifications or naval bases could be established, and existing bases and defenses could not be improved in the external territories and possessions specified in the treaty. The tonnage allotment to Japan was based on a 5:5:3 ratio compared with the United States and United Kingdom, with the justification being that the latter countries needed to maintain fleets on more than one ocean, whereas Japan had only the Pacific Ocean.
Development.
The terms of the treaty were extremely unpopular with Japanese public, many of whom saw the 5:5:3 ratio as another way of being regarded as an inferior race by the West.
The Imperial Japanese Navy was also split into two opposing factions, Fleet Faction and Treaty Faction. The Treaty Faction argued that Japan could not afford an arms race with the western powers, and hoped through diplomacy to restore the Anglo-Japanese Alliance. It argued that the current treaty limitations would serve Japan for the time being.
The Treaty Faction was composed of the political left-wing within the Navy, including influential admirals in the Navy Ministry such as Takarabe Takeshi, Taniguchi Naomi, Yamanashi Katsunoshin, Sakonji Seizo and Hori Taikichi.
In the 1920s, the Treaty Faction, which was supported by the civilian government, was predominant. However, the even more restrictive London Naval Treaty of 1930 divided the Treaty Faction into two parts. The “Anti-London Treaty Faction” pushed for military and economic expansion into the South Pacific, and thus became more closely aligned with the "Fleet Faction".
With increasing Japanese militarism in the 1930s, the growing conflict with the United States over China, and the blatant disregard for the terms of the Treaty by all major powers, the Fleet Faction gradually gained the upper hand. Furthermore, many of the Treaty Faction members who had direct first-hand experience in Britain or the United States went into retirement from 1933-1934, including Isoroku Yamamoto's mentor, Hori Teikichi.
On 29 December 1934, the Japanese government gave formal notice that it intended to terminate the treaty. Its provisions remained in force until the end of 1936, and it was not renewed.

</doc>
<doc id="2862381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862381" title="Ralph Teetor">
Ralph Teetor

Ralph Teetor (1890-1982) was a prolific (and blind) inventor who invented cruise control. He was the longtime president of the automotive parts manufacturer The Perfect Circle Co. (acquired in 1963 by Dana Corp., then sold to Mahle GmbH in 2007) in Hagerstown, Indiana, a manufacturer of piston rings.
Early life.
Teetor became blind at age five in an accident, but as a grown man he preferred never to discuss his disability. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in mechanical engineering in 1912.
Teetor's highly developed sense of touch proved helpful in developing a technique for balancing steam turbine rotors used in torpedo-boat destroyers. Dynamic balancing of large components had puzzled others before Teetor solved the problem.
Cruise control.
Teetor was inspired to invent cruise control one day while riding with his lawyer. The lawyer would slow down while talking and speed up while listening. This rocking motion so annoyed Teetor that he was determined to invent a speed control device. In 1945, after ten years of tinkering, Ralph Teetor received his first patent on a speed control device. Early names for his invention included "Controlmatic", "Touchomatic", "Pressomatic" and "Speedostat" The name finally chosen was "Cruise Control". The device wasn't used commercially until Chrysler introduced it in 1958.
Other achievements.
Teetor managed to live his life almost as if his accident had never happened, and went on to become successful as an engineer, manufacturing executive and entrepreneur. His other inventions included an early powered lawn mower, lock mechanisms, and holders for fishing rods.
In 1936, Teetor was elected as president of the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE). In 1963, he endowed the SAE's Ralph R. Teetor Educational Award which is awarded annually to stimulate "contacts between younger engineering educators and practicing engineers in industry and government." 
In 1965, Teetor received two honorary degrees, Doctor of Engineering at the Indiana Institute of Technology and Doctor of Laws at Earlham College, Indiana. He was also made a Fellow of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. The planetarium and one of the residence houses at Earlham College are named in Teetor's honor.
In 1988, Teetor was posthumously inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in Dearborn, Michigan, for his numerous contributions to the automotive industry.

</doc>
<doc id="2862389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862389" title="RTSS">
RTSS

RTSS stands for Réseau de télécommunications sociosanitaire. It is the internal network of the health sector of the province of Québec and administered by Québec's Ministry of Health and Social Services.
All hospitals, CLSCs, and many CHSLDs are connected together so they can share information and services.

</doc>
<doc id="2862407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862407" title="Double Team (film)">
Double Team (film)

Double Team is a 1997 American action film directed by Hong Kong director Tsui Hark in his American directorial debut, and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme, Dennis Rodman and Mickey Rourke. The film was released in the United States on April 4, 1997. Van Damme plays counter-terrorist agent Jack Quinn, who is assigned to bring an elusive terrorist known as Stavros to justice. Things become personal when Stavros kidnaps Quinn's pregnant wife after his own lover and child were killed in an assassination attempt that went awry. Aiding Quinn in his rescue is his flamboyant weapons dealer Yaz (Dennis Rodman).
A critical and commercial failure, the film was also nominated for and "won" three Golden Raspberry Awards: Worst Supporting Actor (Rodman), Worst New Star (also Rodman) and Worst Screen Couple (Rodman and Van Damme).
Plot.
Having successfully completed his final mission three years prior, which was to retrieve a truck load of plutonium stolen from a US military base in Croatia by freelance international terrorist Stavros (Rourke), government anti-terrorist agent Jack Paul Quinn (Van Damme) is relaxing by his pool in South France with Kathryn, his pregnant wife.
Quinn is approached by a government representative who tells him that Stavros, Quinn’s nemesis, has become active again and tries to convince Quinn to come out of retirement telling Quinn that he ‘can’t retire until he does’. Quinn is reluctant to return to duty but agrees after the same representative is killed by Stavros shortly after the meeting with Quinn.
Acting on intelligence received, Quinn travels to Antwerp, Belgium where he meets up with quirky arms dealer Yaz, (Rodman), who equips Quinn with weaponry and then proceeds to meet the Delta team put together to capture Stavros.
Stavros has been tracked to an amusement park but Quinn hesitates to give the order to shoot Stavros when it becomes apparent that Stavros is meeting with his six-year-old son.
Stavros exploits Quinn’s hesitation and a shootout ensues in which Stavros’ son is killed and Stavros is able to escape into a hospital, pursued by Quinn. Stavros and Quinn fight in the hospital’s maternity ward with Stavros getting away after knocking Quinn unconscious in an explosion.
Quinn wakes up on ‘The Colony’, an inescapable, invisible penal institution island for secret agents reminiscent of The Village from The Prisoner.
Quinn learns that he has been sent to the Colony due to his failure to capture Stavros, that his family has been told he was killed and that only agents considered ‘too valuable to kill but too dangerous to set free’ are committed to the institution. The occupants of the Colony are expected to help analyse terrorist threats and have to register themselves present every day using a fingerprint scanner.
Meanwhile, Kathryn receives a call from an art gallery in Rome telling her that they would like to display her sculptures and that they will fly her out immediately. When she arrives, Stavros kidnaps her.
Whilst analysing information received from a terrorist bombing, Quinn picks up a message from Stavros telling him that Stavros has captured Kathryn and so Quinn realises he must escape the Colony if he is to save her. Quinn devises a system to fool the fingerprint scanner and is able to leave the island by attaching himself to cargo due to be extracted from the island from the air.
Quinn goes to Yaz, the only man who can help him, pleading for assistance in return for access to CIA bank accounts. Yaz agrees to help and the two go to Quinn’s house where they are ambushed by Stavros’ men. After fighting the men off, Quinn receives a message from Stavros telling him that he must go to Rome for his baby’s sake.
When they arrive in Rome, Yaz learns that Quinn’s wife is pregnant after Stavros delivers a sonogram of the baby to the given rendezvous. Quinn emails Stavros encouraging him to meet in a town square, knowing that Stavros will have to take the bait.
At the meeting point, Quinn catches sight of Kathryn in a car but is intercepted by Stavros before he can reach her and a shootout occurs as Kathryn is driven away. Quinn tracks Stavros’ henchmen down to the hotel suite where Kathryn was being held and finds a clue to her whereabouts — a prescription bottle label.
Meanwhile, Kathryn is transported to hospital where she gives birth.
Using the prescription bottle and with Yaz’s help, Quinn is able to track down the hospital where he finds Kathryn but discovers that Stavros has taken his son.
Thanks to assistance from a nurse, Quinn locates Stavros and the baby in an explosives-rigged Roman amphitheater. Stavros leaves Quinn in the middle of a minefield with his son and then unleashes a tiger.
Thankfully, Yaz arrives on a motorbike and is able to snatch the baby, leaving Quinn to escape from the tiger and go after Stavros. Quinn and Stavros fight in the minefield until Stavros steps on a mine (after Yaz moved the markers) and is left stranded. Quinn, his son and Yaz run as Stavros is charged by the tiger and takes his foot off the mine, a chain reaction rips the amphitheater apart and Yaz is able to shield his friends from the ensuing blast by sheltering under a Coke dispenser. Stavros and the tiger are killed in the blast.
Production.
Filming.
"Double Team" was filmed on location in Antwerpen, Belgium, Nice and Arles, France and in Rome, Italy. Whilst the film implies that the climatic fight between Quinn and Stavros takes place in Rome's Colosseum, the scenes were actually filmed in and around the Arles Amphitheater in Southern France.
Score.
Original music for "Double Team" was composed by Gary Chang, who had previously worked on films including "The Breakfast Club" and "The Color of Money". The soundtrack includes songs by Joey Schwartz, Leareo Gianferrari and Crystal Waters featuring Dennis Rodman.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Double Team" attracted many negative reviews, holding a current score of 11% on review aggregation site, Rotten Tomatoes. Rodman's contribution as Yaz attracted particular criticism with attention being brought to the character's esoteric fashion sense, one reviewer pointing out that "his hair covers all known hues of the spectrum" and another remarking that Rodman "sticks out like a sore thumb throughout the picture". In addition, the film's plot and production was attacked by several reviewers for being unimaginative and impassive, "The New York Times" being especially savage writing that "Double Team"'s 'sets are impersonal. Actors sleepwalk. Scenes do not end, they just stop'.
Criticism was not, however, universally negative. Notably, the "Los Angeles Times" referred to "Double Team" as "one of Van Damme's best" and continued to praise both Rodman's and Rourke's performances. In addition, the film was awarded four stars out of five by boxoffice.com in a retrospective review written in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2862408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862408" title="Mentallo">
Mentallo

Mentallo (Marvin Flumm) is a fictional comic book supervillain, a mutant who appears in books published by Marvel Comics.
After having been fired for cause after attempting a covert S.H.I.E.L.D. takeover, he has since operated as both a freelance criminal and subversive and a high-ranking agent of HYDRA. He is usually depicted as using technology to increase his power.
Fictional character biography.
Marvin Flumm was born in Watford City, North Dakota. He once worked as a shoe salesman. As a mutant telepath of moderate ability, Mentallo was recruited by the original S.H.I.E.L.D. as a candidate for their ESP Division. However, he teamed with the Fixer in an attempt to take over S.H.I.E.L.D., and clashed with Nick Fury for the first time. He then served as a division leader in the HYDRA fragment led by Silvermane. Mentallo teamed with the Fixer again, and they placed Deathlok under their control. They attempted to make the U.S. President their slave, but were thwarted by the Fantastic Four. Mentallo and the Fixer were employed by HYDRA again, but Mentallo was rendered comatose by the Micronauts. In the custody of Professor Power, Mentallo battled Professor X on a psychic plane. Mentallo was captured by the Super-Adaptoid, impersonating the Fixer, but he was rescued by the Avengers.
Under the name Think Tank, he was a member of the Resistants, which was originally an incarnation of the Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. The Resistants opposed the Mutant Registration Act. As Think-Tank, he fought the then-current Captain America (John Walker). He was imprisoned, and resumed his identity as Mentallo. He started a mass breakout at the Vault. However, his powers were briefly amplified and used by Iron Man to compel the escapees to surrender. He then directed an unsuccessful attack on the Hulk and the Thing. Mentallo later attended the A.I.M. weapons exposition.
Mentallo once worked for the Red Skull and partnered with the Juggernaut in a successful attempt to brainwash the Hulk to attack the Avengers. Mentallo managed to mentally impersonate the Hulk's wife-killing father and bully him into submission.
Shortly after the events of World War Hulk, Mentallo was among the members of Hood's Crime Syndicate. He remained with them until they were defeated by the New Avengers.
Some time after, Mentallo was hired by MODOK to be part of a supervillain heist squad. Due to his psychic powers, he realised MODOK was creating a psychic illusion of money to secure everyone's loyalty, and MODOK secretly told him the "full extent" of the plans would be revealed to him, and several other villains. Mentallo quickly decided that instead he was going to sell the villain out to whoever stumped up the cash. After noticing the "Chameleon" had a telepathic shield and Spider-Man's powers and Spider-Sense, he went to him offering to betray MODOK's plans to the Avengers for cash. Unfortunately for Mentallo, it wasn't Spider-Man at all but A.I.M.'s Ultra-Adaptoid which incinerated him to protect its cover. He was presumed dead, but Mentallo was revealed to be alive when he appeared at Ryker's Island to inform the Fantastic Four and S.H.I.E.L.D. about the New Defenders.
In Secret Invasion, a person who look likes Mentallo appears as part of the Hood's alliance with super-powered heroes. The group is intent on defeating the Skrull invasion force of New York City. He was later seen, during an attack on the New Avengers.
During the Heroic Age, Mentallo once again encountered the Avengers. He attempted to control the mind of Reptil, who transformed himself into a dinosaur, with Mentallo unable to control the reptillian mind. Reptil was unable to control himself either, and Mentallo was badly savaged as a result.
Mentallo psychically enslaved the Kaiju monsters of Monster Island on behalf of the Roxxon Corporation (who attempted to seize control of the Island in order to drill for oil). He was stopped and defeated by the X-Men, after he double-crossed Roxxon and tried to flee with his professional fee of a billion dollars. While attempting to flee, one of the giant monsters dropped a cargo hold directly on top of him, which contained the entire billion dollars in cash.
Mentallo later appears as part of the new High Council of A.I.M. (consisting of Andrew Forson, Graviton, Jude the Entropic Man, Superia, Yelena Belova, and an undercover Taskmaster) as the Minister of Public Affairs.
Powers and abilities.
Mentallo is a mutant with limited psionic powers which can be augmented through scientific means often provided by the Fixer. Mentallo has telepathy and can read the thought of any human mind within an approximate five mile (8 km) radius. He has the ability to project "mental bolts" at opponents, create psionic screens to protect himself from psionic assault, control the bodies and minds of other humans, communicate telepathically and cast mental illusions. Mentallo has difficulty focusing his powers on moving targets. He is unusually vulnerable to psionic attack unless he erects a mental screen.
Mentallo wears a modified S.H.I.E.L.D. battle-suit. He has used various weaponry, including conventional firearms, rocket-guns, and a "sonic whammer" which projects intense vibratory blasts. He usually wears a special helmet to protect him against telepathic feedback, background noise and psionic assault from other telepaths. Fixer has supplied him with "electronic masks" (or "servo-pods") which adhere to victims' faces and places them under Mentallo's control. Fixer's "mentascope" enables Mentallo to use his psionic power to locate and attack victims from afar. Mentallo is cabable of flight via Fixer's "anti-grav propellant unit" or "flying discs" and a tank that can bore its way through the ground.
Mentallo also has the ability to send out mental probes to identify the shape and size of objects in his near vicinity, effectively creating some type of radar-sense. He can even locate invisible and intangible objects this way.
As the Resistants member Think Tank, he rode within a small tread-propelled vehicle in which he sat, with his upper body and head still exposed. This tank unit was armed with a wide range of weapons — machine guns, metal grappler arms etc. — which Mentallo directly controlled with his telepathic ability and a special interface helmet.
Other versions.
House of M.
In the "House of M" reality, Mentallo (alongside Arclight and Wild Child) is a member of the Red Guard that was positioned in Australia to serve Exodus.
Ultimate Marvel.
The Ultimate Marvel incarnation of Marvin Flumm is an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. introduced in "".
After the Maker (Reed Richards) launched a nuclear attack on Washington, D.C. that killed the President and almost the whole cabinet, a new civil war started while he replaced Nick Fury as S.H.I.E.L.D. Director and ordered to bring the Ultimates in. When Captain America (Steve Rogers) is elected President by the majority of the population, Flumm tried to kill the new President under orders from Mr. Morez (aka Modi) but fails and is subsequently fired from his S.H.I.E.L.D. position and replaced by the Black Widow (Monica Chang).

</doc>
<doc id="2862425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862425" title="Movable nu">
Movable nu

In Ancient Greek grammar, movable nu or movable N ( "nû ephelkystikón", literally "nu dragged onto" or "attracted to") is a letter nu (written ν; the Greek equivalent of the letter "n") placed on the end of some grammatical forms in Attic or Ionic Greek. It is used to avoid two vowels in a row (hiatus) and to create a long syllable in poetic meter.
Grammatical forms.
Movable nu may appear at the end of certain forms of verbs, nouns, and adjectives. In grammatical paradigms, it is usually written with a parenthesis to indicate that it is optional.
Usage.
Movable nu is used before words starting in a vowel to prevent hiatus.
It is omitted before consonants.
It is often used at the end of clauses or verses.
Sources.
Herbert Weir Smyth, "A Greek Grammar", par. 134.

</doc>
<doc id="2862426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862426" title="Bush on the Couch">
Bush on the Couch

Bush on the Couch: Inside the Mind of a President is a 2004 book by psychoanalyst Justin A. Frank. The central premise of Frank's book is that President George W. Bush displays signs of poor mental health which makes him ill-suited to rule the United States. Frank suggests Bush suffers from megalomania, that he is probably incapable of true compassion and shows signs of sadism, and that as an untreated alcoholic, is in constant danger of a relapse. Further, in Frank's opinion, Bush manifests the symptoms of a "dry drunk", principally irritability, judgmentalism and a rigid, inflexible world view. Frank also analyses, among other things, Bush’s tendency to mix up his metaphors and concludes Bush has substantial problems with abstract, flexible thinking.
An updated version of the book was released in October 2007, including a new introduction and a new afterword.
Critical analysis of the book.
"Bush on the Couch" has received endorsements from such distinguished professors of psychiatry as Irvin Yalom of Stanford University and James Grotstein (UCLA), who calls it a "remarkable – and frightening – piece of careful scholarship."
Frank's book also has its detractors. Writing for the conservative magaize The Weekly Standard! Irwin Savodnik, a psychiatrist who teaches at the University of California, Los Angeles, described Frank's book as a "psychoanalytic hatchet job" and said that "there is not an ounce of psychoanalytic material in the entire book."
The code of the American Psychiatric Association, of which Frank is not a current member, states that "it is unethical for a psychiatrist to offer a professional opinion unless he or she has conducted an examination and has been granted proper authorization for such a statement." 
Although Frank had in the past written for "Salon.com", the online magazine reviewed the book unfavorably, arguing that it included "dubious theories" and that Frank had failed in his avowed intention to distinguish his partisan opinions from his psychoanalytic evaluation of Bush's character.
However, in interviews Frank freely admits his partisan affiliation, but claims his book is in a tradition of psychological assessments of leaders frequently undertaken, for example, by the CIA. Frank also claims that some of his readers have reacted to his book by gaining increased sympathy for Bush; for example, Joan Baez admitted this to Frank.
Impact.
Frank's book "Bush on the Couch: Inside the Mind of the President" was extensively quoted from by Fidel Castro in his annual speech in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2862434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862434" title="Kanangra Falls">
Kanangra Falls

Kanangra Falls is a waterfall on the Kanangra River, in the Kanangra-Boyd National Park, near , in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia. The waterfall is located at Thurat Walls about north east of Ianthe Hill; with the fall height reported in 1930 as being in two sections.
Kanangra Falls is popular with canyoning and abseiling groups, although this type of activity is often not permitted due to safety concerns.

</doc>
<doc id="2862438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862438" title="Maastunnel">
Maastunnel

The Maastunnel is a tunnel in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, connecting the banks of the Nieuwe Maas. About 75,000 motor vehicles and a large number cyclists and pedestrians use the tunnel daily, making the Maastunnel an important part of Rotterdam's road network. Building commenced in 1937 and finished in 1942. There was no official opening ceremony, but the Dutch held an unofficial opening ceremony in secret without Nazi participation.
Construction of the tunnel was preceded by years of animated discussions. Although there was agreement as to the need for a new permanent connection between the two banks of the Maas river, there was lack of agreement as to whether it should be a bridge or a tunnel. A tunnel proved to be more attractive financially than a bridge, largely because of the great height a bridge would have needed to avoid hindering the passage of ships from the port of Rotterdam, the largest port in Europe.
The Maastunnel was built using the sunken tube or immersed tube method. Separate parts of the Maastunnel were built elsewhere in a dry dock, and then floated into place and sunk into a trench dug in the river bottom, a technique used in many other Dutch tunnels after the Maastunnel. The Maastunnel was the world's first rectangular shaped underwater tunnel built in this way. Earlier tunnels were all of a circulair design. Each of the nine parts of the tunnel has a length of over 60 metres, a height of 9 metres and a width of 25 metres. They contain two adjacent tubes for motorised traffic, and two piled tubes for mopeds, cyclists and pedestrians next to it (accessible by escalator). At one time there was a laboratory in one of the ventilation buildings to examine the air quality in the tunnel.
The Maastunnel was opened to the public on 14 February 1942 and was the first car tunnel in the Netherlands. At the end of the Second World War overhead lines were installed to allow for the passage of trolleybuses. Although two buses were ready for these experimental rides, they were never used for public transportation in Rotterdam, as the overhead lines were removed from the tunnel and used to repair the Rotterdam tramway network overhead lines which had been destroyed during the bombing. In 1944 the German invaders placed explosives in the tunnel so they could destroy it at a moment's notice. Perhaps due to the sabotage of the detonators (the overhead lines) by the Dutch resistance the explosives were not detonated.
The length of the Maastunnel is 1373 metres (including access roads). The underground part is 1070 metres long. The lowest point of the tunnel is approximately 20 meters below sealevel. Above ground, the tunnel's location can be recognized by its characteristic ventilation buildings on both sides of the river. It can be seen from the nearby Euromast tower as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2862446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862446" title="Travis Carter">
Travis Carter

Travis Carter is a former car owner and crew chief in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series. He served as crew chief for two decades, winning championships with Benny Parsons and Cale Yarborough in 1973 and 1978, respectively. Carter was the winning crew chief when Parsons won the 1975 Daytona 500. He owned Travis Carter Motorsports from 1970 to 2003. He is the uncle of NASCAR crew chief Larry Carter.

</doc>
<doc id="2862452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862452" title="Expreszo">
Expreszo

Expreszo is the only magazine for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth in the Netherlands and Flanders. 
The philosophy.
The name "Expreszo" does not refer to espresso. It is a combination of two Dutch words, "Expres" and "Zo" which would roughly be translated into English as "On Purpose Like This". The name refers to the questions gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender youths are confronted with when they decide to be open about their sexual identity. The "Expreszo" staff claim that there is no need for questions since there already are answers, saying "we're young, we're queer and there is nothing bad about that". This positive attitude from some gay and lesbian youths needed to be shared with other members of their generation who still struggled with their sexual identity.
The magazine "Expreszo" claims to give the readers the role models that they lack in daily life. The editors also write about serious issues. Coming out of the closet is a continuing story — and unfortunately HIV/AIDS is too. Besides that, while legal emancipation has come to a good ending in civil marriage and adoption rights for gays and lesbians in The Netherlands (2001) and Belgium (2003) and things have changed in society, intolerance from other (religious) minority groups towards gays and lesbians is still a big issue in The Netherlands.
"Expreszo" ran a poster campaign ("Aisha is Cool" / "Ahmed is Cool", 2004) with kissing Muslim boys and girls that got a lot of media attention.
In order to get attention for the position of gay youth in highschools "Expreszo" (in co-operation with COC Netherlands) ran a project "PinkQuest", resulting in a magazine "Put da Cool back into School", distributed in most high schools in the country. Dutch MPs asked questions about the publication, which was co-funded by the Dutch Ministry of Education, Culture and Science, since a lot of "black" and Christian schools refused to hand out the magazine to their students.
About the publisher and editors.
"Expreszo" is claimed to be made for, and made by young people and for this reason staff turnover is frequent. Over forty staff members are involved in making the magazine, maintaining the website, and running the organization. This includes editors, desktop publishers, photographers, and other staff members. In spite of being a purely volunteer organization they claim to have reached a professional standard.
In 1991, 1995 and 2001 the lack of funds seriously threatened the magazine in its existence. In 1995 the publisher, the Stichting Hoezo (Foundation), joined COC Netherlands, the largest lesbian and gay association in the Netherlands. COC boardmembers from 1995 formed the board of Hoezo/Expreszo and COC Netherlands started funding the magazine from 1995 until 2001. A benefit/rescue party in December 2001 gave new energy to the editorial staff. COC funding stopped, but with a new format (e.g. size, full color) the board and staff managed to boost sales and advertisement. For the first time "Expreszo" started making a profit.
A statute ensures that the editorial staff of "Expreszo" is independent in their writing (independent from COC).

</doc>
<doc id="2862476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2862476" title="Nicky Robinson (rugby union)">
Nicky Robinson (rugby union)

Nicholas John Robinson (born 3 January 1982 in Cardiff) is a Wales international rugby union footballer who plays at fly-half.
He is the younger brother of Jamie Robinson. Both were educated at Ysgol Glantaf which has recently educated several Wales internationals and Cardiff-based players.
Nick is one of European rugby's leading fly-halves and he has amassed nearly 1,500 points to date in club rugby for his three professional sides - Cardiff Blues, Gloucester Rugby and London Wasps.
A left-footed fly-half, Nick is famous for his exciting running game as well as his long-range goal-kicking ability
In May 2009 he joined Gloucester Rugby from Cardiff Blues on a three year contract.
He played a central role as Cardiff Blues thrashed Gloucester in the Anglo-Welsh Cup Final at Twickenham earlier that year.
In his two seasons at Gloucester Nick was a model of consistency for the English Premiership side, making 60 appearances and scoring in excess of 500 points as Gloucester reached the Anglo-Welsh Cup Final in 2010 (where they lost to Northampton Saints), the Anglo-Welsh Cup Final again in 2011 - where Nick was named man-of-the-match as Gloucester overcame Newcastle Falcons - and the Premiership play-off semi-finals, where a late try from Nick wasn't enough as Gloucester went down 12-10 to eventual winners Saracens.
In February 2011 it was announced he would be joining London Wasps from Gloucester Rugby on a two year contract., teaming up again with former Cardiff Blues coach Dai Young.
Despite 2011/2012 being a difficult season for Wasps off the field, on it Nick was a virtual ever-present in the starting line-up, scoring 230 points in 25 appearances as the club reached the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup.
On 21 February 2013, Robinson signed for Bristol Rugby in the RFU Championship and will play for them from the 2013/14 season.

</doc>
