<doc id="2917300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917300" title="Shaker Loops">
Shaker Loops

Shaker Loops is a 1978 composition by American composer John Adams, originally written for string septet. A version for string orchestra followed in 1983 and first performed in April of that year at Alice Tully Hall, New York, by the American Composers Orchestra conducted by Michael Tilson Thomas.
The original "modular" score, published by Associated Music Publisher, has since been withdrawn and replaced by the 1983 "string orchestra" version. The "string orchestra" version can be played either by a septet of soloists or by a string orchestra of any size.
The work is in four movements.
History.
"Shaker Loops" began as a piece called 'Wavemaker' in which Adams tried to emulate the ripple effect of bodies of water in his music. The piece was a commercial failure, but Adams kept the idea of repeating loops of oscillations on string instruments. He retitled the piece 'Shaker Loops,' both because of the 'shaking' of the strings as they oscillate between notes and the idea Adams had of Shakers dancing to repetitive, energetic music.
Recordings.
Several recordings of the string orchestra version have been released on CD, including one by Edo de Waart and the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra for Philips Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2917312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917312" title="Michael Healey">
Michael Healey

Michael Healey is a Canadian playwright and actor. He graduated from the acting programme at Toronto's Ryerson Theatre School in 1985. His acting credits include the plays of Jason Sherman ("The League of Nathans", "Reading Hebron" and "Three in the Back, Two in the Head") and George F. Walker ("The End of Civilization", "Better Living").
Playwright.
His plays include "The Drawer Boy", "Plan B" and "Rune Arlidge".
"The Drawer Boy" has received international acclaim and productions all over the world, most notably by Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre Company, and earned Healey the 1999 Governor General's Award for Drama. According to the "Wall Street Journal", it was the fourth most-produced play in the United States during the first decade of the 21st century. Healey is a former writer-in-residence at Tarragon Theatre and a star of "This Is Wonderland".
With his play "Generous", in 2007 Healey won Canada's leading theatre awards, the Dora Mavor Moore Award for "Best New Play". The European premiere of "Generous" was presented at London's Finborough Theatre in August 2009. The Australian premiere of "Generous" was presented at Melbourne's Chapel-off-Chapel by PMD productions in June 2010.
Actor.
Michael Healey has several TV acting credits, including a regular role as lawyer "James Ryder "on the CBC comedy-drama "This Is Wonderland".

</doc>
<doc id="2917315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917315" title="Adina Mandlová">
Adina Mandlová

Adina Mandlová (28 January 1910, Mladá Boleslav – 16 June 1991 Příbram, Czechoslovakia) was a Czech actress, sex-symbol of the 1930s and a European movie star.
The most controversial, involved in a lot of scandals, drinking alcohol, undertaking love affairs and then almost lynched... Adina Mandlová is a legend. According to one source, her true first name was Jarmila, but she had more front names and later she chose Adina, probably because it was chosen by her father for his favourite child. She was born in Mladá Boleslav and after her father died when Adina was only 7 years old, she grew up in an unstable family. After changing several schools, she eventually became a model girl. Her film career started in 1932 thanks to a second-rate movie "Děvčátko, neříkej ne!" (Girl, don't say no!), where she performed...a model girl. Later she attracted Hugo Haas, who began to keep close company with her and (later moved together as partners) and recommended her to respected directors like Vávra or Frič. By the way, at that time she refused a role in Machatý's scandalous movie "Extáze" (Extasis, 1933), which was probably her life's fault, because the performer of the title role, [Hedy Kiesler, later succeeded in Hollywood as Hedy Lamarre. However, during a short time Mandlová became an unofficial Number One among Czech actresses. The top of her career was "Kristián" (1939). I can also name "Panenství" (Virginhood, 1937), "Mravnost nade vše" (Morality Above All, 1937), "Přítelkyně pana ministra" (A girlfriend of the minister, 1940), "Těžký život dobrodruha" (A hard life of an adventurer, 1941), "Noční motýl" (The Night Butterfly, 1941) etc. During the WW II Mandlová led a wild life and rumours about her scandals caused a growing aversion against her. For example, there was a rumour that she was a mistress of the German protector K. H. Frank (which was not true, and Frank disliked her because of it.). She was also invited to Germany, where Goebbels promised her big career, under condition that she chose a better pseudonym. Indeed, in 1943 Mandlová co-starred with German actor Heinz Rühmann in the movie, "Ich vertraue dir meine Frau an," using the screen name of Lil Adina. However, her stay in Berlin soon ended due to Frank's intrigues. After the end of the war it showed that popular "rumours" concerning her alleged contacts with Nazis were malicious fabrications and she actually helped her former boyfriend, who had escaped from a concentration camp. However, the public demand for her punishment was stronger than facts. In May 1945 she was arrested and according to her own memoirs, one warder, who was her big fan, saved her from lynching in the front of the prison. (That she can really thank him a lot can be illustrated by the fact that director Jan Sviták, an alleged Nazi quisling, was then lynched and subsequently shot death in a Prague street.) Then she was strongly persecuted and eventually married British pilot Joe Knight, which enabled her to emigrate to the Great Britain (1947). Here she tried to continue in her film career, but with changeable success. In 1948 she acted in a movie The Fool And The Princess, but that was practically everything, because soon after she was taken ill with tuberculosis and healed in Switzerland. Her marriage crashed and Mandlová was forced to earn money by different ways, among other things as a collaborator of a costume designer Ben Pearson, whom she later married. In the end, she lived in Malta together with her husband. Here she also wrote a bitter biography Dnes se tomu směju (Today I Am Laughing Over It, 1976). In 1991, she returned home after 45 years. Here the "old, sick and impatient lady" came to die. Despite the negative picture surrounding her figure, she was an excellent actress.
Most important roles

</doc>
<doc id="2917327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917327" title="Hasso von Boehmer">
Hasso von Boehmer

Hasso von Boehmer (9 August 1904 – 5 March 1945) was a German Lieutenant Colonel on the General Staff and one of the July 20 Plotters.
Hasso von Boehmer belonged to Infantry Regiment 9 (I.R. 9) from Potsdam, from which also came many of the other plotters. They served, among others, Major General Henning von Tresckow and Fritz-Dietlof von der Schulenburg in the regiment. All together, I.R. 9 supplied more plotters for the attempted assassination of German dictator Adolf Hitler and abortive coup d'état than any other regiment in the Wehrmacht.
Hasso von Boehmer was won over to the plotters' cause by Tresckow, and he placed himself at their disposal as a liaison officer in the "Wehrkreis" ("Defence District") XX (Danzig – Gdańsk, Poland). On the day of the attempt on Hitler's life at the Wolf's Lair in East Prussia, Hasso von Boehmer was accepting all the plotters' teleprinter messages which were reaching him from Berlin. After the news spread that Hitler had survived the attempt on his life, Hasso von Boehmer was arrested the very same day and taken to the prison on Lehrter Straße in Berlin. Owing to an illness, he ended up in the clinic in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
On 5 March 1945, the German "People's Court" ("Volksgerichtshof") sentenced him to death for his part in the July 20 Plot. He was put to death the same day at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2917328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917328" title="Allendale, Indiana">
Allendale, Indiana

Allendale is an unincorporated community in south central Vigo County, Indiana, in Honey Creek Township. It is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Allendale, built into a bluff overlooking Honey Creek, is known for its winding roads, heavily wooded lots, deep ravines and large upper and upper-middle class houses. Most of the architect-designed homes date from the 1920s to 1960s and display a range of styles -- Prairie School, Arts & Crafts, Jacobean Revival, Colonial Revival, Cotswold Cottage, Mission Revival, Cape Cod, Split-Level and Ranch. Allendale adjoins the Terre Haute Country Club; a private, non-profit, member-owned 18-hole golf course started in 1898. A Carmelite Monastery, "The Carmel of St. Joseph", was founded in Allendale in 1947. The modern chapel was completed in 1970.
Allendale was once part of a farm owned by industrialist William P. Ijams and his wife, Sallie Warren Ijams. "Warren Park Farm" included a 100-horse stable. In 1889, a syndicate headed by Ijams bought Axtell, a world record setting harness racing stallion, for $105,000. It was the highest price ever paid for a horse at the time. The Ijams' son, Frank B. Ijams, commissioned New York architect H.T. Lindeberg, a student of Stanford White, to build a Jacobean Revival mansion in Allendale in 1929.
Another former Allendale resident was Chapman S. Root, who owned the Root Glass Company of Terre Haute. Root Glass designed and patented the famous Coca-Cola contour bottle. Root's Allendale estate, "Rocky Edge", included a party house with an indoor swimming pool, greenhouse, bar and ballroom.
Allendale was also the home of distiller, Fred B. Smith. After establishing a successful distillery in Nebraska, Smith relocated to Terre Haute in 1895 and organized the Indiana Distilling Co. and later managed the 6-story Majestic Distillery, one of the world’s largest, with a capacity of 60,000 gallons a day. In 1898 Smith founded the Merchants Distilling Co. The gardens of Fred B. Smith's Prairie School mansion in Allendale were designed by the Danish-born landscape architect, Jens Jensen, and included a reflection pool and 'long view' meadow. After the 18th Amendment to the Constitution was ratified prohibiting the sale, manufacture, and transportation of alcohol, Smith closed the distillery and sold his Allendale estate, valued at $200,000, to the Indiana Knights of Columbus for $75,000 in 1921. The Knights of Columbus established the Gibault School for Boys on the property.
Allendale was also the location of the "Allendale Lodge"—a rustic stone and wooden structure with a large fireplace and screened porch. The lodge was built by Indiana State University with the help of the National Youth Administration in 1939. Indiana State University paid for the cost of the building materials and college students provided the labor. Indiana State University sold the Allendale Lodge and surrounding property to the Carmelites in 1997.
Allendale was originally outside of Terre Haute, but retail expansion south of the city has encroached on the area. The population is about 250.

</doc>
<doc id="2917346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917346" title="Hair of the Dog (album)">
Hair of the Dog (album)

Hair of the Dog is the sixth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth, released in 1975. The album was recorded at Escape Studios, Kent, with additional recording and mixing at AIR Studios, London, and is the band's biggest selling album, having sold two million copies worldwide.
After three albums with Deep Purple's Roger Glover producing, Manny Charlton stepped into that position, one he filled for several subsequent albums.
It was Nazareth's first big hit album (aside from the minor success of "Razamanaz"), including classics such as the title track, "Love Hurts" (on the US version, but not the Canadian/European, it replaced the original "Guilty"), "Beggars Day" and "Please Don't Judas Me".
The album title is often considered to be a shortened form of the phrase describing a folk hangover cure, ""the hair of the dog that bit you"". However, according to Dan McCafferty, the title is a play on "heir of the dog", i.e. a "son of a bitch". This was the title the band had intended for the album, but the label did not approve and had the name changed. 
The remastered compact disc, first released in the mid-1990s, features bonus tracks.
Track listing.
Bonus track information.
The remastered editions include both "Guilty" (track 3) and "Love Hurts" (track 8) plus the following bonus tracks:
Salvo Records Remaster Bonus Tracks.
Salvo Records released a version in 2010 with the following bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="2917369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917369" title="Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

The Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario ran a full slate of candidates in the 1999 provincial election, and elected 59 members in 103 constituencies to win a majority government. Many of these candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
Chris Loreto (Trinity—Spadina).
Loreto was a 22-year-old political science student at the University of Toronto during the election. He was a New Democratic Party supporter and election worker before 1993, when he joined the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada ("Toronto Star", 7 May 1999). He received 7,323 votes (20.50%), finishing third against New Democratic Party incumbent Rosario Marchese.
Loreto later worked in the office of the provincial Attorney-General ("Canada NewsWire", 2 March 2001, 17:24 report). He is now a director of the Conservative Party of Canada party association in Etobicoke—Lakeshore.[http://www.etobicokelakeshore.ca/About%20Us.html] During the 2006 federal election, he complained that aboriginal issues were not being addressed ("Toronto Star", 7 January 2006).
Michael C. Rohrer (Windsor—St. Clair).
Rohrer was 28 years old at the time of the 1999 election ("Windsor Star", 1 June 1999). He holds a Bachelor of Arts in political science degree from the University of Windsor. He owned a lawn care business while in university ("Windsor Star", 3 June 1995), and was named to the Appraisal Institute of Canada in 1994. 
He attended the federal Progressive Conservative Party's leadership convention in 1993, and was a vocal opponent of Kim Campbell's leadership bid. At the time, Windsor lawyer and prominent organizer Tory Bruck Easton was described by the local press as Rohrer's political mentor ("Windsor Star", 11 May 1995).
Rohrer contested in Windsor—Walkerville in the 1995 provincial election and received 3,610 votes (14.50%), finishing third against Liberal candidate Dwight Duncan. He worked as a political staffer to the Progressive Conservative caucus from 1995 to 1998, before returning to Windsor to work as a professional real estate appraiser. 
In 1999, he received 7,241 votes (18.78%) in the redistributed Windsor—St. Clair constituency. He again finished third against Duncan. Rohrer supported Tom Long's bid to lead the Canadian Alliance in 2000, and was co-chair of Long's campaign organization in Essex County and Chatham-Kent ("Windsor Star", 12 May 2000).
He was appointed to the Ontario Assessment Review Board in 2000 by the Progressive Conservative government of Mike Harris.[http://web.archive.org/web/20010708122736/http://www.ontla.on.ca/hansard/37_parl/session1/Committees/agencies/a015.htm]
In 2004, Rohrer wrote a letter to the "Windsor Star" in which he criticized Bruck Easton for refusing to support the newly formed Conservative Party of Canada. He described Easton as a "former friend" ("Windsor Star", 19 June 2004).
David McCamon (Windsor West).
McCamon was a 33-year-old Ford Motor Company autoworker in Windsor at the time of the election. He had previously done organization work for the Reform Party of Canada ("Windsor Star", 6 May 1999). 
When the results were announced, he commented, "This whole election has gone exactly as I expected. We have a PC majority with a LIberal in Windsor-West. It's not a surprise, it's not a disappointment. I think we did the best campaign we could with the money and resources we had" ("Windsor Star", 4 June 1999).
McCamon sought a federal Canadian Alliance nomination in 2000, but was defeated. He was appointed to the Windsor Police Services Board in 2002, and served until 2004 ("Windsor Star", 29 November 2002 and 30 November 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="2917378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917378" title="Neolamprologus brichardi">
Neolamprologus brichardi

Neolamprologus brichardi is a species of cichlid endemic to the alkaline waters of Lake Tanganyika in east Africa. It is a popular aquarium fish kept in the fishkeeping hobby, where it is known under a variety of common names including Princess cichlid, Princess of Burundi, Lyretail cichlid, Fairy cichlid and Brichard's Lamprologus. In addition, the species is also the subject of numerous studies on fish behaviour.
"N. brichardi" is notable in a number of ways. This fish is a substrate spawner (lays eggs on substrate), utilizing the rocky rubble to do so. It is one of the few substrate-spawning cichlid that also schools. It is not unheard of to find a school numbering near 100,000 individuals within a 50 m square area. It is one of the few fish in Africa that utilizes a collective nursery. This means that adults, sub-adults, and even half-grown fry all participate in a multi-generational rearing of the fry. "N. brichardi" individuals not only care for their own fry but also the fry of those around them, all while keeping vigil over other adults still actively spawning. This is similar to the cooperative breeding system of a related species of cichlid, Neolamprologus pulcher, in that N. pulcher individuals will care for the offspring of others.
"N. brichardi" specializes on feeding from the rocky biocover, picking at small crustaceans and invertebrates. It will also feed on swarms of plankton when available.
In the aquarium, specimens of brichardi have been known to grow to 150 mm (6"), including the filaments on the tail. This is one of the easiest Tanganyikans to keep, and indeed to breed, and a true beginner's fish. The fish will begin to breed in the aquarium as early as 5 cm (2"). They aren’t particularly choosy in selecting spawning mediums, and are known to spawn in rockwork, conch and welch shells, and inverted flower pots. As in the wild, the parents will allow many generations of fry to stay within the territory, and indeed these fry will assist the parents in guarding the younger fry. 
A very important item to consider in selecting brichardi for an aquarium is to be mindful of how protective this fish is in defending its fry. They have been known to have spawns numbering more than 100 fry at a time. It is not at all unheard of for a single pair of brichardi to take over a mixed tank of Tanganyikans, even as large as a 120 cm (4 ft), 75-gallon aquarium. As they tend to pair off earlier than most other Tanganyikans, this becomes quite a common occurrence, with all of the other fish either huddled in the top corner, with some degree of damage, and often dead. They breed prolifically in optimal tank conditions but as the fry increase in number after many months they have been known to eat young fry to make room for more.
The best method for keeping "Neolamprologus brichardi" is in a species-only tank. A tank as small as 15 gallons can be utilized, though between 20 and 35 gallons would be more appropriate. By keeping this fish on its own, not only do you limit the chance they will eliminate their tankmates, but their graceful finnage will likely grow better. 
That is not to say that it is impossible to keep this fish with other Tanganyikans, but one must be careful in selecting tankmates, and the aquarium should be at least 90 cm long (36"), with a 120 cm (48") tank being preferable. Some commonly available fish that should be compatible would include: Neolamprologus leleupi, cylindricus; Altolamprologus calvus, compressiceps; Julidochromis marlieri or regani. 
There is, however, a bit of a secret to making this work. Any other tankmates must be much larger than the brichardi to begin with and they must establish their territory in the aquarium first. Purchasing an adult pair of calvus and juvenile brichardi would be an example of a situation that would normally work out. There is one important caveat: in a tank of less than 120 cm (48") you would be limited to two pairs of fish when including brichardi in the mix, though this may not even be successful. 
Keeping "N. brichardi" with Malawian or Victorian cichlids or with Tanganyikan shell dwellers can cause problems. In a 180 cm (6 ft) aquarium it may be possible to house "N. brichardi" with many fish that you would not otherwise be able to do. Even in a large tank it is not very easy to pull off, and you must know how to build territories that will limit where certain species of fish will go. 
In the aquarium, this fish will readily accept prepared foods, such as cichlid pellets, and flake food, but it is recommended to supplement this diet with brine shrimp, mysis shrimp or Cyclops.

</doc>
<doc id="2917388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917388" title="Andy Narell">
Andy Narell

Andy Narell (born March 18, 1954 in New York City, US) is a musician and composer specialized in the steelpan.
Biography.
He was born in New York City and moved to California in his teens. He took up the steelpan at a very young age in Queens, New York. His father Murray Narell was a social worker who invited Ellie Mannette to bring steel pan to New York city in an attempt to get kids off the streets, out of gangs, and into steelbands. 
Narell studied music at the University of California, Berkeley, and played piano with the University of California Jazz Ensembles under the direction of Dr. David W. Tucker. He was graduated in 1973.
He has performed with the Caribbean Jazz Project, Montreux, Sakésho, and Béla Fleck and the Flecktones. He additionally composed and arranged music for Trinidad's national steelband competition Panorama. Narell also performed in South Africa in 1999 in front of a crowd of 80,000 people.
He has a brother Jeff Narell, who is a pan player with his own style and records. He has two children, Isaac Narell and Mia Narell.

</doc>
<doc id="2917407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917407" title="Diesel particulate filter">
Diesel particulate filter

A diesel particulate filter (or DPF) is a device designed to remove diesel particulate matter or soot from the exhaust gas of a diesel engine. Wall-flow diesel particulate filters usually remove 85% or more of the soot, and under certain conditions can attain soot removal efficiencies approaching 100%. Some filters are single-use, intended for disposal and replacement once full of accumulated ash. Others are designed to burn off the accumulated particulate either passively through the use of a catalyst or by active means such as a fuel burner which heats the filter to soot combustion temperatures. This is accomplished by engine programming to run (when the filter is full) in a manner that elevates exhaust temperature or produces high amounts of NOx to oxidize the accumulated ash, or through other methods. This is known as "filter regeneration". Cleaning is also required as part of periodic maintenance, and it must be done carefully to avoid damaging the filter. Failure of fuel injectors or turbochargers resulting in contamination of the filter with raw diesel or engine oil can also necessitate cleaning. The regeneration process occurs at road speeds higher than can generally be attained on city streets; vehicles driven exclusively at low speeds in urban traffic can require periodic trips at higher speeds to clean out the DPF. If the driver ignores the warning light and waits too long to operate the vehicle above , the DPF may not regenerate properly, and continued operation past that point may spoil the DPF completely so it must be replaced. Some newer diesel engines, namely those installed in combination vehicles, can also perform what is called a Parked Regeneration, where the engine increases RPM to around 1400 while parked, to increase the temperature of the exhaust.
History.
Diesel engines produce a variety of particles during combustion of the fuel/air mix due to incomplete combustion. The composition of the particles varies widely dependent upon engine type, age, and the emissions specification that the engine was designed to meet. Two-stroke diesel engines produce more particulate per unit of power than do four-stroke diesel engines, as they burn the fuel-air mix less completely. 
Diesel particulate matter resulting from the incomplete combustion of diesel fuel produces soot (back carbon) particles. These particles include tiny nanoparticles -- smaller than a thousandth of a millimeter (one micron). Soot and other particles from diesel engines worsen the particulate matter pollution in the air and are harmful to health. 
New particulate filters can capture from 30% to greater than 95% of the harmful soot. With an optimal diesel particulate filter (DPF), soot emissions may be decreased to 0.001 g / km or less.
The quality of the fuel also influences the formation of these particles. For example, a high sulfur content diesel produces more particles. Lower sulfur fuel produces fewer particles, and allows use of particulate filters. The injection pressure of diesel also influences the formation of fine particles. 
Particulate filters have been in use on non-road machines since 1980, and in automobiles since 1985. Historically medium and heavy duty diesel engine emissions were not regulated until 1987 when the first California Heavy Truck rule was introduced capping particulate emissions at 0.60 g/BHP Hour. Since then, progressively tighter standards have been introduced for light- and heavy-duty roadgoing diesel-powered vehicles and for off-road diesel engines. Similar regulations have also been adopted by the European Union and some individual European countries, most Asian countries, and the rest of North and South America. 
While no jurisdiction has explicitly made filters mandatory, the increasingly stringent emissions regulations that engine manufactures must meet mean that eventually all on-road diesel engines will be fitted with them. In the European Union, filters are expected to be necessary to meet the Euro.VI heavy truck engine emissions regulations currently under discussion and planned for the 2012-2013 time frame. In 2000, in anticipation of the future Euro V regulations PSA Peugeot Citroën became the first company to make filters standard on passenger cars. 
As of December 2008 the California Air Resources Board (CARB) established the 2008 California Statewide Truck and Bus Rule which—with variance according to vehicle type, size and usage—require that on-road diesel heavy trucks and buses in California be retrofitted, repowered, or replaced to reduce particulate matter (PM) emissions by at least 85%. Retrofitting the engines with CARB-approved diesel particulate filters is one way to fulfill this requirement. In 2009 the "American Recovery and Reinvestment Act" provided funding to assist owners in offsetting the cost of diesel retrofits for their vehicles. Other jurisdictions have also launched retrofit programs, including:
Inadequately maintained particulate filters on vehicles with diesel engines are prone to soot buildup, which can cause engine problems due to high back pressure.
Variants of DPFs.
Unlike a catalytic converter which is a flow-through device, a DPF retains bigger exhaust gas particules by forcing the gas to flow through the filter; however, the DPF does not retain small particles and maintenance-free DPFs break larger particles into smaller ones. There are a variety of diesel particulate filter technologies on the market. Each is designed around similar requirements:
Cordierite wall flow filters.
The most common filter is made of cordierite (a ceramic material that is also used as catalytic converter supports (cores)). Cordierite filters provide excellent filtration efficiency, are (relatively) inexpensive, and have thermal properties that make packaging them for installation in the vehicle simple. The major drawback is that cordierite has a relatively low melting point (about 1200 °C) and cordierite substrates have been known to melt during filter regeneration. This is mostly an issue if the filter has become loaded more heavily than usual, and is more of an issue with passive systems than with active systems, unless there is a system break down.
Cordierite filter cores look like catalytic converter cores that have had alternate channels plugged - the plugs force the exhaust gas flow through the wall and the particulate collects on the inlet face.
Silicon carbide wall flow filters.
The second most popular filter material is silicon carbide, or SiC. It has a higher (2700 °C) melting point than cordierite, however it is not as stable thermally, making packaging an issue. Small SiC cores are made of single pieces, while larger cores are made in segments, which are separated by a special cement so that heat expansion of the core will be taken up by the cement, and not the package. SiC cores are usually more expensive than cordierite cores, however they are manufactured in similar sizes, and one can often be used to replace the other.
Silicon carbide filter cores also look like catalytic converter cores that have had alternate channels plugged - again the plugs force the exhaust gas flow through the wall and the particulate collects on the inlet face.
The characteristics of the wall flow diesel Particulate filter substrate are as follows: 
Broad band filtration (the diameters of the filtered particles are 0.2-150 μm); 
High filtration efficiency (can be up to 95%); 
High refractory; 
High mechanical properties.
High boiling point.
Ceramic Fiber Filters.
Fibrous ceramic filters are made from several different types of ceramic fibers that are mixed together to form a porous media. This media can be formed into almost any shape and can be customized to suit various applications. The porosity can be controlled in order to produce high flow, lower efficiency or high efficiency lower volume filtration. Fibrous filters have an advantage over wall flow design of producing lower back pressure.
Ceramic wall-flow filters remove carbon particulates almost completely, including fine particulates less than 100 nanometers (nm) diameter with an efficiency of >95% in mass and >99% in number of particles over a wide range of engine operating conditions. Since the continuous flow of soot into the filter would eventually block it, it is necessary to 'regenerate' the filtration properties of the filter by burning-off the collected particulate on a regular basis. Soot particulates burn-off forms water and CO2 in small quantity amounting to less than 0.05% of the CO2 emitted by the engine.
Metal fiber flow through filters.
Some cores are made from metal fibers - generally the fibers are "woven" into a monolith. Such cores have the advantage that an electrical current can be passed through the monolith to heat the core for regeneration purposes, allowing the filter to regenerate at low exhaust temperatures and/or low exhaust flow rates. Metal fiber cores tend to be more expensive than cordierite or silicon carbide cores, and generally not interchangeable with them because of the electrical requirement.
Paper.
Disposable paper cores are used in certain specialty applications, without a regeneration strategy. Coal mines are common users — the exhaust gas is usually first passed through a water trap to cool it, and then through the filter. Paper filters are also used when a diesel machine must be used indoors for short periods of time, such as on a forklift being used to install equipment inside a store.
Partial filters.
There are a variety of devices that produce over 50% particulate matter filtration, but less than 85%. Partial filters come in a variety of materials. The only commonality between them is that they produce more back pressure than a catalytic converter, and less than a diesel particulate filter. Partial filter technology is popular for retrofit.
Maintenance.
Filters require more maintenance than catalytic converters. Ash, a byproduct of oil consumption from normal engine operation, builds up in the filter as it cannot be converted into a gas and pass through the walls of the filter. This increases the pressure before the filter. Warnings are given to the driver before filter restriction causes an issue with driveability or damage to the engine or filter develop. Regular filter maintenance is a necessity.
Safety.
In 2011, Ford recalled 37,400 F-Series trucks with diesel engines after fuel and oil leaks caused fires in the diesel particulate filters of the trucks. No injuries occurred before the recall, though one grass fire was started. A similar recall was issued for 2005-2007 Jaguar S-Type and XJ diesels, where large amounts of soot became trapped in the DPF. In affected vehicles, smoke and fire emanated from the vehicle underside, accompanied by flames from the rear of the exhaust. The heat from the fire could cause heating through the transmission tunnel to the interior, melting interior components and potentially causing interior fires.
Regeneration.
Regeneration is the process of removing the accumulated soot from the filter. This is done either passively (from the engine's exhaust heat in normal operation or by adding a catalyst to the filter) or actively introducing very high heat into the exhaust system. On-board active filter management can use a variety of strategies:
All on-board active systems use extra fuel, whether through burning to heat the DPF, or providing extra power to the DPF's electrical system, although the use of a fuel borne catalyst reduces the energy required very significantly. Typically a computer monitors one or more sensors that measure back pressure and/or temperature, and based on pre-programmed set points the computer makes decisions on when to activate the regeneration cycle. The additional fuel can be supplied by a metering pump. Running the cycle too often while keeping the back pressure in the exhaust system low will result in high fuel consumption. Not running the regeneration cycle soon enough increases the risk of engine damage and/or uncontrolled regeneration (thermal runaway) and possible DPF failure.
Diesel particulate matter burns when temperatures above 600 degrees Celsius are attained. This temperature can be reduced to somewhere in the range of 350 to 450 degrees Celsius by use of a fuel borne catalyst. The actual temperature of soot burn-out will depend on the chemistry employed. The start of combustion causes a further increase in temperature. In some cases, in the absence of a fuel borne catalyst, the combustion of the particulate matter can raise temperatures above the structural integrity threshold of the filter material, which can cause catastrophic failure of the substrate. Various strategies have been developed to limit this possibility. Note that unlike a spark-ignited engine, which typically has less than 0.5% oxygen in the exhaust gas stream before the emission control device(s), diesel engines have a very high ratio of oxygen available. While the amount of available oxygen makes fast regeneration of a filter possible, it also contributes to runaway regeneration problems.
Some applications use off-board regeneration. Off-board regeneration requires operator intervention (i.e. the machine is either plugged into a wall/floor mounted regeneration station, or the filter is removed from the machine and placed in the regeneration station). Off-board regeneration is not suitable for on-road vehicles, except in situations where the vehicles are parked in a central depot when not in use. Off-board regeneration is mainly used in industrial and mining applications. Coal mines (with the attendant explosion risk from coal damp) use off-board regeneration if non-disposable filters are installed, with the regeneration stations sited in an area where non-permissible machinery is allowed. 
Many forklifts may also use off-board regeneration - typically mining machinery and other machinery that spend their operational lives in one location, which makes having a stationary regeneration station practical. In situations where the filter is physically removed from the machine for regeneration there is also the advantage of being able to inspect the filter core on a daily basis (DPF cores for non-road applications are typically sized to be usable for one shift - so regeneration is a daily occurrence).
Diesel Oxidation Catalyst.
A Diesel Oxidation Catalyst or DOC is another exhaust aftertreatment device for diesel engines. DOCs contain palladium / platinum with Aluminium oxide which serve as catalysts to oxidise hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide into carbon dioxide and water in the following reactions:
2CO + O2 → 2CO2
C"x"H2"x"+2 + [(3"x"+1)/2] O2 → "x" CO2 + ("x"+1) H2O
Retrofit homologation.
DPFs intended for retrofitment to existing vehicles may require application-specific certification, type approval, or other homologation. Programs such as the London low emission zone require retrofit emission control equipment to be certified for use on a particular vehicle or engine and inspected annually to ensure they are still operating as designed and intended.

</doc>
<doc id="2917410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917410" title="Raila Odinga">
Raila Odinga

Raila Amolo Odinga (born 7 January 1945), also popularly known to his supporters as Agwambo, Tinga and Baba (Agwambo means "Danger"), is a Kenyan politician who was Prime Minister of Kenya, leading to a coalition government, from 2008 to 2013. He was first elected as the Member of Parliament for Langata in 1992, served as Minister of Energy from 2001 to 2002 and as Minister of Roads, Public Works, and Housing from 2003 to 2005. He was the main opposition candidate in the 2007 presidential election. Following a violent post-electoral crisis, Odinga took office as Prime Minister in April 2008,serving as supervisor of a national unity coalition government. He came in second in Kenya's 2013 presidential elections after garnering 5,340,546 votes which represented 43.28% of the total votes cast. Son of first Vice President of Kenya, Jaramogi Oginga Odinga; Raila's brother, Oburu Odinga, is also currently a Member of Parliament (MP). The family's origin in Kenya's Luo tribe has been a key to their political activity. Raila is commonly known by his first name due to coincidence: he was an MP at the same time as his father between 1992 and 1994. In Raila Odinga was a presidential contender in the 1997 elections, coming third after President Daniel arap Moi of KANU and Mwai Kibaki, the former president of Kenya and then a member of the Democratic Party. Odinga campaigned to run for president in the December 2007 elections on an Orange Democratic Movement (ODM) ticket.
On 1 September 2007, Raila Odinga was elected as the presidential candidate of the ODM. He garnered significant support in the 2007 General Election. According to the electoral body at the time (the ECK), he garnered the majority of the votes in Rift Valley, Western, his native Nyanza and Coast. Kibaki on the other hand won majority votes in Nairobi (Capital),North Eastern province, his native Central province and Eastern province (Available from the ECK records). Out of the 2007 elections, his party, ODM, got 99 out of 210 seats in the parliament, making the ODM the single largest party in parliament.
On 30 December 2007, the chairman of the Kenyan election commission declared Raila's opponent, incumbent president Kibaki, the winner of the presidential election by a margin of about 230,000 votes. Raila disputed the results, alleging fraud by the election commission but refused to adhere to the constitutional procedure and present an election petition before the courts. Most opinion polls had speculated that Odinga would defeat president Kibaki. Independent international observers have since stated that the poll was marred by irregularities favouring both PNU and ODM, especially at the final vote tallying stages. Many ODM supporters across the country rioted against the announced election results.
Early life.
Raila Odinga was born at Maseno Church Missionary Society Hospital, in Maseno, Kisumu District, Nyanza Province on 7 January 1945 to Mary Juma Odinga and Jaramogi Oginga Odinga. His father served as the first Vice President of Kenya under President Jomo Kenyatta. He went to Kisumu Union Primary School, Maranda Primary and Maranda High School where he stayed until 1962. He spent the next two years at the Herder Institut, a part of the philological faculty at the University of Leipzig in East Germany. He received a scholarship that in 1965 sent him to the Technical School, Magdeburg (now a part of Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg) in the GDR. In 1970, he graduated with an Msc (Masters of Science) in Mechanical Engineering- These qualifications are questionable as per the school he attended. While studying in East Berlin during the Cold War, as a Kenyan he was able to visit West Berlin through the Checkpoint Charlie. When visiting West Berlin, he used to smuggle goods not available in East Berlin and bring them to his friends in East Berlin.
He returned to Kenya in 1970. In 1971 he established the "Standard Processing Equipment Construction & Erection Ltd" (later renamed "East African Spectre"), a company manufacturing liquid petroleum gas cylinders. In 1974, he was appointed group standards manager of the Kenya Bureau of Standards. In 1978 he was promoted to its Deputy Director, a post he held until his 1982 detention.
Detention.
Raila was placed under house arrest for seven months after evidence pointing to himself and his late father Oginga Odinga collaborating with the plotters of a failed coup attempt against President Daniel arap Moi in 1982, in which hundreds of Kenyan citizens and thousands of rebel soldiers died. Several foreigners also lost their lives. Raila was later charged with treason and detained without trial for six years.
A biography released in July 2006 indicated that Raila was far more involved in the attempted coup than he had previously claimed. After its publication, some MPs called for Raila to be arrested and charged, but the statute of limitations had already passed and, since the information was contained in a biography, Raila could not be said to have openly confessed his involvement. His mother died in 1984, but it took the prison wardens two months to inform him of her death.
Released on 6 February 1988, he was rearrested in September 1988 for his involvement with human rights and pro-democracy activists pressing for multi-party democracy in Kenya, which was then a one-party state. To his political followers, he is also referred as "Agwambo", the meaning of which is difficult to specify, or "Jakom", meaning Chairman.
Raila was released on 12 June 1989, only to be incarcerated again on 5 July 1990, together with Kenneth Matiba, and former Nairobi Mayor Charles Rubia. Raila was released on 21 June 1991, and in October, he fled the country to Norway with a hint that the corrupt Kenyan government attempted unsuccessfully to assassinate him.
Multi-party politics.
At the time of Raila's departure to Norway, the Forum for the Restoration of Democracy (FORD), a movement formed to agitate for the return of multi-party democracy to Kenya, was newly formed. In February 1992, Raila returned to join FORD, then led by his father Jaramogi Oginga Odinga. He was elected Vice Chairman of the General Purposes Committee of the party. In the months running up to the 1992 General Election, FORD split into Ford Kenya, led by Raila's father Jaramogi Oginga Odinga, and FORD-Asili led by Kenneth Matiba. Raila became Ford-Kenya's Deputy Director of Elections. Raila won the Langata Constituency parliamentary seat, previously held by Philip Leakey of KANU. Raila became the second father of multi- party democracy in Kenya after Kenneth Matiba.
When Jaramogi Oginga Odinga died in January 1994, and Michael Wamalwa Kijana succeeded him as FORD-Kenya chairman, Raila challenged him for the party leadership. The elections were marred by controversy after which Raila resigned from FORD-Kenya to join the National Development Party (NDP). In the 1997 General Election, Raila finished third after President Moi, the incumbent, and Democratic Party candidate Mwai Kibaki. He retained his position as the Langata MP.
After the election, Raila supported the Moi government, and led a merger between his party, NDP, and Moi's KANU party. He served in Moi's Cabinet as Energy Minister from June 2001 to 2002, during Moi's final term.
In the subsequent KANU elections held later that year, he was elected the party's secretary general (replacing J. J. Kamotho). In 2002, the then President, Daniel Arap Moi, pulled a surprise by endorsing Uhuru Kenyatta – a son of Kenya's first president Jomo Kenyatta to be his successor. Moi publicly asked Raila and others to support Uhuru as well.
Raila and other KANU members, including Kalonzo Musyoka, George Saitoti and Joseph Kamotho, opposed this step arguing that the then 38 year old Uhuru, was politically inexperienced and lacked the leadership qualities needed to govern. The Rainbow Movement went on to join the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), which later teamed up with Mwai Kibaki's National Alliance Party of Kenya (NAK), a coalition of several other parties, to form the National Rainbow Coalition (NARC) that eventually defeated Moi's protege, Uhuru Kenyatta.
Dissent from within.
President Kibaki did not appoint Raila Odinga as Prime Minister on assuming office as perceived to have been agreed in the memorandum of understanding (Kenya's current constitution does not recognize a Prime minister); neither did he give LDP half the cabinet positions. He instead sought to shore up support for his NAK faction by appointing MPs from the opposition parties (KANU and FORD people) to the cabinet.
The perceived "betrayal" led to an open rebellion and a split within the cabinet, which culminated in disagreements over a proposed new constitution for the country. The government-backed constitutional committee submitted a draft constitution that was perceived to consolidate powers of the presidency and weaken regional governments as had been provided for under an earlier draft before the 2002 Elections. Raila opposed this, and when the document was put to a referendum on 21 November 2005, the government lost by a 57% to 43% margin. Following this, President Kibaki sacked the entire cabinet on 23 November 2005. When it was formed two weeks later, Raila and the entire LDP group were left out. This led to the formation of the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM) – an Orange was the symbol for the "no" vote in the constitutional referendum.
In January 2006, Raila Odinga was reported to have told police that he believed his life was in danger, having received assassination threats.
2007 presidential election.
On 12 July 2007, Odinga alleged that the government was withholding identity cards from voters in places supportive of the opposition and that the intended creation of 30 new constituencies was a means by which the government sought to ensure victory in the December 2007 parliamentary election.
In August 2007, the Orange Democratic Movement-Kenya split in two, with Odinga becoming head of the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM) while the other faction, the ODM-K, was headed by Kalonzo Musyoka. On 1 September 2007, the ODM elected Odinga as its presidential candidate in a National Delegates Conference held at the Moi International Sports Centre in Nairobi. Odinga received 2,656 votes; the only other candidates receiving significant numbers of votes were Musalia Mudavadi with 391 and William Ruto with 368. Earlier, Najib Balala had withdrawn his candidature and endorsed Raila. The defeated candidates expressed their support for Odinga afterward, and Mudavadi was named as his running mate.
Odinga launched his presidential campaign in Uhuru Park in Nairobi on 6 October 2007.
Following the presidential election held on 27 December, the Electoral Commission in declared Kibaki the winner on 30 December 2007, placing him ahead of Odinga by about 232,000 votes. Jeffrey Sachs (Professor of Economics and Director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University, and Special Advisor to former UN Secretary General) faulted the United States' approach to the post-election crisis and recommended an independent recount of the vote.
Raila and his ODM leaders rallied against the decision with James Orengo and Prof. Nyong'o calling for mass action. Later violence broke out in the country. Following two months of unrest, which led to the death of about 1000 people and displacement of about 250, 000, a deal between Odinga and Kibaki, which provided for power-sharing and the creation of the post of Prime Minister, was signed in February 2008; it was brokered by former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan. Odinga was sworn in as Prime Minister, along with the power-sharing Cabinet, on 17 April 2008. The post of Prime Minister was last held by Jomo Kenyatta between 1963 and 1964 following independence. Odinga is thus the second person in Kenya's history to hold the position.
2013 Presidential Elections.
A Synovate survey released in October 2012 found him to have an 45 percent approval rate.
Raila Odinga's party, Orange Democratic Movement (ODM) joined Kalonzo Musyoka's Wiper Party and Moses Wetangula's Ford Kenya (FK) in a CORD coalition (Coalition for Reforms and Democracy) for the presidential race with Raila as the presidential candidate and Kalonzo as his running mate to face Jubilee's coalition ( Uhuru Kenyatta's (The National Alliance – TNA), William Ruto's (United Republican Party – URP), Charity Ngilu's (National Rainbow Coalition – NARC) and Najib Balala's (Republican Congress – RC)).
In addition, few individuals from western countries led by former UN Secretary General Koffi Annan, former Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson had tried to influence in favour of Raila the Kenyan voters by issuing threats if they chose Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto. Most notable statement from Carson was "Choices have consequences."
Raila ran for President in the elections held on 4 March 2013 and garnered 5,340,546 votes (43.70%) out of the 12,338,667 valid votes cast. The winner, Uhuru Kenyatta garnered 6,173,433 votes (50.51%). As this was above the 50% plus 1 vote threshold, Uhuru won it on the first round without requiring a run-off between the top two candidates.
The Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) therefore officially declared Uhuru Kenyatta the president elect on Saturday 9 March at 2:44pm. Uhuru was set to take office as Kenya's 4th president.
However, Raila Odinga in a press conference shortly after the results were announced noted that the election had been marred by massive failures by the BVR kits, Pollbooks, tallying system and transmissions system. He claimed that the manual tallying was suspect leaving him no choice but to The Kenya Presidential Election Petition 2013 contest the result in Kenya's highest court, The Supreme Court.
Kenya's chief justice Dr. Willy Mutunga announced on Monday, 11 March that the Supreme Court was fully formed and ready to deliver its judgements within 14 days as stipulated by the constitution of Kenya.
The Supreme Court issued a ruling dismissing the petition on 30 March 2013. The Supreme Court while declaring Uhuru the next President also declared that the IEBC should not have included the invalid/spoilt votes in the calculation of the final figures and percentages.
After the supreme court dismissed his petition Raila flew to South Africa to avoid attending the Inauguration of Uhuru Kenyatta, held on 9 April 2013 at Moi Sports Complex at Kasarani, Nairobi. The swearing ceremony marked the end of his premiership.
Political positions.
Economics.
Due to an economic downturn and extreme drought, Odinga called for the suspension of taxes on fuels and certain foods that disproportionately impact the poor.
Personal life.
Baptised as an Anglican in his youth, Odinga later became a Born-Again Christian through an Evangelical church in Nairobi.
Odinga is married to Ida Odinga (née Anyango Oyoo). They live in Karen, Nairobi, and have a second home at Opoda Farm, in the Bondo District. The couple have four children: Fidel (born 1973), Rosemary (born 1977), Raila Jr. (born 1979) and Winnie (born 1990). Fidel is named after Fidel Castro and Winnie after Winnie Mandela. Winnie is currently studying Communication and International Area Studies as a double major student at Drexel University in Philadelphia.
In an interview with BBC News in January 2008, Odinga asserted that he was the first cousin of U.S. president Barack Obama through Obama's father. However, Barack Obama's paternal uncle denied any direct relation to Odinga, stating "Odinga's mother came from this area, so it is normal for us to talk about cousins. But he is not a blood relative." Obama's father came from the same Luo community as Odinga.
Odinga briefly played soccer for Luo Union (now Gor Mahia) as a midfielder.
Odinga was appointed by the African Union to mediate the 2010-2011 Ivorian crisis, which involved Alassane Ouattara and Laurent Gbagbo.
Raila wrote "Flame of Freedom" a 1040 paged autobiography which talks about his life from childhood. It was launched on 6 October 2013 in Kenya and subsequently in USA on 15th Oct,2013.He was accompanied by a section of Kenyan county governors.
Controversy.
During his premiership, Odinga appointed Miguna Miguna as his advisor on coalition affairs, who he later suspended in August 2011, citing "gross misconduct". The "Daily Nation" quoted his reason for suspension as being "accused of misrepresenting the office of the Prime Minister, possibly a reference to his having aired strong views which may have embarrassed the PM." Miguna Miguna latter published controversial books about his working relationship with Raila. The books were full of controversy and did not sale.
His suspension came at a time when the electoral body, the IIEC, was is in an uproar and unsettled by anonymously authored complaints which the commissioners characterise as a hate campaign but which raise troubling questions on corruption and nepotism. Later Miguna, after suspension, issued a statement that said he "was instructed to write my article on the IIEC chairman and the position he had taken with respect to the party's decision to kick out rebellious MPs and Councillors." He later denied, according to the "Nairobi Star". Miguna is now the author of two books.

</doc>
<doc id="2917412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917412" title="Pervouralsk">
Pervouralsk

Pervouralsk (, lit. "the first in the Urals") is a city in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Chusovaya River (Kama's tributary) west of Yekaterinburg. Population: 122,000 (1974); 90,000 (1959); 44,000 (1939).
Geography.
The city is famous for the monument that symbolizes the border between two continents—Europe and Asia. The monument is located two kilometers from the city.
History.
History of Pervouralsk began in 1730, when Vasily Demidov began the building of the iron-making factory. It produced pipes for more than 200 years. On December 1, 1732, the factory started operating; this date is now considered the official date of the city's foundation. The village around the factory was named Vasilyevsko-Shaytansky. In 1920, the village was renamed Pervouralsk. After building "Pervouralsky Novotrubny Works" in 1933, the village was granted town status.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of the administrative divisions, it is, together with twenty-nine rural localities, incorporated as the City of Pervouralsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the City of Pervouralsk is incorporated as Pervouralsk Urban Okrug.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of the city was adopted in 2002. The sable is taken from a label of Demidov's steel factory. The ring actually represents a section of a pipe. Pipes are basic production of Pervouralsk.
Economy.
Pervouralsk is the second fastest-developing city in Sverdlovsk Oblast after Yekaterinburg (2005 Ural Information Bureau). The annual growth rate of industrial output remains steadily at 25-30%; the retail turnover increases 20% a year (2005 Ural Information Bureau). This positively affects the unemployment rate, which stays at low 1.16% (2005 Ural Information Bureau), and leads to the number of vacancies to exceed the number of unemployed people.
Average monthly salary is about $300, which is a little bit lower than the average in the region, which is $350 (Local Information Centre).
The city attracts attention of large businesses—only within last years there happens merges and acquisitions with Pervourask enterprises, such as "Wimm-Bill-Dann", a well known dairy company, acquiring a dairy plant in Pervouralsk and Chelyabinsk Pipe Group, the second largest in the country, acquiring "Pervouralsk Novotrubny Works".
Pervouralsky Novotrubny Works.
Established in 1934 on the boundary between Europe and Asia in the heart of the Ural Mountains, it has inherited the traditions and high industrial standards of Ural craftsmen, whose products have been renowned throughout Europe since 17th century.
"Pervouralsky Novotrubny Works" produces more than 25,000 types and sizes of pipes and specially shaped tubes from 200 carbon, alloyed and stainless steel grades according to 34 Russian and 25 foreign standards and 400 specifications.
Certification by the American Petroleum Institute and the German TUV for meeting DIN standard requirements, as well as a number of other requirements, attests to the quality of pipes produced by "Pervouralsky Novotrubny Works".
It was acquired by Chelyabinsk Pipe Group in 2005.
JSC "Pervouralsk Plant of the Tubular Building Constructions" ("PZTSK").
Leader in the field of metal constructing, wall and roofing panels in the Russian Federation since 1975. Also offers construction decisions and installation of buildings. PZTSK's quality management system is in accordance with the requirements of DIN EN ISO 9001:2000.
Pervouralsk Plant of Complete Metallic Construction.
One of the leading enterprises in Russia in the sphere of designing, producing and assembling of building and light metallic construction of complete delivery. At the present moment the plant produces 1,300 tons of metallic constructions, 35,000 m² of wall roof panels and 7,000 m² of windows per month.
Pervouralsk City Dairy Plant LLC.
The plant was put into operation in 1970; its designed capacity is 120 tons per day. Currently the plant processes up to 20 tons of milk per day and specializes in the production of natural dairy and curds products, as well as drinking yogurts under the "Snegirevo" brand. The plant employs 165 people. It was acquired by Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods OJDS in 2006.
JSC "Pervouralsk Silica Plant" (JSC "Dinur").
One of the biggest refractory plant, manufacturing shaped and monolithic refractories. The company is the only producer of silica bricks in Russia. The number of employees is 3,000.
The plant has its own deposit of crystalline quartzite (Karaulnaya mountain), suitable for production of high quality silica bricks, milled qurtzite.
JSC "Dinur" exports silica bricks for coke ovens to Algeria, Egypt, Czech, Poland etc. The company fully provides the Russian market with its products.
Education.
There is a branch of the Ural State Technical University in the city.
Sports.
Uralskiy Trubnik plays in Russian Bandy Super League. It is one of the few clubs that has bought a lot of foreign players. Their home arena has a capacity of 6000.[http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?hl=en&sl=ru&u=http://www.rusbandy.ru/stadium/18/&prev=/search%3Fq%3Dhttp://www.rusbandy.ru/stadium/18/%26hl%3Den%26tbo%3Dd%26biw%3D1024%26bih%3D545&sa=X&ei=jZ-7UIfaEqqh4gT8ioDIAQ&ved=0CDMQ7gEwAA] After the indoor stadium in Ulyanovsk is finished, it will be the only in the highest division without artificial ice.

</doc>
<doc id="2917414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917414" title="Independent candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Independent candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

There were a number of independent candidates in the 1999 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Some of these candidates have their own biography pages; information on others may be found here.
This page also covers independent candidates who campaigned in by-elections between 1999 and 2003.
Candidates.
Peterborough: Kenneth T. Burgess.
Kenneth T. Burgess was a school teacher in Toronto before moving to Peterborough and was the creator of a self-help teaching service. He was a perennial candidate, having run for public office on at least six occasions. He died in May 2001.
He took the Peterborough County School Board to court in 1989, after the board appointed an unelected replacement to fill a vacancy. He argued that either a by-election should have been called, or he should have been appointed as the runner-up candidate from the last board election. (The chair of the board responded that the appointment of another applicant was appropriate and that a by-election would have been "extremely expensive.") Burgess was later convicted of forging some of the signatures on his nomination papers when he ran for school trustee again in the 1991 municipal election. Because of this conviction, he was barred from running for Mayor of Peterborough in 1997. 
Burgess was sixty-five years old during his final run for office in 2000. During this election, he called for the City of Peterborough to offer free land to create development and reduce business tax levels. Incumbent mayor Sylvia Sutherland dismissed this practice as being illegal in Ontario.
He is not to be confused with Ken Burgess, a former mayor Brandon, Manitoba.
Sudbury: Ed Pokonzie.
Ed Pokonzie is a perennial candidate for political office, having campaigned in federal, provincial and municipal elections. He first ran for election municipally in 1991.
Pokonzie was a city employee and labourer in Calgary, Alberta in the early 1980s. He was fired in 1981 for failing to pass a "permanency" medical test, and later became involved in a complicated legal challenge regarding his dismissal. He then moved to Ontario, and settled in the city of Sudbury. He launched a $5 million lawsuit against the Province of Ontario in 1999, citing wrongful treatment over his failure to obtain compensation for workplace injuries. The suit was dismissed in 2004. In 2000, Pokonzie identified himself as a former truck driver on a disability pension.
Pokonzie is often described as a social activist, and has called for a grassroots approach to city politics. He was an early supporter of amalgamation, though he also called for smaller centres to retain their local identity in the new city of Greater Sudbury. He also supported a light transit system, and pay-for-service assessment. Pokonzie called for the municipal administration to be restructured in 2003, arguing that there were six different agencies overseeing water quality without anyone having effective management authority.
Pokonzie is known for wearing a beret bedecked with medals while campaigning.
Windsor—St. Clair: Ralph Kirchner.
Kirchner was 28 years old at the time of the election, a lifelong Windsor resident, and a Chrysler worker. On announcing his candidacy, he promised to bring more democracy to the political system if elected. Kirchner advocated expanding the public health care system to cover dental care, prescription drugs and eyeglasses. He denied being a radical in his views, and claimed he entered the race out of frustration with Ontario's partisan system. ("Windsor Star", 19 May 1999) He received 263 votes (0.68%), finishing fifth out of six candidates. The winner was Dwight Duncan of the Ontario Liberal Party.
by-election candidates.
Beaches—East York, 20 September 2001: Kevin Mark Clarke.
Clarke is a perennial candidate for public office in Toronto. See his biography page for more information.
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2917415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917415" title="Block scheduling">
Block scheduling

Block scheduling is a type of academic scheduling in which each student has fewer classes per day (common in middle and high schools) (e.g. 4) Each class is scheduled for a longer period of time than normal (e.g. 90 minutes instead of 50). In one form of block scheduling, a single class will meet every day for a number of weeks, after which another class will take its place. In another form, daily classes rotate through a changing daily cycle.
Blocks offer more concentrated experiences of subjects, with fewer classes daily. There may be less regular amounts of homework for any given class.
Conversion to block scheduling became a relatively widespread trend in the 1990s for middle schools and high schools in the United States. Prior to that, many schools scheduled classes such that a student saw every one of their teachers each day. Classes were approximately 40–60 minutes long, but under block scheduling, they became approximately 90 minutes long.
Intensive blocks.
In some cases, such as in medical school or other intensive university program, a block schedule may mean taking one class at a time, all day, every day, until all of the material is covered. A normal university course might then be completed in three or four weeks of focused effort on a single topic. This is sometimes called "One Course At A Time" ("OCAAT") (see Colorado College and Cornell College). When used as a supplement change instead of the normal schedule, this approach is sometimes called a "mini-mester".
Waldorf schools traditionally employ a mixed approach. Certain academic subjects are taught in intensive three to five week blocks known as "main lesson blocks", while other subjects are taught in regularly meeting skills classes.
Schedules.
One variety of block scheduling, called A/B block scheduling, is shown in the example table. Instead of taking six classes every day, students attend three classes every other day and spend double the amount of continuous time in each class. Students can take 4 classes during one semester and another 4 the next. The example given here reverts to a six-period day on Fridays. Another way of distributing the classes would be to have "A" and "B" days on alternate Fridays, or to alternate "ABABA" weeks with "BABAB" weeks.
Another common block system exists in which students spend up to 100 minutes per class, and earn four credits each semester. Excluding very rare occasions, students at schools using this system take two core classes and two electives per semester. Some schools modify this system further to use one of the mid-day periods for students to take optional year-long classes (usually band) that take half of the period length and take another year-long class during the rest of the period (such as math or journalism). Under such a system most of the classes taken on a year-long basis have all students participating, however it is not uncommon for journalism or yearbook classes to operate under the normal system and only have a few students who leave or arrive half way through the period. It is also not uncommon for these classes to be scheduled as two credits, and taken both semesters.
A method called 4×4 block scheduling splits the academic year into quarters, and uses a four-period day. This leaves eight slots available for classes during a semester (four classes in each of two quarters). The 4×4 method is somewhat more flexible in that students can take two sequential classes (such as Algebra 1 and 2) in the same semester (in different quarters), which would not be possible on a traditional schedule. This also allows students in their final year to fail a third-quarter class but repeat it in the fourth quarter in order to graduate.
One more variant of the block schedule is a day 1-8 schedule, in which each day a student would have two blocks, lunch, an everyday class, and then a final block. The reason why there are 8 days in the schedule is because for one set of the days, each class (besides the everyday class) is shifted up one block, and on the other day each class is shifted down one block from its normal position. This results in year-long classes, which are in a constant cycle of switching positions to allow the students to have a variety of time that classes happen. For example, on Day 1, it would go Block 1, Block 2, Lunch, Everyday class, and then Block 3. On Day 3, the next day that all of those classes meet, the schedule would be Block 3, Block 1, Lunch, Everyday class, Block 2. The same would happen with the even days, and in reverse on Days 7 and 8. (Days 5 and 6 are meant to have the same schedule on Days 1 and 2).
Effectiveness.
"Where we were able to combine data to produce summary effect sizes, we found that 4 x 4 block scheduling resulted in higher cross subject achievement than traditional schedules. However, the outcome average cross-subject achievement could conceal worsening performance in some subjects and better performance in others."
Some schools have compensated for this by making AP courses last for the entire school year, providing essentially double the instruction time of normal classes, but this results in a dramatic reduction in the number of courses a student can take. Some schools that make AP courses year long offset this by having students always choose a pair of AP courses during class registration. The student will go to the first AP class one day, and the other AP course the next day. Therefore, the student takes the same number of courses as other students, but both AP classes last for the duration of the year.
A University of Virginia study of 8,000 college students found that students who had block scheduling in high school performed worse in college science courses.
A systematic review on Block Scheduling was also conducted by Dickson et al. (2010) at the EPPI-Centre which asserts that there is no conclusive evidence to support the introduction of policy guidance on the use of block scheduling in secondary schools in the UK. Although the findings do not indicate that participating in block schedules would produce negative outcomes for pupils across subjects, neither are the positive effects of block scheduling strong enough to recommend their implementation.
Criticism.
Some critics believe that certain subjects suffer from a lack of daily exposure to subject matter and practice that occurs with an A/B block schedule. Courses like mathematics, foreign languages, and music may benefit from daily practice and suffer from a lack thereof.
Block scheduling can result in gaps of a day or days (or even weeks or months in some circumstances) where students are receiving no reinforcement of instruction in a specific subject like math or history, and critics say this results in retention problems and the need for more remedial review. Some observers similarly feel that summer vacation has a similar effect of interrupting the learning and retention process forcing a need to repeat material at the start of a new school year in the Fall.
Students who miss a block-scheduled day can miss a considerable amount of material in a single subject, possibly making it more difficult to catch up. Some students are better able to manage their time with nightly homework in every class, while other students do better with larger homework assignments that are spaced out over several days. Some subjects may benefit from daily drills while other subjects may lend themselves to less frequent homework projects. Mid-term transfers between schools with different schedules can be problematic in cases where the schedules are different.

</doc>
<doc id="2917417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917417" title="Muhammad in film">
Muhammad in film

The depiction of Muhammad, the Islamic Prophet, in film (as with other visual depictions) is a controversial topic both within and outside of Islam. The Quran does not explicitly forbid images of Muhammad, but there are a few hadith (supplemental teachings) which have explicitly prohibited Muslims from creating visual depictions of figures. There is a split on this issue between the two major denominations of Islam, Sunni and Shia Islam.
Most Sunni Muslims believe that visual depictions of all the prophets of Islam should be prohibited. and are particularly averse to visual representations of Muhammad. In 1926, Egyptian actor Youssef Wahbi was in discussions to play Muhammad in a film financed by the Turkish government under Atatürk. When the Sunni Islamic Al-Azhar University in Cairo heard about it, scholars there released a fatwa stipulating that Islam forbids the depiction of Muhammad on screen and King Fauad then sent a severe warning to the actor, threatening to exile him and strip him of his Egyptian nationality. As a result of the controversy, the film was abandoned.
In Shia Islam, scholars were also historically were against such depictions, but have taken a more relaxed view over the years and images of Muhammad are quite common nowadays. A fatwa given by Ali al-Sistani, the Shi'a marja of Iraq, states that it is permissible to depict Muhammad, even in television or movies, if done with respect.
Notable films.
"The Message".
"Mohammad, Messenger of God", released in the US as "The Message", was the first major film about Muhammad. The film was released on January 1, 1976 and on July 29 of the same year it had its premiere in "Plaza", a London cinema. There are two versions of the movie, an English one and an Arab one. The Arab version had also its premiere in a London cinema, Curzon, on August 19, 1976. Both versions were screened till September 29. So the English version was shown for nine weeks, and the Arab version for six weeks.
When director Mustafa Akkad (1935-2005) was shooting the film, he made use of an American cast and an Egyptian cast. In the English version Anthony Quinn played Hamza, Michael Ansara Muhammad's principal opponent Abu Sufyan, and Irene Papas Abu Sufyan's wife Hind. In the Arab version these roles were played by Egyptian actors. However, in a number of overall shots, in which a large group is acting, such as the Battle of Badr, it can be heard that the scene is shot only once, as the actors shout ""Allahu Akbar"", whereas in other similar scenes the director opted for "God is great".
Although the movie is about Muhammad, the director decided to shoot the film so as to not depict Muhammad. Akkad frequently changed the position of the camera at moments when Muhammad would be brought into vision. When Muhammad was essential to a scene, the camera would show events from his point of view.
"The Message" became very popular, not the least in the circles of Muslims, for example in Africa, and Asia. Even so, two well-known fatwas from Al-Azhar University and Shiite Council of Lebanon were issued about "The Message".
"Muhammad: The Last Prophet".
"" is an animated film produced by Badr International according to the same principles as "The Message". Its director is Richard Rich. The movie was released in 2004 and it was screened in a limited number of movie-theatres in the United States and the United Kingdom. The film focuses on the early period of Islam.
"Innocence of Muslims".
A 14-minute video clip called "The Real Life of Muhammad" or "Innocence of Muslims" which was created by Nakoula Basseley Nakoula was uploaded onto YouTube in July 2012 and later dubbed in Arabic and uploaded in September 2012. It was perceived as denigrating of Muhammad, and caused demonstrations and violent protests against the video to break out on September 11 in Egypt and other Arab and Muslim nations, as well as some western countries.
Future projects.
There are some new films currently being produced about Muhammad, considered the "second of their kind" (referring to Western films respecting the portrayal of Muhammad).
In October 2008, Producer Oscar Zoghbi, who worked on the original "The Message", stated that he would shooting a remake called "The Messenger of Peace", to be shot around the holy cities of Mecca and Medina.
In October 2012, Iranian director Majid Majidi began shooting a rival $30m Muhammad film with plans to show Muhammad on screen, though not his face, as per Shia tradition.
Film producer Barrie M. Osborne has been hired as an adviser on a possible series of epics about Muhammad. The films, which are financed by a Qatari media company and will be supervised by the Egyptian cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi, are unlikely to depict Muhammad at all on screen as per Sunni tradition which sees all renderings of the prophet as blasphemous.

</doc>
<doc id="2917433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917433" title="Antara (news agency)">
Antara (news agency)

Antara is an Indonesian news agency organized as a private company under the Ministry of State-owned Enterprises. It is the country's national news agency, supplying news reports to the many domestic media organization. It is the only organization authorized to distribute news material created by foreign news agencies.
The news agency was founded in 1937, when the country was still a colony in the Dutch Empire, by independence activists dissatisfied with the lack of local coverage by the Dutch-owned Aneta news agency. Antara's operation was absorbed into the Dōmei Tsushin news network following invasion by the Japanese in 1942. Its staff played a key role in the broadcast of Indonesia's proclamation of independence and assumed control of the Dōmei facilities in the region at the end of the war. The agency remained under private management until it was placed under the control of the presidency in the 1960s when the government shifted its focus from decolonization to nation-building. Antara became an institution through which the state could promote its policies.
Following a wave of political reforms in the late 1990s, Antara began to produce its reporting independently of the government and was reorganized as a state-owned enterprise in 2007. However, media scholars argue that a lengthy relationship with the government makes it difficult for the agency to become an unbiased news organization. Antara celebrated its 75th anniversary on 13 December 2012.
History.
Early years.
Antara was established on 13 December 1937 in Batavia (later Jakarta), the colonial capital of the Dutch East Indies. Prior to its establishment, Dominique Willem Berretty had founded Aneta, the Indies' first news agency. A number of Dutch and indigenous firms were also in existence but did not achieve similar stature. As a Dutch agency, however, Aneta rarely included local news in its coverage. This led to dissatisfaction among independence activists Soemanang Soerjowinoto and Albert Manoempak (A. M.) Sipahoetar, who eventually decided to form a separate news agency.
Soemanang had been working at the "Tjaja Timoer" newspaper, while Sipahoetar was an employee for a Dutch advertisement agency. The latter was also an acquaintance of Adam Malik, who had left Medan after Dutch authorities attempted to imprison him for political activism. The three met at Soemanang's residence with author Armijn Pane to discuss the establishment of the news agency. Soemanang named the agency Antara based on "Perantaraan", a weekly magazine he had previously established in Bogor. He became its editor-in-chief, while Sipahoetar became a senior editor. Antara's first news bulletin reporting its own establishment, was reprinted in the newspapers "Perasaan Kita" on 14 December 1937 and "Kebangoenan" the following day. Sanusi Pane, Armijn Pane's older brother and "Kebangoenan"s editor-in-chief, and "Perasaan Kita" editor-in-chief Prawoto Soemodilogo were appointed to the agency's board of directors.
The agency's leadership was later reorganized. Soemanang became Antara's managing editor, and while Malik became his deputy. Malik, twenty years old at the time, was credited with keeping the agency alive in its early years by building a base of supporters in the emerging indigenous middle class. After Soemanang left Antara in 1938 to become the director of the Pergoeroean Rakjat network of schools, Sipahoetar was promoted to editor-in-chief, and Pandoe Kartawigoena became the agency's deputy editor-in-chief. Sipahoetar was later elevated to managing editor, but left the agency in 1939 because of an illness. Alwi Soetan Osman, an employee of the Indies' Ministry of Justice, briefly succeeded him as managing editor before being replaced by Pandoe Kartawigoena.
When Japanese forces took control of the Indies in 1942, the empire's Dōmei Tsushin news agency established a branch office in Jakarta. Antara was renamed Yashima on 29 May, and it was eventually absorbed by the Dōmei news network three months later. Press activity flourished as Dōmei opened offices in major cities throughout Java. When Indonesia's independence was proclaimed on 17 August 1945, Adam Malik obtained a copy of the text and dictated it by telephone to his colleagues at the agency. The resulting news bulletin slipped past Japanese censors and was broadcast throughout Dōmei's newswire network. Dōmei officials attempted to retract the bulletin, but a courier was able to deliver a copy of the proclamation using the agency's name to the Hōsō Kanrikyoku radio station in midst of the confusion. Antara assumed control of Dōmei's local network when the Japanese surrendered to Allied forces weeks later and reopened under private management on 3 September.
Antara's leading journalists soon saw a need for the agency to establish additional branches outside Jakarta. Sjahroedin, a former editor at Dōmei, opened one of these offices in British Singapore in February 1946. The branch received no funding from the newly formed Indonesian government and was housed in a three-story building in Raffles Place. Its goal was to "break the Dutch or Allied monopoly on news about Indonesia", especially when local British authorities did not recognize Indonesia as an independent government.
National news agency.
After the Dutch relinquished all of their possessions in the Indies in 1962, the Indonesian government began mobilizing the mass media in its efforts to build a unified nation. President Sukarno released an executive decree which reorganized Antara as the National News Agency Institute (, or LKBN) under increased government control. Within three weeks of its reorganization on 24 September, Antara merged with three other existing news agencies: the Indonesian Press Bureau (PIA), the Asian Press Board (APB), and the Indonesian National Press and Publicity Service (INPS).
Antara received financial assistance from the government and was placed directly under the president's control, giving him the authority to appoint the agency's managing director and editor-in-chief. Antara's position in the structure of government resulted in confusion over its ownership and control, as well as shifting editorial views in the coming decades. As Sukarno pursued increasingly leftist policies, the conservative media accused Antara for its "explicitly partisan" reporting. Following his removal from office, the subsequent government also used the agency to further its policies, prompting criticism from the liberal media.
An abortive coup in 1965, blamed on the Communist Party of Indonesia and its allies, left Antara under military command. Nearly one-third of its editorial staff were dismissed, and many journalists sympathetic to the Communist Party were killed in the subsequent anti-communist purge. After Suharto assumed the presidency in the following year, the agency produced many of its news reports based on official government sources. Independent news outlets published stories on politically sensitive topics only if they had been reported by Antara in order to avoid sanctions should the stories be found offensive by government leaders. Although the government released a decree affirming freedom of the press, news publishers had to obtain a Permit To Publish () from the Ministry of Information and a Permit To Print () from the military security authority Kopkamtib. This ensured the suppression of publications with militant views.
Suharto resigned his presidency in 1998, and licensing requirements for media organizations were lifted the following September as the number of authorized publications surged from 289 to over 2,000 in the span of 16 months. Antara attempted to reinvent its image into that of an independent news agency amid the wave of political reforms, but there were allegations of continued bias toward the policies of Suharto's successor B. J. Habibie. President Abdurrahman Wahid later sacked the agency's managing director, Parni Hadi, and accused him of "dominating the news agency and trying to turn Antara into his private company". Hadi's replacement, appointed to the post without any journalism experience, was specifically tasked to make the agency more independent.
In 2007, Antara was removed from the control of the presidency and reorganized as a private state-owned enterprise. It had experienced financial losses in recent years and sought a Rp 450 billion (US$ 50 million) bailout from the government in the following year in order to modernize the agency's business capabilities with the goal of becoming an independent business entity.
Operations.
Antara is a state-owned enterprise () under the Ministry of State-owned Enterprises. It was previously under direct presidential authority since 1962 and within the administrative structure of the State Secretariat, which provided for its subsidies, since 1977. The news agency was also responsible to Ministry of Information which coordinated press activities. David Hill of Murdoch University points out that under the Suharto government Antara's Supervisory Council at one point included the deputy chief of the State Intelligence Coordinating Agency, indicating military interest in regulating the press. Antara's status as a government entity had come into question as restrictions on press activity were lifted. Article 9 of the Law of the Republic of Indonesia No. 40 of 1999 stipulates that news organizations must operate as a "legal entity", which directly contradicted Antara's status as an institute according to former executive editor A. J. Muaya.
Government subsidy accounted for 11 percent of Antara's operational costs in 1987–88. This figure had fallen to 1 percent by 2002, with an additional 25 percent of income coming from the sale of its wire services to domestic news organizations. A 1972 decree by the Ministry of Information stipulates that Antara is the only news organization permitted to distribute news material from foreign news agencies. This results in an effective monopoly that provides the largest source of the agency's revenues. Some government officials have called for an end to this practice, but Angela Romano and Blythe Seinor of Queensland University of Technology point out that such a decision will "undermine Antara's entire operating structure" and compromise the agency's financial stability. "The Jakarta Post" reported in 2000 that some 70 domestic news organizations were subscribed to the agency's wire service.
Public response and opinion.
Antara's legacy as a news organization is the documentation of Indonesia's decolonization process and formative years as a nation. Antara became an alternative news source for the fledgling Indonesian press which could not afford the services of its rival Aneta, and nationalist interpretations in its reporting contrasted that of the Dutch news agency. Despite these advances, political scientist Oey Hong Lee observed that the overall impact of Antara's reporting remained limited while Aneta continued to exist, "reflecting on the weakness of the nationalist press" and with "[Antara's] predominantly home-based news coverage finding its way only into more nationalist minded newspapers and progressive Chinese press organs".
Hill argues that journalists and guerrilla soldiers were equally important in winning the Indonesian National Revolution. Antara and nationalist newspapers, which were largely unrestricted under the postwar transitional Allied administration, engaged in a war of propaganda in order to gain international recognition of an independent Indonesia. On the occasion of the agency's 69th anniversary, President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono stated, "Antara made immense contributions in documenting the nation's struggle during the period of revolution, such that its role must not be forgotten."
The Indonesian Armed Forces, whose growing sociopolitical involvement in the 1950s resulted in a "triangular power structure" with President Sukarno and the Communist Party of Indonesia, grew wary of Antara's leftist leaning under government management. It countered by establishing the Armed Forces Information Centre (, PPAB) in 1965 to disseminate the policies and views of the Armed Forces. A consortium of newspapers also sought to establish an unaffiliated news agency in 1966 when it formed the KNI Foundation (), but staff and resources were limited compared to Antara, which received government funding. Both agencies had ceased operations by 2001.
Romano and Seinor argue that Antara's relationship with the government puts the agency at risk of engaging in self-censorship in recent years. Internal reforms immediately after 1998 did not completely eliminate the culture of cronyism that had come to characterize the relationship between the government and the press. The two note, however, that Antara journalists were given greater rights to affiliate and organize into unions than their peers in other news organizations.
References.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2917439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917439" title="Yodogawa-ku, Osaka">
Yodogawa-ku, Osaka

Economy.
Nissin Foods has its corporate headquarters in Yodogawa-ku. The company moved to its current headquarters in 1977, when the construction of the building was completed.
Transport.
Railway stations in the ward include:
Shin-Ōsaka Station (New Osaka Station), the terminus of the Tōkaidō Shinkansen which runs to Tokyo and the Sanyō Shinkansen which links to Fukuoka.
Landmarks.
Jūsō area typifies the unique culture of Osaka.
Education.
Schools in the ward include Kitano High School.
Politics.
In 2013, Yodogawa-ku, Osaka became the first Japanese government area to pass a resolution officiating support for LGBT inclusion, including mandating LGBT sensitivity training for ward staff.

</doc>
<doc id="2917441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917441" title="Rahova">
Rahova

Rahova is a neighbourhood of southwest Bucharest, Romania, situated in Sector 5, west of Dâmboviţa River. It is named after the Bulgarian town "Rahovo" (today Oryahovo), site of a battle in the Romanian War of Independence.
The neighborhood stretches from between Antiaeriană and Drumul Sării Avenues to Panduri Square (in the west), Panduri and 13 Septembrie Streets in the north, George Cosbuc Avenue, Viilor and Sălaj Streets in the east and Bucharest City Limits in the South. Roughly, the neighbourhood is organized alongside two important arterial streets (13 Septembrie and Rahovei Streets, and the streets linking them). It neighbors Drumul Taberei, Centrul Civic (at Izvor), and Ferentari. Roughly, Rahova is situated on the Uranus and Viilor hills.
The inhabitants of the neighbourhood split it further in "zones", partially based on the naming and numbering of the block of flats (a specificity of Rahova is that house numbering and postal addressing is not done based on actual street numbers but rather on block numbers - a letter of the zone and an index number). As such, there are seven zones (east to west and north to south): Drumul Sǎrii (DS), Petre Ispirescu (P), Mārgeanului (M), Panduri, 13 Septembrie/Sebastian (S), Rahova (R) and Alexandriei (A).
According to the "Local Tax Direction of The 5th District", the population of this area is around 180,000.
History.
One of the main roads crossing the neighborhood, and bearing today its name ("Calea Rahovei", Rahova Road) was previously known as "Podul Calicilor" (Bridge of the Greedy), with the first document mentioning it dating from 1639. The term "bridge" came from the material used to pave it: long wooden bridge beams, which were cheaper than stone pavement. Living near this road were beggars and poor people, gathered together like those from "La Cour des Miracles" in Paris. Later, the authorities scattered them away, and the road was renamed "Calea Craiovei" to remove the association with poverty. The modern name dates from the end of the Independence War.
Since the 1950s, Rahova entered a period of long urban decay, because it was, until the 1960s, the furthest district from the city centre, had a lack of infrastructure and contained the Rahova Penitentiary, the largest jail in Bucharest. In the early 1970s the area was also the headquarters of the infamous Barbugiu clan, the first organized crime gang to be recognized by the authorities. Calea Rahovei was also known as The Florists' Way ("Drumul Florăreselor"), because it was (and to some amount still is) the location of Bucharest's flower markets and flower gardens.
Starting in 1997, various efforts were made to renew the area. Rahova is currently undergoing modernization. Rahova is now linked to city center by a light metro line, upgraded from the existing tram line, with trains running as frequently as every minute. New façades have been built for the apartment buildings along Calea Rahovei, as well as significant improvements in the neighborhood high school (including a new swimming pool) and a complete overhaul of the parks, the Flower Market ("Piața de Flori") and Rahova Market. This was done with the support of both the Bucharest City Hall and Sector 5 Mayor (where Rahova is located) and has resulted in the gentrification of the district.
Transportation.
Rahova is serviced by a number of public transport (RATB) lines, especially tramways (or light rail) and to a lesser extent buses. Line 32 is the main line, with tramways running every minute from Rahovei Market to Unirii Square. Currently a number of tramway lines are upgraded and/or converted to Light Rail. There is no subway ("Metrou") in the area, nor are there plans to build or extend the network to the area. Because of a chaotic layout of roads and streets, and the presence of a belt of factories to the north of the neighbourhood (The Old Industrial Area of Trafic Greu, officially Progresului Road), there are basically only three roads heading downtown (Calea Rahovei, 13 Septembrie and Drumul Sării - with no secondary streets whatsoever), all with only two lanes per way of traffic and heavy public transport. This causes severe traffic jams that can last for up to five hours daily. The only solution found was to demolish two factories and make way for a new road, but the proposal was deemed too expensive and scrapped.
Administration.
As part of the 5th Sector, it is directly administered by the Mayor and Council of the Sector, which has responsibility over local affairs such as schools and cleaning services, and by the General Mayor and General Council of Bucharest, which is responsible for main roads and other city-wide affairs. Offices of the Sector 5 mayoralty exist in The Flower Market and in Rahova Market. The area is taxed at all taxation levels - A level (the highest) for the 13 Septembrie Avenue and Drumul Sării, B level for the Rahova Avenue, Mărgeanului and Alexandriei Road, C level for the low density rezidential district and D level for a small, completely undeveloped area belonging to the Rahova Penitentiary, at the outskirts of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="2917445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917445" title="Japanese ironclad Hiei">
Japanese ironclad Hiei

Design and description.
During the brief Japanese occupation of Taiwan in 1874, tensions heightened between China and Japan, and the possibility of war caused the Japanese government to realize that it needed to reinforce its navy. The following year the government placed an order for the armored frigate and two "Kongō"-class ships, designed by the British naval architect Sir Edward Reed, from British shipyards as no Japanese shipyard was able to build a ship of this size.
"Hiei" was long between perpendiculars and had a beam of . She had a forward draft of and drew aft. The ship displaced and had a crew of 22 officers and 212 enlisted men. Her hull was of composite construction with an iron framework planked with wood.
Propulsion.
The ship had a single two-cylinder, double-expansion, horizontal return connecting-rod steam engine, driving a single propeller using steam from six cylindrical boilers. The engine was designed to produce to give the "Kongō"-class ironclads a speed of . During her sea trials on 7 December 1877, the ship reached a maximum speed of . She carried enough coal to steam at . The ironclad was barque-rigged and had a sail area of . The ship was reboilered at Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in 1889 with two steel cylindrical boilers; the new boilers proved to be less powerful during sea trials. "Hiei" reached a maximum speed of from . Her topmasts were removed in 1895.
Armament and armor.
"Hiei" was fitted with three Krupp rifled breech-loading (RBL) guns and six RBL Krupp guns. All of the 172-millimeter guns were positioned as chase guns, two forward and one aft. The 152-millimeter guns were mounted on the broadside. The ship also carried two short guns for use ashore or mounted on the ship's boats.
During the 1880s, the armament of the ship was reinforced with the addition of four quadruple-barreled Nordenfelt and two quintuple-barreled Nordenfeldt machine guns for defense against torpedo boats. Around the same time she also received two torpedo tubes for Schwartzkopff torpedoes. The anti-torpedo boat armament was again reinforced in 1897 by the addition of a pair of 2.5-pounder Hotchkiss guns. After the end of the Russo-Japanese War, "Hiei"s armament was reduced to six ex-Russian 12-pounder guns and six 2.5-pounders.
The "Kongō"-class corvettes had a wrought-iron armor waterline belt thick amidships that tapered to at the ends of the ship.
History.
The contract for "Hiei" was awarded to Milford Haven Shipbuilding and Engineering Co. in Pembroke Dock, Wales on 24 September 1875 for the price of £119,600, exclusive of armament. Japanese sources universally give the date for "Hiei"s keel-laying as 24 September 1875—the same as that for the awarding of the contract—but historian Hans Langerer describes this as improbable, arguing that no shipyard would order enough material to begin construction without cash in hand. She was launched on 12 June 1877; Reed's daughter smashed a bottle of champagne on the ship's bow in the traditional Western style. The ship was named for Mount Hiei. Completed in February 1878, "Hiei" sailed for Japan on 22 March under the command of a British captain and with a British crew because the IJN was not yet ready for such a long voyage. One of the passengers aboard her was the future admiral Togo Heihachiro, who had just completed six years of study in the United Kingdom. She arrived in Yokohama on 22 May and was assigned to the Tokai Naval District a month later. On 10 July a formal ceremony was held in Yokohama for the receipt of the ship that was attended by the Meiji Emperor and many senior government officials. The ship was opened for tours by the nobility, their families and invited guests for three days after the ceremony. On 14 July, the general public was allowed to tour the ship for a week.
During 1880, "Hiei" visited ports in India, Persia, the Persian Gulf and various ports in Southeast Asia. The ship made annual port visits to Jinsen in Korea in 1881 through 1883. She was assigned to the Small Standing Fleet in 1886 and became a training ship in 1887 the following year. Together with her sister ship , "Hiei" sailed from Shinagawa, Tokyo on 13 August 1889 on a training cruise to the Mediterranean with cadets from the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, returning on 2 February 1890. On 5 October the sisters departed Shinagawa for Kobe to pickup the 69 survivors of the wrecked and continued on to Constantinople, Turkey to return them to their homeland. They arrived on 2 January 1891, and the ships' officers were received by Sultan Abdul Hamid II. The ships also carried a class of naval cadets. On the return voyage, they made a port visit at Piraeus where they were visited by King George I of Greece and his son, Crown Prince Constantine. Making stops at Alexandria, Port Said, Aden, Colombo, Singapore and Hong Kong, the sisters arrived at Shinagawa on 10 May.
"Hiei" began another cadet cruise on 30 September 1891 and visited Australia and Manila before returning to Shinagawa on 10 April 1892. The ship was not in service in 1893, but she was recommissioned before the beginning of the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894. "Hiei" was assigned to the Standing Fleet on 2 July. She was the last ship in the Japanese line during the Battle of the Yalu River in September and was heavily damaged when her captain decided to pass through the Chinese fleet rather than try to keep up with the faster Main Squadron. The ship became the target of most of the Chinese ships and was forced to disengage to prevent further damage. "Hiei" was transferred to the West-Sea Fleet on 14 October, and the sisters were assigned to the Second Raiding Unit in December for operations against the Chinese port of Weihaiwei. The ships were present during the Battle of Weihaiwei in January–February 1895, although neither saw any significant combat. "Hiei" took part in the invasion of Formosa in 1895, and participated in the bombardment of the Chinese coastal forts at Takow (Kaohsiung) on 13 October 1895. 
After the war, "Hiei" alternated her training cruises with "Kongō", making the 1897 cruise to the West Coast of North America and Hawaii from 13 April to 20 September and repeating the same cruise from 14 December 1898 to 28 August 1899. During that cruise, on 21 March 1898, the ship was re-designated as a 3rd-class coast defense ship, although she retained her training duties. Both ships made the 1902 cruise, their last, to Manila and Australia from 19 February to 25 August. "Hiei" played a minor role in the Russo-Japanese War before she was reclassified as a survey ship in 1906. "Hiei" was stricken from the Navy List on 1 April 1911 and ordered to be sold on 21 December. The exact date of her sale is not known, although Maizuru Naval District reported her sale on 25 March 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="2917455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917455" title="Izium">
Izium

Izium (; also Romanized Izum, Izyum; literally raisins), is a city situated on the Donets River in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. Serving as the administrative center of the Iziumsky Raion (district), the city is located approximately 75 miles (120 km) southeast of the oblast capital, Kharkiv.
First mentioned in 1571 in connection with the Izium Warpath of the Crimean Tatars, Izyum was a significant centre of the Sloboda Ukraine and home to a regiment of Cossacks between 1688 and 1765. The delight of the visitor to the town is the five-domed Baroque cathedral of the Saviour's Transfiguration (1684). Its remarkable similarity to the old cathedral of Kharkov suggests the hand of the same master. The cathedral was renovated in 1902 and restored in 1955. The churches of Ascension (1819-21) and of St. Nicholas (1809-23) rank among the finest Neoclassical buildings in the region.
During World War II, the Red Army held a large bridgehead here, allowing for a salient that was cut off by counterattacking German forces and eliminated in one of the most expensive learning errors for the Red Army. Izium was occupied by the German Army from 24 June 1942 to 5 February 1943.
Geography.
Climate.
The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "Dfb". (Warm Summer Continental Climate).

</doc>
<doc id="2917456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917456" title="Bill Spence (musician)">
Bill Spence (musician)

Bill Spence (born August 12, 1940 in Iowa City, Iowa) is a hammered dulcimer player from New York.
Music.
Spence began playing the hammered dulcimer after hearing Howie Mitchell at the 1969 Fox Hollow Festival in Petersburgh, New York. He made his first dulcimer following a plan in Mitchell's book. The only hammered dulcimer recordings available at the time were by Mitchell and another player, Chet Parker on the Folkways label. Spence developed his own style, working out tunes he heard on recordings of other instruments.
In 1970, Spence helped form Fennig's All-Stars, which featured his hammered dulcimer as the lead instrument. The group made its first recording, "The Hammered Dulcimer" in 1973, using a two-track recorder in Spence's living room. The album was widely distributed (over 60,000 copies have been sold), and became very influential in the early part of the hammered dulcimer revival. One of the cuts from the record ("Gaspé Reel" and "Fiddle Head Reel") was used as the theme for the popular PBS series "Crockett's Victory Garden". The album was also designated as a "Recording of Special Merit" by "Stereo Review" magazine.
"The Hammered Dulcimer" also marked the beginning of Spence's own record label, Front Hall Records. In addition to several further albums by Spence and Fennig's All-Stars, the label also released albums by a number of other folk performers, including John McCutcheon, Walt Michael and Company, Louis Killen, and Alistair Anderson. Spence and his wife, Andy, also operated "Andy's Front Hall", a mail-order business selling instruments, recordings, instructional materials, and related items. In 2005, the business was scaled down from a full-service operation.
Biography.
Spence graduated from the University of Iowa in 1962, with a degree in Communications. He worked for the Army Security Agency until 1965, and then at the State University of New York at Albany as an audio-visual and computer graphics specialist until retiring in 1998. He currently lives in Voorheesville, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2917463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917463" title="Pilgrim Psychiatric Center">
Pilgrim Psychiatric Center

Pilgrim Psychiatric Center, formerly known as Pilgrim State Hospital, is a state-run psychiatric hospital located in Brentwood, New York. At the time it opened, it was the largest hospital of any kind in the world. Its size has never been exceeded by any other facility, though it's now far smaller than it once was.
History.
By 1900 overcrowding in New York City's psychiatric asylums had become a serious problem. There were several strategies implemented to deal with the escalating patient overload. One was to put the patients to work, farming in a relaxed setting on what was then rural Long Island. The new state hospitals were dubbed "farm colonies" because of their live-and-work treatment programs and emphasis on agriculture. However, these farm colonies, Kings Park State Hospital, (later named Kings Park Psychiatric Center) and Central Islip State Hospital (later named Central Islip Psychiatric Center), became overcrowded, like the institutions they were meant to replace.
New York State began making plans for a third farm colony, which was to become Pilgrim State Hospital, named in honor of the former New York State Commissioner of Mental Health, Dr. Charles W. Pilgrim. The state bought approximately of land in Brentwood and began construction on the hospital in 1929. Pilgrim State Hospital opened on October 1, 1931 as a close-knit community with its own police and fire department, courts, post office, a LIRR station, power plant, swine farm, church, cemetery and water tower, as well as houses for staff and administrators. A series of underground tunnels were used for routing utilities. Each set of buildings were known as quads, a pattern of four buildings situated around a center building, where the kitchen was located. 
The hospital continued to grow as the patient population increased. Eventually, the state of New York bought up more land to the southwest of the facility to construct Edgewood State Hospital, a short-lived facility that was a subsidiary of Pilgrim State Hospital. In fact, Pilgrim State Hospital was so large that it reached into four Suffolk towns: Huntington, Babylon, Smithtown and Islip, and had two state roads passing through its bounds.
During World War II, the War Department took control of Edgewood State Hospital, along with three new buildings at Pilgrim State Hospital, buildings 81, 82, and 83. The War Department constructed numerous temporary structures and renamed Edgewood State Hospital and buildings 81–83 "Mason General Hospital," a psychiatric hospital devoted to treating battle-traumatized soldiers. Renowned filmmaker John Huston, who received a special commission in the U.S. Army Signal Corps during World War II, made a documentary at Mason General Hospital called "Let There Be Light", which showed the effects of war on mental health. The film was highly controversial and was not seen by the public until 1981.
After World War II, Pilgrim State Hospital experienced an increase in patient population that made it the world's largest hospital, with 13,875 patients and over 4,000 employees. In the 1950s more aggressive treatments, such as lobotomy and electro-convulsive therapy (ECT) were implemented. The best known controversy about this surrounded the case of Beulah Jones, a patient there between 1952 and 1972 who received both such treatments and was left seriously impaired. However, Pilgrim State Hospital and the other state hospitals began to decline shortly afterwards with the advent of pharmaceutical alternatives to institutionalization.
Dr. Henry Brill served as the director of Pilgrim from 1958 to 1974 and presided over both the introduction of the new anti-psychotic medications and the large numbers of discharges related to good response to these medications.
Death of the "Farm Colonies".
As psychiatric medication and community care became an increasingly viable alternative to institutionalization, large mental institutions began to decline. Edgewood, the last psychiatric hospital to be built on Long Island, closed its doors in December, 1971, following decentralization. Kings Park and Central Islip remained open, while slowly downsizing. During this time Pilgrim was not exempt from downsizing either, with parts of the campus closing throughout the 1970s and 1980s. Buildings 81–83 were briefly used as a correctional facility in the 1980s, but after community protest they were renovated and reverted to psychiatric use. In the early 1990s, with declining patient populations in the three remaining hospitals, the New York State Office of Mental Health (formerly the Department of Mental Hygiene) began making plans to re-organize the Long Island hospitals, which were implemented in the fall of 1996, when Kings Park and Central Islip were closed, and the remaining patients from those facilities were transferred to Pilgrim or released into community care. Parts of Central Islip Psychiatric Center became a campus for the New York Institute of Technology, as well as a residential and commercial development. At Kings Park, three buildings housing community residences administered by Pilgrim remain open. Much of the former campus has become a state park, while the rest sits unused.
Pilgrim today.
Today, the much smaller Pilgrim Psychiatric Center is the last of the state institutions still operating on Long Island. The farm was sold, the land developed, and it became the Western Campus of the Suffolk County Community College in 1974. 
Gerald Wolkoff bought the property's for $21 million in 2002 and announced a plan to build a $4 billion residential/office complex, called Heartland Town Center, on the site which borders his Heartland Business Park, which is to the west of the complex. In preparation, several former hospital buildings were demolished in 2003, however, rebuilding has not yet begun. In 2011, the former housing facilities for the hospital staff were demolished in further preparation of redevelopment. Demolition of the old medical/surgical building, male and female admissions buildings and the old administration building was completed in 2012.
On July 1, 2009 Dr. Anand D. Nadkarni M.D. retired after 27 years of state service. Dr. Nadkarni had worked as an Attending Psychiatrist from 1987 to 1994, when he moved to take on supervisory positions. He eventually became the Chief of Psychiatry. During his tenure at Pilgrim, Dr. Nadkarni also had his own Private Practice and worked for the Town of Islip. He currently serves as the Medical Director for ACCESS/ACCESSO, an Alcohol & Drug Counseling Center in Islip.
Pilgrim Psychiatric Center hosts a museum, which displays items from Kings Park, Central Islip, Pilgrim, and Edgewood, such as photos, newsletters, relics from abandoned and demolished buildings, and other historical information.\
Located in Building 45 contact Al Cebelli the head of the museum
Another proposed project for the site is the Pilgrim Intermodal Freight Transportation Center, which would be a facility for transloading freight from trains to trucks. It would be built on a tract owned by the state and use a rail siding of the Long Island Rail Road that previously carried freight and visitors to the hospital.
Miscellaneous.
In 1985 the movie "Murder: By Reason of Insanity", starring Candice Bergen, was filmed on the grounds of Pilgrim State Hospital, in Building 14. This movie was based on Adam Berwid, who had murdered his wife on a Day Pass from the hospital. Staff working at the facility were able to audition for small roles. The case was also the subject of a 1980 segment of CBS's 60 Minutes.
Allen Ginsberg's mother, Naomi Livergant Ginsberg, who suffered with schizophrenia throughout most of her life, died at Pilgrim State Hospital in 1956. "Pilgrim State" is mentioned in "Howl", which is widely considered among his greatest works. 
Pilgrim State Hospital is mentioned in the 2009 documentary movie Cropsey, as having reportedly housed the mother of convicted child kidnapper Andre Rand. One of Andre's supposed victims, Jennifer Schweiger, was found buried in a shallow grave behind the grounds of the abandoned Willowbrook State School which was built under the same design as Pilgrim State Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="2917464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917464" title="Gustav Andreas Tammann">
Gustav Andreas Tammann

Gustav Andreas Tammann (born 24 July 1932) was the director of the Astronomical Institute of the University of Basel, Switzerland, European Space Agency member of the Space Telescope Advisory Team, and Member of Council of the European Southern Observatory. His research interests include supernovae and the extragalactic distance scale. Tammann is a former President of the International Astronomical Union Commission on Galaxies.
Tammann is the grandson of the physical chemist Gustav Tammann.
Accolades.
In 2000 he received the Albert Einstein Medal that is given for "outstanding scientific findings, works, or publications related to Albert Einstein" and the Tomalla Prize for his efforts in measuring the expansion rate of the universe and especially for his pioneering work using Supernovae as standard candles. In 2005 received the Karl Schwarzschild Medal.
The asteroid 18872 Tammann is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2917470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917470" title="Natural Law Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election">
Natural Law Party of Ontario candidates, 1999 Ontario provincial election

The Ontario Natural Law Party ran a number of candidates in the 1999 provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Candidates.
Brampton West—Mississauga: Mei Sze Viau.
Viau is a web designer and developer, and is the project manager of Creative Design Pixel. She has a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Hong Kong (1989), and in 2002 was awarded a Master of Arts degree in Digital Media from the Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield, Iowa. Viau is fluent in English and Cantonese.[http://www.creativepixeldesign.com/about.html]
She received 252 votes (0.57%), finishing fourth against Tony Clement of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Broadview—Greenwood: Bob Hyman.
Hyman, once a securities salesman, described himself in the 1990s as a meditation teacher and yogic flyer ("Toronto Star", 30 May 1997). He was an Ontario organizer for the Natural Law Party of Canada in 1993 and 1997, and also served as a director of the Maharishi Vedic College. In 1999, he was listed as Natural Law Party chairman ("Toronto Star", 22 October 1993, "Kitchener-Waterloo Record", 28 May 1999). A 1995 newspaper report lists him as thirty-eight years old ("Toronto Star", 5 June 1995). 
Hyman campaigned for the federal and provincial Natural Law parties on four occasions, and was also the NLP candidate for Mayor of Toronto in 1994. On election night, he presented victorious candidate Barbara Hall with a garland of flowers ("Globe and Mail", 15 November 1994).
Don Valley West: Debbie Weberg.
Weberg was a four-time candidate for the federal and provincial Natural Law parties. She worked as administrative assistant to an investment firm, and was a consultant to the proposed Maharishi Veda Land theme park in Niagara Falls. She was thirty-seven years old in 1995.
Glengarry—Prescott—Russell: Mary Glasser.
Mary L. Glasser was raised in Kitchener. She was identified as the director of the Maharishi Ayurveda Health Centre in Huntsville, Ontario, in a 1990 article in the "Toronto Star". This centre promoted a form of alternative medicine known as "Maharishi Ayurveda", a form of Ayurveda healing designed by the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Glasser later moved to Ottawa, and ran the Maharishi Ayur Veda College in that city. She ran for the Natural Law Party of Ontario in the electoral division of Lincoln in the 1995 provincial election, arguing that relaxation techniques such as transcendental meditation and yoga could reduce health care costs by seventy-nine per cent. She later ran for the Natural Law Party of Canada in the 1997 federal election, and for the provincial party again in 1999.
London—Fanshawe: Wanda Beaver.
Beaver was born in Ontario's Niagara District fruit belt, and is a graduate of the Ontario College of Art and Design. She is the proprietor of Wanda's Pie in the Sky, a dessert franchise which sells pies, cakes and related goods to several upscale restaurants in Toronto. As of 2005, the business grossed nearly one million dollars per year.
She campaigned for the Natural Law Party of Canada in the 1993 federal election, and received 371 votes (0.90%) against Liberal incumbent Jesse Flis in Parkdale—High Park.
Beaver received 172 votes in the 1999 election, finishing sixth against Progressive Conservative candidate Frank Mazzilli.
Nepean—Carleton: Brian Ernest Jackson.
Jackson was a perennial candidate for the Natural Law Party in provincial and federal elections. He operates Brian Jackson CFP, an independent planning group in Ottawa which places orders for mutual funds, personal insurance, segregated funds, GIC's and Labour Sponsored Investment Funds. Jackson is a supporter of socially responsible investing, and is a Professional Member of the Social Investment Organization.[http://web.archive.org/web/20041107183859/chumeshop.com/Index.asp?storeid=10103]
Peterborough: Robert Mayer.
Robert Mayer was a Natural Law candidate in two federal and two provincial elections. When running for federal office, he alternately described himself as a managing director and an administrator During the 1997 federal election, he said that a shortage of jobs and lack of job security were the main issues for voters in his riding.
St. Catharines: Helene Anne Darisse.
Helene Anne Darisse received 272 votes (0.58%), finishing fourth against Liberal incumbent Jim Bradley.
Sudbury: Bernard Fram.
Bernard Fram received 184 votes (0.50%), finishing fourth against Liberal incumbent Rick Bartolucci.
Trinity—Spadina: Ron Robins.
Robins is a former Bay Street investment analyst, and a frequent candidate for the Natural Law Party. He has long been involved in the transcendental meditation movement, and was a TM instructor in Toronto as early as 1988 ("Toronto Star", 10 April 1988). Robins has worked in stress management and creativity consulting programs for several Canadian corporations.("Toronto Star", 22 October 1993). In 2004, he argued that ethical investment practices would yield higher financial returns ("National Post", 11 September 2004).
Robins first campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1995 provincial election. During this campaign, he argued that transcendental meditation could be used in Ontario's prison population to reduce crime levels ("Toronto Star", 5 June 1995). 
Windsor—St. Clair: Janet Shorten.
Shorten lived in Gloucester, near Ottawa, at the time of the election. ("Windsor Star", 21 May 1999). She received 159 votes (0.41%), finishing sixth against Liberal Dwight Duncan.
Windsor West: Lynn Tobin.
Tobin campaigned as a candidate of the Natural Law Party of Canada in the 1993 federal election, and received 370 votes in the Newfoundland riding of Bonavista—Trinity—Conception. The winner was Fred Mifflin of the Liberal Party of Canada. At the time of the election, Tobin listed herself as a health-care professional living in Huntsville.
She received 162 votes (0.44%) in the 1999 provincial election, finishing sixth against Liberal candidate Sandra Pupatello. She lived in Ottawa at the time of the election ("Windsor Star", 21 May 1999).
Footnotes.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="2917471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917471" title="Pervomaysk">
Pervomaysk

Pervomaysk or Pervomaisk are the toponyms derived from the "Первое мая" ("1st of May"), the International Workers' Day.
They may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917477" title="Sachiko">
Sachiko


</doc>
<doc id="2917487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917487" title="Body and Soul (Jenny Morris album)">
Body and Soul (Jenny Morris album)

Body and Soul is the first solo studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris, released in July 1987 (see 1987 in music) by Warner Music Group.

</doc>
<doc id="2917491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917491" title="All This and Rabbit Stew">
All This and Rabbit Stew

All This and Rabbit Stew is a one-reel animated cartoon short subject in the "Merrie Melodies" series, produced in Technicolor and released to theatres on September 20, 1941 by Warner Bros. and Vitaphone. It was produced by Leon Schlesinger and directed by an uncredited Tex Avery, with musical supervision by Carl W. Stalling 
The cartoon was the final Avery-directed Bugs Bunny short to be released. Although it was produced before "The Heckling Hare" (after the production of which Avery was suspended from the Schlesinger studio and defected to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer), it was released afterwards. The title is a parody of that of "All This and Heaven Too". Because the cartoon was released after Avery left Warner Bros., Avery's name does not appear in the credits. 
After copyright on "All This and Rabbit Stew" expired in 1969, the film fell into the public domain. The cartoon has been considered highly controversial due to racial stereotyping, which prompted United Artists to withhold this cartoon from syndication a year before it entered the public domain, making it one of the infamous Censored Eleven. The plot has Bugs Bunny hunted by a slow-witted African American hunter who sounds and looks like Stepin Fetchit.
Synopsis.
An African American hunter walks over to a rabbit hole where Bugs is eating his carrots. Bugs is led to a trunk where he tricks the hunter into destroying the tree. Bugs distracts the hunter after introducing himself, and digs underground and when the hunter realizes that Bugs has his gun. Bugs has the hunter run far enough so he can go down the rabbit hole. Realizing that he has been had, the hunter uses a toilet plunger to catch Bugs. However, Bugs tickles the hunter and flees into another rabbit hole. The hunter grabs the plunger, only to find a skunk under him. Next, Bugs lures the hunter into a cave, where they encounter a black bear. All three of them run into the rabbit hole and when Bugs and the hunter realize the bear is in the hole, they run off in fright.
Realizing that Bugs is on the hunter while walking, the hunter fires off a group of bullets. Bugs chases the bullets into a golf hole and tricks them into entering the cave, where the skunk is at. Bugs then lures the hunter into a log, where he runs numerous times until he falls to the ground. Bugs is confronted by the angered hunter and the two decide to play a dice game. Bugs walks off wearing the hunter's clothes, leaving the man with a leaf covering his crotch. Bugs grabs the leaf during the "iris out".
Analysis.
This was one of four Bugs Bunny short films of 1941 which have him facing a hunter. The others were "Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt", "The Heckling Hare", and "Wabbit Twouble". 
The film contains a reference to World War II, when the hunter threatens to Blitzkrieg Bugs.
The hunter is identified in his model sheet as "Tex's Coon". The hunter fills the role usually associated with Elmer Fudd. He is described as a "shufflin', big lipped, sleepy-eyed country coon". He can not resist a game of craps. The Stepin Fetchit-like character has his shuffling and mumbling exaggerated for comic effect. The caricature is treated with contempt. It was clearly not a criticism of Fetchit and his stereotypical mannerisms.
The hunter is dressed in a hat, a short-sleeved shirt, overalls and oversized shoes. A character with the same attire and demeanor would later be used "Angel Puss" (1944). He is the Sambo of the film. 
Censorship and bans.
Due to the film's racial stereotyping, "All This and Rabbit Stew" has not been seen on television since 1968, and was put under the "Censored Eleven" group of banned "Looney Tunes/Merrie Melodies" shorts. It was one of the 12 cartoons to be pulled from Cartoon Network's "June Bugs" 2001 marathon by order of AOL Time Warner on grounds of the subject material's offensiveness toward African-Americans.
It is also the only Bugs Bunny cartoon in the Censored Eleven. Due to its public domain status, it is not as scarce as most of the others. It can be seen on the internet and on low-budget video releases of public domain cartoons, in all cases as very worn-out and faded prints (neither UA nor Associated Artists Productions [a.a.p.] – from which UA had acquired the cartoons – had access to the original Technicolor negatives, which were being stored at the WB studios).

</doc>
<doc id="2917492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917492" title="Namutoni">
Namutoni

Namutoni is a restcamp on the edge of Etosha pan in the Oshikoto Region in northern Namibia. It is one of the entrance gates to Etosha National Park.
The most prominent structure at Namutoni is "Fort Namutoni", a fort that was originally a German police post and later as a place to hold English prisoners in World War I. The original fort was destroyed shortly after its construction in 1904 and rebuilt a year or two later. The current fort was restored to its present state in 1957 and now largely serves as a lodge, stopover, and view point for visitors to Etosha National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2917497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917497" title="Hadiqa Kiani">
Hadiqa Kiani

Hadiqa Kiani () is a Pakistani singer-songwriter and model.
In 2013, Kiani became a judge on the Pakistani reality television show "Pakistan Idol. "Recently, she has collaborated with the singer Atif Aslam.
Personal life.
Kiani resides in England with her mother, Khawar, who has been paralysed since 2006. In 2005, she adopted a son from Edhi Home, whom she named Naad-E-Ali, which means "the qualities of Hazrat Ali". "I need a child and the child (needs) a mother," she said when adopting the child. On the same day Kiani made an official announcement of the adoption on the Geo News political talk show, "Capital Talk". Later in 2005, Kiani married a UK-based Afghan businessman, Syed Fareed Sarwary. Their "Nikah" was a private event and only very close family members were present at the occasion. However, the marriage did not work out and in 2008 Hadiqa filed for divorce.
Career.
1998: second album "Roshni".
Kiani's third single from the album, "Dupatta" was an instant success. Its video was inspired by the sci-fi film "The Matrix" and was the highest-budget video in Pakistan in 1999. "Dupatta" also gained more popularity than any other single Kiani had released before. The song is also listed in the Twenty Best Pop Songs Ever for Pakistan, where it is positioned at No.15. The success of the song was attributed to its quasi-bhangra rhythm with fat, funky techno beats and Kiani's "dreamy-meets-husky vocals" which made the results "stunning". In the wake of "Dupatta"'s, success Kiani became widely accepted as the country's leading female vocalist.
Kiani's success in 1999 was highlighted when she won PTV World Viewer's Choice Award for the best female singer in 2000. She also released a seventh single from the album, "Intezaar".
"Roshni" sold over a million copies in Pakistan alone. Kiani's image also became a signature look in cities like Karachi. The album is listed in "The 20 Best Local Pop Albums Ever" for the country, positioned at No.15. Kiani is just one of two female singers in the entire list, the other being Nazia Hassan. The review stated
This is the album with which Hadiqa finally overcame her reputation of being a folksy Nazia Hassan imitator. Glided across various different genres in a single album, from millennium techno to crisp FM Pop and the usual Folk-Pop thing. The brilliant production continues to be the highlight here.
In another list called "The 10 Best Local Pop Albums...ever" "Roshni" was placed at number 9. The review also highlighted Hadiqa's rising status by stating
However, on the excellent and crisply produced "Roshni", not only did Hadiqa manage to ultimately become the next Nazia, but the way she so effortlessly glided through the many distinct genres she explores on "Roshni" (from Neo-Filmi-Pop to FM-Pop to Techno), elevated her status to being one of the post-modern Indo-Pak pop scene's leading "pop diva".
Kiani's success led to her being signed by Unilever for celebrity endorsement of Lipton Yellow Label in 2001. In 2002, she was signed again by Unilever for Sunsilk Shampoo. Throughout 2001 and 2002, she performed live concerts in the US, Canada, UK, Middle East, Far East, Australia, Norway, Greece, Bulgaria and Turkey.
2002: third album "Rung".
Kiani released her third album "Rung" (Colors) in September 2002.
She returned to promote the album in June 2003, almost 10 months after she'd released "Yaad Sajan" with a new single "Ranjhan" and several stage performances and tours around the country. She then released other singles off the album throughout 2003 and 2004. These included "Jogi Bun Kay Aa", "Mahi" and "Dholan".
In "Jogi Bun Kay Aa" Kiani plays various women's roles, including a traditional Japanese, an Arab, and a tribal woman. She played a vampire in her video for "Mahi". The video showed that it is harmful to judge people of different faiths and castes, and also bad to stereotype. It was the highest budgeting video of the year 2003. Despite the setback from her divorce, Kiani's album sales picked up through 2003 and 2004. In 2004, she received the Best Female Pop Singer Award by Indus Music, the first 24-hour music channel of Pakistan. Asim Raza won an award for best video for directing her video "Mahi".
"Rung" got mixed reviews from experts. Overall it did not capitalise on the momentum generated by "Roshni". Many argue that this is because Rung has more mature slow paced ballads than "Roshni", while some say the turmoils of her personal life are to blame. However, Kiani still remained a strong figure in the industry. Her name was mentioned in "Pakistani Pop's 10 most Influential Acts Ever", in which she was ranked ninth. She is also one of just 2 female singers in the list, the other being Nazia Hassan. A UK-based Magazine declared Kiani the 22nd greatest music maker of South Asia out of a total of fifty artists, also mentioning how she raised the standard of music videos in the country.
2007: fourth album "Rough Cut".
In 2007, Kiani released her fourth studio album, "Rough Cut", a collaboration with Aamir Zaki. The album had seen frequent delays in its release both due to Kiani's busy schedule in 2005 and 2006 and because Zaki had moved to Canada while the album was being recorded. With the release of 'Rough Cut', Kiani became the first mainstream Pakistani artist to release a complete English album. It is also her only album thus far which her website has officially put up for sale online.
In April 2007 Kiani released the first single for the album, titled "Living This Lie", a song which talks about the stressful life of being a star. The same week, Kiani was named "Hotstepper of the week" for a Karachi-based magazine. The magazine also stated that ultimately, as long as Kiani is around, there is still hope for women in the patriarchal music world of Pakistan.
Kiani's second single that was released from the album is titled "All The Same". "Rough Cut" failed to perform on the charts and did not sell as much as Kiani's older works. Many experts have said that since an overwhelming majority of people in the country do not understand English the album did not sell as well. It has not yet been confirmed whether Kiani will release a third single from the album. However, there are rumors that the track "City of Fallen Angels" will get a video release in which Karachi will be the city referred to in the song.
The single titled "Living This Lie" got nominated for "Best English Song" for "The Musik Awards" in 2007. Due to the emergency situations occurring in the country in 2007, however, the awards were called off. Kiani also got nominated for Best Female Singer in the same awards.
2009: fifth album "Aasmaan".
In June 2009, Kiani switched record labels to Fire Records and released a new album titled "Aasmaan" (translated: sky) on 17 June 2009. It is Kiani's first album in local languages since her release of "Rung" back in 2002. In the album, she sings in Urdu, Punjabi, Hindko, Pashto, Dari, and many other dialects. One song in the album has vocals featured by her elder brother (and manager) Irfan Kiani. She has also collaborated with UK producer JKD(Jawad Hyder)& rapper NAS-T on two tracks of the album, "Sohnya" and "Dil Mera". She also sings a Pashto duet with Pashto singer Irfan Khan.
The first single of the album is "Sohnya". The official video of "Sohnya" was premiered a day before Kiani released the album. Since then the song+video has stayed on the Aag10 Charts for over a month thus Kiani received a Shield from Aag10 for being the Artist of the Month.
Within the next month Kiani released her second single from the album titled "Tuk Tuk". The video was directed in India by Sajan Agarwaal. This was Kiani's first video ever to be shot in India. Rightfully, the video communicates a strong Bollywood theme; Kiani told her fans of her Facebook site that the video was a Parody of "A Filmy Muhallaha".
The album has stayed Number One on the Vibes Charts of INSTEP Magazine for one year now consistently. At the end of 2009 Aasmaan was named the Best Album of 2009 according to sales volume, popularity and internet downloads.
Every single released from the album `Aasmaan' has reached number one.
"Sohnya" was number one AAG10 Charts for over a month and was titled the best Pop Song of 2009 according to The Nation.
"Tuk Tuk" has been Number One on UK's Prime Tv Charts.
"Az Chashme Saqi" has been Number One on PlayTv Charts for quite some time. At the end of 2009 it was declared the third best music video of 2009 according to Koolmuzone.
Then came February 2010, Kiani had collaborated with relatively unknown Pashto singer Irfan Khan for a remix of his song "Janan". The song has become Kiani's biggest hit till date and some say that it has even topped "Boohey Barian". "Janan" had reached over one million views on YouTube within a few months of its video debut. Janan was even mentioned in the "Los Angeles Times", it was the first Pakistani pop song to ever be mentioned in the newspaper. Kiani nailed the Pashto accent and has fully embraced the Pashto culture. Some Pakhtoons even started to call her Hadiqa Pathani, Kiani then started a massive trend in Pakistan of embracing Pashto culture, girls started to wear Pashto style dresses imitating Kiani's looks on the red carpet etc. The song broke barriers, Kiani being a Punjabi singing a Pashto song and appealing to not only Pakistani Pashto audiences, but to the world wide audience. "Janan" has brought Kiani back to an "Icon" status in Pakistan for the youth.
Worldwide performances and awards.
Her increasing popularity was further highlighted in 1997 when Kiani became the first Asian singer ever to perform on the British National Lottery Live BBC1 (estimated viewership 16.6 million). Later on she worked on two more shows with Bally Sagoo for BBC 2 and ITV before moving to perform in the US. Her US tour covered 15 states and a show in Canada too. The same year Kiani performed on several other international events such as "Celebration Hong Kong 97", alongside other singers like Lisa Stansfield, Wet Wet Wet, Michael Learns to Rock, All-4-One and The Brand New Heavies. By the end of the year she became the first Asian female singer ever to be signed by Pepsi Cola International. She is also the second female in the world to achieve this, with the first being Gloria Estefan.
Kiani did not release any single to promote "Rung" sales in 2005 and 2006. However, she continued to build on her success by touring heavily these years. Most of the time she was the official representative of Pakistan appointed by the government.
On 11 August 2005, Kiani performed in Nagoya for the Prime Minister of Japan Mr.Junichiro Koizumi. Kiani was invited to perform in Toronto on 14 Aug 2005 by The Pakistani Consulate. She performed in Houston on 13 August 2005. The show was at Sam Houston Race Park, and it was attended by over 15000 people. Chief guest of the show was Sheila Jackson Lee who is a member of the US House of Representatives. Kiani was asked to take out the lucky draws of PIA and she announced the names of the lucky winners. She then performed at the "Mets" in "Shea Stadium" New York on 18 August 2005. She also performed at the Pakistan Day Parade in New York on 28 August 2005.
She performed in Malaysia on 2 October 2005 at the newly built Convention Centre in Kuala Lumpur downtown. The Honorary Prime Minister of Pakistan Mr.Shaukat Aziz was the chief guest of the show. The show was part of Expo 2005 in Malaysia. Important business and political personalities from both countries attended the show. She sang a Malay song, not a Pakistani song.
Kiani represented Pakistan on the 25th Anniversary of the Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) Research Centre for Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRCICA) in Turkey. Islamic Countries such as Azerbaijan, U.A.E, Iran, Qatar, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz Republic, Kuwait, Lebanon, Egypt, Sudan, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Tanzania, Turkey, Pakistan and Yemen took part in the celebrations. The event was organised by Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality. She performed at the AKM concert Hall on 23 November 2005. Among the audience were musicians from various countries. The biggest surprise for the audience was when Kiani sang "Sanalama" (Turkish song of Living Legend "Sezanaksu"). She told the audience that as Turkey stood beside Pakistan in good and bad times, she wanted to convey the love of Pakistani people for the Turks. She also told that she visited Turkey as a child star in 80s and represented Pakistan in the International Children's Festival in Turkey so had beautiful childhood memories associated with Turkey. The audience gave her a standing ovation. At the end of her performance, The Mayor of Istanbul presented a bouquet of flowers to her. After her performance she received invitations for Pakistan to participate in the upcoming Art festivals in various countries such as Iran, Syria, Qatar and Lebanon. During her stay in Istanbul she officially visited various historical sites in Turkey and conveyed the love of Pakistan for Turkey. Her performance in Istanbul was important news in various Turkish News papers.
Kiani performed in China for the Chinese 2nd Premier on 21 Feb 2006. She performed for President George W. Bush on 4 March 2006. Commenting on her performance, Bush said he liked her accent and wanted her to perform in US. She performed for the Crown Prince of Brunei Al-Muhtadee Billah Bolkiah on 29 May 2006.
Kiani performed for Laura Bush on 21 September 2006 at The Kennedy Center, Washington, D.C.. She closed the year by performing for Prince Charles on 30 October 2006, and the Chinese president on 23 November 2006.
On 23 March 2006, Kiani was awarded the Tamgha-e-Imtiaz by the Government of Pakistan, one of the highest civil awards of the country, in acknowledgement of her services in the field of music and for shining an encouraging light on the country for over a decade. The award was announced on 14 August 2005 but the ceremony was performed on 23 March of the next year.
"Pakistan Idol" and television work.
Kiani will appear as a judge on an upcoming TV show on Geo TV called "Pakistan" "Idol". The show itself has seen airing date delays due to the crisis in the country in the Winter of 2007 and is still in production. As of 1 August 2008 Geo TV, announced that the show and its auditions have been put on hold until further notice. Kiani stated in an interview, "I am very excited to be a judge and hope I can fish out some incredible talent in Pakistan!. In January 2009, Kiani joined the LG music project and it was announced that she would judge a new musical talent show in Pakistan called "LG Awaaz Banay Star" alongside Salamat Ali and Nizar Lalani. With a successful first season run, Geo announced that the show was to close down, due to political reasons in the country.
Other work.
In March 2007, Kiani was one of the many artists featured in a widely popular track called "Yeh Hum Naheen". In this song, various Pakistani artists joined to send out a message that the stereotype of Pakistanis is not correct and that they oppose again Terrorism. The song also conveys an anti-terrorism sentiment in the music video and the campaign which Kiani is heavely involved with. Other artists in the song are Haroon, Ali Haider, Ali Zafar, Shafqat Amanat Ali and Strings. The song has been picked up by international stations like Fox News and BBC and has amassed over 70,000 downloads.
Kiani frequently appears in festivals, concerts and reality shows. Despite constant fame, Kiani keeps her personal life as "much as private it can get" and only talks about certain topics, usually involving music. Kiani has appeared on popular chat shows including AAJ TV's "Bean Bag" show, ATV's "A Morning with Farah" show, Geo's "Brunch with Bushra" and most recently on "Good Morning Pakistan" during Spring season 2010.
Kiani works with Edhi Foundation and is involved with many charities, including Muslim Hands. In August 2010, Kiani and her siblings worked with local Pakistanis to donate clothing, water, food and shelter to the flood victims of Pakistan. Kiani also appeared in Geo Tv's telethon Pukaar along with Pop star Ali Zafar to appeal for donations. In collaboration with Pakistan Army, Kiani made visits to Multan Relief Camp, Basti Kalraywala, Muzaffarabad and other flood hit areas, personally distributing goods to the affectees. On 8 November 2010 Kiani was appointed the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) Goodwill ambassador. At the moment Hadiqa is busy helping construct housing facilities in Nowshera, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Nowshera is one of the worst flood hit areas in the country.
2010–present.
In April, Kiani did a photoshoot for Gul Ahmed's 2010 Summer Collection "Chairman Latha" with son "Naaday Ali". Naaday was seen playing plastic drums with mum Hadiqa.
On June 2010, Kiani released the music video of "Be With You" from album "Rough Cut" on her website. The video features three models, searching for their true loves. The song was part of Kiani's first English language album, and won the PMTV Award for Best Music Video in September 2010.
In early 2010, Kiani announced that she began work on her sixth album, which she hopes to release in Summer 2011. Kiani also stated that she has been writing songs independently for the album and that the album would consist her of singing songs in Chinese, French and Spanish.
On 17 October 2010, Kiani released her first single for Pakistan Flood's victims called "Aasmaan". It was an adaptation of Legendary Sezen Aksu's song "Sanalama" and the video featured Kiani's visits to various flood hit areas. Hadiqa also joined an organisation called "Superstars for Flood Relief" later on, which aims to get Pakistani and International stars on board to help create awareness of the devastating floods and motivate more people to come forth and donate. Living legend Abida Parveen has been part of this organisation since the very beginning. Other bands and stars like Strings, Zeb and Haniya, Laal, Shafqat Amanat Ali and Pop star turned Nasheed singer Junaid Jamshed have also joined the cause.

</doc>
<doc id="2917505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917505" title="2003 National League Championship Series">
2003 National League Championship Series

The 2003 National League Championship Series (NLCS) was a Major League Baseball playoff series played from October 7 to 15 to determine the champion of the National League, between the Central Division champion Chicago Cubs and the wild-card qualifying Florida Marlins. The Cubs, by virtue of being a division winner, had the home field advantage. The Marlins came back from a three games to one deficit and won the series in seven games, advancing to the World Series against the New York Yankees.
Background.
The two teams were victorious in the NL Division Series (NLDS), with the Cubs defeating the East Division champion Atlanta Braves three games to two, and the Marlins defeating the West Division champion San Francisco Giants three games to one.
The series is most remembered for events that unfolded in the top of the eighth inning of Game 6. Coming into the game, the Cubs had taken two out of the three games in Miami, with the final two games at Wrigley Field in Chicago. The Cubs also had their best two pitchers, Mark Prior and Kerry Wood, slated to start the final two games. With the Cubs leading 3–0 and just five outs away from their first World Series since , Steve Bartman, a fan, reached for the foul ball hit by Luis Castillo off Prior, preventing Cubs outfielder Moisés Alou from catching it. Castillo proceeded to walk and Prior and the Cubs never recovered from the incident. Aided by Castillo's walk and later an error by Cubs shortstop Alex Gonzalez on a potential double-play grounder, the Marlins went on to score eight runs in the inning and won the game 8–3. There were some odd events leading up to the disastrous 8th inning that many Cubs fans call bad omens of The Curse of the Billy Goat which most notably include Bernie Mac altering Take Me Out to the Ball Game from root for the Cubbies to root for the champs. The Marlins went on to win Game 7 and then to defeat the New York Yankees in the World Series.
Chicago manager Dusty Baker, who won the NL pennant in 2002 with the San Francisco Giants, fell short in his bid to become the first manager ever to take different teams to the World Series in consecutive years.
Game summaries.
Game 1.
Tuesday, October 7, 2003 at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Marlins took Game 1 of the series, coming back from an early 4–0 deficit. They scored five runs in the third on three home runs from Juan Encarnacion, rookie Miguel Cabrera, and Ivan "Pudge" Rodríguez. In the sixth inning, down 6–4, the Cubs tied the game on an Alex S. Gonzalez home run off Josh Beckett. The game remained tied until the ninth where the Marlins took a two-run lead. With two outs and one on in the bottom of the ninth, Sammy Sosa hit a booming home run off Ugueth Urbina to tie the game and send the game into extra innings. In the top of the eleventh, pinch-hitter Mike Lowell hit a solo home run off Mark Guthrie that ultimately proved to be the game winner.
Game 2.
Wednesday, October 8, 2003 at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Cubs cruised behind fireballer Mark Prior. Sosa added his second homerun of the series with a prodigious blast that landed behind the center field camera. Meanwhile, Alex S. Gonzalez, not to be mistaken with the Marlins' Alex L. Gonzalez, sent two homers into the bleachers.
Game 3.
Friday, October 10, 2003 at Pro Player Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida
Another back and forth affair, similar to Game 1, pitted Florida's Mark Redman against Chicago's ace Kerry Wood at Pro Player Stadium.
The Cubs once again jumped out on top in the 1st inning, as they had done in the previous two games. Sosa drove in Kenny Lofton with an RBI single. The Cubs plated another run in the 2nd, when a single and a pair of walks were followed by a sacrifice fly by Kerry Wood. The Marlins got a run back in their half of the second when Alex Gonzalez doubled in Miguel Cabrera with two outs.
Other than the Marlins leaving the bases loaded in the 5th, Kerry Wood rolled through the middle innings. Redman too held strong until he was pinch-hit for in the Top of the 7th.
In the bottom of the 7th, the Marlins finally broke through. Gonzalez led off with a single, followed by a Mike Lowell walk. They were both sacrificed to 2nd and 3rd, and then Gonzalez scored the tying run on an RBI groundout by Luis Castillo. When 2 outs and Lowell at third, Ivan Rodriguez singled through the right side to give Florida the lead and knocked Kerry Wood from the game. At home, the Marlins felt a huge swing of energy since up until that point both Prior and Wood had seemed unbeatable in the playoffs.
The momentum however came to a screeching halt the very next half inning when Randall Simon followed up a Tom Goodwin triple with homerun laser into the right-field stands off reliever Chad Fox. The Cubs had suddenly retaken the lead 4-3.
The Marlins then tied the game at 4-4 in the bottom of the 8th against Kyle Farnsworth when Todd Hollandsworth grounded a hit through the left side of the infield to score Cabrera. Florida could not push across any more runs in the 8th and then stranded the bases loaded in the 9th. Both teams were feeling the pressure as the game went into extra innings.
In the Top of the 11th, Lofton singled with 1 out. Then the sparingly used Doug Glanville turned out to be the hero when he smoked a triple into the leftcenterfield gap to drive in Lofton with the go-ahead run. Mike Remlinger retired the Marlins in the bottom half of the 11th to secure the 5-4 victory.
Down 2 games to 1, the defeat was a heavy blow to the Marlins who squandered several chances with runners in scoring position all night long. The debilitating loss seemed to carry over into the following night's game.
Game 4.
Saturday, October 11, 2003 at Pro Player Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida
Aramis Ramírez blasted a first inning grand-slam, the first in Cubs postseason history, and the Cubs cruised to an 8–3 victory putting them just one victory away from their first World Series in nearly sixty years. This was the last playoff game won by the Cubs, ; they are 0–9 in postseason play since this game.
Game 5.
Sunday, October 12, 2003 at Pro Player Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida
With the Marlins facing elimination, Josh Beckett kept them alive by dominating the Cubs, holding them to just two hits and one walk as part of his standout 2003 postseason. The game was scoreless until the sixth inning when Mike Lowell hit a two-run homer. Iván Rodríguez and Jeff Conine homered in the seventh and eighth innings respectively. Even with the loss, the Cubs looked good going back home with their two aces, Mark Prior, for Game 6 and Kerry Wood, ready to start Game 7.
Game 6.
Tuesday, October 14, 2003 at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Cubs held a 3–0 lead going into the top of the eighth inning in Game 6 and, after Mike Mordecai hit a high pop fly to left field for the first out of the inning, had only two outs left in the inning—leaving the team a mere five outs away from their first World Series berth since 1945.
Prior had retired the last eight hitters and had allowed only three hits up to that point. Center fielder Juan Pierre (who was later traded to the Cubs) then hit a double off Prior.
On the eighth pitch of his at bat, Luis Castillo hit a high foul ball toward the left field wall. Cubs left fielder Moisés Alou (a former Marlin) headed toward the stands to catch the ball for the potential second out. As Alou reached for the ball, Cubs fan, Steve Bartman, along with others near the area, did the same. The ball bounced off Bartman's hand and into the stands. Though the Cubs pleaded for a call of fan interference, left field umpire Mike Everitt, ruled that the ball had left the field of play and was therefore up for grabs. Alou initially acknowledged that he would not have made the catch though he later denied making such a statement and said if he had, it was only to make Bartman feel better.
As a result, Castillo remained an active batter at home plate. On the next pitch, Prior walked Castillo with a wild pitch that got away from catcher Paul Bako, also allowing Pierre to advance to third base.
Next, Iván Rodríguez hit an 0–2 pitch hard into left field, singling and scoring Pierre. Miguel Cabrera then hit a ground ball toward Cubs shortstop Alex S. Gonzalez that could have ended the inning on a double play. Gonzalez, who led all NL shortstops in fielding percentage, closed his glove too early and the ball landed in the dirt, allowing Cabrera to get on base, loading the bases. On the next pitch, Derrek Lee (a future Cubs All-Star) drilled a double into left field, scoring Castillo and Rodríguez to tie the game at 3–3.
Prior was then taken out of the game and replaced by Kyle Farnsworth, who intentionally walked Mike Lowell to load the bases. Jeff Conine then hit a sacrifice fly to right field for the second out of the inning, allowing Cabrera to score from third and the other runners to each advance one base. This gave the Marlins their first lead of the night. Farnsworth intentionally walked Todd Hollandsworth (another future Cub) to once again load the bases.
The Marlins now having batted around the order, Farnsworth faced Mike Mordecai, who was looking to make up for his earlier out. This time, Mordecai prevailed, hitting a base-clearing double to left-center field, allowing Lee, Lowell and Hollandsworth to score and making it a 7–3 Marlins lead.
Farnsworth was then taken out of the game and replaced by Mike Remlinger, who gave up a single to Pierre to score Mordecai from second base. Finally, Luis Castillo hit a high pop fly ball to shallow right field for the third out.
The Marlins' lead held, forcing a final Game 7.
Game 7.
Wednesday, October 15, 2003 at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois
The Marlins got off to a quick 3–0 lead in the first inning against Cubs pitching ace Kerry Wood, who hadn't lost at Wrigley Field in nearly six weeks. The Cubs responded by tying the ball game 3–3 in the second inning, which featured a two-run home run by Wood. Moisés Alou's two-run home run the following inning put Chicago up 5–3, but the lead wouldn't last. In the fifth inning, Florida capitalized on a pair of walks and scored three runs to go on top 6–5, a lead they would not relinquish. The Marlins added a run in the sixth and two more in the seventh to expand their lead to 9–5. Cubs pinch-hitter Troy O'Leary hit a home run the bottom of the seventh, making the score 9–6. After the Cubs were retired in order in the eighth inning, Florida closer Ugueth Urbina hit Aramis Ramirez with a pitch to lead off the ninth inning and proceeded to retire the following three batters, giving the Marlins their second National League Pennant in their eleven-year existence.
Composite box.
2003 NLCS (4–3): Florida Marlins over Chicago Cubs

</doc>
<doc id="2917509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917509" title="Queensland Youth Orchestras">
Queensland Youth Orchestras

The Queensland Youth Orchestras (QYO) is Australia's leading organisation for orchestral training and performance and is currently based at the Old Museum building in Gregory Terrace, Bowen Hills, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It also houses Queensland's premiere youth orchestra, The Queensland Youth Symphony. 
Under the artistic leadership of Maestro John Curro AM MBE since 1966, the Queensland Youth Symphony has often been regarded as being one of the top youth orchestras in Australia.
QYO is a member of Youth Orchestras Australia (YOA), a network comprising the major state youth orchestras of Australia and the Australian Youth Orchestra.
Queensland Youth Orchestras consists of three symphony orchestras, two concert bands, a junior string orchestra, a chamber orchestra and a big band. Each group has its own annual program of rehearsals, tutorials, music camps, concerts and tours for musicians.
500 musicians in 8 orchestras perform more than 60 concerts throughout Queensland each year. The leading orchestra, the Queensland Youth Symphony conducted by John Curro AM MBE, tours internationally every four years and regularly performs with world-class soloists such as Christopher Wrench.
Each October, around 640 musicians audition for QYO before a panel of professional musicians and over 500 musicians are offered positions in orchestras. Performing members of QYO must re-audition for a place each year alongside new applicants.
QYO is based at the Old Museum building in Bowen Hills. The venue allows several orchestras to rehearse simultaneously and houses a concert hall, rehearsal spaces and the QYO Office.
QYO is a non-profit organisation requiring substantial funds to fulfil its mission. In order of magnitude, the organisation's main sources of income are from membership fees, corporate sponsorship, grants from the State and Federal Governments through Arts Queensland and the Australia Council, concert income and fundraising activities.
Conductors.
John Curro AM MBE: Conductor of QYS (Queensland Youth Symphony (previously known as QYO1)) since 1966 and founder of QYO. He also established the National Youth Concerto Competition (NYCC).
Sergei V. Korschmin: Conductor of QYO2 (Second Queensland Youth Orchestra) since 2003. Sergei Korschmin official website
Dr. Bradley D. Voltz: Conductor of QYO3 (Third Queensland Youth Orchestra) since 1998.
Warrick Potter: Conductor of the Wind Symphony since 2010.
David Law: Conductor of the Wind Ensemble since 2009.
Chen Yang: Conductor of JSE (Junior String Ensemble).
Rafael Karlen: Leader of the Big Band.
National Youth Concerto Competition.
The National Youth Concerto Competition (NYCC) was established in 1976 by QYO founder John Curro AM MBE. Open to string players (violin, viola, cello and bass) in Australia under the age of 17, the NYCC gives young string players "an opportunity to extend themselves beyond the normal AMEB and eisteddfod experiences". Initial applicants submit CD recordings of four pieces. The three finalists are selected to play at a Finals Concert each October, from which an overall winner is chosen. 
Photos of the Old Museum Building.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="2917511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917511" title="Chilcotin">
Chilcotin

Chilcotin, meaning "people of the red ochre river" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917527" title="Pervomaysk, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast">
Pervomaysk, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast

Pervomaysk () is a town in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located south of Nizhny Novgorod. Population: 16,000 (1974).
History.
Until 1951 the town was known as Tashino.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with one work settlement and forty-three rural localities, incorporated as the town of oblast significance of Pervomaysk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of oblast significance of Pervomaysk is incorporated as Pervomaysk Urban Okrug.
Until July 2012, the town served as the administrative center of Pervomaysky District and, within the framework of administrative divisions, was incorporated as a town of district significance. As a municipal division, it was incorporated as Pervomaysk Urban Settlement within Pervomaysky Municipal District.

</doc>
<doc id="2917539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917539" title="Dave Mohammed">
Dave Mohammed

Dave Mohammed (born October 8, 1979) is a West Indian cricketer. He is a left-arm chinaman bowler, and bats left-handed.
Having played only three first-class matches, he was called up to the squad for the third Test against South Africa in March 2001, but did not make his Test debut until January 2004, again against South Africa. After one further Test against England he lost the spinner's position to Omari Banks. 
Following a productive domestic season in 2006, Mohammed was recalled firstly to the ODI side, and subsequently to the Test side, for the series against India. A match-winning performance in the final ODI was followed by a half century in the first Test at Antigua, which led to the West Indies hanging on for a draw with one wicket remaining. He played in a subsequent series against Pakistan, where he impressed with his lower-order batting.

</doc>
<doc id="2917545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917545" title="Cody Martin">
Cody Martin

Cody Martin (played by Cole Sprouse) is a main character created by Danny Kallis and Jim Geoghan for "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and its sequel/spin-off "The Suite Life on Deck". Cody also appeared on cross-over episodes of other Disney Channel series, such as "That's So Raven", "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Hannah Montana", "I'm in the Band", "So Random!" and the special, "".
Concept and creation.
Dylan Sprouse stated that the idea of twins living in a hotel was something he and his brother came up with when they were shooting "Big Daddy" and stayed in a hotel for four months. Sprouse said of Zack and Cody, "The characters were originally based off our personalities. In fact, they were originally named Dylan and Cole."
Character information.
Cody was born at St. Joseph's Hospital in Seattle, Washington at 6:40 on a Saturday. The year of his birth is not clear. In "The Suite Life on Deck" episode, "Das Boots", it is said to be 1993. However, in the episode of "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" titled "Poor Little Rich Girl", a baby video of he and his brother is date-stamped September 23, 1992. 
Cody is more erudite, mature and intelligent than Zack. Cody tends to be more sensitive, caring and better behaved than his brother, but he is not perfect; he shows acts of meanness and greed. He generally receives good grades in school, and according to Zack, Cody has a 5.0 grade point average. He is often referred to as a nerd, though he prefers "educationally gifted". London Tipton, daughter of the man who owns the Tipton Hotel in which he resides for the duration of "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", uses him on various occasions to complete her school work. In one episode of The Suite Life on Deck, Cody and Zack fight over the fact that Zack stole an old term paper from Cody rather than writing his own, and Zack admits that he knows he'll never match Cody academically and feels inferior to his brother; in response, Cody admits that he works hard to get grades because Zack is better at sports, better with girls, and more popular, while the only thing Cody has going for him is his intelligence. He is shown to have a strong, almost obsessive, fear of germs. Despite his exceptional intelligence and relative maturity when compared to Zack, Cody does exhibit some comically regressive behaviors, such as calling his mother "Mommy", screaming girlishly when frightened, and carrying a "blankey" as late as age 12. This becomes a running joke throughout the series. In "Big Hair & Baseball," it is revealed that he has astigmatism. Cody is proven to have a Swedish background in the "Suite Life on Deck" episode "The Swede Life". He originally intended to attend Harvard University; however, he has a bad encounter with a Dean there, as he helped to lie when Zack dated the Dean's daughter. Later on, he decides to attend Yale. Cody says that his biggest dream is to win a Nobel Prize.
While he shows the same interest in girls as his brother, he prefers long-term relationships with one girl, rather than dating many girls at once.
Appearances.
"The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".
After traveling around the nation, the twins and their mother Carey arrive in Boston, which becomes their home until "The Suite Life on Deck". He and Zack become friends with Maddie Fitzpatrick, and he keeps a picture of her in his room when he moves to the SS "Tipton". He has a passion for cooking, cleanliness, mime artistry, dance, and stamp collecting. Cody does well in school and is interested in several intellectual activities. This results in him attending math camp, winning a spelling bee, etc. 
Like Zack, he inherits musical talents from his parents. He has singing talents like his mother, as seen in "Lip-Syncing in the Rain" and "Sleepover Suite", and can act. In addition to singing, "Cody plays the French horn" and the violin. Cody is closer than Zack to their mother and heeds her advice. 
In the first season, Cody is as much of a troublemaker as Zack. As the show progresses, his character develops into a type who generally only gets in trouble by mistake or (more often) due to Zack's influence. Cody is often the victim of various sight gags (which range from humorous to traumatic). Examples include being pushed in horse feces, getting trampled, and being frozen in ice (which he does not remember). 
During the third season, Cody works part-time as a bag boy at the Paul Revere minimart over the summer holidays. It becomes a setting and theme for some episodes, most notably "Summer of Our Discontent", "Who's the Boss?" and "Baggage". Cody acted as producer of London Tipton's "Yay Me! Starring London Tipton" webcast, although he quits or rejoins the show based on his relationship with London.
The Suite Life on Deck.
Cody shares a room with Woody Fink, a messy, overweight student. While at school on board the SS "Tipton," Cody becomes the ship's towel boy to earn money after Zack maxes out both of their student cash cards on non-essential items, particularly food and gifts for girls Zack is interested in. 
He develops a competitor in school, Bailey Pickett. He develops a crush on Bailey after finding out that she, who initially masqueraded as a boy, is a girl. 
Cody pursues Bailey several times throughout the first season, most notably in the episode "International Dateline" when he plans on telling her how he feels at a school dance but is thwarted by Zack, London, Woody, Mrs. Pepperman (a woman looking for the senior citizens' karate class), and, repeatedly, by a supernatural event upon the ship's crossing the International Dateline which causes Cody to relive the previous several hours a la "Groundhog Day"; and, as revealed in the episode "It's All Greek to Me", devising a six-month plan to win her heart. She is oblivious. In the season one finale "Double Crossed" (part of the "Wizards on Deck with Hannah Montana" crossover special), after Hannah Montana gives Cody tickets to the concert in Hawaii, Bailey kisses him, starting their relationship.
In "Lost at Sea", in the second season, Cody goes behind Bailey's back while the group is sailing in a lifeboat. Bailey gets angry with him and treats him badly. After advice from Zack, they reconcile and becomes the hero by figuring out a way off the island. Cody becomes friends with Zack's roommate Marcus Little, a former singing sensation. In the second season finale "Breakup in Paris," Cody and Bailey have a major argument that concludes a breakup. However, Cody still has feelings for Bailey. In "A London Carol," an alternate future shows that Cody and Bailey are married, although the two are still separated.
In the third season, Zack begins a romantic relationship with Maya Bennett, and Cody has a friendly relationship with her. In the episode "Computer Date," Arwin builds a supercomputer that displays affectionate feelings for Cody, who feels the same way. However, when Callie starts endangering Cody's friends, he shuts her down. In the episode "The Play's The Thing", Cody writes a play that covers the breakup, which causes Bailey to quit the play. Haley is killed at the end of the play, and Bailey runs off crying. Cody admits that the play is based on their breakup, and Zack convinces his brother to try to reconcile with Bailey. When he attempts to do so, she slams the door in his face. In the "Twister" three-part special, Bailey decides that she still loves Cody, and they resume their relationship.
In "Graduation on Deck", the series finale, Cody is rejected by Yale University. He is so sad that he refuses to speak as the valedictorian with Bailey, although he finally relents. Near the end of the episode, Cody promises to visit her at Yale.
The Suite Life Movie.
Cody and Bailey originally plan to spend spring break together, but Cody decides instead to intern for Dr. Spaulding for the opportunity to earn a Yale scholarship. He writes a long letter to Bailey explaining his decision, but he starts to quarrel with Zack and loses the letter. She becomes upset with him. 
Cody goes to the marine biology lab where he will intern, but Zack gets him into a quarrel and they damage the lab's property, costing Cody his spot. Cody becomes more furious with Zack. Zack attempts to make it up to him, and helps Cody to get an internship with Dr. Olsen in the Gemini Project.
Their they eat a fruit that connects them telepathically: first through tactile sensation, then through empathy or emotions, and finally through a process called "the merge." The first stages bring the brothers closer, but after discovering that the merge will combine them into a single personality, they try to escape.

</doc>
<doc id="2917570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917570" title="Dagomys">
Dagomys

Dagomys (); is a microdistrict of Sochi, Russia (12 km from the city centre), known for its resorts, vacation spots and tea plantations. It was developed as a resort since before the Russian Revolution, when a botanical garden was founded by order of Tsar Nicholas II. A modern hotel complex was opened there in 1982.
Dagomys adjoins Bocharov Ruchey, a dacha built for Kliment Voroshilov in the 1950s, but later upgraded into a country residence of the President of Russia, where he normally spends his vacations and confers with leaders of other states.
History.
The name of microdistrict came from the indigenous and the first dwellers of the area the Circassians or Adyghe they preferred to call their selves. 
In the 14th-17th centuries, the area was dominated by one of the Adyghe tribes; the Shapsugs, and was a village within historical Circassia.
After the end of Caucasian War and as a result of the Russian invasion over Circassia (during the period of 1817–1864) the Shapsugs who lived in the area were either killed in the Circassian Genocide or expelled to the Ottoman Empire (see Muhajir).
Russian settlements in the area began with a military outpost, which later grew into several villages. Those villages were first populated by the retired soldiers and thus carried the names of the corresponding military units, such as 1st regiment, 2nd regiment, and so forth. The soldiers were then joined by migrants from all over Russia, as well as by Armenians escaping from the Turkish repressions. Armenians built separate villages in the mountains near Dagomys and named them Nor Luys, Lower Armenian Hobzu, Upper-Armenian Loo, etc.
The most valuable land near the sea was purchased by the government officials, ministers, prominent landowners and bankers. A plot of 2,500 hectares and a cattle-breeding farm at the mouth of the river Dagomys was owned by the family of the Emperor Nicholas II of Russia. The associated peasants lived in a small settlement which later became the modern Dagomys. Only about 300 people lived there in the early 20th century. This royal settlement was managed by Prince Uspensky. The farm was profitable as it was selling part of its production at the market of Sochi, and the citizens considered it an honor to buy Emperor's products; a small part was also delivered to the emperor himself.
Some settlers attempted to grow tea, which was then an expensive, yet the most popular non-alcoholic beverage in Russia. The early attempts in the 1870s and 1880s failed because of the cold climate, and the first success was achieved in the early 1900s by the Ukrainian peasant Judas Antonovich Koshman (1838–1935). Koshman previously worked for a tea factory in Adjara, a place south to Sochi on the Black Sea coast. That tea was known in Russia but its taste was unpopular. In 1901, Koshman brought seeds of tea plants from Adjara to Solokhaul – a village near Dagomys – and developed a brand which was not only resistant to cold but also had a rich taste. The first successful plantation is dated to 1905. This new tea later became the distinct brand of Krasnodarsky Tea, which is the most prominent Russia-grown tea and is one of the northernmost teas in the world. The house of Koshman still stands in Solokhaul along with the tea bushes planted by his hands.
In 1930, an intensive development of resorts was started in Sochi, and thus a furniture factory was built in Dagomys. There were also two tourist camps and several small sanatoriums. Prominent buildings appeared there only in the 1970s when the Yugoslav firm "Mavrovo" raised two hotels, "Dagomys" and "Olympic". These hotels soon became a popular tourist destination and location of conferences, such as the 38th Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs led by Andrei Sakharov.
Description.
Dagomys is located between Sochi and Loo, from the center of Sochi. It was noticed long ago that the summers are colder here than in other coastal areas, because of the air currents from the nearby mountains. So the word "Dagomys" is literally translated from Adyghe language as a cool, shady place.
Present Dagomys has continuous stretch of pebble-covered beaches, accompanied by a line of cafes, shops and restaurants. There are also a tea farm, a tea factory and an Orthodox church.
The Dagomys Hotel Complex.
This 27-storey recreational complex is the most prominent building of Dagomys raised in 1982. It then belonged to the Intourist travel agency and thus was restricted to foreign visitors. With the dissolution of the Soviet Union in the 1990s, the complex became nearly empty. Since 1994, Dagomys has been administered by an office of the President of the Russian Federation, and the complex is privately owned. For several years, it was the subject of property disputes, which ended by construction of a metal fence dividing the territories of the disputants.
The complex can accommodate up to two thousand guests and up to ten parallel events, and has a staff of 1600. It is being expanded in preparation for the 2014 Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="2917574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917574" title="Rutherford Page">
Rutherford Page

Rutherford Page (1880 - January 22, 1912) was an early American aviator who died in an airplane crash.
Biography.
He was from New York and crashed from a height of 75 feet at Dominguez Field in Los Angeles, California on January 22, 1912 at 4:00 in his Curtiss biplane and was dead when extricated from the wreckage.

</doc>
<doc id="2917577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917577" title="World's busiest airports by aircraft movements">
World's busiest airports by aircraft movements

The thirty world's busiest airports by aircraft movements are measured by total movements (data provided by Airports Council International). One total movement is a landing or takeoff of an aircraft.
2014 preliminary statistics.
Only top 10 rankings are freely available
2012 final statistics.
Only top 10 rankings are freely available

</doc>
<doc id="2917585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917585" title="Mr. Moseby">
Mr. Moseby

Mr. Marion Moseby (portrayed by Phill Lewis) is a character on "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and its spin-off, "The Suite Life on Deck". The character has also appeared in cross-over episodes of "That's So Raven", "Wizards of Waverly Place", "Hannah Montana", "I'm in the Band" and the Disney Channel special, "".
Character biography.
"The Suite Life of Zack & Cody".
Marion Moseby is the uptight manager of the Tipton Hotel, who speaks with an extensive vocabulary and an urbane vernacular, along with speaking a number of different languages besides English (French, Japanese, Swahili, Spanish, etc.). He is often annoyed by Zack and Cody Martin's schemes and antics (to the point that he may have vowed never to have any children of his own), but although he acts as though he does not care about the boys, he actually has a great deal of affection for them. In the episode "The Ghost of 613", it is revealed that he started out at the Tipton as a bellhop and had a "voluminous 'fro". 
Mr. Moseby is probably more of a father to London Tipton than her own, who is seldom around. Mr. Moseby has even taught London how to walk, the alphabet, how to ride a bike, how to roller skate, and how to drive. He cares for London and treats her like his own daughter. He also helps London with any problems she is having. She has, in turn, shown to some extent that she enjoys his presence or that she respects him, like in the episode "Arwinstein" when she makes him Prime Minister of the country that she "bought".
"The Suite Life on Deck".
In the follow-up series, he is somewhat an uptight chaperone on the SS "Tipton", though the job of putting foil to Zack and Cody's antics never goes away. When the series starts, he has left his job at the Boston Tipton to run the SS "Tipton" and has been there for three months when Zack and Cody arrive for the school program. Their arrival causes him to scream and jump overboard. In this series we find out that he is very fond of pocket hankies. He is constantly running from bow to stern keeping the boys, and London, out of trouble. It is shown that despite how he acts towards Zack and Cody, he does actually care about them, even serving as a father-figure in some instances. For example, while he always wishes Zack and Cody will disappear, when they actually do he's very upset about it and says he didn't actually mean it. Also, when Zack is accused of being a thief in "Kidney of the Sea", Mr. Moseby stands up for him saying that while he's a lot of things, he knows that Zack is not a thief and helps him prove his innocence. There is a running gag that people make fun of how short he is, Zack and London especially. In the episode, "Twister: Part 1", it's revealed Dwight Howard is his half-brother. The episode "Das Boots" shows him to be a chess fan and reveals he has his own blog on the game, "Make That Move with Marion". In "Graduation," he is shown to be very proud of the students and finally stands up to Mr. Tipton when his activities threaten to stop Graduation. The kids are all very pleased with him for this and he paraphrases something Zack had told him earlier (causing the two to have a moment of camaraderie) asking what can Mr. Tipton do, fire him? This indicates that he is retiring with the end of the "SS Tipton." Mosbey proposes to Ms. Tutweiller to which she accepts and says goodbye to Zack and Cody, admitting he will miss them, but refuses to tell them where he's going next. The boys promise to find him again wherever he goes, causing him to run off screaming. He also says goodbye to London and tells her to call him if she ever needs anything, which she promptly does, tearfully telling him she'll miss him. He also appears in "The Suite Life Movie".
Other series.
In the "I'm in the Band" crossover episode "", it is revealed that Mr. Moseby had once been friends with Ash Tyler as they competed with each other in professional hand-slap competitions.
Lewis provided the voice of a hotel manager obviously based on the character in the "Phineas and Ferb" episode "Phineas and Ferb Hawaiian Vacation".
Brandon Mychal Smith portrayed an exaggerated version of the character in a sketch based on "The Suite Life on Deck", in the "So Random!" episode "Cole & Dylan Sprouse".

</doc>
<doc id="2917590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917590" title="Mississinewa River">
Mississinewa River

The Mississinewa River is a tributary of the Wabash River in eastern Indiana and a small portion of western Ohio in the United States. It is long. Via the Wabash and Ohio rivers, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
During the War of 1812, the river was the site of the Battle of the Mississinewa, which pitted United States forces against the Miami Indians. Two oilers of the U.S. Navy have been named USS "Mississinewa" after the river. The word Mississinewa is partly derived from the Miami Indian word "namahchissinwi" which means "falling waters" or "much fall in the water".
Course.
The Mississinewa River has its headwaters near the Indiana state border in northwestern Darke County, Ohio, within of the start of the Wabash. Both rivers start out as drainage ditches for local farms and have very little water during drought in this immediate area. After exiting Darke County the Mississinewa flows for the remainder of its course in Indiana. It initially flows westward in a heavily straightened and channelized course through northern Randolph and Delaware counties; it turns northwestward in Delaware County and flows through Grant, Wabash and Miami counties. It joins the Wabash River from the south in Miami County, about east of Peru.
Along its course the Mississinewa flows past the towns of Ridgeville, Albany, Eaton, Matthews and Jonesboro, and the cities of Gas City and Marion.
A series of limestone columns known as the "Seven Pillars of the Mississinewa" stands on the north side of the river about three miles (5 km) southeast of Peru in Miami County.
The Indiana Central Canal was to use the river for part of its length, but was never completed.
Dams.
Near its mouth in Miami County, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Mississinewa Lake Dam causes the river to form Mississinewa Lake. The dam was built for flood control in 1967.
Two related and nearby lakes in north-central Indiana, created at approximately the same time as part of the same project, were formed when dams were constructed on the nearby Salamonie River and Wabash River. The Salamonie and Mississinewa join the Wabash downriver from the dam on the Wabash. The dams were designed to reduce flooding in southern Indiana and nearby towns.
History.
Mississinewa Battlefield.
On Dec. 17, 1812, Lt. Colonel John B. Campbell with 600 mounted troops arrived at this site under orders to destroy the Miami Indian Villages along the Mississinewa River from here to the present site of Peru. The destruction of the village on this site resulted in the loss of the lives of two soldiers and eight Indians. Following the attack here, Campbell's force proceeded two miles down the river and destroyed two more villages before returning here to camp for the night. Shortly before dawn on December 18, a force of Miami Indians attacked Campbell's camp. The two hour battle resulted in 10 soldiers being killed and 48 wounded. Approximately 40 Miami and Delaware Indians gave their lives in the defense of their lands. Having over 100 of his horses killed and fearing a second attack, Campbell ordered his troops to return to Fort Greenville late in the afternoon of the 18th. This action was one of the first ordered by General William Henry Harrison during the War of 1812.
In literature.
The Mississinewa River is mentioned frequently in a series of poems by the contemporary American poet Jared Carter. In 1959 and 1960, while working as a reporter for the "Huntington Herald-Press" in Huntington, Indiana, Carter covered initial governmental announcements of the proposed construction of three large reservoir dams in north-central Indiana on the Mississinewa, Salamonie, and Wabash rivers.
In his first book, "Work, for the Night Is Coming", published by Macmillan in 1981, Carter created the mythical Midwestern county of Mississinewa. The dustjacket explains that this county is located “east of Spoon River, west of Winesburg, and slightly north of Raintree County.” Its county seat is the actual rural town of Somerset next to the Mississinewa (River) Reservoir. The existing town of Somerset was moved by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers up and out of the valley prior to the valley being flooded in 1966 to create the reservoir. The town now sits on the ridge above the river valley and reservoir in Wabash and Grant counties. To the northwest, in imaginary Prophet Township, the equally imaginary Massasauga River flows into the Mississinewa.
In that first book, two early poems, “The Undertaker” and “Monument City”, refer to the construction of a large reservoir on the Mississinewa River. This imaginary and purely literary reservoir is a conflation of the three actual lakes created by dams on the Mississinewa and the two adjacent rivers.
In Carter’s later books, "After the Rain" and "Cross this Bridge at a Walk", additional poems – “The Purpose of Poetry,” “Mississinewa Reservoir at Winter Pool”, “Foundling,” “Isinglass,” “Mussel Shell with Three Blanks Sawed Out,” and “Lost Bridge” – narrate changes and dislocations in the lives of local residents brought about by the coming of the reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="2917602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917602" title="Lincoln Roberts">
Lincoln Roberts

Lincoln Roberts (born 4 September 1974 in Tobago) is a former West Indian cricketer who played 1 Test for West Indies and 51 first class games for Trinidad and Tobago.
Roberts made his first class debut in 1996 after impressive one day form. It took until 1999 for him to score his maiden first class century, a month later he made his Test debut against Australia despite a first class average of 22. He made a seven ball duck but he did make history in becoming the first Tobagan to play Test cricket.
This was to be his only Test match but he continued to appear for Trinidad and Tobago on a regular basis. In 2003 despite averaging in the mid thirties he was released and his cricket career ended at the age of 29.

</doc>
<doc id="2917604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917604" title="Family Coalition Party of Ontario candidates, 1995 Ontario provincial election">
Family Coalition Party of Ontario candidates, 1995 Ontario provincial election

The Family Coalition Party ran a number of candidates in the 1995 provincial election, all of whom were defeated. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Candidates.
Brantford: Paul Vandervet.
Paul Vandervet received 762 votes (2.27%), finishing fourth against Progressive Conservative candidate Ron Johnson.
Hamilton Centre: Tom Wigglesworth.
Wigglesworth trained as a millwright, and was studying automated engineering at Mohawk College at the time of the election. He was thirty-three years old ("Hamilton Spectator", 27 May 1995). He argued that the province should make abortion more difficult to access, and called for the elimination of the Ontario Human Rights Commission ("Hamilton Spectator", 19 May 1995). He received 376 votes (1.73%), finishing fourth against New Democratic Party incumbent David Christopherson.
Shortly after the election, he wrote against the concept of "sexual orientation" and claimed that homosexuals were undermining the fabric of society ("Spectator", 28 July 1995). He campaigned for a seat on Hamilton's separate school board in 2003, and was defeated in Ward 8.
St. Catharines: Jon Siemens.
No information. Siemens received 245 votes (0.83%), finishing fourth against Liberal incumbent Jim Bradley.
St. Catharines—Brock: Bert Pynenburg.
Pynenburg works for Business Network International in Niagara-on-the-Lake. He is a Catholic, and a member of the Diocese of St. Catharines Holy Name Society.[http://members.aol.com/nahns/homepage.htm
He first campaigned for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in the 1990 provincial election, and received 1,331 votes (4.46%) to finish fifth in St. Catharines against Liberal incumbent Jim Bradley. His vote total fell to 598 in the 1995 election, and he finished fourth against Tom Froese of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Windsor—Walkerville: Donna Halliday.
Halliday was 32 years old at the time of the election. She had four children, and described herself as a full-time mother. Previously, she was a supply teacher in Windsor's separate school board. Halliday claimed that her main purpose in campaigning was to support tax benefits for parents sending their children to independent schools. She also favoured government subsidies for stay-at-home parents raising children, and endorsed "workfare" for those receiving mother's allowance ("Windsor Star", 3 June 1995).
Halliday received 957 votes (3.84%), finishing fourth against Liberal candidate Dwight Duncan.

</doc>
<doc id="2917605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917605" title="Rocky Mountain Talent Search">
Rocky Mountain Talent Search

The Rocky Mountain Talent Search (RMTS) is a talent search program based at the University of Denver in Denver, Colorado for students in the states of Colorado, Utah, Nevada, Idaho, New Mexico, Montana, and Wyoming with high academic achievement. Students are selected from the top 95th percentile from each subject and are administered a number of college-entrance exams to determine their talent compared to others. If the exam scores are high enough, they are entered into a rigorous, 3-week-long summer education program at the University of Denver. Usually, around 300 students attended the RMTS high/middle school camp each year.
In 2007, the Rocky Mountain Talent Search summer program was renamed the Center for Innovative and Talented Youth (CITY). This is related to Johns Hopkins University's Center for Talented Youth (CTY) program. Forty-three high/middle school students attended the first year of CITY. CITY is now called the Center for Bright Kids.

</doc>
<doc id="2917610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917610" title="Norddeutscher Rundfunk">
Norddeutscher Rundfunk

Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) (North German Broadcasting) is a public radio and television broadcaster, based in Hamburg. In addition to the city-state of Hamburg, NDR transmits for the German states of Lower Saxony, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Schleswig-Holstein. NDR is a member of the ARD consortium.
Studios.
NDR's studios in Hamburg are in two locations, both within the borough of Eimsbüttel: the television studios are in the quarter of Lokstedt while the radio studios are in the quarter of Rotherbaum, a little closer to the city centre. There are also regional studios, having both radio and television production facilities, in the state capitals Hanover, Kiel and Schwerin. In addition NDR maintains facilities at the ARD's national studios in Berlin.
Funding.
NDR is in part funded by the limited sale of on-air commercial advertising time; however, its principal source of income is the revenue derived from viewer and listener licence fees. As of 2013 the monthly fee due from each household for radio and television reception was €17.98: the equivalent of €0.59 per day, payable quarterly, half-yearly, or annually. These fees are collected not directly by NDR but by a joint agency of ARD (and its member institutions), ZDF, and Deutschlandradio.
Stations.
The NDR currently provides a number of services on its own or in co-operation with other broadcasters:
Musical organizations.
The NDR has four musical organizations, including two orchestras, a chorus and a "big band":
Transmitters.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, in the former East Germany, NDR programmes are broadcast from facilities owned by Media Broadcast GmbH, a former subsidiary of the Deutsche Telekom AG.
History.
"For 1924–1955 in detail, see Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk."
Pre-war.
In 1924 broadcasting began in Hamburg, when "Norddeutsche Rundfunk AG" (NORAG) was created. In 1934 it was incorporated into "Großdeutschen Rundfunk", the national broadcaster controlled by Joseph Goebbels's Propagandaministerium, as "Reichssender Hamburg".
In 1930, NORAG commissioned the Welte-Funkorgel – a large theatre organ custom-built by the firm of M. Welte & Sons to meet the specific acoustic requirements of radio broadcasting – and installed it in their radio studio (today the world's oldest such facility still in use) at Rothenbaumchaussee 132, where it continues to be played, now maintained by volunteers.
Post-war.
In the British Zone of occupied Germany, the military authorities quickly established "Radio Hamburg" to provide information to the population of the area.
The British Control Commission appointed Hugh Greene to manage the creation of public service broadcasting in their Zone. On 22 September 1945, "Radio Hamburg" became "Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk", the single broadcasting organisation of the British Zone.
Länder control.
In 1948, the Control Commission transferred the Nordwestdeutscher Rundfunk (NWDR) to the control of the constituent Länder. At first, NWDR had just one radio station, later known as NWDR1. In 1950, it introduced a regional station for the north, "NWDR Nord" (later to become NDR2), and a regional station for the west, "NWDR West" (later WDR2).
That same year, NWDR became a founding member of ARD. The NWDR also played a founding role in launching 625-line television in Germany, starting broadcasts on 25 December 1952.
NWDR split.
In February 1955, North Rhine-Westphalia decided to establish its own broadcaster, whilst Hamburg, Lower Saxony, Schleswig-Holstein continued with the existing system. To this end, the NWDR was split into two broadcasters, Norddeutscher Rundfunk (NDR) in the north and Westdeutscher Rundfunk (WDR) in North Rhine-Westphalia.
NDR continued to operate out of Hamburg. The split was effective from 1 January 1956, although the station NWDR1 remained a joint operation with regional opt-outs.
The NWDR television service also remained a joint operation, from 1 April 1956 under the name " Nord- und Westdeutsche Rundfunkverband" (North and West German Broadcasting Federation – NWRV). The NDR and the WDR launched separate television services for their area in 1961.
NDR history.
On 1 December 1956 the NDR started its third radio channel, NDR3 (from 1962 to 1973, this was a joint operation with Sender Freies Berlin).
In 1958 Han Koller became the musical director of Hamburg's NDR Jazz Workshop, which became a popular radio broadcast. Numerous names in Jazz performed on these broadcasts including; Kenny Clarke, Lucky Thompson, Wes Montgomery, Johnny Griffin, Oscar Peterson, Ben Webster, Sahib Shihab, Carmell Jones, Lee Konitz, Cecil Payne, Slide Hampton, Phil Woods, Jazz Composers Orchestra, Howard Riley, Barry Guy, John Surman, the Kuhn Brothers and Barney Wilen. Some of these have been released since 1987, while the older ones only exist as rare bootlegs, sought after by many Jazz aficionados.
On 4 January 1965 the NDR, Radio Bremen and SFB began a joint "third channel" television service, "Norddeutsches Fernsehen", later "Nord 3" and "N3". Since December 2001, this service is called "NDR Fernsehen". SFB started a separate TV channel for Berlin in 1992, called B1, later SFB1, now RBB Fernsehen.
In 1977, Gerhard Stoltenberg, the minister-president of Schleswig-Holstein cancelled the "NDR-Staatsvertrag", the governing body of the NDR onesided. This caused a discussion how to organise broadcasting in the North German region.
In 1980, the NDR signed a new convention with the three Länder, changing the pattern of broadcasting and creating new regional services. NDR1 was divided into three independent radio stations from 2 January 1981:
NDR2 and NDR3 (now NDR Kultur) continued as regional stations.
These regional services were further subdivided with opt-outs for specific areas. "NDR 1 Niedersachsen" established regions based around Oldenburg-Ostfriesland-Bremen-Cuxhaven, Osnabrück-Emsland, greater Hanover, Braunschweig-southern Lower Saxony and northern Lower Saxony. "NDR 1 Welle Nord" was subdivided with studio centres in Flensburg, Heide, Norderstedt, Lübeck and Kiel.
On 30 September 1988 the NDR introduced a teletext service on its "N3" television channel. Originally called "Nordtext", it became "NDR Text" on 2 December 2001. The teletext service also offers information for viewers in the Radio Bremen area under the title "Radio Bremen Text".
On 1 April 1989, the NDR introduced its fourth radio service, NDR4. This service was later renamed "NDR4 Info" and from 2 June 2002 is now known as "NDR Info". The station is a news and information service for the whole NDR region.
On 1 January 1992, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in the former East Germany joined the NDR as the fourth state in the organisation. The area receives the main NDR radio and television stations, plus the regional "NDR 1 Radio mV", which has subregions based in Schwerin, Rostock, Neubrandenburg and Greifswald. In October of the same year, SFB in Berlin stopped relaying the "Nord 3" television service in favour of its own "Berlin 1" TV channel.
On 4 April 1994, the NDR introduced "N-Joy Radio" (since 2001, just "N-Joy"), a young-persons radio station aimed at 14 to 29-year-old listeners.
On 3 October 1997, NDR3 was relaunched as "Radio 3", produced in co-operation with Ostdeutscher Rundfunk Brandenburg. At the end of 2000, SFB joined Radio 3. This arrangement lasted until ORB and SFB merged on 1 January 2003 and started their own classical and culture network. NDR3 became "NDR Kultur" on 1 January 2003.
On 1 November 2001, the NDR and Radio Bremen launched a joint radio station, "Nordwestradio", to serve Bremen and northwestern Lower Saxony. This service replaced "Radio Bremen 2" and control of the service remains with Radio Bremen.
As the organization responsible within the ARD consortium of German public-service broadcasters for overseeing the country's participation in the Eurovision Song Contest, NDR staged the 56th annual contest which was held in Düsseldorf on 10–14 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2917612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917612" title="Characters of Final Fantasy VI">
Characters of Final Fantasy VI

Square Co., Ltd.'s role-playing video game "Final Fantasy VI" features fourteen permanent player characters, the largest number of any game in the main "Final Fantasy" series, as well as a number of characters who are only briefly controlled by the player.
Concept and creation.
"Final Fantasy VI" was the first game of the series to feature character designers other than Yoshitaka Amano. While Amano drew most of the character artworks, monster designer and graphic director Tetsuya Nomura created the original designs and many story episodes for Shadow and Setzer Gabbiani, and field graphic designer Kaori Tanaka created the original designs of Edgar Roni Figaro and Sabin Rene Figaro. Co-director Kitase wanted to create as many characters that can stand up to be main characters and that the story did not revolve around one character, so each character can have something to bring to the table.
Main playable characters.
Terra Branford.
Terra Branford, known as in Japanese media, is the first introduced character, a mentally-enslaved Imperial super-soldier gifted with devastating magic.
Celes Chere.
Celes is the initial character in the World of Ruin, awakening a full year after the global devastation caused by Kefka's actions. Having been nursed back to health by Cid, the player has the chance to return the favor, either resulting in his death (which leads to a scene of attempted suicide and the discovery of Locke's bandana upon an injured seagull) or his survival (prompting reaffirmation in the belief her friends remain alive). Each outcome results in her departing the island aboard a home-made wooden raft. Over the remaining course of the game, Locke and Celes gradually develop a relationship.
She is also featured in the rhythm game "Theatrhythm" Final Fantasy as a subcharacter representing "Final Fantasy VI". Her theme, "Celes's Theme", is also featured in the game.
Co-director Kitase revealed that Celes is his favorite character in the game.
Edgar Figaro.
During the World of Ruin, he appears disguised as a mercenary thief-for-hire named Gerad (an anagram of Edgar) in order to get back into the sunken wreck of his castle. Thereafter he returns to the player's control.
Sabin Figaro.
Sabin Rene Figaro, whose name is in the Japanese version, is the younger twin brother of Edgar. Disgusted by the cold arbitration of his royal succession, Sabin leaves his heritage behind after winning a rigged coin toss to determine whether he or Edgar would "not" inherit Figaro's throne. He initially trains under the world-famous martial arts master Duncan Harcourt together with Duncan's son, Vargas. As the years of training wear on, Vargas grows increasingly jealous of Sabin's martial prowess, apparently slaying Duncan in a wrathful fit and fleeing to the mountains, with Sabin in pursuit. It is during these events that the Returners, accompanied by Sabin's brother Edgar, encounter him. With Vargas' defeat, Sabin is prompted to join the cause against the Empire, and after a period of separation where he meets Cyan and Gau following the Imperial siege of Doma, he participates in the defense of Narshe.
After the world's devastation, Sabin is the first ally Celes is led to encounter, found supporting the crumbling wreck of a mansion in Tzen after an attack by Kefka's 'Light of Judgment.' In this event, Celes has a tight time frame to rescue a child still inside the mansion, so the player will have to judge whether or not a battle is worth fighting, especially since some of the enemies can inflict the Condemned status, and often cannot be killed in one hit. Sabin later finds Duncan alive and well in the World of Ruin, somewhere east of Narshe, having survived Vargas' attack. From him, Sabin learns his final martial technique.
Professional wrestler Chris Sabin adopted his ring name from Sabin's character.
Cyan Garamonde.
Cyan Garamonde, whose name in the original version is , is a retainer to the king of Doma, a nation at war with the Empire. Stalwart in the defense of his home against the Empire's assault, he flies into a murderous rage after Kefka poisons Doma's water supply, which kills virtually everyone in the castle, including his wife and child. Launching a suicidal attack on the Imperial siege encampment, Cyan is assisted and rescued by Sabin. Shortly thereafter he encounters the spirits of his deceased loved ones aboard the Phantom Train, sending him into a depressed spiral that persists until the game's second half. Cyan later grows close to Gau after finding him on the Veldt, taking a protective, almost fatherly role over the abandoned child.
During the World of Ruin, Cyan sequesters himself atop Mt. Zozo, writing pseudo-love letters under the guise of a deceased Imperial soldier to Lola, a woman in Miranda. This same soldier had previously requested Cyan and company write to Lola on his behalf upon meeting him in Mobliz before the planet's destruction. Later, the player has the chance to bring Cyan to the aging ruins of Doma Castle, wherein monsters named after the Three Stooges (called the Three Dream Stooges) invade his soul, with the rest of the party in hot pursuit. Cyan's soul is represented as a four stage dungeon: the first stage is a rather disorienting area where one party member must find the other two team members and then tackle the Three Stooges. The second stage of the dungeon is based loosely on the Phantom Train, and the third stage loosely based on the Narshe mines. The last stage is based on Doma Castle itself, with a similar layout, allowing the party to view some of Cyan's fondest memories (such as teaching his son Owain how to use a sword) and containing the dungeon's final boss: a composite demon that feeds on Cyan's depression. This could imply that the party is traveling through Cyan's memories themselves. The party cannot backtrack to a previous stage upon clearing one. Upon clearing the whole dungeon, Cyan faces his guilt and overcomes it, restoring his faith in himself and his ability to live life. Cyan speaks in a style resembling Shakespearean English, often using words and phrases such as "thou art" and "shalt not" and so on. Likewise, Cyan makes frequent use of the archaic copula verb "gozaru" in the Japanese version, a common feature of the faux-historic dialect used by samurai and ninja in other contemporary Japanese media.
While being a serious and gloomy character to the story with the deaths of his wife and son, Cyan also gave some light-hearted comedy at times with his relationship with Gau. Cyan also had a predisposition to difficulty with technology.
Gau.
Gau is again encountered on the Veldt in the World of Ruin. In this second part of the game his origins are more thoroughly explored – by taking him and Sabin to the old man in the lone house west of the Veldt where Sabin's subplot first began in the World of Balance, it is learned that this man is, in fact, Gau's father, having tossed him into the wilds shortly after the death of his wife in childbirth and consequently labeling Gau a "demon child". This was mentioned when Sabin first visits the port town of Nikeah, when he talks to a woman who says the man had tossed his own child out of home.
Gau's youthful energy, spirit, and overall positive energy made him the first of the "energetic young boy" characters in the "Final Fantasy" series, a role succeeded by Zell, Vivi, and Hope, and possibly preceded by Edge.
Setzer Gabbiani.
Setzer also makes a small appearance in "Kingdom Hearts II", as the reigning champion of the false Twilight Town's Struggle tournament, where he fights with Roxas, the first playable character of the game. He is either victorious or defeated, depending on the player's ability, and the plot advances either way. Although originally drawn by Yoshitaka Amano for Final Fantasy VI, Setzer was redesigned by Tetsuya Nomura to fit the style of "Kingdom Hearts", and is voiced by Ryōtarō Okiayu in the Japanese version and Crispin Freeman in the English version.
Relm Arrowny.
Scenes with Relm and Interceptor upon the party's first meeting further imply that she is Shadow's daughter, supporting flashbacks during Shadow's nightmare sequences. A relic special to Relm, the Memento Ring, directly references her departed mother – Shadow is the only other character capable of equipping this item.
Gogo.
Gogo's gender is not known. He or she is so shrouded in clothing that even the body's form is indecipherable.
An enemy named Gogo previously appeared in "Final Fantasy V" as a boss at the depths of the sunken Waltz Tower, guarding the final crystal shard, which granted the Mime job class.
Umaro.
Umaro cannot be controlled during battle and he can only equip relics. However, two of these relics, which only he can equip, grant him some powerful special attacks that he may use even in the Tower where the Cult of Kefka resides (everyone else can only use magic unless the "Berserk" spell is cast on them). One of these attacks, granted by the Rage Orb, allows him to fling a party member at an enemy: this doesn't hurt the thrown party member and can even damage an enemy a fair amount. The second attack, granted by the Blizzard Orb, allows him to strike all enemies for ice-based damage. As always, the player has no control over when these attacks are used.
Other major characters.
This section covers other characters who "either" play a major role in the plot, or are briefly controllable by the player (but without the full range of options given to the above fourteen characters).
Ultros and Typhon.
, whose name is Orthros in the Japanese version, is a large, talking, purple, carnivorous octopus who appears multiple times as both antagonist and comic relief. Each time he appears to fight the party, he is bent on making a meal out of them, making him the first (and, so far, only) carnivorous antagonist in "Final Fantasy" history. , whose name is Chupon in the original North American Super NES version, is a large, red, two-headed floating monster, who appears as Ultros' "friend" while fighting the party while they are going to the Floating Continent, the final stage of the World of Balance. Typhon doesn't speak often but has a volatile temper, according to Ultros. After the game shifts to the World of Ruin, the two of them end up working as a receptionist and combatant in the Colosseum. Typhon's specific purpose here seems to be discouraging the betting of "useless" items, rather than actually fighting, by snorting the betters out of the arena. Ultros, sometimes under the name Orthros, and Typhon have since appeared in other games: both are optional bosses in ' under the names Orthros and Typhon, Ultros is a boss in ', and as a boss in Chocobo's Dungeon 2 under the name Orthros again. Orthros also makes an appearance in "Final Fantasy XII" as an elite mark black flan who attacks women, and Typhon appears in "Final Fantasy VII" as a summon. He also appears, again as a flan named Orthros in "Final Fantasy Tactics A2". Ultros appears in "" as a summon, again using the name Ultros. Most recently, Ultros and Typhon appear in Final Fantasy XIII-2 downloadable content.
Leo Cristophe.
Temporarily controllable only during Kefka's assault, Leo has a special ability called 'Shock' that deals heavy damage to all foes about him by creating a powerful energy field. He is also in possession of powerful equipment and Relics the player is unable to acquire until much later in the game.
Banon.
Banon is temporarily controllable during a mission to transport him from the Returners' secret base to Narshe. He has a special ability called 'Pray', which is an extremely powerful healing ability that targets the entire party and does not use magic points.
Maduin and Madeline.
, an Esper, and , a human woman, are Terra's parents. They meet after Madeline accidentally stumbles into the Esper world, and Maduin nurses her back to health. Though other Espers do not trust her, Maduin defends her, and they soon conceive Terra. Eventually Gestahl invades the area, captures Maduin, kills Madeline, and takes Terra with him. Maduin is drained of his magic for twenty years before he is finally reduced to Magicite. Maduin would later be referred to by name as an Eidolon used by Eiko Carol in "Final Fantasy IX" and as a summon in "Final Fantasy Tactics Advance", romanized instead as "Madeen". He also appears as an Esper in "Final Fantasy Tactics A2".
The Warring Triad.
The , individually known as , , , are the beings directly responsible for the War of the Magi and the creation of Espers. After the seemingly endless period of near-apocalyptic destruction their conflict causes, the Triad willfully cease their battle and mutually seal away their abilities, reducing themselves to stone statues. It is the magical balance of these three that maintains harmony throughout the world, though Emperor Gestahl, obsessed with power, seeks the Triad to further his own desires. Gestahl is betrayed and slain by Kefka, who gains control of the Triad and upsets their balance – this singular act virtually annihilates the planet's surface, reducing it to a wasted, chaotic shadow. Drained of their power by Kefka in the time following his ascension, they are awakened as mindless husks that attack the party as the player traverses the mangled spires of Kefka's tower.
Reception and legacy.
In its review of the Game Boy Advance release, IGN says Final Fantasy VI's "cast of characters is huge and varied, and though several of them do draw from traditional RPG archetypes, this was the game that helped define those archetypes in the first place." In the GameSpy review of the Game Boy Advance Version, it is said that "the large cast of characters, that is one of this game's hallmarks, is most impressive because of their individuality, both from a story and from a gameplay perspective, as well as the amount of effort that was put into exploring their personalities, motivations, and histories." Nintendo Power described the characters as some of the more memorable "Final Fantasy" protagonists ever, citing the ending's great character moments.
Several characters from the game have received standalone praise, such as Kefka who has been repeatedly named one of the franchise's greatest villains. In 2008, IGN placed him sixth on their list of the "Top 25 Final Fantasy Characters" with similar sentiments, but also included several other characters from "Final Fantasy VI" on the list. Ultros, who placed twenty-fourth, was praised for bringing "much needed" comic relief for the title, described as being augmented by Ted Woolsey's translation for the North American localization. Celes placed fourteenth, and was stated as providing one of the greatest memorable scenes and musical pieces in the game through the impromptu opera scene. Setzer placed twelfth, described as having "that most crucial of qualities in a hero, an unshakable sense of humor," as well as introducing the Gambler job class that would appear in later titles in the series. Nintendo Power listed Shadow as one of the best ninjas on Nintendo consoles. In an article on "Dissidia Final Fantasy", IGN editor Ryan Clements called Terra one of the most recognizable and well-loved characters to join the army of Cosmos. In another poll the same year, eight of the characters – Locke, Edgar, Celes, Setzer, Terra, Shadow, Sabin, and Relm – were named among the fifteen most popular characters in the "Final Fantasy" series.

</doc>
<doc id="2917627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917627" title="Joe West (umpire)">
Joe West (umpire)

Joseph Henry West (born October 31, 1952), nicknamed "Cowboy Joe", is an American professional baseball umpire in Major League Baseball (MLB). Born in Asheville, North Carolina, he grew up in Greenville and played football at East Carolina University (ECU) and Elon College. West entered the National League (NL) as an umpire in 1976; he joined the NL staff full-time in 1978. As a young umpire, West worked Nolan Ryan's fifth career no-hitter, was on the field for Willie McCovey's 500th home run, and was involved in a 1983 shoving incident with manager Joe Torre.
A few years later, West was the home plate umpire during the 1988 playoff game in which pitcher Jay Howell was ejected for having pine tar on his glove. In 1990, he threw pitcher Dennis Cook to the ground while attempting to break up a fight. West resigned during the 1999 Major League Umpires Association mass resignation, but was rehired in 2002. Since then, he has umpired throughout MLB. In a 2004 playoff game between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees, West's crew made a controversial decision that necessitated police presence to calm the crowd. He served as crew chief for the 2005 World Series.
In 2010, West attracted media attention after he publicly complained about the slow pace of a game between the Red Sox and Yankees. He also worked the game that year in which Albert Pujols hit his 400th career home run. West has worked several no-hitters, including a 2012 perfect game by Félix Hernández. As of 2013, West has the longest tenure of any MLB umpire. West has appeared in five World Series, two All-Star Games, eight League Championship Series (LCS) and seven League Division Series (LDS).
West is president of the World Umpires Association (WUA). As the organization's president, West helped negotiate the largest umpiring contract in baseball history. He works with a sporting goods company to design and patent umpiring equipment endorsed by MLB. West is also a singer and songwriter, and has released two country music albums. He had a small acting role in the comedy film "" and a cameo appearance in the television crime drama "The Oldest Rookie". He plays golf on the Celebrity Players Tour.
Early life.
Joe West was born in Asheville, North Carolina in 1952. He grew up in Greenville, North Carolina, where he played youth baseball and football. He graduated from Rose High School in Greenville. West played safety on the freshman football team at East Carolina University (ECU) in 1970 and he was a quarterback for Elon College (now Elon University) from 1971 to 1973. He intended to play his college football career at ECU, but head coach Mike McGee resigned after his freshman year and that prompted West's transfer.
While in college, West hoped to play both baseball and football. However, spring practice for football interfered with West's ability to be on the baseball team as well. He concentrated on football and umpired high school baseball games on the side. In his three seasons at Elon, West was the starting quarterback and the team won three conference championships. He was named Most Valuable Player (MVP) on the 1973 team that lost the Division I National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics title game to Abilene Christian; the Abilene Christian team was led by future professional football players Clint Longley and Wilbert Montgomery. West left Elon holding three passing records that were not broken for 20 years, and was inducted into the Elon Sports Hall of Fame in 1986, in the same class as former North Carolina State women's basketball coach Kay Yow.
Umpiring career.
Early career.
While umpiring locally as a college student, West met Carolina League umpire supervisor Malcolm Sykes, who recommended that West attend an umpire training school. West went to umpire school and graduated at the top of his class. He worked in several minor league circuits (the Western Carolinas League, Puerto Rican League, Florida Instructional League, Southern League and American Association) before he was promoted to the major leagues. West made his first National League (NL) appearance in 1976 and joined the full-time NL staff in 1978.
In his first season as a full-time MLB umpire, West umpired the game in which Willie McCovey hit his 500th career home run. In the same year, he was at first base when Pete Rose tied the NL record for most consecutive games with a hit, and he was the home plate umpire when Rose broke it the following day. In 1981, West worked first base for Nolan Ryan’s fifth career no-hitter. On October 13, 1981, West was 28 when he became the youngest NL umpire to call an LCS. In 1983, West was suspended for three days and fined US$500 after a shoving incident with Atlanta Braves manager Joe Torre. The manager became angry at the end of a game and followed West into the walkway outside the umpires dressing room. West then shoved Torre. On appeal, NL President Chub Feeney reduced West's fine to $300. Torre also received a fine stemming from the incident.
Middle career.
West made his second NLCS appearance in 1986. He umpired his first All-Star Game in 1987. On September 28, 1988, West was on the field when Orel Hershiser set the MLB record for consecutive scoreless innings pitched. West returned to the NLCS in 1988 and was the plate umpire when Dodgers pitcher Jay Howell was ejected for having pine tar on his glove.
During a 1990 on-field brawl, West attempted to break up the fight by throwing Phillies pitcher Dennis Cook to the ground. The matter was ultimately handled between West, NL President Bill White, Vincent and the umpires union. West said White supported his actions in the brawl, but White quickly issued a statement saying he had prohibited West from making further physical contact with players. White was reported to have nearly resigned due to lack of support from Vincent, but the NL president remained in his post after receiving support from league owners. West met more controversy the next year when Chicago Cubs outfielder Andre Dawson bumped him after a called third strike during a game at Wrigley Field. After Dawson was ejected from the game, he walked back to the dugout and tossed fourteen bats onto the field. Chicago fans threw debris onto the field, causing a delay in the game. Dawson received a one-game suspension and a $1,000 fine. On his check to the league, Dawson wrote "donation for the blind."
In 1992, West made his first World Series appearance when the Atlanta Braves faced the Toronto Blue Jays. West was behind the plate in what represented the first World Series game played in Canada; ejected Braves manager Bobby Cox for throwing a helmet onto the field. In 1993, he appeared in the NLCS. He worked another no-hitter on April 8, 1994, when Kent Mercker shut down the Los Angeles Dodgers. The 1995 NLDS was West’s first League Division Series. The following year West worked in the NLCS. He returned to the World Series in 1997, when the Cleveland Indians faced the Florida Marlins.
In 1999, West was among 22 MLB umpires who engaged in mass resignations during a labor dispute. The strategy backfired when MLB simply accepted the resignations instead of entering into further negotiations with the umpiring union. The union filed charges against MLB with the National Labor Relations Board, saying the mass resignation was "a concerted action protected by law". After arbitration and appeals, MLB settled with the union. A few umpires received severance pay and were allowed to retire under the settlement, but West and several other umpires were rehired by MLB in 2002.
Since rehire.
In the same year he returned to the field, West worked in the ALDS. He also umpired in the 2003 and 2004 ALCS. In game six of the latter series, West's crew ruled Yankees batter Alex Rodriguez out for interference after Rodriguez appeared to swat the ball out of the glove of opposing pitcher Bronson Arroyo on his way to first base. Fans threw debris on the field, Red Sox manager Francona pulled his team off the field, and NYPD officers in riot gear took to the field to calm the crowd. West said fans actually applauded the umpires for the correct call when they came onto the field the following day. West’s first All-Star Game and World Series appearances after his rehire came in 2005; that year he umpired in his second ALDS and his third World Series, serving as World Series crew chief.
West was the home plate umpire when rookie pitcher Clay Buchholz threw a no-hitter against the Baltimore Orioles on September 1, 2007 at Fenway Park; West called a curveball strike three for the final out. He worked his 4,000th career game on July 30, 2009 at Miller Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; he ejected Washington Nationals manager Jim Riggleman from the contest. That same year he appeared in the American League Division Series and the World Series. He was also elected president of the World Umpires Association (WUA). West and the union's governing board negotiated the largest umpiring contract in the history of MLB. The contract runs from 2010 through the 2014 season. West designed the chest protector sold commercially as the West Vest, now marketed by Wilson Sporting Goods. He holds patents on the West Vest in the US, Australia, Canada and Japan. He also designed Wilson's high-end umpiring gear, the only umpiring equipment endorsed by MLB.
In 2010, West sparked controversy by criticizing the slow pace of the recently completed series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox, which he called "pathetic and embarrassing." Red Sox manager Terry Francona referred to the remarks as "troubling", while Yankees closer Mariano Rivera remarked, "If he has places to go, let him do something else". Columnist Wallace Matthews defended West, saying that the umpire was simply expressing what people had been thinking for a long time. West was not fined by MLB for his comments, but was "admonished firmly", according to press reports. On August 26, 2010, West was the plate umpire for Albert Pujols’ 400th career home run.
West umpired in his second NLDS (and fifth LDS) in 2011. The next year West was the first base umpire for Félix Hernández's August 15 perfect game against the Tampa Bay Rays. He umpired another NLDS that year and then appeared in his fifth World Series. His career has spanned the tenure of baseball commissioners Bowie Kuhn, Peter Ueberroth, Bart Giamatti, Fay Vincent, and Bud Selig. As of the 2014 season, West is MLB's most senior umpire. Umpire Bruce Froemming, who was previously the most senior umpire, spent 37 seasons in MLB, but he announced his retirement in 2007.
Reception.
West has been mentioned in several polls of MLB players. In 2006, the spring after he was crew chief in the World Series, a "Sports Illustrated" survey asked 470 MLB players to identify the best and worst umpires. West was identified as the best MLB umpire by 2 percent of those players, ranking him ninth on that list. With respect to the worst umpire, 6 percent of players in the survey selected West. Only three umpires were named more frequently as worst umpire in the survey. A 2007 review of umpire strike zones by The Hardball Times determined that West was the most consistent umpire in the major leagues. In a 2010 poll of 100 players, West ranked as the second-worst umpire in the league. In a 2011 players poll, West was named the best MLB umpire by 5 percent of players polled, placing him fifth. However, he was named the worst umpire in the same poll by 41 percent of players polled.
Outside of baseball.
West is known outside of umpiring as a singer–songwriter. His involvement in country music and his demeanor on the field have earned him the nickname "Cowboy Joe". West has described his music as "two chords and the truth... It's simple. It tells a story." In 2009, West said of his music pursuits, "I was lucky. You know, the dues you have to pay to get here as an umpire are long and tedious, but the music business, because I was already in the major leagues, kind of opened a lot of doors I normally wouldn't have been able to open." West has appeared at the Grand Ole Opry. He has performed with Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee and Merle Haggard. West served as a pallbearer for Boxcar Willie.
West released his first album, "Blue Cowboy", in 1987. "Blue Cowboy" is an album of three original songs and five covers. Chuck Yarborough of the "Cleveland Plain Dealer" said, "Listening to the first excerpt of his "Blue Cowboy" made me balk—you'll pardon the expression—at listening to the second. But I did. And the third. And so on. And now? Well, if I'm Nashville, I run West outta the game. The Hook. The Heave-Ho. The Thumb." In a September 2012 review, music blog Long After Dark said, ""Blue Cowboy" easily ranks with Ron Artest and Carl Lewis as one of the worst albums that a sports figure has cut... ever. I can say that I managed to make it through the record, although it was not easy."
He released "Diamond Dreams" in 2008. The album was a collaboration with Kent Goodson, pianist for country star George Jones. It tells baseball stories inspired by West's umpiring career. Goodson later said, "As I look back on how this CD came together, I realize that I am a musician and Joe is an umpire. But his love for music and my love for baseball bonded us in this project." Sports blogger Voodoo Brown described West as "in creepmode from the gate." Sportswriter Doug Miller said that the album was "a fun, humorous and often touching collection of spoken-word gems in which the listener gets a perfect sampling of the true personality of Cowboy Joe West."
West has made one film appearance, playing a third base umpire in the 1988 comedy film "" He also made a cameo appearance on the television crime drama "The Oldest Rookie". An avid golfer, West appears on the Celebrity Players Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2917630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917630" title="1972 CFL season">
1972 CFL season

The 1972 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 19th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 15th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1972.
The Canadian Football Hall of Fame was officially opened on November 28, 1972, in Hamilton. The Grey Cup game was played on astroturf at Ivor Wynne Stadium.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
"Note: All dates in 1972"

</doc>
<doc id="2917646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917646" title="Redundant (song)">
Redundant (song)

"Redundant" is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. It was released as the third single from their fifth album, "Nimrod". The song failed to match the impressive chart positions of its predecessors, despite an ambitious music video.
It is one of few Green Day songs in which vocalist/guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong uses an effects pedal.
Meaning.
Before the "Nimrod" sessions, Billie Joe Armstrong's marriage had been deteriorating, with the singer arguing with his wife Adrienne Armstrong constantly. Influenced by this conflict, Armstrong reflected on the relationship from two standpoints; the first being his passion for his wife, the second being the repetitious pattern that the relationship had fallen into. The phrase "I love you" had lost its effectiveness and seemed to be said merely out of routine.
Track listing.
7-inch
Vinyl Box Set
Music video.
The music video for "Redundant", directed by Mark Kohr, is an homage to Zbigniew Rybczyński's short film "Tango". It features the three band members performing the song in the middle of a home. The camera angle remains static for the whole duration of the video.
In the background, several people repeat various mundane tasks for the duration of the video:
The activity peaks near the middle of the video and declines near the end. Tré and Mike leave, but Billie Joe takes the newspaper before the woman can reach it, causing her to scream, and in some aspect, breaking the "routine".

</doc>
<doc id="2917649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917649" title="Speech">
Speech

Speech is the vocalized form of human communication. It is based upon the syntactic combination of lexicals and names that are drawn from very large (usually about 10,000 different words) vocabularies. Each spoken word is created out of the phonetic combination of a limited set of vowel and consonant speech sound units. These vocabularies, the syntax which structures them, and their set of speech sound units differ, creating the existence of many thousands of different types of mutually unintelligible human languages. Most human speakers are able to communicate in two or more of them, hence being polyglots. The vocal abilities that enable humans to produce speech also provide humans with the ability to sing.
A gestural form of human communication exists for the deaf in the form of sign language. Speech in some cultures has become the basis of a written language, often one that differs in its vocabulary, syntax and phonetics from its associated spoken one, a situation called diglossia. Speech in addition to its use in communication, it is suggested by some psychologists such as Vygotsky is internally used by mental processes to enhance and organize cognition in the form of an interior monologue.
Speech is researched in terms of the speech production and speech perception of the sounds used in vocal language. Other research topics concern speech repetition, the ability to map heard spoken words into the vocalizations needed to recreated that plays a key role in the vocabulary expansion in children and speech errors. Several academic disciplines study these including acoustics, psychology, speech pathology, linguistics, cognitive science, communication studies, otolaryngology and computer science. Another area of research is how the human brain in its different areas such as the Broca's area and Wernicke's area underlies speech.
It is controversial how far human speech is unique in that other animals also communicate with vocalizations. While none in the wild have compatibly large vocabularies, research upon the nonverbal abilities of language trained apes such as Washoe and Kanzi raises the possibility that they might have these capabilities. The origins of speech are unknown and subject to much debate and speculation.
Production.
In linguistics (articulatory phonetics), manner of articulation describes how the tongue, lips, jaw, and other speech organs are involved in making a sound make contact. Often the concept is only used for the production of consonants. For any place of articulation, there may be several manners, and therefore several homorganic consonants.
Normal human speech is produced with pulmonary pressure provided by the lungs which creates phonation in the glottis in the larynx that is then modified by the vocal tract into different vowels and consonants. However humans can pronounce words without the use of the lungs and glottis in alaryngeal speech of which there are three types: esophageal speech, pharyngeal speech and buccal speech (better known as Donald Duck talk).
Perception.
Speech perception refers to the processes by which humans are able to interpret and understand the sounds used in language. The study of speech perception is closely linked to the fields of phonetics and phonology in linguistics and cognitive psychology and perception in psychology. Research in speech perception seeks to understand how human listeners recognize speech sounds and use this information to understand spoken language. Speech research has applications in building computer systems that can recognize speech, as well as improving speech recognition for hearing- and language-impaired listeners.
Repetition.
Spoken vocalizations are quickly turned from sensory inputs into motor instructions needed for their immediate or delayed (in phonological memory) vocal imitation. This occurs independently of speech perception. This mapping plays a key role in enabling children to expand their spoken vocabulary and hence the ability of human language to transmit across generations.
Errors.
Speech is a complex activity; as a result, errors are often made in speech. Speech errors have been analyzed by scientists to understand the nature of the processes involved in the production of speech.
Problems involving speech.
There are several organic and psychological factors that can affect speech. Among these are:
Brain physiology.
Two areas of the cerebral cortex are necessary for speech. Broca's area, named after its discoverer, French neurologist Paul Broca (1824-1880), is in the frontal lobe, usually on the left, near the motor cortex controlling muscles of the lips, jaws, soft palate and vocal cords. When damaged by a stroke or injury, comprehension is unaffected but speech is slow and labored and the sufferer will talk in "telegramese". Wernicke's area, discovered in 1874 by German neurologist Carl Wernicke (1848-1904), lies to the back of the temporal lobe, again, usually on the left, near the areas receiving auditory and visual information. Damage to it destroys comprehension - the sufferer speaks fluently but nonsensically. Some researchers have explored the connections between brain physiology, neuroscience, and other elements of physiology to that of communication. Communibiology first proposed by Beatty and McCroskey address these issues and presents a set of specific axioms about these phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="2917650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917650" title="Peter C. Eagler">
Peter C. Eagler

Peter C. Eagler (born November 23, 1954, Clifton, New Jersey) is an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey. He is currently a city councilman in Clifton, New Jersey, a position he has held since 2006. Eagler is currently in his fourth term as a Clifton councilman, having been elected three previous times. Eagler is a former member of the New Jersey General Assembly representing the 34th legislative district. He served as an assemblyman from 2002-2006. Eagler served on the Assembly's Regulated Professions and Independent Authorities (as Chair), Telecommunications and Utilities (as Vice Chair) and Senior Issues Committees. He also served as a Passaic County Freeholder from 1996 until 2005.
Eagler graduated with a B.A. in 1976 from Fairleigh Dickinson University in Political Science and Russian Area Studies. In 1977 he began working as the Safety Inspector for the New Jersey Highway Authority, serving in that capacity for ten years until he was selected to head the directorship of the Heritage Festivals at the Garden State Arts Center. When the Arts Center was privatized, Mr. Eagler was assigned to the computer area of the Highway Authority where he now works. 
In 1990, Eagler campaigned for and won a seat on Clifton's City Council. He was subsequently reelected in 1994 and 1998. While serving on the council Eagler became a rising star in the county Democratic Party, and in 1995 was nominated with Harry Lashley to run against incumbent Republican Freeholders Walter Porter and Jack O'Brien. Although Eagler failed to finish in the top two, the Democrats stood him for election the following year with Georgia Scott and the two gained the first two seats in what would eventually become an absolute Democratic majority on the Freeholder Board in 2000. Following the Democrats taking the majority on the Freeholder Board following the 1997 election, Eagler was elected to a one-year term as Freeholder Director. He again was elected to the Director position in 2001.
In 2001, Eagler decided to run for state assembly as a Democrat alongside Willis Edwards III. Thanks to redistricting from the 2000 census Clifton, which had for years been linked with several Republican-leaning towns and cities, was paired with many Democratic strongholds in Essex County. Due in large part to that Eagler, Edwards, and State Senator Nia Gill swept the incumbent Republicans out of office. This enabled Eagler, with his seat on the Clifton council and the Passaic County Freeholder Board, to hold three offices simultaneously. He did not, however, stand for reelection to the Clifton city council in May of that year, but was reelected in November to a third term as Freeholder.
Eagler stood for re-election with East Orange's Sheila Oliver replacing Edwards on the ticket in 2003. Despite a divided ticket, where Eagler and Oliver ran under a separate Senate candidate, Eagler and Oliver were reelected along with Gill for a second term. He did not run for re-election in 2005 for reasons made unclear (it was not certain whether Eagler decided not to run on his own or if he had been bumped from the ticket in favor of current Assemblyman Thomas Giblin), and combined with his decision not to run for a fourth term as Freeholder Eagler left public office altogether.
After taking some time off, Eagler decided to attempt to regain a seat on the Clifton City Council. In May 2006, he was returned to the council along with three other candidates that ousted four incumbents (including three that had served multiple terms). He was sworn in on July 1, 2006, and is scheduled to stand for reelection in May 2010.
District 34.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 34th Legislative District for the 2004-2005 Legislative Session were:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2917660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917660" title="Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 2001–2004">
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 2001–2004

This is a list of members of the 50th Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2001 to 2004, as elected at the 2001 state election held on 17 February 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="2917665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917665" title="An Dương Vương">
An Dương Vương

An Dương Vương is the title of Thục Phán, who ruled over the kingdom of Âu Lạc (now Vietnam) from 257 to 207 BC. The leader of the Âu Việt tribes, he defeated and seized the throne from the last Hùng king of the state of Văn Lang, and united its people, known as the Lạc Việt, with the Âu Việt. In 208 BC, the capital Cổ Loa was attacked and the imperial citadel ransacked. An Dương Vương fled and committed suicide.
Historical accounts.
According to old Vietnamese historical records Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư and Khâm định Việt sử Thông giám cương mục, Thục Phán was a prince of the Chinese state of Shu (蜀, pronounced Thục in Vietnamese), sent by his father first to explore what are now the southern Chinese provinces of Guangxi and Yunnan and second to move their people to modern-day northern Vietnam during the invasion of the Qin Dynasty.
Some modern Vietnamese believe that Thục Phán came upon the territory Âu Việt tribes (modern-day northernmost Vietnam, western Guangdong, and southern Guangxi province, with its capital in what is today Cao Bằng Province). After assembling an army, he defeated the 18th dynasty of Hùng Vương, the last line of rulers of the Hồng Bàng Dynasty of Văn Lang, around 257 BC. He proclaimed himself An Dương Vương ("King An Dương"). He then renamed his newly acquired state from Văn Lang to Âu Lạc and established the new capital at Phong Khê in the present-day Phú Thọ town in northern Vietnam, where he tried to build Cổ Loa Citadel, the spiral fortress approximately ten miles north of that new capital.
Thục Phán and Âu Lạc's administration.
There is not much recorded or written about how the new Âu Lạc was administered and organized. Nonetheless, based on legendary records, he is assumed to have been an astute, intelligent, and significant figure. Certainly he was a talented general who knew how to exploit the confusion and turmoil in China during that period, not only to grab a piece of land for himself but also to secure his state's prosperity and survival. Around that same time, various states were fighting for control of China. Eventually, the Qin state rose to power and unified China under Emperor Qin Shi Huang. While Qin Shi Huang ordered the construction of the Great Wall, An Dương Vương had begun the construction of a spiral fortress called Cổ Loa Citadel (Vietnamese: "Cổ Loa Thành") to defend against invasions.
The legend of Cổ Loa Citadel and the Magic Crossbow.
Cổ Loa Citadel and Âu Lạc.
After Thục Phán defeated the last Hùng king and ascended to the throne as An Dương Vương, he renamed Văn Lang to Âu Lạc and established Cổ Loa Citadel as the new capital. He saw the strategic and geographic importance of Cổ Loa. On two of its sides, Cổ Loa was surrounded by impenetrable mountains and forests. There was also a river flowing by. No one knows why An Dương Vương favored the spiral, shell-like shape of Cổ Loa Citadel, but legend has it that its construction was extremely tough and difficult to complete. Each time it seemed near completion, it was undone at night by a hoard of evil spirits.
The legend of Cổ Loa and the Magic Crossbow.
An Dương Vương burnt incense, prayed, made offerings, and evoked the gods to help him. One night, in a dream, an old and frail man with long, white hair came to him and told him the only person who could help him build his citadel was a golden turtle that lived somewhere around Cổ Loa.
A few days later, while sitting in a boat on the river and thinking about the meaning of his dream, a giant golden turtle suddenly emerged from the water. The golden turtle told An Dương Vương that he would need one of its claws in order to accomplish his plan. Pulling out one of its claws and throwing it to An Dương Vương, the turtle vanished.
An Dương Vương had Cao Lỗ, his weaponry engineer, build a crossbow incorporating this claw which could shoot thousands of arrows at once. Indeed right after obtaining this claw, An Dương Vương saw his fortunes change. His capital started taking shape. His kingdom prospered and soon was coveted by neighboring states. Among one of those who coveted his territory was Zhao Tuo (Triệu Đà in Vietnamese), a Qin general who refused to surrender to the newly established Han Dynasty. For a period of ten years around 217 to 207 BC, Triệu Đà attempted many invasions to conquer Âu Lạc but failed each time due to An Dương Vương's military skills and defense tactics.
Triệu Đà's scheme.
Triệu Đà, having been beaten several times, devised a new plan. He negotiated a peace treaty with Âu Lạc. He determined to find out where lay the strength and strategies of his foe. He even went so far as to propose marriage between An Dương Vương’s daughter, Princess Mỵ Châu () and his son Trọng Thủy (, Zhong Shi). In time Triệu Đà found out through his daughter-in-law Mỵ Châu that An Dương Vương had a magic crossbow that made him almost invincible. Triệu Đà then he told his son Trọng Thủy to sneak into his father-in-law's palace and steal this "magic crossbow", replacing it with a fake. Triệu Đà, with the magic crossbow in his hands, launched a new attack on his foe and in-law An Dương Vương.
The deaths of Mỵ Châu and Trọng Thủy.
This time, Cổ Loa fortress fell into Triệu Đà's hands. An Dương Vương grabbed Mỵ Châu, his only daughter, and fled the scene of the battle. He rode to the river and encountered the giant golden turtle, which told An Dương Vương, “The enemy is sitting right behind you!”
Angered by his own daughter's betrayal, the king slew his daughter (in a popular version of the tale he beheaded her). Then he jumped into the river with the giant golden turtle.
Trọng Thủy, searching for his beloved wife, arrived a few minutes later at the scene. The body of his beloved wife was lying in a pool of blood and his father-in-law was nowhere to be seen. In accordance with conjugal fidelity and devotion, he drew his sword and killed himself as well, in order to be with his wife forever in eternity. The story of Mỵ Châu and Trọng Thủy is a tragic love story retold often in Vietnam's literature.
Having defeated An Duong Vuong, Triệu Đà annexed the newly conquered territory to his own and created the state of Nam Viet (Nanyue), proclaimed himself a new emperor of the Triệu Dynasty (207–111 BC).
Historians.
Vietnamese historians typically view the main events of this era as having roots in historical fact. However interpretation and reconciliation of the history of the period has been set in, and sometimes against, the history of Soviet interpretation of history.

</doc>
<doc id="2917667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917667" title="Henry Post">
Henry Post

Henry Burnet Post (June 15, 1885 - February 9, 1914) was a first lieutenant in the US Army and a pioneer aviator who was killed in a crash. He set the altitude record of 12,120 feet.
He was the son of Colonel Henry Albertson Van Zo Post and Caroline Burnet McLean. On January 25, 1907, he married Grace Woodman Phillips (1887–1971). After his death, she married Francis Cogswell in 1916.
He served in the 25th infantry, and the 1st Aero Squadron. He died in San Diego, California in an air crash. He was buried in Section 3 of Arlington National Cemetery, near other early aviators and also near a number of American Astronauts. Henry Post Army Airfield the airfield at Fort Sill, Oklahoma is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2917670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917670" title="Ben Sargent">
Ben Sargent

Ben Sargent (born November 26, 1948) is an American editorial cartoonist. He began drawing editorial cartoons for the "Austin American-Statesman" in 1974 and retired in 2009. His cartoons are also distributed nationally by Universal Press Syndicate.
He was born in Amarillo, Texas, into a newspaper family. He learned the printing trade from age twelve and started working for the local daily as a proof runner at fourteen. He attended Amarillo College and received a Bachelor of Journalism degree from the University of Texas at Austin in 1970.
Sargent won the Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning in 1982. He has also received awards from Women in Communications, Inc., Common Cause of Texas, and Cox Newspapers.
He is the author of "Texas Statehouse Blues" (1980) and "Big Brother Blues" (1984).
Sargent is married to Diane Holloway, former television critic for the "Austin American-Statesman".
In a profile published in the January 2005 issue of "The Good Life" magazine, Sargent stated, "As a newspaper journalist, you're professionally obligated to be fair, accurate, complete and balanced. But there are two pages in the back of the paper where we're obligated to be fair, accurate and complete—but we don't have to be 'balanced.' I'm not a pollster. To me, you're obligated as an opinion journalist to express your views no matter what the politics of the day. If you don't, then people will say, 'Why should I read what this guy's saying? He doesn't even know where he stands?' That makes your position as an opinion journalist kind of useless."

</doc>
<doc id="2917671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917671" title="Chris Neil">
Chris Neil

Chris Neil (born June 18, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Neil currently plays right wing and is an alternate captain for the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Early years.
Neil started out playing minor hockey in the town of Flesherton, Ontario. He later played for the Grey-Bruce Highlanders of the South-Central Triple A Hockey League before getting his junior hockey start with the Junior "B" Orangeville Crushers. He played three successful junior seasons with the OHL's North Bay Centennials. In his final junior season in North Bay, Neil had a career year and gave an indication that he could be more than merely a physical presence, scoring 72 points in 66 games.
NHL career.
Chris Neil was drafted by the Ottawa Senators in the 6th round (161st overall) of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Ottawa management prized his toughness and work ethic and saw Neil as a player who would potentially fill a much needed role on the team for years to come. Neil spent two seasons with Ottawa's AHL affiliate in Grand Rapids, racking up back to back seasons of 300+ penalty minutes and establishing himself as a solid team player at the pro level.
Leading up to the 2001–02 season, Neil had a strong training camp and made the Ottawa lineup. He made his NHL debut on October 3, 2001, against the Toronto Maple Leafs. The next night, he got his first NHL point in a game against the Montreal Canadiens. On October 30, 2001, he scored his first goal against the Atlanta Thrashers. In his rookie season, Neil appeared in 72 games and scored 17 points, while accumulating 231 penalty minutes and establishing himself as a fearless combatant. 
During the 2002–03 season, Chris had 10 points in 68 games and led the Senators with 147 penalty minutes. The next year, Chris again led the Senators with 194 penalty minutes. 
The 2005–06 season saw Neil's role with the Senators expand. When Brian McGrattan made the Ottawa lineup out of training camp, much of the responsibilities as "team enforcer" were lifted off Neil's shoulders, and he was given the opportunity to contribute in a more offensive role. He responded, and posted the best offensive totals of his NHL career with 16 goals and 33 points. The following season, Neil posted similar numbers with 12 goals and 28 points while leading the NHL in hits. The coaching staff rewarded him with special teams assignments, and he received regular powerplay shifts.
As the 2007–08 season unfolded, Brian McGrattan saw very limited ice time, and Neil was once again called upon to act as the Senators' enforcer and primary physical presence on many nights. As a result, his offensive production declined, though he did finish the season with a respectable 20 points.
Neil had a disappointing 2008-09 season, registering only 10 points, his lowest total since his rookie season, and the Senators missed the playoffs for the first time during his tenure in Ottawa. After the season, Neil became an unrestricted free agent, and there was speculation that he would sign elsewhere. Instead, he signed a four-year, $8 million contract with the Senators. Neil reportedly received offers from three other clubs, but ended up accepting less money to remain in Ottawa.
The 2011-12 season was a good one for Neil and the Senators. During the regular season, Neil registered 13 goals and 28 points in 72 games, his best offensive totals since 2006–07. Picked by many analysts to finish at or near the bottom of the standings, the Senators made the playoffs and came within one game of upsetting the first seeded New York Rangers in the first round. Neil knocked forward Brian Boyle (concussion) out of the series with a hit in Game 5. After the season, enforcers Matt Carkner and Zenon Konopka departed Ottawa via free agency. Needing his toughness in the lineup, the Senators subsequently re-signed Neil to a three-year contract worth $5.75 million.
During the 2012 NHL Lockout, Neil elected not to play in Europe as several of his teammates had. Instead, he remained in Ottawa and practiced with the Carleton Ravens, who were coached by his ex-Senators' teammate Shaun Van Allen.
Neil was named an alternate captain of the Senators on September 14, 2013. He scored his 100th career regular-season NHL goal on January 23, 2014 on Ben Bishop of the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Personal.
Before Neil was married, he and teammate Mike Fisher were roommates. The pair remain close to this day, and are both devout Christians. On June 1, 2007, Neil and his wife, Caitlin, celebrated the birth of their first child named Hailey Jean, weighing 6 lbs. and 10 ounces. In the next game, he scored an important goal which he dedicated to her.
Neil counts Denis Savard as his favourite player growing up. He lists four-wheeling, boating, and horseback riding as his favourite hobbies.
On July 14, 2011, Neil and his wife Caitlin were introduced as the new honorary chairs of Rogers House, an Ottawa charity which provides a home away from home for sick children and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="2917683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917683" title="The Michael Richards Show">
The Michael Richards Show

The Michael Richards Show is a sitcom that debuted on NBC in 2000. The show starred Michael Richards as reality-challenged but successful private detective Vic Nardozza who gets the job done despite his unconventional methods.
History.
After his previous show, "Seinfeld", stopped production, Michael Richards reteamed with three former "Seinfeld" writers/producers in a comedy caper about a private eye in Los Angeles. When originally conceived, Richards wanted to differentiate his character from Kramer, the role he immortalized on "Seinfeld". However, the network disagreed and decided that the character would share characteristics with his previous role. The show received generally negative reviews and was cancelled within two months due to poor ratings.
Show summary.
The show is about Vic Nardozza (Michael Richards), a lanky and clumsy private investigator working for McKay Investigative Services. Throughout the show, misunderstandings and screw-ups get in the way of the cases, but Nardozza always ends up getting the job done.
The character Nardozza was named after Richards' own mother, Phyllis Nardozzi.

</doc>
<doc id="2917688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917688" title="Damghan">
Damghan

Damghan (, also Romanized as Dāmghān) is a city in, and capital of, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57,331, in 15,849 families.
Damghan is situated east of Tehran on the high-road to Mashad, at an elevation of . The city trades in pistachios and paper almonds (kaghazi), with very thin shells, which are famous throughout the country.
Damghan was an important city in the Middle Ages, and was the capital of the province of Qumis (Qoomes), but was destroyed by the Afghans in 1723. Few remnants of that time remain; one is the ruined Tari-khaneh mosque with a number of massive columns and wood carvings and two minarets of the 11th century. The remains of Hecatompylos lie to the southwest of the city, extending from Forat, south of Damghan, to nearly west. On an eminence in the western part of the city are the ruins of a large square citadel with a small white-washed building, called Molud Khaneh (the house of birth), in which Fath Ali Shah was born (1772). The Tari-khaneh (c. 9th century), possibly the oldest known mosque in Iran, still stands in the city.
To the southeast of the city there is ruin of a castle from the Sassanids now called Tappeh Hessar, which is thought to be a garrison. After excavation in 1996, archeologists announced that the area ruins indicated three layers from three different eras. The oldest one dates back to 4000 BCE when the Aryans settled in the Iranian plateau.
Despite 7,000 years history, Damghan has been forgotten beneath desert sand dunes, It is one of the most ancient urban metropolis in the Iranian plateau, with many historical monuments including Tappeh Hessar which belongs to the Median (728-550 BCE), Parthians (248-224 CE)) and Sassanid (224-651 CE) dynastic periods — the Tarikhaneh was built as a fire temple during the Sassanid dynasty and converted into a mosque after the advent of Islam - and many other historical buildings belonging to Seljuks and other periods.
History.
The name Damghan comes from "Deh" and "Moghan". "Deh" means village and "Moghan" means Magi. This name was given by Zoroastrians who included such people as King Cyrus and Darius of ancient Persia. http://www.damghannews.com. Historiographers ascribe the construction of Damghan to Hooshang, Keyumars' great grandson and the founder of the legendary Pishdadi dynasty. The historical town has inherited various names such as Qoomes. Qoomes or Qumis was a province stretching from Sabzevar to Garmsar, from north up to Alborz Mountain Range and to the Lut Desert in the south. Up to the 1st century AD, Damghan was the capital of that great province.
During Alexander of Macedon's invasion into Iran, the Greeks called it Hecatompylos ("hundred gates"). The Greeks called every big and important city Hecatompylos and they have recorded a similar big and bustling Egyptian city with that appellation.
Of historical treasures in Damghan one must refer to the valuable Tappeh Hessar which was constructed before the birth of Christ. Professor Hertzfeld (1931-1933) and Dr. Schmidt (1933-1938) were the first archaeologists who explored the Tappeh.
Tappeh Hessar with several layers of civilizations is hiding a long history in its bosom. Part of the layers in the Tappeh belong to the Mades dynasty which shared its civilization with Mesopotamia. Another layer covers the Achamenid, Parthian and Seleucid periods. Tappeh Hessar achieved its peak of glory during the Seleucid and Parthian periods. During the reign of Arsaces II, Damghan was the capital of the Parthian Empire in Iran. With the discovery of relics from that period one comes across another layer which is ascribed to the Sassanians. Historical excavations has shown that the history of Damghan starts 4 ~ 5 thousand years BCE. For example Carbon 16 isotope inspections in Tappeh Hessar have revealed items belonging to 7,000 years ago. Recently expansion of Tehran-Mashhad railway into double lanes the body of a woman along with her fetus was discovered with over 7,000 years age.
Scientists have discovered metal in her teeth which leads us to believe that she was the goddess Tootam. Tootam worship was a religion which prevailed among the Iranians, Egyptians and Indians many thousand years ago.
Damghan was half destroyed in the 856 Damghan earthquake.
Tarikhaneh, the oldest mosque in Iran.
Tarikhaneh Mosque is in fact the oldest mosque in Iran belonging to the 1st century after arrival of Islam which still preserves its original shape. Tarikhaneh and Na'in Mosque in Na'in are the only mosques in the Islamic World which resemble the Medina Mosque. This mosque was built during the 8th century AD by imitating Roman, Iranian and Arabic architecture. This is an Arabic design but the building material and architecture is Sassanid. This leads us to believe that originally it had been a fire temple during the Sassanid period, and later the mosque was built over its ruins. One column resembling Sassanian architecture at the eastern wing is a proof of this assertion.
Tarikhaneh Mosque is equipped with a square yard and a gallery with 18 columns facing the Qiblah and the three sides of the yard are surrounded by porticos. The minaret rising over the mosque is said to belong to Seljuks and the tiled inscription over the minaret is in fact the oldest tile work in Islamic architecture.
The prefix "Tari", a Turkish or Mongol term, means God and "khaneh" is Iranian word for house so the word means the house of God.
City fortification a Sassanid architecture
Walls or fortifications and battlements have survived in many parts in Damghan. As mentioned in the history the wall was very wide and enabled chariots to drive over it. The remains of that wall can be seen north and south of Damghan.
Seljuk architecture
Much treasure has survived from the Seljuk period in Damghan. Peer-e Alamdar's Shrine (The Old Flagbearer's Tomb), Congregation Mosque or Masjed Jame', the minaret of Congregation Mosque, Tarikhaneh Mosque, Mansourkuh, Imamzadeh Jafar Tower and Chehel Dokhtaran Vault, etc. are buildings in which Islamic architecture from Seljuk period onward is notable. For the first time in Iran these buildings carry brick decorations to compensate for the monotonous and uniform rows.
Chehel Dokhtaran a family vault
Chehel Dokhtaran Vault is located at the center of Damghan and behind Imamzade Jafar, both of which belong to Seljuk period. A Kufi inscription in the edifice says the vault was built in 466 AH (1087 AD) and has survived without cracks although the city is lying on the earthquake belt.
What is more interesting in the vault is its onion-like dome which is adorned by bricks with artistic images and an inscription. The building which used to be a family vault is 14.8 m high and in its famous inscription the deceased have sought divine mercy in their lasting residence.
Hashshashin Forts.
North of the city, along the Cheshme Ali and Mazandaran road, there are two forts built on the top of two mountains.
The first one is 5 km far from the city, on the peak of Gerdkuh, one of the main Ismaili's Hashshashin fortress which used by Hassan Sabah. It was conquered by Hulagu Khan finally. Due to circular shape of mountain peak, it was named Gerdkuh, Gerd for circular (round) and Kuh for mountain. This shape made it very difficult to access by invaders.
Another one is Mehrnegar Fort on Mansourkuh, 22 km north of city, along the roud. The mountain is Pyramid like and the fort located on its top. This was one of the fortifications of dreaded Ismaili esoteric sect during Seljuk invasion and has been named Mehrnegar because of Princess Mehrnegar's love story.
Cheshmeh-Ali.
Evergreen Cheshmeh-Ali [http://i.pbase.com/o3/33/693833/1/90012809.7E8DEQOD.IMG_0039_2.jpg], This is one of the permanent springs in Damghan, 30 km north of the city. Thanks to its verdant foliage and pleasant climate this region has been frequented by people from ancient times. During the Qajar period many buildings were constructed in Cheshmeh Ali among which the Fat'hali Shah and Agha Mohammad Khan palaces still stand erect. Fat'hali Shah's palace is built in the middle of a lagoon placed between the first and second spring and Aqa Mohammad-Khan's palace is facing opposite the former palace. Cheshmeh-Ali has always interested the visiting tourists.
Beside those mentioned above one might refer to the Gonbade Zangol, Toghrol's Tower, Qoosheh Amirabad Caravansary (A Shah Abbas, The Great era building), historical hills and hazel-shaped castles around the city as well as Gerdkuh and Masoumzadeh Mehmandoust fortifications. Damghan's bazaar contains tombs, old schools, baths and the like. Out of historical monuments in Damghan which has always interested foreign archaeologists many relics have been unearthed which are deposited in the British and French museums and display ancient Iranian civilization.
Damghan shines like a bezel in the desert region. With its ample cultural heritages and authentic background Damghan's ancient civilization is undeniable and each relic in the city can substantiate its genuine past. By rubbing the dust of forgetfulness off this shining bezel we can display Damghan's ancient shining face to the world and introduce it as an important tourism and sightseeing place in Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="2917695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917695" title="Matema">
Matema

Matema is a town in southwestern Tanzania. The town is primarily a fishing village with some agriculture. It is located on the northern tip of Lake Nyasa (Lake Malawi) and is 90 kilometres (straight line distance) south-east of Mbeya.

</doc>
<doc id="2917697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917697" title="Mobile Mysticks">
Mobile Mysticks

The Mobile Mysticks were a professional minor league ice hockey team based in Mobile, Alabama that played in the ECHL. They played their home games at the Mobile Civic Center. The team was founded in 1995 as an expansion franchise, joining the ECHL alongside the Louisville River Frogs and the Louisiana IceGators. The Mysticks owed their name to the prevalence of mystic societies—social organizations responsible for throwing parades and balls during the Carnival season—that existed in Mobile since the early 1700s.
The Mysticks qualified for the Kelly Cup playoffs for five out of their seven seasons, but never advanced past the second round. In 2002, the franchise suspended operations and moved to Duluth, Georgia for the 2003–04 season.
Franchise history.
The Mobile Mysticks began play in the ECHL as an expansion franchise for the 1995–96 season under head coach and former NHL player Eddie Johnstone. During this time, they served as a minor league affiliate for the NHL's Philadelphia Flyers and the AHL's Hershey Bears.
Following a rough start (the Mysticks finished seventh in their division and did not qualify for the playoffs their inaugural year; the following year they finished fourth in their division and were eliminated from the playoffs in a first-round sweep by the Louisiana IceGators) the Mysticks decided against renewing Johnstone's contract. His replacement, Matt Shaw, led Mobile to a fifth-place divisional finish and another first-round loss, again in a three-game sweep by the IceGators. Shaw did not return to the Mysticks for the following season.
Jeff Pyle joined the Mysticks as head coach for the 1998–99 season. With Pyle at the helm, the team saw postseason action for the next three seasons—losing in the 1999 preliminary round to the Birmingham Bulls; falling in the first round of the 2000 playoffs to the Greenville Grrrowl; and in their most successful playoff bid, falling in double overtime in the second round to the South Carolina Stingrays (the eventual Kelly Cup champions) in 2001. The Mysticks failed to qualify for the playoffs in 2002, and the franchise suspended operations, eventually moving to Duluth, Georgia in 2003 to become the Gwinnett Gladiators.
Season-by-season record.
Records as of 2001–02 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2917699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917699" title="Jain Agamas">
Jain Agamas

Agamas are original texts of Jainism based on Mahavira’s teachings. Mahavira’s preaching were orally compiled by his disciples into various Sutras (texts) which were collectively called Jain canonical or Agamic literature. Traditionally these sutras were orally passed on from teachers (acaryas or gurus) to the disciples for several centuries. The scholars date the composition of Jain Agamas at around the 6th to 3rd century BC.
History.
Date of composition.
While some authors date the composition of Jain Agamas starting from 6th century BC, noted Indologist Hermann Jacobi holds that the composition of the Jaina siddhanta would fall somewhere about the end of the 4th or the beginning of the 3rd century BC. The general consensus amongst scholars is that the earliest portions of Jain siddhanta were composed around the 4th or 3rd century BC. This is also in agreement with Jain tradition according to which the agamic literature and the Purvas were passed from one heads of the order to his disciples for around 170 years after the nirvana of Mahavira. However with time, it became difficult to keep the entire Jain literature committed to memory. According to tradition, there occurred a twelve years of famine around 350 BC where it was extremely difficult for the Jain ascetics to survive during this time. Under such circumstances they could not preserve the entire canonical literature. The Purvas or the ancient texts were already forgotten and lost after the famine. According to Svetambara tradition, the agamas were collected on the basis of collective memory of the ascetics in the first council of Pataliputra under the stewardship of Acarya Sthulibhadra in around to 463–367 BC. However, the Digambara Jain sect maintains that after the famine, the entire Jain canonical literature became extinct.
Contents.
The Agamas were composed of the following forty-six texts:
Languages of Agamas and literature.
Jainism puts great value on learning. Jains have been prolific authors and avid readers for centuries. India's oldest manuscript libraries have been preserved in Jaisalmer and Patan by Jain scholars. According to the 2001 census, the Jains are the most literate community in India.
The Jain literature includes both religious texts and books on generally secular topics such as sciences, history, and grammar. The Jains have used several languages at different times and in different regions of India.

</doc>
<doc id="2917700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917700" title="Sheila Oliver">
Sheila Oliver

Sheila Y. Oliver (born July 14, 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician, who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2004, where she represents the 34th legislative district. She previously served as the Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly, from January 12, 2010-January 14, 2014. She is the second woman to serve as Speaker in New Jersey history, the first being Marion West Higgins, who served in 1965, and the second African-American to hold this post, the first being S. Howard Woodson, who first held the post in 1974.
On June 10, 2013, she formally announced that she would run in the special election for the senate seat held by Frank Lautenberg.
Oliver serves in the Assembly on the Human Services Committee (as Chair), the Higher Education Committee and the Labor Committee.
She served on the East Orange Board of Education from 1994-2000, as its President from 1999-2000 and as Vice President from 1998-1999. She served on the Essex County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 1996-1999. In 1997, she became the first woman to launch a competitive campaign for Mayor in the City of East Orange, losing the election by a mere 51 votes.
Oliver was one of the founders of the Newark Coalition for Low Income Housing, an organization that successfully sued the Newark Housing Authority and the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in federal court to block the demolition of all publicly subsidized low income housing in Newark, as there was no plan in place for the construction of replacement housing for low-income Newark residents. As a result, the Newark Housing Authority was directed by a federal consent order to build one-for-one replacement housing for low-income residents.
Oliver graduated with a B.A. from Lincoln University (Pennsylvania) in Sociology and was awarded an M.S. from Columbia University in Planning and Administration.
District 34.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one member in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 34th District for the 2010-2011 Legislative Session are:

</doc>
<doc id="2917704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917704" title="Dissorophidae">
Dissorophidae

Dissorophidae is an extinct family of medium-sized, temnospondyl amphibians that flourished during the Late Pennsylvanian and early Permian periods in what is now North America and Europe. Despite being amphibians, they seem to be well developed for life on land, with well-developed limbs, solid vertebrae, and a row of armour plates of dermal bone, which both protected the animal and further strengthened the backbone.
A well known genus is "Cacops", a squat solid animal from the late Early Permian (Artinskian age) Clear Fork group of Texas, with a relatively huge head, and a row of armor plates along the back. In the similar but slightly larger and more specialised genus, "Platyhystrix", whose fossil remains are known from the Cutler Group of Utah, Coloardo, and New Mexico, the armor developed into a sort of ridge or sail.
Not all Dissorophids were squat-bodied big headed animals. "Fayella", from the late Artinskian of Oklahoma, was lightly built with long limbs, obviously relying on speed rather than armour plating as a defense against predators.
There are a number of related forms which seem to have been more aquatic, which are known from the Late Permian of Russia and the Early Triassic of Gondwana.
It has been suggested that the Dissorophidae may be close to the ancestry of modern amphibians (Lissamphibia), as it is closely related to another family called Amphibamidae that is often considered ancestral to this group, although it could also be on the tetrapod stem.
Fossil range.
Below is a timeline of the known fossil ranges of dissorophids.
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Schoch (2012):

</doc>
<doc id="2917706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917706" title="Palafrugell">
Palafrugell

Palafrugell () is a municipality in the Mediterranean "Costa Brava", located near Palamós in the "comarca" of Baix Empordà, in the province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain. With 22,365 inhabitants it is the largest city of its comarca. Several coastal and interior towns (Llafranc, Calella de Palafrugell, Tamariu and Llofriu) belong to this city.
The combination of a good summer climate and beautiful beaches has been exploited for both domestic and international tourism. Tourists have come from a wide range of countries, especially the Netherlands, England, France, and more recently, America. It also serves as a summer holiday town for residents of cities such as Barcelona and Girona.
This medieval town was once fortified but is no longer. Many narrow streets emanate from Plaça Nova -a large square with bars, restaurants and boutiques. The local government (Ajuntament) sponsors activities such as concerts and dances including the traditional Sardana. St. Martí's church was built in the late 11th century and is close to Plaça Nova.
There is a new bus station belonging to Grup SARBUS whose local division is known as Sarfa. The station has a regular bus service, servicing the Costa Brava region (including Llafranc, Calella de Palafrugell, and Tamariu) as well as Barcelona.
Palafrugell was reputed for its cork manufacturing in the 18th and 19th centuries. The largest factory was owned by the American company Armstrong and employed hundreds of locals. Its closing in the 1970s led to severe unemployment. The factory's tower still stands, and there is now a small museum commemorating the cork industry just below it.

</doc>
<doc id="2917708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917708" title="Dammartin">
Dammartin

Dammartin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917712" title="Dan Hamhuis">
Dan Hamhuis

Daniel Hamhuis (born December 13, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Hamhuis played major junior hockey with the Prince George Cougars of the Western Hockey League (WHL) and was selected 12th overall by the Nashville Predators in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft. The following year, he was awarded the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy and Four Broncos Memorial Trophy as the league's best defenceman and player of the year, respectively; he would also be named the top defenceman in the Canadian Hockey League (CHL), the governing body of major junior hockey in Canada. After a final season in the WHL, Hamhuis made his professional debut with the Milwaukee Admirals of the American Hockey League (AHL), a minor league affiliate of the Predators. He made his NHL debut the next year for Nashville. After five seasons with the club, Hamhuis became an unrestricted free agent and signed a six-year contract with the Canucks. In his first year with the club, he helped Vancouver to the 2011 Stanley Cup Finals, where they lost to the Boston Bruins.
Hamhuis has played in several international tournaments at both the junior and senior levels for Canada. At the 2001 and 2002 World Junior Championships, he won a bronze and silver medal, respectively. He also appeared in four straight World Championships, winning a gold at the 2007 tournament and silver at both the 2008 and 2009 tournaments. On January 7th, 2014, he was named to the 2014 Canadian Olympic Hockey Team, winning a gold medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics. 
Playing career.
Prince George Cougars.
Hamuis suffered a broken leg during his junior draft-eligible season, limiting his exposure to WHL scouts. Consequently, he went unselected in the WHL Bantam Draft.
Hamhuis went unselected as a bantam player in the WHL Bantam Draft. He later admitted to not even being aware of the junior draft until a couple months later. The Prince George Cougars later put Hamhuis on their protected list and he went on to make his junior debut in 1998–99. He recorded a goal and four points over 56 games while being named both Prince George's rookie and scholastic player of the year. The following season, he improved to 10 goals and 33 points in 70 games. He helped Prince George advance to the Conference Finals, scoring two goals and five points in a junior career-high of 13 post-season games. He was also named the Cougars' scholastic player for the year for the second year in a row.
Hamhuis' third WHL season in 2000–01 saw him increase his offensive production to 13 goals and 59 points over 62 games, eighth in scoring among league defencemen. He received WHL West First All-Star Team honours and was named Prince George's most dedicated player. Playing in his NHL draft-eligible season, he participated in the 2001 CHL Top Prospects Game, where he served as captain for his team. Hamhuis was ranked by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau as the second-best North American prospect overall (behind Jason Spezza) and the top defenceman. He went on to be selected with the 12th overall pick in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Nashville Predators. He was the second defenceman to be selected after the Montreal Canadiens took Mike Komisarek seventh overall. Scouting reports listed him as a physical offensive defenceman with excellent skating, passing and open-ice hitting abilities, as well as a good hockey sense. Having identified his shot as a weaker aspect of his game, he worked on improving it during his junior years. His coach in Prince George likened his playing style to Scott Niedermayer.
Following his draft, Hamhuis attended his first NHL training camp, but was returned to the WHL as an early cut on September 19, 2001. Playing in his fourth season of junior, he recorded career-highs of 50 assists and 60 points in 59 games. At the end of the campaign, he was awarded the Bill Hunter Memorial Trophy and Four Broncos Memorial Trophy as the league's best defenceman and player of the year, respectively. It marked the first time a player had won both awards since Barry Beck in 1977. Hamhuis additionally received the CHL Defenceman of the Year Award and was named to the WHL West and CHL First All-Star Teams. He was also named Prince George's most valuable player. Hamhuis left Prince George as the club's all-time leader in assists with 123 (he was later surpassed by Blake Robson on January 28, 2003).
Nashville Predators.
On July 7, 2002, Hamhuis was signed by the Predators. He was a late cut from Nashville's roster for the 2002–03 season and was assigned within the club's system to the Milwaukee Admirals of the AHL on October 3. He received a three-game suspension early in the season for an infraction during a game against the Utah Grizzlies. He went on to record six goals and 27 points over 68 games in his professional rookie campaign with the Admirals. 
Hamhuis transitioned to the NHL the following season by making the Predators' lineup out of training camp. He scored his first NHL goal on October 16, 2003, a game winner on the powerplay against St. Louis Blues goaltender Chris Osgood; Nashville won the game 4–1. Late in the campaign, he recorded a five-point night (one goal and four assists) in a 9–4 win against the Pittsburgh Penguins on March 4, 2004. He finished the season with seven goals and 26 points over 82 games with Predators in 2003–04. He ranked tied for third in point-scoring and second in average ice time among the NHL's rookie defencemen. Hamhuis was also chosen to the 2004 NHL YoungStars Game, representing the Western Conference in a 7–3 win. Hamhuis helped the Predators make the playoffs for the first time in franchise history in his rookie season and added two assists in the club's first-round elimination to the Detroit Red Wings.
Due to the season-long NHL lockout, Hamhuis returned to the AHL in 2004–05. Notching 13 goals and 51 points in 76 games, he was named to the AHL Second All-Star Team. He was also chosen to participate in the 2005 AHL All-Star Game for the Canadian team. With the NHL set to resume in 2005–06, the Predators re-signed Hamhuis to a one-year contract on August 16, 2005. Returning to Nashville, he went on to record a career-high seven goals, 31 assists and 38 points in 82 games. He led all Predators players in ice time and ranked second in plus-minus with a +11 rating.
Following his breakout season, the Predators and Hamhuis agreed to a four-year, $8 million contract on September 21, 2006. He earned $1.5 million in his first year of the deal, gradually increasing to $2.5 million in his fourth. His offensive production dipped to a career-low 20 points in the season following the signing. In 2007–08, he recorded four goals and 27 points over 80 games. Hamhuis scored his first Stanley Cup playoff goal in game four of the opening round against the Detroit Red Wings, a 3–2 win. However, Nashville lost the next two games and were eliminated. Hamhuis continued scoring at the same pace in the following two seasons, recording 26 and 24 points in 2008–09 and 2009–10, respectively.
Hamhuis' role with the Predators was diminished in his final few seasons in Nashville with the emergence of younger defencemen Shea Weber and Ryan Suter as the club's top two defencemen. With Weber and Suter providing most of the offense from the blueline, Hamhuis was used primarily as a shutdown defenceman, matching up against opposing team's top forward units and leading the club in shorthanded ice time, while seeing limited powerplay time.
As it became apparent that Hamhuis would not be re-signed by the Predators following the 2009–10 season, his negotiating rights were traded to the Philadelphia Flyers, along with a 2011 conditional draft pick, for Ryan Parent on June 19, 2010. Hamhuis and the Predators had been negotiating for most of the season, as well as in the summer, but Nashville was not willing to meet his asking price. After failing to agree to a contract with Philadelphia as well, his rights were traded once again to the Pittsburgh Penguins for a 2011 third-round pick on June 25; negotiations with the club were also unsuccessful.
Vancouver Canucks.
On July 1, 2010, Hamhuis became an unrestricted free agent and signed a six-year, $27 million contract with the Vancouver Canucks. Growing up in Smithers, British Columbia, he was specifically interested in signing with the Canucks during his pending free agency, which factored into his decision to sign with neither Philadelphia nor Pittsburgh. The Canucks had reportedly tried to acquire Hamhuis previously at the 2009–10 trade deadline, with Nashville asking for prospect Cody Hodgson and a first-round draft pick in exchange. Several days prior to his free agency, the Canucks traded for defenceman Keith Ballard from the Florida Panthers, which initially led Hamhuis to believe the Canucks would be no longer interested in him. However, on July 1, the Canucks were one of ten teams to offer him a contract and he signed with the club despite more lucrative deals of up to $5 million in salary and terms of seven years.
Five games into the 2010–11 season, he suffered a bruised foot while blocking a shot during a contest against the Carolina Hurricanes on October 17, 2010. The injury caused him to miss eight games. After returning to the lineup, he scored his first goal as a Canuck – an empty-netter in the final minute of a 5–3 win against the Toronto Maple Leafs on November 13. Later in the season, Hamhuis suffered a concussion during a game against the Anaheim Ducks on February 9, 2011. After making a pass from behind his net, he received a bodycheck from opposing forward Ryan Getzlaf, causing him to hit his head on the boards. He lay motionless on the ice for several minutes before being helped to the Canucks' dressing room. While no penalty was called on the play, Hamhuis' teammates described the hit as a dirty play on Getzlaf's part after the game. Conversely, Canucks head coach Alain Vigneault told media it was a "good hit by a big player" and that Hamhuis "was watching his pass and should have been trying to protect himself." Speaking publicly of the injury for the first time 10 days later, Hamhuis said he did not deem the hit "dirty", but "unnecessary", given the "puck was...off stick" and he was in a "vulnerable position". After returning to the lineup, he registered his first two-goal NHL game, including the overtime-winner, in a 4–3 win against the Phoenix Coyotes. Finishing the regular season with 6 goals and 23 points over 64 games, he helped the Canucks to the best record in the NHL, earning them the franchise's first ever Presidents' Trophy. He ranked third on the team in plus-minus (+29) and average ice time per game (22 minutes and 40 seconds). Entering the 2011 playoffs with the first seed in the West, the Canucks eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks, Nashville Predators and San Jose Sharks en route to the Stanley Cup Finals. During Game 1 of the series against the Boston Bruins, Hamhuis suffered a sports hernia, as well as groin and lower abdomen injuries, resulting from a hip check he delivered to opposing forward Milan Lucic; he was sidelined for the remainder of the Finals. Prior to his injury, Hamhuis played a significant role in the team's playoff run, forming a shutdown defensive pairing with Kevin Bieksa. The two led Vancouver in average ice time per game throughout the playoffs. It was revealed following the Canucks' Game 7 defeat to the Bruins that Hamhuis required off-season surgery.
Playing in his second season with Vancouver, Hamhuis recorded 4 goals and a career-high 33 assists for 37 points, one short of his personal best. He also led the Canucks in plus-minus with a +29 rating. His efforts helped Vancouver to a second consecutive Presidents' Trophy. Individually, he ranked 10th in Norris Trophy balloting with two second-place votes. In the 2012 playoffs, Hamhuis recorded three assists over five games as the Canucks were upset by the Los Angeles Kings in the first round.
International play.
Hamhuis played for the Canadian national junior team at the 2001 and 2002 World Junior Championships. He won a bronze medal with Canada in his first year at the tournament in Moscow, Russia, contributing an assist in seven games. The following year in Pardubice, Czech Republic, he recorded three points in six games, tying with for Carlo Colaiacovo for the team lead in scoring among defencemen. He was sidelined during the tournament with an injured shoulder, sustained after being hit from behind into the boards in a game against Russia. He returned to help Canada to a silver medal, losing in the gold medal game to Russia 5–4.
Four years later, Hamhuis was named to the Canadian men's team for the 2006 World Championships in Riga, Latvia – his first of four consecutive tournament appearances. Making his senior international debut, he led all Canadian defencemen with five points in nine games. Canada was shut out in the bronze medal game by Finland 5–0.
The following year, he was a late addition to Canada's roster on April 22, 2007, following the Predators' first-round playoff elimination. He was named to the team along with Predators teammate Shea Weber. Hamhuis went on to win his first international gold medal in a 4–2 final win against Finland in Moscow. He notched three points in nine games. 
In 2008, Hamhuis and Canada made their second consecutive appearance in the gold medal game, but failed to defend their title in a 5–4 overtime loss to Russia. He ranked second behind Brent Burns on the team in average ice time with 17:47 minutes per game.
Canada faced Russia once again the following year in 2009, losing 2–1. Hamhuis scored four points in nine games while ranking second in average ice time among Canadian players, behind Nashville teammate Shea Weber.
Later that summer, Hamhuis was invited to Team Canada's 46-player orientation camp, held in Calgary for the 2010 Winter Olympics. He participated in the three-day camp in August 2009, but was not selected to the Olympic squad.
Following the Canucks' first-round elimination in the 2012 playoffs, Hamhuis was invited by Team Canada to that year's World Championships. With his third child on the way, however, he declined.
On January 7th, 2014, Dan Hamhuis was named to the Canadian Olympic team (2014) - Sochi Olympic Winter Games. Team Canada won the gold medal beating Sweden 3-0.
Personal life.
Hamhuis was born and raised in Smithers, British Columbia, to parents Marty and Ida. He has two sisters, Erin and Cindy. His father and sisters also play hockey. Marty played senior hockey, while Erin and Cindy played in a local women's league. Hamhuis grew up in a Christian home with his family and has continued to profess this faith. Since joining the Canucks in 2010, he has organized chapel services for his teammates to optionally attend.
Beginning to play organized hockey at the age of four, Hamhuis was competing against other players as old as eight years, as his hometown was not big enough to fill teams for younger age groups. He went to provincials four seasons in a row and won the title with his club, the Smithers Storm, in overtime during his last year of minor hockey. Future Predators teammate Cody Franson was a stick boy for Hamhuis' team, while another Nashville blueliner, Shea Weber, did the same for a competing team at provincial tournaments. Hamhuis grew up cheering for the Edmonton Oilers and Vancouver Canucks.
Hamhuis left home at the age of 15 to start playing junior in Prince George, British Columbia. During his time there, he met his wife, Sarah. They have three daughters, Anna, Morgan and Brooke.

</doc>
<doc id="2917719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917719" title="Gordon Nixon">
Gordon Nixon

Gordon M. "Gord" Nixon, CM, O.Ont (born January 25, 1957) is a Canadian business executive and investment banker. He is the President, CEO and Director of Royal Bank of Canada, and has been since 2001.
Early life.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, he was educated at Lower Canada College. Nixon received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from Queen's University in 1979, where he played varsity rugby. Nixon is a grandson of a former director of Royal Bank of Canada.
Upon graduation, he became an investment banker with Dominion Securities, which included a stint running their Tokyo office in 1986, at the height of Japan's economic boom. Dominion Securities was acquired by Royal Bank of Canada in 1987 and Nixon returned to Canada in 1989 as a Managing Director of Investment Banking. In 1995, he was appointed head of Global Investment Banking.
Royal Bank of Canada.
In 2000, at the age of 43, he became chief executive officer of RBC Dominion Securities, since then renamed as RBC Capital Markets, succeeding long-time head Anthony Fell.
He was appointed president and chief executive officer of RBC on April 1, 2001, after John Cleghorn retired, making him one of the youngest bank CEOs of Canada in the 20th century. The title of chairman of the board was handed to a non-executive director.
Initially, with RBC's stock price stagnating, Nixon received some criticism for being unwilling to change the status quo and because of the lackluster performance of RBC Centura's (RBC's retail operations in the United States). Chief financial officer Peter Currie and banking chief Jim Rager wanted RBC to make a major acquisition in the United States, as Centura's capital markets and banking assets were too small, too scattered and struggling to earn money. However in late 2004, he initiated a major reorganization and management shakeup known as "Client First". Subsequently RBC delivered one of the best shareholder returns among the Big Five banks from 2005–2010, emerging largely unscathed through the late 2000s financial crisis and economic recession.
For his efforts, Nixon was named CEO of the year by the Financial Post Business Magazine in 2007. Upon receiving that accolade at the age of only 50, Nixon was already one of the longest tenured CEOs in the industry, considering that his Big Five peers were only named CEO when they were in their 50s.
In 2007, he was awarded the Order of Ontario. In 2010, he was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada.
In a December 2013 statement, Royal Bank of Canada said Gordon Nixon will step down as CEO on Aug. 1 next year. David McKay, head of personal and commercial banking, will take his place.
Personal life.
He is married to Janet Nixon and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="2917721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917721" title="Apple Modem">
Apple Modem

The Apple USB Modem is a combined 56 kbit/s data modem and 14.4 kbit/s fax external USB modem introduced by Apple Inc. after the internal 56k modem was dropped on the October 12, 2005 iMac G5 revision. While it looks identical, it's not to be confused with Apple's optional USB Ethernet Adapter accessory, available for its MacBook Air and MacBook Pro Retina range of laptops since 2008.
History.
Apple introduced its first true modems in 1984, the "Apple Modem 300" & "1200" modems (V21/V22). Prior to that they offered a third party Apple-badged comparatively low-tech acoustic coupler. Those were followed by the industry standard 2400/data and combined 9600/fax (V29) "AppleFax Modem" in 1987. Apple introduced the internal 2400 data/fax modem card for its Macintosh Portable in 1989 as well as released its last external desktop "Apple Data Modem 2400". Only standard internal modems were offered during the 1990s through 2005, with the notable exception of Apple's foray into GeoPort passive telephony modems which relied heavily upon the computer's software and processing power rather than dedicated hardware (like Apple's proprietary internal "Express Modem"). The "Apple USB Modem" is Apple's first true external modem since the "Apple Data Modem 2400" was discontinued in 1992.
As of September 2009 it is no longer available in the US Apple Store, but it still works (at least for fax) as of Mac OS X version 10.6.2. No officially supported 64-bit driver exists, and as Mac OS X Lion operates by default in 64-bit mode, the USB modem will not function in Lion without workarounds.
Features.
The Apple USB Modem supports V.92, Caller ID, wake-on-ring, telephone answering (V.253), and modem on hold. The modem is manufactured by Motorola. A device driver for the modem was introduced with Mac OS X version 10.4.3.
It retailed for US$49 at the time of its introduction.
Apart from using the Apple USB Modem for Internet dial-up and faxing, it is also being suggested as a low cost line interface (aka FXO interface) for telephony applications, such as for telephone systems (software PBX) and answering machine software.
The decision to drop the built-in dial-up modem is reminiscent of Apple's decision to drop built-in floppy drives. With the rise of broadband Internet and the general availability of wireless networking, it is likely that Apple felt that it was of more use for people to have default wireless instead of default dial-up.
The highly miniaturized product, about the size of a cigarette lighter and with a 4.6-inch long USB cable, won a RED DOT design award for good design.

</doc>
<doc id="2917722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917722" title="Raoul Auernheimer">
Raoul Auernheimer

Raoul Auernheimer (April 15, 1876 in Vienna - January 6, 1948 in Oakland, California) was an Austrian jurist and writer.
Auernheimer was the son of German businessman Johann Wilhelm Auernheimer and his Hungarian wife Charlotte "Jenny" Büchler. After receiving his Abitur, Auernheimer began to study law at the university in his hometown. He concluded his studied with a doctorate in 1900 and became a court assesor in a Viennese court.
At age 30, he married Irene Leopoldine Guttmann of Budapest. Through his uncle Theodor Herzl he gained employment at the "Neuen Freien Presse". He wrote articles about the theater until 1933. In addition to his own name, he also used the pseudonyms "Raoul Heimern" and "Raoul Othmar".
In 1923 he became the a manager of the Austrian PEN association. He was president until 1927 and remained vice-president. In March 1938, he was arrested and interned in the Dachau concentration camp. Because of a request by writer Emil Ludwig, the general council of the United States Raymund Geist intervened against his arrest. At the end of 1938 he was released and emigrated to New York City. 

</doc>
<doc id="2917726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917726" title="Platy, Imathia">
Platy, Imathia

Platy () is a town and a municipality in eastern Imathia, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Alexandreia, of which it is a municipal unit. 
History.
Platy was founded in 1924 by Greek refugees from Turkey after the Asia Minor Catastrophe. They came from the villages of the Farassa area in Cappadocia (today the city in Turkey is called Peras or Feke). After many stops on their journey, their final destination was Platy. Before Platy was founded, there was a small village strategically near a railway station. It was 35 km from Veria, 40 from Thessaloniki and 512 from Athens. When Platy was founded it remained a small village with 2,300 inhabitants (as a separate community) but with a very important role in the area of Imathia. In the industrial area of Platy until the mid-1990s there were over 1,500 workers from Platy, Veria and Thessaloniki. However, after the economic crisis of 1999-2002, many of the factories based in the industrial zone of Platy were closed. Today there are only three factories, one of them being of national importance (the sugar state-owned factory "EBZ" or the Hellenic Industry of Sugar). Some other small factories are based in the same industrial zone. In 1994, Platy absorbed three smaller communities and in 1998 another nine. Today, Platy is the centre of the municipal unit of Platy (about 11,000 inhabitants). The town has a population of about 2,300. There is a frequent train service to Athens and Thessaloniki and the visitor can also reach Platy by bus or car (following A1, A2 - Egnatia Odos and the E90 routes). There have been recent discussions about upgrading the old military airport 2 km NW of Platy for civil use.
Subdivisions.
The municipal unit Platy is subdivided into the following communities (constituent villages in brackets):

</doc>
<doc id="2917733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917733" title="Dammartin-en-Goële">
Dammartin-en-Goële

Dammartin-en-Goële is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located northeast of Paris.
Geography.
It is well situated on a hill forming part of the plateau of la Goële, and is known as "Dammartin-en-Goële" to distinguish it from Dammartin-sur-Tigeaux, a small commune in the same department.
History.
Dammartin is historically important as the seat of a county of which the holders played a considerable part in French history. The earliest recorded count of Dammartin was a certain Hugh, who made himself master of the town in the 10th century; but his dynasty was replaced by another family in the 11th century. Reynald I, count of Dammartin (d. 1227), who was one of the coalition crushed by King Philip Augustus at the battle of Bouvines (1214), left two co-heiresses, of whom the elder, Maud (Matilda or Mahaut), married Philip Hurepel, son of Philip Augustus, and the second, Alix, married Jean de Trie, in whose line the county was reunited after the death of Philip Hurepel's son Alberic. The county passed, through heiresses, to the houses of Fayel and Nanteuil, and in the 15th century was acquired by Antoine de Chabannes (d. 1488), one of the favorites of King Charles VII, by his marriage with Marguerite, heiress of Reynald V of Nanteuil-Aci and Marie of Dammartin. This Antoine de Chabannes, count of Dammartin in right of his wife, fought under the standard of Joan of Arc, became a leader of the Ecorcheurs, took part in the war of the public weal against Louis XI, and then fought for him against the Burgundians. The collegiate church at Dammartin was founded by him in 1480, and his tomb and effigy are in the chancel.
His son, Jean de Chabannes, left three heiresses, of whom the second left a daughter who brought the county to Philippe de Boulainvilliers, by whose heirs it was sold in 1554 to the dukes of Montmorency. In 1632 the county was confiscated by Louis XIII and bestowed on the princes of Conde.
Demographics.
Inhabitants of Dammartin-en-Goële are called "Dammartinois".

</doc>
<doc id="2917736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917736" title="Scotch and Soda">
Scotch and Soda

Scotch and Soda is a magic effect involving a copper coin and a silver coin which appear to transpose in the spectator's hands. The effect relies on simple gimmick and the tricks performed with it are self-working and require almost no skill. The trick is named after the cocktail "Scotch and soda"; the copper coin represents the "Scotch" and the silver coin represents the "soda".
The effect is usually performed as follows: The magician displays two coins of almost equal size, one copper and one silver. The silver coin is most often a U.S. half dollar and the copper coin is usually either an English penny or a Mexican centavo. The magician stacks the coins and places them into the spectator's hand. He then asks her to place her hands behind her back and put one coin in each hand, remarking that the silver coin is slightly larger than the copper coin, making them easy to tell apart. The magician asks to see the silver coin which the spectator produces. When the spectator opens her other hand, the copper coin has become a quarter. The copper coin can then be made to appear wherever the magician desires, such as in the spectator's pocket or under an object across the room.
Scotch and Soda is a popular trick that can be purchased at many magic stores. A number of books exclusively on the subject describe different effects that can be achieved with the Scotch and Soda gimmick. Gin and tonic is a version of the trick using a dime and a penny.
The modern version that uses a 20 Centavo and a Kennedy half is often attributed to Richard Himber. In the early 1900s, America's oldest magic company, Martinka made a version that utilized a Barbour Half and a large cent.

</doc>
<doc id="2917737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917737" title="Apple Wireless Mouse">
Apple Wireless Mouse

The Apple Wireless Mouse is a one button mouse built for Macintosh computers. It was released in September 2003, although it is not widely recognized that it was Apple's primary wireless mouse until 2005. It interacts over Bluetooth 1.1 wireless technology. It included 2 AA lithium non-rechargeable batteries, and had a power switch on the bottom that also protected the optical sensor while the mouse was not in use. While the Industrial design of the Apple Wireless Mouse was handled entirely by Apple's in-house designers, some of the hardware was engineered by Sparkfactor Design.
The Apple Mighty Mouse, a multi-button mouse with a scroll ball, was eventually released in a wireless version.
Apple eventually discontinued the Wireless Apple Mouse, replacing it with the Wireless Mighty Mouse.
Model Number: A1015
Order Number: M9269Z/A
Criticism.
Like its wired counterpart and many of its predecessor, the Apple Wireless Mouse was heavily criticised for its single-button layout. Apple remedied this with the four-button Mighty Mouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2917744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917744" title="Apple Wireless Keyboard">
Apple Wireless Keyboard

The Apple Wireless Keyboard is a wireless keyboard built for Macintosh computers and compatible with iOS devices. It interacts over Bluetooth wireless technology and unlike its wired version, it has no USB connectors or ports. Both generations have low-power features when not in use.
History.
4 Battery version.
On September 16, 2003, the first Apple Wireless Keyboard was introduced at the Apple Expo. The device required four AA batteries, and had an On/Off switch on the bottom. It lacked wires and USB ports, but otherwise was cosmetically the same as the wired version.
3 Battery version.
On August 7, 2007, Apple released a redesigned model of the Apple Wireless Keyboard. Like the wired Apple Keyboard, the new model is thinner than its predecessors and has an aluminum enclosure. Another addition is the new functions added to the function keys, such as media controls and Dashboard control. Unlike the previous version, the Wireless Keyboard now has a layout similar to the MacBook. The power button has been relocated to the right side of the keyboard, and the layout does not include a numeric keypad. This model added accidental caps lock prevention: the key has to be held down for a moment for caps lock to engage. This keyboard required only three AA batteries, one fewer than its predecessor. 
2 Battery version.
In October 2009, a slightly revised third model was released. New model number A1314 replaced the A1255, two years and two months after the initial release. The new model now uses only two AA batteries instead of three originally. Additionally, Mac OS X 10.5.8 is now the minimum OS over the original Mac OS X 10.4.10. This model of keyboard become standard with new generation of iMacs introduced on the same day.
In 2011, Apple updated the keyboard slightly, updating the label on the Exposé key and changing the Dashboard key to a Launchpad key.
Although Apple includes support solely for Macintosh computers, it can also be used on a Microsoft Windows PC providing that a Bluetooth receiver and appropriate Bluetooth stack is installed and properly configured.
The Linux kernel supports Apple Wireless Keyboards via the hid-apple module, which is present in 2.6.x+ kernels.
Languages and layouts.
A keyboard layout with an elongated Enter key is available for US English and Japanese.
Keyboard layouts with L-shaped Enter keys are available in:
Boot Camp: Apple Wireless Keyboard keyboard mapping in Windows.
Due to the missing keys for Windows PCs (such as the PrintScreen Key), Apple has made mappings.
Examples:
Note. These keyboard mappings will work on a Mac operating under Windows 7 when running Boot Camp, but may not work if you select the Boot Camp option of "Use all F1, F2, etc. keys as standard function keys"

</doc>
<doc id="2917748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917748" title="Christopher Ellison">
Christopher Ellison

Christopher Michael Ellison (born 16 December 1946, London) is an English actor. He is best known for his role as DCI Frank Burnside in the popular ITV police series "The Bill" and short lived spin off series "Burnside".
Education.
At school his art teacher encouraged him having seen his talent. Art remained his strong subject through school years and it was a natural progression that Chris then moved on to art college, firstly at Wimbledon and then Camberwell.
Career.
He worked in the merchant navy, trained as a graphic designer and worked as a minicab driver. First drama job was Assistant Stage Manager at the Richmond Theatre. First acting role was in the play "Woman in a Dressing Gown" at said theatre. First break was a guest appearance in "The Sweeney" (1975).
He appeared in many guest roles in TV shows throughout the 1970s including episodes of "The Sweeney" and "The Professionals", and in the films "Rosie Dixon - Night Nurse" (1978) and "Buster" (1988), based on the Great Train Robbery of 1963.
In 1984, he appeared in Paul McCartney's feature film "Give My Regards To Broad Street" playing Rath's Minder. In 1986, he played criminal gang leader Charlie Elkin in "Running Scared", based on Bernard Ashley's novel.
Having first appeared as Burnside in 1984, he became a permanent member of "The Bill" cast between 1988-2000.
He appeared in one episode of the sci-fi police series, "Crime Traveller", in 1997.
Although best known for playing tough-guys, he also played George, a transvestite, in the radio series "The Change" from 2001-2004
2003–2010.
In 2003, Ellison played the lead role in "Fort Boyard", which aired on Challenge. In 2005, he guest starred in the "Doctor Who" audio adventure "The Game". In 2007, from 20–24 August, Christopher played the role of Len Harker in the BBC One soap opera, "EastEnders".
He has appeared in "Casualty", "Judge John Deed", and "Minder", among other appearances on Soccer AM, and presenting roles in "The World's Most Stupid Criminals" and "Mousetrapped".
In February 2009, Chris won "Celebrity Come Dine with Me" on Channel 4. In 2009, he appeared in the film "A Silent Whistle" and in 2010 "Bounded by Blood" and "Basement".
2011–present.
In August 2011, he appeared in a "New Tricks" episode titled 'Half Life' as a prisoner. He is currently the face and voice of Sussex-based MOT company - Just MOT's.

</doc>
<doc id="2917750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917750" title="Arwen (disambiguation)">
Arwen (disambiguation)

Arwen can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917753" title="Japanese battleship Satsuma">
Japanese battleship Satsuma

Background.
The "Satsuma" class was ordered in late 1904 under the 1904 War Naval Supplementary Program during the Russo-Japanese War. Unlike the previous pre-dreadnought battleships, they were the first battleships ordered from Japanese shipyards, although "Satsuma" used a lot of imported components. They were originally designed with a dozen guns, but had to be redesigned because of a shortage of guns in Japan and to reduce costs.
Design and description.
The ship had an overall length of , a beam of , and a normal draft of . She displaced at normal load. The crew ranged from 800 to 940 officers and enlisted men.
"Satsuma" was powered by a pair of vertical triple-expansion steam engines, each driving one propeller, using steam generated by 20 Miyabara water-tube boilers using a mixture of coal and fuel oil. The engines were rated at a total of and designed to reach a top speed of . During the ship's sea trials she reached from . "Satsuma" carried enough coal and oil to give her a range of at a speed of .
The ship was completed with four 45-caliber 12-inch 41st Year Type guns in two gun turrets, one each fore and aft of the superstructure. They fired armor-piercing (AP) shells to a maximum range of . The intermediate armament consisted of six twin-gun turrets equipped with 45-caliber Type 41 10-inch guns, three turrets on each side of the superstructure. Her heavy intermediate armament is why the ship is considered to be a semi-dreadnought.
"Satsuma" was equipped with a dozen 40-caliber 4.7-inch 41st Year Type quick-firing (QF) guns, mounted in casemates in the sides of the hull. The ship was also equipped with four 40-caliber 12-pounder 12-cwt QF guns and four 28-caliber 12-pounder QF guns. In addition, she was fitted with five submerged torpedo tubes, two on each broadside and one in the stern.
The waterline main belt of the "Satsuma"-class vessels consisted of Krupp cemented armor that had a maximum thickness of amidships. It tapered to a thickness of inches at the ends of the ship. A strake of armor protected the casemates. The barbettes for the main guns were thick. The armor of "Satsuma"s main gun turrets had a maximum thickness of nine inches. The deck armor was thick and the conning tower was protected by six inches of armor.
Construction and career.
"Satsuma", named for Satsuma Province, was laid down at Yokosuka Naval Arsenal on 15 May 1905. She was launched on 15 November 1906 with Emperor Meiji, the Navy Minister, and other high officials on hand for the ceremony, and completed on 25 March 1910. At the time of her launching, "Satsuma" had the largest displacement of any battleship in the world.
On 5 August 1911, the ship suffered an explosion in one of her 12-inch guns when it failed to fire during gunnery practice. After some time passed, the breech was opened and ignited the propellant; the resulting fire killed 16 crewmen and several officers. 
She was lightly damaged by a typhoon on 22 September 1912. "Satsuma" was assigned to the 1st Battleship Squadron when World War I began in August 1914. She served as Rear Admiral Tatsuo Matsumura's flagship in the Second South Seas Squadron as it seized the German possessions of the Caroline and the Palau Islands in October 1914.
"Satsuma" rejoined the 1st Battleship Squadron in 1915, was refitted at Sasebo Naval Arsenal in 1916 and served with the 1st Squadron for the rest of the war. Sometime during the war, she was fitted with two 12-pounders on high-angle mounts to serve as anti-aircraft guns.
The ship was disarmed at Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in 1922 to comply with the provisions of the Washington Naval Treaty, stricken from the Navy List on 20 September 1923 and converted into a target ship. "Satsuma" was sunk by the battleships and in Tokyo Bay on 7 September 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="2917755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917755" title="Eschenberg Observatory">
Eschenberg Observatory

Eschenberg Observatory (German: "Sternwarte Eschenberg") is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Astronomical Society of Winterthur. It is located in northeastern Switzerland in Winterthur and was founded in 1979. 

</doc>
<doc id="2917758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917758" title="Alfred Bader">
Alfred Bader

Alfred Bader CBE (born 28 April 1924 in Vienna, Austria) is a Canadian chemist, businessman and collector of fine art.
Early years.
Bader's father's family was of Czech Jewish descent; his mother was a Catholic Hungarian aristocrat. He fled from Austria (via the Kindertransport) to England in 1938 (at age 14) to escape Nazi persecution. After a brief time in a Canadian internment camp for European refugees (which Bader described as spartan but a good influence on his academic and social education), he studied engineering chemistry at Queen's University, in Kingston, Ontario, then continued his education at Harvard University.
Business.
Bader was employed as a research chemist by Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co. in 1950, remaining with PPG until 1954. While pursuing this career, he sensed the need for a small reliable company dedicated to providing quality research chemicals (at that time Kodak was their only supplier, and that large company seemed to show insufficient consideration for small and independent researchers), and as a result he co-founded the Aldrich Chemical Company in 1951, with the title of Chief Chemist (the company operated out of a garage). By 1954 he was able to buy out his partner to become sole proprieter and company president, at which time he took his leave from PPG. Alfred Bader founded Alfa Inorganics in 1962 in a 50:50 venture between Aldrich Chemicals and Metal Hydrides Inc. In 1975 the Aldrich Chemical Company merged with the Sigma Chemical Corporation to become the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, the 80th largest chemical company in the United States. Bader was president (later chairman) of the combined company.
In an unexpected corporation upheaval Bader was ousted from the company in 1991. He decided it gave him more time to pursue his artistic desires and his philanthropy. A few years later, however, Bader was invited to return as "chemist collector" of paintings for covers of the company journal, "Aldrichimica Acta" (which Bader had founded).
Art connoisseur and philanthropist.
Bader stated, "I am an inveterate collector. It may be a sickness, and it began with stamps at eight, drawings at 10, paintings at 20, and rare chemicals at 30." He collected stamps as a youth when his finances permitted. He purchased his first oil painting in the Canadian internment camp: his portrait, painted by a fellow inmate, for a fee of one Canadian dollar.
While involved with Aldrich Chemical, Bader contributed numerous articles on art subjects to the company's journal, and printed full-color copies of works from Dutch masters.
A lifelong collector, Bader has devoted himself to the study of art history and collection of many fine paintings.
Bader has given various charitable donations to Queen's, both financial and in-kind. He is the donor of the 15th century Herstmonceux Castle, as well as Old Masters artworks such as two Rembrandt paintings. In honour of his numerous contributions, in 2004 Queen's renamed a campus road from "Queen's Crescent" to "Bader Lane". Other Queen's namesakes include "Bader Hall", the residence at the International Study Centre at Herstmonceux Castle, the Alfred Bader Fellowship, and the Bader Chairs in Southern Baroque Art, and in Northern Baroque Art. For Victoria University (Toronto) he funded construction of a performing arts theatre, named in honour of his wife. He is presently establishing a similar performing arts theatre site at Queen's University, which will also be named in honour of his wife.
In 1995 Bader published his autobiography, "Adventures of a Chemist Collector", which details his experiences from Nazi-era refugee, to chemist magnate, to fine arts connoisseur. In 2008 he published his second autobiography, "Chemistry & Art - Further Adventures of a Chemist Collector".
Personal.
His marriages are described in his autobiographical books. His romance in England with Isabel involved a shipboard meeting and courtship and some 400 love letters, but it was broken off prematurely. Alfred went on to meet and marry his first wife, Danny, in the U.S., and raise a family with her. After several decades they divorced; Danny died not many years later. Eventually Alfred reestablished his romance with Isabel and the two got happily married. Alfred and Danny's two sons, David and Daniel, now serve as half-owners of the Alfred Bader Fine Arts (descendants of Bader's onetime partner in that gallery, Marvin Klitsner, now own the other half).

</doc>
<doc id="2917759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917759" title="Freida J. Riley">
Freida J. Riley

Freida Joy Riley (1937 – August 5, 1969) was an American science and math teacher. She taught at Big Creek High School in War, West Virginia during the late 1950s and early 1960s while suffering from Hodgkin's disease.
Life.
Riley was born in Squire, West Virginia, to J.F. and Sallie Beavers Riley. She graduated from Big Creek High School, Concord College, and completed graduate work at Ohio State University and West Virginia University. Riley was an alumna of Alpha Sigma Alpha, Beta Pi Chapter at Concord College. As a teacher, she was widely known for her inspiring work with students, including Homer Hickam, Jr. and the Rocket Boys, which was told in Hickam's #1 "New York Times" best-seller entitled "Rocket Boys". Riley was depicted by actress Laura Dern in the feature film "October Sky", which was based on "Rocket Boys". She also appeared in Hickam's two follow-up memoirs entitled "The Coalwood Way" (2000) and "Sky of Stone" (2002).
The "Freida J. Riley Award" was established in her honor and is awarded annually to an American educator who overcomes adversity or makes an enormous sacrifice to positively impact students. The award is sponsored by the Christopher Columbus Fellowship Foundation and administered by the Partnership for America's Future. Concord College has also established an annual scholarship in Riley's name.
Freida Riley died of Hodgkin's disease on Tuesday, August 5, 1969, in the West Virginia University Medical Center in Morgantown. She was 31 years old, just about to turn 32. She is interred at Grandview Memory Gardens in Bluefield, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2917762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917762" title="Darab">
Darab

Darab (, also Romanized as Dārāb) is a city in and the capital of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54,513, in 13,279 families.
Around Darab are a lot of villages such as Tizab, Nasravan, Barab.
Historical background.
Darab city one of the oldest cities in Iran, and is even mentioned in the famous Persian epic Shahname by Ferdowsi.
Agricultural products.
Major city products are wheat, citrus, cotton, maize and palm.

</doc>
<doc id="2917767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917767" title="Alexander Ivanovich Shilov">
Alexander Ivanovich Shilov

Alexander Ivanovich Shilov ( ?-January 6 O.S. 1799) was one of the founders of the Skoptzy sect.
He was born to a family of peasants of Penza gubernia. He was married and even had children, but neither family life nor the official religion satisfied him. He found the founder of the Skoptzy sect Kondraty Selivanov and became an active proponent and preacher of the new sect.
For castrating 9 peasants Shilov was exiled to Riga but continued preaching of his heresy. In 1789 for castrating 12 soldiers in Riga, Shilov was beaten by batons and imprisoned to the Dunamond fortress, in 1797 he was transferred to the Shlisselburg Fortress but still advocated castrating to the prison guards as well as stated that Peter III of Russia is alive and is the true tsar of Russia. At the night from January 5 to January 6 O.S. 1799 (by other sources from January 5 to January 6 O.S. 1800 he was executed. The chapel on his grave soon became a popular place for castrating by Skoptzy, so in 1829 it had to be destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="2917770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917770" title="Dimity">
Dimity

Dimity is a lightweight, sheer cotton fabric having at least two warp threads thrown into relief to form fine cords. It is a cloth commonly employed for bed upholstery and curtains, and usually white, though sometimes a pattern is printed on it in colors. It is stout in texture, and woven in raised patterns. Originally dimity was made of silk or wool, but since the 18th century it has been woven almost exclusively of cotton.
A palampore is a dimity made in India and used for bed coverings
Name.
Dimity is also a girls' name, which, while still uncommon, is most popular in Australia.
Article of clothing.
A dimity was a bit of draping worn by performers of the Poses Plastiques, which was an early form of strip tease. Performers wore flesh colored silk body stockings and a dimity to give the illusion of modesty.

</doc>
<doc id="2917771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917771" title="Miles Copeland, Jr.">
Miles Copeland, Jr.

Miles Axe Copeland, Jr. (July 16, 1916 – January 14, 1991) was an American musician, businessman, and CIA officer who was closely involved in major foreign-policy operations from the 1950s to the 1980s.
Background and family life.
Copeland was born in Birmingham, Alabama, the son of a doctor. He did not graduate from college. He became a trumpet player with bandleaders such as Ray Noble and Glenn Miller, and was an arranger and trumpet player for the Glenn Miller Orchestra.
Copeland was married to archaeologist Lorraine Copeland (née Adie) and was the father of record producer Miles Copeland III, booking agent Ian Copeland, writer/film producer Lorraine (Lennie) Copeland and composer Stewart Copeland, best known as the drummer for The Police.
Career.
CIA founding.
At the outbreak of World War II, Copeland joined the National Guard, and contacted Rep. John Sparkman of Alabama, who arranged a meeting with William "Wild Bill" Donovan. The two hit it off immediately, but Copeland nonetheless was not recruited to Donovan's Office of Strategic Services (OSS), and instead joined the Corps of Intelligence Police, which became the Counterintelligence Corps in January 1942. Copeland was stationed in London and reportedly gained the top-secret "Bigot" clearance and took part in discussions about Operation Overlord.
After the conversion of the OSS into the Strategic Services Unit on 1 October 1945, Copeland joined what would become part of the Central Intelligence Agency. Serving in London, he became a lifelong Anglophile and married Lorraine Adie, a Scot he had met during the war when she was serving in the Special Operations Executive.
CIA career.
Among Copeland's first postings was Damascus, Syria (September 1947) beginning a long career in the Middle East. Together with Stephen Meade he played a role in supporting the March 1949 Syrian coup d'état. Working closely with Archibald Roosevelt (son of Theodore), and his nephew Kermit Roosevelt, Jr., he was instrumental in arranging Operation Ajax, the 1953 technical coup d'état against the Prime Minister of Iran, Mohammed Mossadegh.
In 1953, Copeland returned to private life at the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, while remaining a non-official cover operative for the CIA. He traveled to Cairo to meet Gamal Abdel Nasser, who had overthrown King Farouk and taken power in Egypt, advising Nasser on the development of the Mukhabarat and becoming Nasser's closest Western advisor. In this role he offered U.S. economic development and technical military assistance. At the time, the U.S. considered regional instability adverse to U.S. interests. The “new postwar era witnessed an intensive involvement of the United States in the political and economic affairs of the Middle East, in contrast to the hands-off attitude characteristic of the prewar period... The United States had to face and define its policy in all three sectors that provided the root causes of American interests in the region: the Soviet threat, the birth of Israel, and petroleum.”
In 1955 Copeland returned to the CIA. During the Suez Crisis, in which the United States blocked the collusion of France, the United Kingdom and Israel to invade, the US backed Egypt's independence and control of the Suez Canal. The move is said to have been advocated by Copeland with the goal of ending British control of the region's oil resources, and forestalling the influence of the Soviet Union on regional governments by placing the US behind their legitimate national interests. After the crisis Nasser, nevertheless, moved closer to the USSR and accepted massive military technology and engineering assistance on the Aswan Dam. Copeland, allied with John and Allen Dulles, worked to reverse this trend at the time., which included "Copeland's involvement in schemes to assassinate Nassar..."
In 1958, Syria merged with Egypt in the United Arab Republic and King Faisal II was deposed by Iraqi nationalists. Copeland oversaw contacts with the Iraqi regime and with internal opponents, including Saddam Hussein and the Baath Party.
Copeland opposed major paramilitary CIA operations such as the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba in 1961, on the grounds that they were impossible to keep secret due to size.
From 1957 to 1968 Copeland was stationed with his family in Beirut, where his children grew up attending the American Community School.
Retirement.
After retirement from the CIA, Copeland wrote foreign policy books and an autobiography, and articles for publications including the "National Review". He was active in 1970s political efforts to defend the CIA against critics including the Church Committee. In 1988, Copeland wrote an article titled "Spooks for Bush" which asserted that the intelligence community overwhelmingly supported George H. W. Bush for US President; Bush had run the CIA during the 1970s under Gerald Ford. In the introduction to his book 'Enemy Within', Guardian journalist Seumas Milne wrote that in the Spring of 1990, Copeland warned British miners union leaders Arthur Scargill and Peter Heathfield that the CIA and MI5 had been involved in kickstarting a media campaign against them and helped to frame corrupt allegations against them.
Copeland also wrote later of his suspicions that a drug from the CIA's MK-ULTRA program similar to LSD may have been slipped to Democratic presidential candidate Edmund Muskie, causing his well-publicized emotional response to verbal attacks on his wife, through either E. Howard Hunt or G. Gordon Liddy. Copeland would continue to make bold assertions about CIA operations, both in interviews and his own books.
Also in retirement he created the board game "Game of Nations."

</doc>
<doc id="2917772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917772" title="HCard">
HCard

hCard is a microformat for publishing the contact details (which might be no more than the name) of people, companies, organizations, and places, in (X)HTML, Atom, RSS, or arbitrary XML. The hCard microformat does this using a 1:1 representation of vCard (RFC 2426) properties and values, identified using HTML classes and "rel" attributes.
It allows parsing tools (for example other websites, or Firefox's Operator extension) to extract the details, and display them, using some other websites or mapping tools, index or search them, or to load them into an address-book program.
In May 2009, Google announced that they would be parsing the hCard, hReview and hProduct microformats, and using them to populate search-result pages. In September 2010 Google announced their intention to surface hCard, hReview information in their local search results. In February 2011, Facebook began using hCard to mark up event venues.
Example.
Consider the HTML:
With microformat markup, that becomes:
Here the properties "fn", "org" (organization), "tel" (telephone number) and "url" (web address) have been identified using specific class names; and the whole thing is wrapped in codice_1 which indicate that the other classes form an hcard, and are not just coincidentally named. If the hCard is for an organization or venue, the "fn" and "org" classes are used on the same element, as in codice_2 or codice_3. Other, optional, hCard classes also exist.
It is now possible for software, for example browser plug-ins, to extract the information, and transfer it to other applications, such as an address book.
Geo and adr.
The Geo microformat is a part of the hCard specification, and is often used to include the coordinates of a location within an hCard.
The "adr" part of hCard can also be used as a stand-alone microformat.
Live example.
Here are the Wikimedia Foundation's contact details as of 2010-10-28, as a live hCard:
Wikimedia Foundation Inc.
149 New Montgomery Street, 3rd Floor
USA
Phone: +1-415-839-6885
Email: info@wikimedia.org
Fax: +1-415-882-0495
The mark-up (wrapped for clarity) used is:
Note that, in this example, the "fn" and "org" properties are combined on one element, indicating that this is the hCard for an organization, not a person.
Other attributes.
Other commonly used hCard attributes include

</doc>
<doc id="2917780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917780" title="Salvation Jane (album)">
Salvation Jane (album)

Salvation Jane is the fourth studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris. It was released in August 1995 on the rooArt label, after a four-year gap from her last album. The album was produced Andrew Farriss and Mark Moffatt, together with Electric Hippies' duo Steve Balbi and Justin Stanley. The album featured songs from a songwriting retreat held at Miles Copeland's castle, Chateau de Marouatte, in Bordeaux, France. Here, Morris co-wrote a number of songs with other international songwriters, including Jud Friedman, Rich Wayland, Mark Cawley and Dennis Greaves. 
The album peaked at #70 on the Australian album charts.
"Salvation Jane" is one of several names by which the flowering plant Echium plantagineum is known in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2917792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917792" title="William Curran (Maryland)">
William Curran (Maryland)

William Curran (April 12, 1885October 4, 1951) was a Democratic politician from Baltimore, Maryland. He served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention from Maryland in 1924 and 1944, and as Attorney General of Maryland from 1945–1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2917795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917795" title="Innocent Blood (film)">
Innocent Blood (film)

Innocent Blood is a 1992 American horror-crime film directed by John Landis. The film stars Anne Parillaud as a beautiful French vampire who finds herself pitted against a gang of vicious mobsters led by Robert Loggia who eventually becomes a vampire himself.
The film is set and was filmed in and around the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area. The "Little Italy" of Pittsburgh, a portion of the Bloomfield, Pittsburgh neighborhood, clustered around Liberty Avenue, is recognizable in many of the film's outdoor urban scenes. Actors Tony Sirico and David Proval have supporting parts as gangsters, foreshadowing their roles in "The Sopranos". It also features early appearances by Anthony LaPaglia, Angela Bassett, and Chazz Palminteri.
The film balances plenty of slickly directed thrills and gore with some moments of humor. Loggia's bewilderment at waking in the morgue to find a thermometer protruding from his stomach and the reaction of the wife of crooked lawyer Manny Bergman (Don Rickles) to the bizarre mayhem that ensues are good examples. A gorier unrated version was released on DVD in Germany.
Plot.
Marie (Anne Parillaud) is a very appealing modern-day vampire in Pittsburgh, with a moral code that limits her bloodsucking to the criminal elements of society. However, when she feasts on a vicious gang boss, Salvatore 'The Shark' Macelli (Robert Loggia), and is interrupted before finishing him off (by severing his spinal cord), he too becomes one of the undead and begins to pass his newfound powers on to his henchmen. With the help (and eventual love interest) of undercover cop Joseph Gennaro (Anthony LaPaglia), Marie sets out to put things right.
Reception.
"Innocent Blood" opened on September 25, 1992 and grossed $1,857,658 in its opening weekend, earning the #7 spot at the box office. By the end of its run, the film had grossed merely $4,943,279 domestically.
It has received mixed reviews and currently holds a 38% score on Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2917799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917799" title="Bak Yeong-hee">
Bak Yeong-hee

Bak Yeong Hee (Hangul:박영희, born November 27, 1959 in Busan) is a Korean voice actor.
She joined the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation's voice acting division in 1982, which is fan club headquartered in Goyang, Gyeonggi-do, Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="2917810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917810" title="Risky Woods">
Risky Woods

Risky Woods, known as in Japan, is a computer game developed by Dinamic Software and Zeus Software, and published by Electronic Arts in December 1992. Its release marks the end of the Golden Era of Spanish Software. The game has a side-scroll view, and a fantasy theme. The game has been criticized as being relatively difficult and being somewhat chaotic in terms of how much is happening on-screen.
Story.
The ancient monks, who preserve the wisdom of the Lost Lands, have been frozen in stone. Young Rohan must plunge into the Risky Woods to release them. Only then can wisdom triumph once again.
Gameplay.
Most of "Risky Woods" involves Rohan running, jumping ledges and fighting monsters while freeing the monks from stone. At every third stage lay a boss, usually some gigantic floating insect that throws fireballs. Both the monsters in the levels as well as these insect bosses drop coins, though bosses drop considerably more. These coins can be used after each level to buy weaponry upgrades and extra life energy.
During the game, a number of other elements present themselves, such as evil monks who were also trapped in stone. Freeing them will cost you and even hurt you; they can be distinguished from regular stone monks by how their stone looks. However, some later levels switch which monks are trapped in what color of statue, which can be quite disorienting at first.
The secondary objective of each level is to pass through multiple "Eye-Key" gates. The player has two find two halves of an Eye-Key object, then use the completed Eye-Key to pass through these gates, otherwise the gate will send the player back in the level to find the missing key again, at the cost of half the player's life energy.
Continues may be found during the game, but only two are given in the entirety of the game. Once those continues are used up, that's game over and the player has to restart the game. The final level leads to a castle in which we must defeat Draxos, and upon which we are given a short animation and game over sequence. 
Mega Drive Version.
The Mega Drive/Genesis version of the game is considerably different from all other ports. While maintaining the core gameplay and keeping the stages of the original version of the game, this version of "Risky Woods" changes a few things around:
All and all, the Mega Drive version of the game is much easier than any of the three other ports due to the changes made as well as other minor changes to levels. It is otherwise entirely faithful to the original game.

</doc>
<doc id="2917819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917819" title="Rush River (Wisconsin)">
Rush River (Wisconsin)

The Rush River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in western Wisconsin in the United States. It rises just north of Interstate 94 in St. Croix County near Baldwin and flows generally southwardly through Pierce County. It ends in Lake Pepin of the Mississippi River, about west of the village of Maiden Rock in Pierce County. The largest tributary is Lost Creek.
Three small communities are located on the river: Centerville, Martell, and El Paso. While the land near the source is relatively flat, the river soon falls into a steep valley typical of the Driftless Area, with outcrops of sandstone and limestone.
The Rush River is locally known as an excellent trout stream. It does not hold as many trout as the nearby Kinnickinnic River, but they are larger in size. This is because it is more of a free-stone stream than the upper Kinnickinnic, with slightly warmer water, which produces larger food sources for the trout. The warmer water of some stretches also affects the fish species found in the river. Immediately upstream from the bridge on the south side of Martell, it is predominantly trout. Immediately south of the bridge, it is predominantly suckers. The last few miles of the stream holds an increasing proportion of medium-temperature riverine species, such as smallmouth bass.
The delta of the Rush River is a State Natural Area. The heavily wooded floodplain provides an ideal location for waterfowl.

</doc>
<doc id="2917820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917820" title="Dobšiná">
Dobšiná

Dobšiná (; ; Latin: "Dobsinium") is a town in the Slovenské rudohorie mountains (Slovak Ore Mountains) in Slovakia, on the Slaná River, north-west of Košice.
Geography.
It is situated between Revúcka vrchovina and Volovské vrchy in the Carpathians, and lies to the south of the beautiful Stratená valley, watered by the river Hnilec, and enclosed on all sides by mountains. The well-known ice cave Dobšinská Ice Cave (discovered in 1870) can be found in that valley and belongs to the territory of the village.
History.
The first written reference to the settlement occurred in 1326; the text mentions that ethnic German mining experts had settled here. It received a town charter in 1417, becoming a major town for the minority of Carpathian Germans. The town was a center of mining (gold, silver, nickel, later iron, cobalt, copper, mercury etc.) and iron processing in the past. In the vicinity are mines of various materials, some of them very ancient.
Until the 18th Century, Dobšiná was more or less a German enclave, but after strict Magyarization, the German community dissolved. Oddly enough in 1927 there was a German (Buliner) Festival to celebrate the 600th anniversary and much of it was conducted in German. During WWII, Slovak forces forced the ethnic Germans to leave, and at the war's end when they were returning to their home. Slovak soldiers massacred most of them, thereby effectively destroying the German presence in the town. After the war Slovaks from other parts of Czechoslovakia were resettled in these homes.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 census, the town had 4,896 inhabitants. 88.58% of inhabitants were Slovaks, 9.01% Roma, 0.63% Hungarians and 0.27% Czechs. The religious make-up was 35.23% Roman Catholics, 33.58% people with no religious affiliation, 25.25% Lutherans and 0.47% Greek Catholics.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Dobšiná is twinned with:
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Banska Bystrica, Kosice, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="2917821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917821" title="Section 51(xxxi) of the Constitution of Australia">
Section 51(xxxi) of the Constitution of Australia

Section 51(xxxi) of the Constitution of Australia is a subsection of Section 51 of the Constitution of Australia providing that the Commonwealth has the power to make laws with respect to "the acquisition of property on just terms from any State or person for any purpose in respect of which the Parliament has power to make laws." It is both a power and a constitutional guarantee of just compensation for property rights contingent on its exercise.
Section 51 and sub-section (xxxi) states:
The language of s 51(xxxi) was adapted from the final words of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Unlike the American provision, however, it is primarily a grant of Commonwealth law-making power. It is clear that the requirement of "just terms" does not affect the State Parliaments. In "Grace Bros Pty Ltd v The Commonwealth" (1946) Justice Dixon stated that the inclusion of the condition was to "prevent arbitrary exercises of the power at the expense of a State or a subject."
The interpretation of the terms "acquisition" and "just terms" by the High Court of Australia have had the effect, however, of limiting its protection of property rights. Moreover, it operates at any time the Commonwealth makes a compulsory acquisition of property. As such, it is a contingent guarantee rather than a general constitutional right or freedom to enjoy property rights.
The Commonwealth may only acquire property on just terms for a "purpose in respect of which the Parliament has power to make laws". This means that every law supported by s 51(xxxi) must also be supported by at least one additional legislative power.
The effect of the section was the subject of the Australian film "The Castle".
Property.
The High Court of Australia has taken a wide view of the concept of "property". Several members of the court took the opportunity to consider the meaning of the term property in "Minister of State for the Army v Dalziel" (1944). Justice Starke said the term includes: "every species of valuable right and interest including real and personal property, incorporeal hereditaments such as rents and services, rights-of-way, rights of profit or use in land of another, and choses in action. Justice McTiernan confirmed the term property extends to tangible and intangible property.
An example of the breadth of the concept of property in section 51(xxxi) is provided by "Bank of New South Wales v Commonwealth" (the "Bank Nationalisation Case"). In that case, Federal legislation contemplated the acquisition of private banks through vesting of shares in private banks in the Commonwealth, and later the appointment of directors by the Governor of the Commonwealth Bank. Justice Dixon characterised the provisions as removing effective control over the property of the private banks. He concluded that this was, in the essential sense, an acquisition of a proprietary right.
While statutory licences have sometimes been equated with proprietary interests, the removal of rights enjoyed under a statutory licence does not typically constitute an acquisition of property within section 51(xxxi), as licence conditions are inherently susceptible to change.
Acquisition.
For the purposes of section 51(xxxi), property must have been acquired by somebody, and the acquisition must be for a Commonwealth purpose. This is in contrast to the Fifth Amendment, where the destination does not matter - it is enough that the holder of property has been deprived of it.
Just terms.
Typically, a determination of just terms based on the market value of the property at the time of acquisition will be sufficient to satisfy the requirement of just terms. Unlike the "just compensation" requirement in the American Fifth Amendment, however, "just terms" imports no equivalence of market value. The arrangements offered must be "fair", or such that a legislature could reasonably regard them as "fair". However, this judgment of "fairness" must take account of all the interests affected, not just those of the dispossessed owner.
The requirement of "just terms" does not necessarily require that a compensation package be presented as part of the acquisition scheme. It is sufficient that the scheme provides adequate procedures for determining fair compensation. However, the Court may scrutinise such procedures closely to ensure their adequacy.
There may be some acquisitions of property to which section 51(xxxi) does not apply.
Section 51(xxxi) is an exception to the norm for interpretation of the subsections of section 51, that one grant of power cannot be used to "read down" another. In this case, however, the Court will not allow another grant of power to be read so broadly as to circumvent the specific limitation to the power granted by section 51(xxxi).

</doc>
<doc id="2917823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917823" title="Taquito">
Taquito

A taquito (, lit. Spanish for "small taco"), rolled taco, or flauta (, lit. Spanish for "flute") is a Mexican food dish most often consisting of a small rolled-up tortilla and some type of filling, including beef, cheese or chicken. The filled tortilla is crisp-fried. The dish is often topped with condiments such as sour cream and guacamole. Corn tortillas are generally used to make taquitos; when flour tortillas are used, the dish is more commonly known as flautas. In some areas, such as New Mexico, "taquito" refers not to the rolled-up tortilla dish, but rather a smaller version of the taco.
History.
The taquito as a small taco was referred to in the 1917 "Preliminary Glossary of New Mexico Spanish", with the word noted as a "Mexicanism" used in New Mexico. The modern definition of a taquito as a rolled-tortilla dish was given in 1929 in a book of stories of Mexican people in the United States aimed at a youth audience, where the dish was noted as a particularly popular offering of railroad station vendors. Taquitos were referred to, without definition, in a 1932 issue of the "Los Angeles School Journal".
Two Southern California restaurants are often given credit for their roles in the early development of the taquito. Cielito Lindo was founded by Aurora Guerrero in 1934 and located on Olvera Street in Los Angeles. Guerrero's daughter used her taquito recipe in opening chain restaurants in Los Angeles, and soon competitors were selling similar dishes. In San Diego, what would become El Indio Mexican Restaurant began selling taquitos during World War II, when tortilla factory owner Ralph Pesqueria, Sr., was asked by workers at the Consolidated Aircraft Company factory across the street for a portable lunch item. Pesqueria, who used a recipe developed by his Mexican grandmother, has claimed credit for introducing the word "taquito" for the dish.
Taquitos were among the early Mexican food items developed as a frozen food, with Van de Kamp's introducing a successful frozen taquito offering by 1976. The United States government has determined that taquitos must contain at least 15% meat.
Crispy fried taquitos sold in Mexico are often called "tacos dorados" ("golden tacos") or "flautas". Typical toppings and sides include cabbage, "crema' (Mexican sour cream), guacamole, green chili or red chili salsa and crumbled Mexican cheese such as "queso fresco". "Taquitos" in the Mexican border cities of Tijuana and Mexicali refer to small tacos sold in stands, rather than the rolled taco dish.

</doc>
<doc id="2917827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917827" title="David Kreizman">
David Kreizman

David Kreizman (born 1974) is an American writer known for his work on television soap operas. He is a graduate of the University of Virginia. He was signed as a head writer at World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from March 21, 2013 to August 15, 2013.
Kreizman was a member of the writing team for the long running CBS Daytime soap opera "Guiding Light" since the late 1990s. In 2004, he was promoted to the position of Head Writer by newly appointed Executive Producer Ellen Wheeler. He replaced writer Ellen Weston. Much was made of Kreizman's age, 29, at the time of his appointment as Head Writer.
In July 2009, Kreizman accepted the position of Co-Head Writer at another CBS soap opera, "As the World Turns". After "As the World Turns"'s cancellation was announced, he became Co-Head Writer of "All My Children" in March, 2010. He and co-head writer Donna Swajeski would share those duties until they were both replaced a year later.
"Guiding Light".
Under Kreizman's watch, several new stories were introduced, most notably the introduction of Reva Lewis's illegitimate son Jonathan Randall, who proved to be much darker and volatile than many previous "GL" characters. The story engendered further controversy with Jonathan's actions; before anyone realized his true identity, he seduced his cousin Tammy, which initially caused her much anguish after his identity was revealed. The story wandered into further controversy when Tammy and Jonathan became a couple. Kreizman also created Josh and Cassie as a married couple, despite a huge Josh/Reva fan following.
Ratings.
"GL" reached a record low of 2,009,000 viewers for the week of May 30, 2008. Its previous lows were 2,025,000 viewers (week of July 13, 2007), and 2,080,000 viewers (week of May 1, 2008). Ratings have continued to slide for most soap operas into 2009, including "Guiding Light", which set a new record low viewership of 1,810,000 for the week of June 8, 2009. However, Kreizman and his team won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing in a Drama Series, and the serial tied for Outstanding Drama Series in 2007.
Personal life.
Kreizman's parents are Ira and Joan Kreizman. Ira Kreizman is a superior court judge in Freehold, New Jersey, and Joan is a school principal. Kreizman married Natasha Katzive, an Associate Director on "Guiding Light", on April 15, 2000.
Awards and nominations.
Daytime Emmy Awards 
Writers Guild Of America Award 

</doc>
<doc id="2917830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917830" title="Oscar Wilde (film)">
Oscar Wilde (film)

Oscar Wilde is a 1960 biographical film about Oscar Wilde, made by Vantage Films and released by 20th Century Fox.
Production.
The film was directed by Gregory Ratoff and produced by William Kirby, from a screenplay by Jo Eisinger, based on the play "Oscar Wilde" by Leslie Stokes and Sewell Stokes. Original music score was by Kenneth Jones.
The film starred Robert Morley as Oscar Wilde, Ralph Richardson as Sir Edward Carson, Phyllis Calvert as Constance Wilde, John Neville as Lord Alfred Douglas, Dennis Price as Robbie Ross, Alexander Knox as Sir Edgar Clarke and Edward Chapman as the Marquess of Queensberry. 
This was one of two films about Wilde released in 1960, the other being "The Trials of Oscar Wilde". They were both released in the last week of May. 
Author and former film extra, Brian Edward Hurst, gives a detailed description of a scene he witnessed during filming where Morley (as Wilde) attempted to pick up a newspaper boy on a foggy London street. Hurst's book: "Heaven Can Help - the Autobiography of a Medium" describes the day's filming at Walton-on-Thames Studio. 
The attempted seduction scene was cut from the final version. This movie was a lower budget production which was compared unfavorably with the wide-screen, technicolor version "The Trials of Oscar Wilde."

</doc>
<doc id="2917835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917835" title="Fred Dutton">
Fred Dutton

Frederick Gary "Fred" Dutton (June 16, 1923 – June 27, 2005) was a lawyer and Democratic Party power broker who served as campaign manager and Chief of Staff for California Governor Pat Brown, Special Assistant to U.S. President John F. Kennedy, and went on to manage Robert F. Kennedy's campaign for the Presidency.
Between 1960 and 1972 Dutton played a role in every Democrat’s quest for the White House. Dutton entertained both politicians and journalists and could be considered as one of the country’s original “spin doctors.” He had a long career as a lobbyist for American oil companies and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, leading to him being referred to as both "Fred of Arabia" and "Dutton of Arabia."
Early life and education.
Born in Julesburg, Colorado to his mother Lucy Dutton and father Fredrick Dutton (known as "doc"), Fred's mother, father and little brother, Edward moved to San Mateo, California, where he attended San Mateo High School and met his first wife, June Klingborg Dutton. The Duttons had three children together between 1950 and 1960 (Christopher, Lisa, and Eve). Dutton graduated from University of California, Berkeley in 1946 and from Stanford Law School in 1949.
Dutton had two stints of military service in both World War II and the Korean war. Dutton was a prisoner of war and was awarded the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star.
Political career.
Following his position as assistant counsel with Southern Counties Gas Co., from 1952 to 1956, Dutton became chief assistant attorney general of California, in 1957 and 1958. He was executive secretary to Governor Pat Brown in 1959 and 1960.
Governor Brown appointed Dutton to the Regents of the University of California in 1962, where he served until 1978.
Dutton was the deputy national chairman of Citizens for Kennedy-Johnson in 1960. Following the election, he was brought into the White House as a Special Assistant to President Kennedy in 1961, serving as secretary of the cabinet and special assistant for intergovernmental and interdepartmental relations. He was appointed Assistant Secretary of State for Congressional Relations, from 1961 to 1964. He was also a political adviser and campaign aide to Robert F. Kennedy.
Dutton travelled with Kennedy during much of his 1968 presidential campaign. He was at the Ambassador Hotel when Kennedy was shot and rode in the ambulance with him. In an interview after he became a lobbyist, he said, “After Bobby was shot, the lights went out for me.” 
Dutton was credited with originating the idea for Earth Day. His early memo was later acknowledged to be inspiration for Gaylord Nelson who would lead the effort to create Earth Day. .
Legal and lobbying career.
After the Robert Kennedy assassination in 1968, Dutton returned to his private law practice in Washington, DC. Dutton was credited with helping his client Mobil Oil develop its “advertorial” marketing strategy.
Dutton later married attorney Nancy Hogan Dutton and they had two children together (Stacy & Christina). Together the Duttons formed the Dutton and Dutton law practice; this firm went on to be appointed chief U.S. attorney for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, earning Mr. Dutton the often quoted moniker "Dutton of Arabia". Dutton & Dutton continued work for Saudi Arabia following Fred's death.
Frederick Dutton died on June 27, 2005, aged 82, of undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="2917839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917839" title="Prabhas Patan">
Prabhas Patan

Prabhas Patan, known popularly as Somnath Patan, is situated in Gujarat (Saurashtra), 7 km. from Veraval. This is a place of pilgrimage, or Tirtha, of the most popular Jyotirlinga of Lord Shiva, i.e., Somanath.
According to tradition, here Krishna is supposed to have left a mortal body at the end of Krishna avatar (Avatars), enacting the drama of being killed by a hunter who mistook Krishna for a deer and shot him in his foot.
Story.
As per the writing in Ramayana, Rama, i.e. Krishna in his earlier Rama Avatar (Avatars) is supposed to have given a boon to a monkey king Vali (Hindu mythology) whom he killed indirectly in hiding and not directly fighting with him in front. The above action of the hunter in Krishna avatar (Avatars) is supposed to be in compliance to the boon of Rama i.e. Krishna in his earlier Avatar.
Details by a pilgrim.
The adjacent photo of 1957 shows the place where there is a board (not clear in photo) mentioning "Krishna Deha Visarjana". This is also confirmed by the local people there at that time as per the pilgrim. This pilgrim also remembers the place as Prabhas Patan near Veraval. There is also another board on the tree (not clear in photo) which as far as the memory of the said pilgrim goes, indicates that the sapling was planted by C. Rajagopalachari (ex Governor-general of India).

</doc>
<doc id="2917843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917843" title="Hiway House">
Hiway House

Hiway House was a motor hotel chain founded in 1956 at Phoenix, Arizona, by the late Del Webb, a construction magnate who owned the New York Yankees baseball team and later created the Sun City retirement communities. A remnant of the old Hiway House chain is still in operation at Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The chain soon became a fixture throughout the Southwest. Ultimately, there would be Del Webb's Hiway House locations at Phoenix, Holbrook, Flagstaff, and Tucson, Arizona; Albuquerque and Roswell, New Mexico; Tulsa, Oklahoma; Abilene, Texas; and Los Angeles near LAX, Blythe, Palm Springs, and Arcadia, California. 
Before starting the Hiway House chain, Webb was one of the initial key investors of Ramada Inns from 1954 to 1956, then a new upstart chain of roadside hotels in the Southwestern states of Arizona, California and Texas with long-range plans for national coverage that was founded by Marion W. Isbell, a longtime Chicago restaurateur. Today, Ramada (now Ramada Franchise Systems) is one of the world's largest lodging chains and owned by Wyndham Hotels & Resorts.
Webb sold the Hiway House chain in the early 1960s, which then took the name Sentry Hiway House. The chain remained in operation until sometime after 1970, by which time most of the hotels were sold off and changed their names with some of them becoming franchises of competing lodging chains.
Albuquerque was one of the few cities to have two or more Hiway House locations during that chain's heyday. One of those locations is among the last Hiway House motor hotels still operating under that nameplate. Located in the 3200 block of Central Avenue S.E. in the Nob Hill section, which was the path of the world-famous U.S. Route 66 through Albuquerque, it still has the original colonial-style architecutre and same neon sign that has stood since it opened in 1958. The bottom portion of the street-level Hiway House signs read the motto "Sleep is our Business." Today that line still appears on the sign of the Albuquerque location, which is owned by Bicu Corporation and has been operated in recent years by George and Livia Strimbu. The restaurant is in operation today as the Sushi and Saki Reataurant and Korean BBQ House.

</doc>
<doc id="2917845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917845" title="Sacroiliitis">
Sacroiliitis

In medicine, sacroiliitis is an inflammation of the sacroiliac joint. Sacroiliitis is a feature of spondylarthropathies (such as ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, reactive arthritis or arthritis related to inflammatory bowel diseases including ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease). It is also the most common presentation of arthritis from Brucella.

</doc>
<doc id="2917846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917846" title="Dissorophoidea">
Dissorophoidea

Dissorophoideans are a clade of medium-sized, temnospondyl amphibians that appeared during the Late Pennsylvanian in Euramerica, and continued through to the Late Permian and even possibly the Early Triassic of Gondwana (if "Micropholis" belongs here). They are distinguished by various details of the skull, and many forms seem to have been well adapted for life on land. 
It has been suggested that they may be ancestral to the Frogs (Reisz, no date) or even the Lissamphibia as a whole, in which case the latter would be included in this clade.
It is possible that the small Permo-Carboniferous Micromelerpetontidae and the large Late Permian Melosauridae may also belong in this clade.
Phylogeny.
An extensive phylogenetic analysis of dissorophoids conducted in 2012 found that the families Dissorophidae and Trematopidae are more closely related to each other than either is to the family Amphibamidae. Following a 2008 study, the Dissorophidae-Trematopidae clade was called Olsoniformes. Below is the cladogram from the 2012 analysis:

</doc>
<doc id="2917852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917852" title="I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For">
I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For

"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" is a song by the Irish rock band U2. It is the second track from their 1987 album "The Joshua Tree" and was released as the album's second single in May 1987. The song was a hit, becoming the band's second consecutive number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 while peaking at number six on the UK Singles Chart.
The song originated from a demo the band recorded on which drummer Larry Mullen, Jr. played a unique rhythm pattern. Like much of "The Joshua Tree", the song was inspired by the group's interest in American music. "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" exhibits influences from gospel music and its lyrics describe spiritual yearning. Lead vocalist Bono's vocals are in high register and guitarist The Edge plays a chiming arpeggio. Adding to the gospel qualities of the song are choir-like backing vocals provided by The Edge and producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois.
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" was critically acclaimed and received two nominations at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988, for Record of the Year and Song of the Year. It has subsequently become one of the group's most well-known songs and has been performed on many of their concert tours. The track has appeared on several of their compilations and concert films. Many critics and publications have ranked "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" among the greatest tracks in music history. 
Writing and recording.
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" originated from a demo variously titled "The Weather Girls" and "Under the Weather" that the band recorded during a jam session. Bassist Adam Clayton called the demo's melody "a bit of a one-note groove", while an unconvinced The Edge, the band's guitarist, compared it to "'Eye of the Tiger' played by a reggae band". However, the band liked the drum part played by drummer Larry Mullen, Jr. Co-producer Daniel Lanois said, "It was a very original beat from Larry. We always look for those beats that would qualify as a signature for the song. And that certainly was one of those. It had this tom-tom thing that he does and nobody ever understands. And we just didn't want to let go of that beat, it was so unique." Lanois encouraged Mullen to continue developing the weird drum pattern beyond the demo. Mullen said the beat became even more unusual, and although Lanois eventually mixed most of the pattern out to just keep the basics, the rhythm became the root of "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For".
The group worked on the track at the studio they had set up at Danesmoate House in Dublin. Lanois compared the creation of the song to constructing a building, first laying down the drums as the foundation, then adding additional layers piece by piece, before finally "putting in furniture". Lead vocalist Bono was interested in the theme of spiritual doubt, which was fostered by Eno's love for gospel music, and by Bono's listening to songs by The Swan Silvertones, The Staple Singers, and Blind Willie Johnson. After The Edge wrote a chord sequence and played it on acoustic guitar "with a lot of power in the strumming", the group attempted to compose a suitable vocal melody, trying out a variety of ideas. During a jam session, Bono began singing a "classic soul" melody, and it was this addition that made The Edge hear the song's potential. At that point, he remembered a phrase he had written in a notebook that morning as a possible song title, "I still haven't found what I'm looking for". He suggests it was influenced by a line from the Bob Dylan song "Idiot Wind": ""You'll find out when you reach the top you're on the bottom"". He wrote the phrase on a piece of paper and handed it to Bono while he was singing. The Edge called the phrase's fit with the song "like hand in glove". From that point on, the song was the first piece played to visitors during the recording sessions.
As recording continued, a number of guitar overdubs were added, including an auto-pan effect and a chiming arpeggio to modernise the old-style "gospel song". While The Edge was improvising guitar parts one day, Bono spotted a "chrome bells" guitar hook that he liked. It was added as a counter-melody to the song's "muddy shoes" guitar part, and it is this hook that The Edge plays during live performances of the song. Bono sang in the upper register of his range to add to the feeling of spiritual yearning; in the verses he hits a B-flat note, and an A-flat in the chorus. Background vocals were provided by The Edge, Lanois, and co-producer Brian Eno, their voices being multi-tracked. Lanois suggests that his and Eno's involvement in the track's creation helped their vocals. He stated, "You're not going to get that sound of, 'Oh they brought in some soul singers' if you know what I mean. Our hearts and souls are already there. If we sing it'll sound more real." The song's writing was completed relatively early during the band's time at Danesmoate House. The mix took longer to complete, though, with most of the production team contributing. The final mix was completed by Lanois and The Edge in a home studio set up at Melbeach, a house purchased by The Edge. They mixed it on top of a previous Steve Lillywhite mix, which gave the song a phasing sound.
Lanois says he is very attached to "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" and has, on occasion, joined U2 on stage to perform it. The original "Weather Girls" demo, re-titled "Desert of Our Love", was included with the 2007 remastered version of "The Joshua Tree" on a bonus disc of outtakes and B-sides.
Release.
Initially, "Red Hill Mining Town" was planned for release as the second single. However, Bono was unable to sing the song during pre-tour rehearsals and the band were reportedly unhappy with the video shot by Neil Jordan, so "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" became a late choice for the second single. The single was released in May 1987. On the US "Billboard" Hot 100, the song debuted at number 51 on 13 June 1987. After nearly 2 months on the chart, the song reached number one on 8 August 1987, becoming the band's second consecutive number-one hit in the United States. The song spent two weeks in the top spot, and remained on the chart for 17 weeks. On other "Billboard" charts, the song peaked at number 16 on the Adult Contemporary chart, and number two on the Album Rock Tracks chart. The song also topped the Irish Singles Chart, while peaking at number six on the Canadian "RPM" Top 100 and the UK Singles Chart. In New Zealand, the song peaked at number two on the RIANZ Top 40 Singles Chart, while reaching number six on the Dutch Top 40 and number 11 on the Swedish Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video for the song was filmed on Fremont Street in Las Vegas on 12 April 1987 following their Joshua Tree Tour concert in that city. It features the band members wandering around while The Edge plays an acoustic guitar. The music video was later re-released on the "U218 Videos" compilation DVD. Pat Christenson, president of Las Vegas's official event organization, credits the group's video with improving the city's image among musicians. "The whole perception of Vegas changed with that video," Christenson said, adding, "Now all the big names come here, some of them five, six times a year."
B-sides.
"Spanish Eyes" was created early during "The Joshua Tree" sessions. It began as a recording made in Adam Clayton's house of Clayton, The Edge, and Larry Mullen Jr. playing around with several different elements. The piece evolved substantially over the course of an afternoon, but the cassette and its recording was subsequently lost and forgotten. The Edge found the cassette towards the end of the album sessions and played it to the rest of the group. The band realised that it was a good track, but did not have enough time to complete it prior to "The Joshua Tree"s release.
"Deep in the Heart" stemmed from a three-chord piano piece Bono composed on the piano about the last time he had been in the family home on Cedarwood Road in Dublin, which his father had just sold. The memories of his time living there gave rise to many of the lyrical ideas on the song. The Edge and Adam Clayton reworked the piece extensively, with Bono later describing the finished result as "an almost jazz-like improvisation on three chords", also noting that "the rhythm section turned it into a very special piece of music." The song was recorded in a similar manner to the song "4th of July" from U2's 1984 album, "The Unforgettable Fire"; The Edge and Clayton were playing together in a room and unaware that they were being recorded on a 4-track cassette machine by the band's assistant, Marc Coleman.
Live performances.
Island Records commissioned New York choir director, Dennis Bell, to record a gospel version of the song, and Island intended to release it after U2's single. However, Island boss Chris Blackwell vetoed the plan saying that a second single would look like a money grab. Bell subsequently formed his own label and found a distributor for the song. While in Glasgow in late July 1987 during The Joshua Tree Tour, Rob Partridge of Island Records played the demo that Bell and his choir, The New Voices of Freedom, had made. In late September, U2 rehearsed with Bell's choir in Greater Calvary Baptist Church in Harlem for a performance together in a few days at U2's Madison Square Garden concert. The Edge's guitar was the only instrument that U2 brought to the church although Mullen borrowed a conga drum. The rehearsal was done with the church's audio system and footage was used in the "Rattle and Hum" motion picture. Several performances were made with a piano player; however, the version used in the film includes only Bono, The Edge, Mullen, and the choir. Audio from the Madison Square Garden performance appears on the accompanying album.
A live performance of the song appears in the concert films ', ', "Live from Paris" and the most recent "U2 360° at the Rose Bowl". The versions on the Mexico City and Milan concert films consist of just Bono's voice and The Edge's guitar until after the first chorus where the drum and bass parts kick in. Digital live versions were released through iTunes on the "Love: Live from the Point Depot" and "U2.COMmunication" albums.
Reception.
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" received widespread critical acclaim. "Hot Press" journalist Bill Graham described the song as on the one-hand as a "smart job of pop handwork, pretty standard American radio rock-ballad fare" but that "the band's rhythms are far more supple and cultivated than your average bouffant HM band of that period". The "Sunday Independent" suggested that the song was proof the band could be commercially accessible, yet not resort to rock clichés. "NME" remarked that the song showed that the band cared about something, which made them "special". "The Rocket" noted that Bono's lyrics about needing personal spirituality resulted in a "unique marriage of American gospel and Gaelic soul" and that the "human perspective he brings to this sentiment rings far truer than the rantings of, say, the born-again Bob Dylan". Several publications, including "The Bergen Record" and "The Boston Globe", called the track "hypnotic" and interpreted it as depicting the band on a spiritual quest. The song finished in 18th place on the "Best Singles" list from "The Village Voice"s 1987 Pazz & Jop critics' poll.
Legacy.
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" has been acclaimed by many critics and publications as one of the greatest songs of all time. In 2001, the song was ranked at number 120 on the RIAA's list of 365 "Songs of the Century"—a project intended to "promote a better understanding of America's musical and cultural heritage"—despite the group's Irish origins. In 2003, a special edition issue of "Q", titled "1001 Best Songs Ever", placed "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" at number 148 on its list of the greatest songs. In 2005, "Blender" ranked the song at number 443 on its list of the "The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born". In 2010, "Rolling Stone" magazine placed the song at number 93 of its list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time". "Los Angeles Times" critic Robert Hilburn called it U2's "Let It Be", in reference to The Beatles song. The staff of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame selected "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" as one of 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" appeared in the 1999 film "Runaway Bride", and it is also heard several times in the 1994 film "Blown Away". It was also used as the background song in the 1987 edition of the BBC Rock 'n' Roll Years during the clip of the 1987 general election.
The song was covered by Scottish band The Chimes in 1990. The rendition peaked into number six in both the United Kingdom and New Zealand charts. It also peaked into number twelve in the Netherlands chart.
The song was covered in a scene in "Glee", in the season 5 episode "City of Angels" which aired in March 2014. In the plot, the glee club performed it as the apex of their performance at a national show choir competition, saying it was the favorite song of the character Finn, who was played by Cory Monteith, an actor who had died the prior summer.

</doc>
<doc id="2917858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917858" title="Taji, Iraq">
Taji, Iraq

Taji, or Tajidiyah () is a town approximately 20 miles north of the city of Baghdad, within Baghdad Province.
History.
Al-Taji airfield, in the volatile Sunni Triangle, was originally an Iraqi Republican Guard base during the Saddam era. It was once a center for the manufacture of chemical weapons. Taji was also the location of the largest tank maintenance facility in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="2917863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917863" title="New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers">
New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers

"New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers" was a weekly television programme first shown on Prime Television New Zealand on 6 October 2005. 430 notable New Zealanders were ranked by a panel to determine the 100 most influential in New Zealand history. There were six episodes to present the list, and a final (seventh) episode, screened live on 17 November 2005, showed the rankings of the top ten of these people as a result of votes collected from the public via text and internet. (These votes are not statistically valid as they involve self-selected voters).
Diana Wichtel, reviewing the show in the "New Zealand Listener", described it as "surprisingly watchable", but commented that the format was "history as striptease, with the programme counting down over the weeks to the big winner." Scott Kara, writing in "The New Zealand Herald", called it "educational but not dull". Another review described it as "history ... as an Idol-style talent search".
Joseph Romanos, one of the panellists, produced a book later in 2005 containing profiles of the same 100 people. The book was revised for a 2008 edition.
The panel.
The show's rankings were produced by merging the ratings of eight panellists, who are all well-known New Zealanders:
Panel rankings.
On the final programme, the 101st on the list was revealed:
101. Sir Mountford "Toss" Woollaston – Painter

</doc>
<doc id="2917879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917879" title="Shiver (Jenny Morris album)">
Shiver (Jenny Morris album)

Shiver is the second solo studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris, released on 24 July 1989 (see 1989 in music) by Warner Music Group. The album was produced by Andrew Farriss and was critically acclaimed to be Morris's "most successful — and best" album to date. "Shiver" debuted inside the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by ARIA. It yielded five singles: "Saved Me", "She Has to Be Loved", "Aotearoa", "Street of Love" and "Self Deceiver".
"Shiver" was commercially successful in Australia. In early August 1989, it debuted at number fifteen on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart. It went to peak at number five on its fifteenth week and stayed there for two consecutive weeks. The album dropped off the chart after ten months, spending a total of thirty-nine weeks in the top fifty. The Australian Recording Industry Association awarded the album double platinum certification for shipping 140,000 copies and became the thirtiest highest selling album in Australia for 1989. It sold around 250,000 copies in Australia.
Jonathan Lewis of AllMusic states that not a huge leap from her previous album and this album shows that she is maturing as a songwriter. He ends the review stating "The most successful — and best — of Jenny Morris' albums." The album also features Morris's cover version of "(Beggar on The) Street of Love" by Australian musician Paul Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="2917893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917893" title="John Dahlsen">
John Dahlsen

John Dahlsen is an award-winning Australian contemporary environmental artist. He uses found objects, primarily plastic bags, from Australian beaches in his work.
Biography.
Dahlsen studied art from 1977 to 1979 at the Victorian College of the Arts and in 1989 at the Melbourne College of Advanced Education. In addition to his art, he also lectures at Australian universities and at environmental symposiums around the world. He has exhibited work in many solo and group exhibitions since 1979. Dahlsen currently lives in Byron Bay, New South Wales, Australia.
Awards.
In 2000, Dahlsen won the Wynne Prize from the Art Gallery of New South Wales for his piece "Thong Totem". He was also a finalist in both 2003 and 2004. In 2006 he was a finalist for the Sir John Sulman Medal from the Art Gallery of New South Wales and the second prize winner of the Signature of Sydney Art Prize. He has also won many other awards, such as the 2003 award for mixed media/new media at the Florence Biennial of Contemporary Art, Environmental Art Awards at the Swell Sculpture Exhibition in 2009 and 2010, and the Peoples Choice Award in the ArtsCape Biennial Sculpture Exhibition in 2010. 
He has also been awarded several grants from the Australian government as well as private groups. 

</doc>
<doc id="2917896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917896" title="Pinnebog River">
Pinnebog River

The Pinnebog River is a river in the Thumb region of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river flows into Lake Huron on the west side of the "tip" of the "thumb".
The entire length of the Pinnebog lies within Huron County and is fed by various agricultural ditches and drains. It is formed by the confluence of the Colona and Colfax drains near the southern boundary of section 28 in Colfax Township, on the south side of M-53 (Van Dyke Rd.) about south-southwest of Bad Axe. It flows southwest for about around the unincorporated community of Popple where it is fed by the Cameron and McLean drains. It then bends northward around Popple and flows northwest for about past the east side of the village of Elkton. North of Elkton, the river flows mostly northward to its mouth in Lake Huron in Port Crescent State Park at , about southwest of Port Austin. Other tributaries include the Elkton Drain, Nettle Run, Hill Drain, Southworth Drain, McMullen Drain, Oliver Drain, Bad Axe Creek, Musselman Drain (which empties Rush Lake in the Rush Lake State Game Area. Before reaching Lake Huron, it turns to flow east-northeast for about to its mouth. Just before its mouth, it is joined by the Taft and Schram drains.
The river's watershed drains all or portions of the following townships: 
Bingham, 
Chandler, 
Colfax, 
Dwight,
Hume, 
Lake, 
Lincoln, 
Meade, 
Oliver, 
Sheridan, and 
Verona.
The unincorporated community of Pinnebog is situated on the Taft Drain. The Pinnebog River passes about to the west. Pinnebog Road runs from north of Pinnebog due south about to Van Dyke Road just north of Popple. Pinnebog Road is also designated as County Road L for its entire length.

</doc>
<doc id="2917901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917901" title="Alexander Maxovich Shilov">
Alexander Maxovich Shilov

Alexander Maxovich Shilov (; born October 6, 1943) is a prominent Soviet and Russian portrait painter.
Biography.
Alexander Shilov was born in Moscow. He studied in the Surikov Moscow Art Institute (1968–1973). In 1976 he became a member of the Union of Artists of the USSR. In 1985 he became People's Artist of the USSR. In 1992 one of the asteroids (4164 Shilov discovered by Lyudmila Ivanovna Chernykh) was named after him. In 1996 he donated to the Russian Government 365 portraits painted by him. Since 2001 he is a full member of Russian Academy of Arts
Works.
The speciality of Alexander Shilov are ceremonial portraits, often painted from photographs without even seeing his subjects. He painted more than 600 of them. Hailed in his youth as the great champion of Socialist Realism and patronized by Kremlin rulers, he painted portraits of all the leaders of the Soviet Union and Russia including Leonid Brezhnev, Yuri Andropov, Konstantin Chernenko, Mikhail Gorbachev, Boris Yeltsin, Vladimir Putin, most of Cosmonauts, etc. He also produced portraits of his daughter Mashenka, his mother and grandmother.
Shilov's opponents insisted that his portraits are little more than the flattering photographs transferred onto canvas, but his proponents claim a unique realistic style directly inherited from Dmitry Levitzky and Orest Kiprensky. In 1997 one of the leading proponents, the Moscow mayor Yuriy Luzhkov, opened the "Moscow State Art Gallery of People's Artist of the USSR Alexander Shilov", just several steps away from the Moscow Kremlin. The gallery is devoted solely to exhibitions of Shilov's work.

</doc>
<doc id="2917910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917910" title="Acacia murrayana">
Acacia murrayana

Acacia murrayana is a tree in the family Fabaceae. It has numerous common names, including sandplain wattle, Murray's wattle, fire wattle, colony wattle and powder bark wattle. It is widespread throughout Australia's arid zone, occurring on sand ridges and in disturbed areas in every mainland State except Victoria.
Sandplain wattle grows as a tall shrub or small tree, up to eight metres in height. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. They are grey or pale green, between five and twelve centimetres long and two to seven millimetres wide. The flowers are bright yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters up to eight millimetres in diameter. The pods are flat and paper, five to eight centimetres long and up to one centimetre wide.

</doc>
<doc id="2917924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917924" title="Parks and open spaces in Brent">
Parks and open spaces in Brent

The London Borough of Brent, an Outer London borough to the north west of the conurbation, has about 100 parks and open spaces within its boundaries. These include recreation and sports grounds, a large country park, and a large reservoir. The main areas of open space are:

</doc>
<doc id="2917926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917926" title="Arthur H. Vinal">
Arthur H. Vinal

Arthur H. Vinal (1854 – 1923) was an American architect who lived and worked in Boston, Massachusetts. Vinal started a partnership with Henry F. Starbuck in 1877; the firm broke up when Starbuck moved away. Vinal was City Architect of Boston from 1884 to 1887. Vinal is principally known for his Richardsonian Romanesque High Service Building at the Chestnut Hill Reservoir (1887). In addition to his other public buildings, Vinal designed numerous residences in Boston and nearby suburbs (not all, or even mostly, romanesques).

</doc>
<doc id="2917927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917927" title="Millia Rage">
Millia Rage

Creation.
Millia is named after American thrash-metal band Meliah Rage. Daisuke Ishiwatari created Millia's character to, through her relationship with Zato, convey the message of how is the feelings of a person who loves someone who is rejected from society.
Appearances.
After the death of her parents, she is adopted into a nearby assassin syndicate, the Assassin's Guild. There, she learns the Sixth Hi-Deigokutsuipou (or the "Six Forbidden Magics"), "Angra", which allows Millia's hair to model as she wants. Due to Zato-1's rise in power within the Guild, Millia seals him within a dimensional portal, and abandons the guild shortly thereafter, finding no comfort in the cruel ways of an assassin. In "Guilty Gear" (1998), Millia uses the Second Holy Order's Fighting Tournament as a method of tracking down Zato, who has escaped from the dimensional prison, to kill him. However, she can not do it as she is manipulated like the rest of the cast, and the bloodshed from the tournament releases Justice from her slumber. She still in search of Zato in "Guilty Gear X" (2000). Panicked with a Gear with free-will countries establish another tournament, with a prize to who captures the Gear. Millia uses this as another chance to find Zato. Canonically, she finds him, seemingly killing him. Unknown to her, a symbiotic creature named Eddie takes control of Zato's body.
In "Guilty Gear X2" (2002), she receives sightings of a being similar to that of Zato's Forbidden Beast, Eddie. In "XX", Millia has three different endings. In the first, faces Slayer just before she is about to confront Eddie. After a fight Millia manages to hold her ground but is unable to defeat him, Slayer tells Millia that her hair is of the same origins as Eddie, though Millia says she already knows it. In the second ending, she defeats Slayer and subsequently kills Eddie. The third ending shows that, after killing Eddie, she buries Zato's body. In "Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus" (2008), Millia sets off to find and kill Eddie and destroy the Assassin's Guild. In her first ending, she finishes her vendetta, as she slays Eddie. She continues to live on a run from the Assassin's Guild, but did not falter in her mind and continues to keep her hair under control. In the second ending, however, she loses the control of her hair and accidentally kills Bridget. As she stands horrified on her act, she is accidentally stabbed in the back by her fan, but she felt content as she died as herself, not as a monster.
Millia is a playable character in "Guilty Gear Xrd" (2014). She is also a playable character in the spin-off games "Guilty Gear Petit" (2001), "Isuka" (2003), "Dust Strikers" (2006), and "Judgment" (2006).
Reception.
Millia Rage was referenced by Destructoid as being "a classic "Guilty Gear" character and fan favorite". In a 2013 poll conducted by Arc System Works, Millia was voted as the 13th most popular character from the series. IGN staff was impressed by the animation of Millia's hair movement as it "has a life all its own as it launches out at enemies, repels attack, and surrounds her." In addition, they stated she is "just terribly cute", a sentiment shared by GameSpot's Greg Kasavin who labelled her as "cute yet not-so-surprisingly powerful". IGN also noted her as one of ""Guilty Gear"s faster characters", which was also remarked by Todd Ciolek from Anime News Network (ANN). She was included in the "Complex"s list of "The 25 Best Looking Sideline Chicks in Games", with the writer Elton Jones saying she "stands out to us the most" due to her ability to cause damage by using only her hair. The ability also caused her to be called a "Medusa-esque" character by Miguel Lopez from GameSpot. In a "Guilty Gear X" review for Allgame, Gavin Frankle said no other character from the series had a more "unique fighting style" than Millia.
It also led her to be featured in an article titled "Gaming's 19 most impractical hairstyles" by GamesRadar's Lucas Sullivan, who said what she can do with her hair "is truly impressive", and described her hairstyle as "The Rapunzel". This latter feeling was shared by Ciolek, who noted the similarities between Millia and the Rapunzel from Disney's film "Tangled". The ANN's reviewer also declared he was not impressed by "Bayonetta" as he felt the main character is "a rip-off" of Millia. Ciolek noted similiraties between their hair manipulation abilities, stating "The only real difference is that Millia doesn't actually "wear" her hair or get nearly naked in battle". On other hand, IGN said "Millia Rage takes bizarreness to lofty heights", and ranked her hair as the sixth "goofiest weapon" in their Top 10. Similarly, she was mentioned by 1UP.com as one of "Guilty Gear"s "goofy characters" along with I-No and Faust.

</doc>
<doc id="2917932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917932" title="Warren Central High School (Indiana)">
Warren Central High School (Indiana)

Warren Central High School (WCHS) is a public high school in Warren Township on the east side of Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. It is the only high school in Warren Township. It has an enrollment of around 4,000. The school is a member of the Metropolitan Interscholastic Conference.
Athletics.
The Warren Central Warriors have a total of 22 State Championship titles since winning their first title in 1980, in sports including Cross Country (2), Track (7), Golf (1), Gymnastics (2), Softball (1), Wrestling (1) and Football (8).
They have won a state record four consecutive Indiana High School Athletic Association (IHSAA) class 5-A football championships (1984-1985, 2003-2006, 2009, 2013), attaining a ranking as high as #2 in the "USA Today" Prep Top 25 poll. The football team won the inaugural 5A State Title in 1985 after winning the 4A Title in the previous season. Future NFL quarterback and #1 overall pick in the NFL Draft, Jeff George, was the starting quarterback for those teams (1984, 1985). Record setting running back Darren Evans was signed by the Indianapolis Colts after the lockout ended in 2011. They won their eighth state title in 2013, in the inaugural 6A State Title, beating Carmel 7-6. 
Warren was ranked the third-best athletic program in the US and first among public schools by "Sports Illustrated" in 2007.
Speech team.
The Warren Central Speech Team has won the IHSFA Sectional title twelve years in a row (2000 to 2011). In the 2001-2002 season, Warren placed fifth place in AAA Division. In the 2002-2003 three season, they reached fourth place; in 2003-2004, third; in 2004-2005, second. In the 2005-2006 speech season, Warren won the Indiana High School Forensic Association AAA State Championship as well as the Grand Champion title for the first time since 1967. In the 2006-2007 season, Warren continued to improve at state level with a better performance overall placing second overall and second in AAA division. In the 2007-2008 speech season, Warren Central won back the title of IHSFA Grand Champions with their third state title in team history. And in the 2008-2009 speech season, Warren Central won the AAA State Championship, and earned second place overall.
Winter Guard.
The Warren Central Winter Guard competes in Scholastic World Class in the Indiana Circuit (Indiana High School Color Guard Association, IHSCGA), TriState Circuit, as well as the international circuit (Winter Guard International, WGI). They have one state title in A Class (2002), four state titles in Open Class (2004, 2005, 2006, 2007), and were the Open Class silver medalist at WGI World Championships in 2007. Warren Central now competes in World Class. They won fourth place in 2012 with their performance, "The Elephant in the Room", and seventh place in 2013 with their performance "Standing on the Shoulders of Giants" at WGI World Championships. Warren Central has two other winter guards that compete in the Indiana Circuit in the Cadet and A Classes.

</doc>
<doc id="2917961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917961" title="KPWB">
KPWB

KPWB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917964" title="Palazzo Venezia">
Palazzo Venezia

The Palazzo di Venezia (formerly Palace of St. Mark) is a palazzo (palace) in central Rome, Italy, just north of the Capitoline Hill. The original structure of this great architectural complex consisted of a modest medieval house intended as the residence of the cardinals appointed to the church of San Marco. In 1469 it became a residential papal palace, having undergone a massive extension, and in 1564, Pope Pius IV, to win the sympathies of the Republic of Venice, gave the mansion to the ambassadors of La Serenissima on condition that a part of the building should be kept as a residence for the cardinals—the Apartment Cibo—and that the Venetian Republic should provide for the building's maintenance and future restoration. The palazzo faces Piazza Venezia and Via del Plebiscito. It currently houses the National Museum of the Palazzo Venezia.
History.
It took on a new layout when, in 1451, Pietro Barbo, nephew of Pope Eugenius IV, became cardinal. It was a fortified building, composed of a half-basement and a mezzanine that functioned as a "piano nobile", extending over a small area between the basilica and the gate of the present palazzo overlooking the piazza, with a small external tower. It was a building of no exceptional size but was sufficiently dignified as a cardinal's residence so that, even in 1455, Pietro Barbo could proudly boast of it, having a commemorative medal struck in its honor. In 1455, the building manifested some of the first Renaissance architectural features in Rome; although the overall aspect is of a massive, defensible medieval structure with battlemented crown. 
It was built around the medieval tower at the right of its facade and incorporated within its mass the ancient basilica church of San Marco founded by Pope Marcus in 336 and dedicated to the Evangelist who would become protector of Venice, completely rebuilt in 833and which underwent frequent reconstructions since then. 
Much of the stone to build the palazzo was quarried from the nearby Colosseum, a common practice in Rome until the 18th century. The design is traditionally attributed to Leone Battista Alberti, the Venetian cardinal, Pietro Barbo, who later became Pope Paul II, was the patron: he continued to inhabit it even as pope. 
The project was continued after his death by his nephew Marco Barbo, patriarch of Aquileia. The green courtyard had only been enclosed by a colonnade surmounted by a loggia for less than a quarter of its full ranges before work was interrupted; the fully Renaissance design was by Giuliano da Maiano. 
The building became a papal residence, and in 1564 Pope Pius IV gave use of much of the building to the Republic of Venice for its embassy and for the titular cardinal of S. Marco, by tradition always a Venetian. 
From the Treaty of Campoformio (1797) throughout the nineteenth century, as Austria succeeded the defunct Republic, the building was the seat for the Austrian ambassador to the Vatican. In 1916, Italy, at war with Austria-Hungary, seized the building. It was subsequently restored. 
Benito Mussolini had his office in the Palazzo Venezia in the Sala del Mappamondo, and used its balcony overlooking the Piazza Venezia to deliver many of his most notable speeches, such as the declaration of the Italian Empire, 9 May 1936, to crowds gathered in the Piazza Venezia below.
The "Museo di Palazzo Venezia", housed in the building, contains galleries of art, predominantly pottery, tapestry, statuary from the early Christian era up to early Renaissance.
In 1910, due to the erection of the Monument to Victor Emmanuel II, the Italian Government enlarged the Piazza Venezia and built a replica of the Palazzo Venezia in yellow brick on the opposite side of the square. This building hosts now the offices of the Assiscurazioni Generali di Venezia. Also because of that the "Palazzetto di Venezia", which closed the south side of the Piazza, was dismantled and rebuilt southwest of the Palazzo.
In late 2010 Mussolini's unfinished "most secret" bunker was discovered beneath the building.
External links.
http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/sideshow/mussolini-most-secret-bunker-discovered-beneath-historic-roman-015542530.html

</doc>
<doc id="2917967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917967" title="Heather Hudson">
Heather Hudson

Heather Hudson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2917974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917974" title="WingNut Films">
WingNut Films

"WingNut Films" is a New Zealand film company based in Wellington, New Zealand. It is notable for producing The Lord of the Rings (film series), King Kong (2005) and The Hobbit (film series). It collaborates predominantly with filmmaker Peter Jackson.
History.
WingNut Films has been involved in nearly all of Jackson's work. However the company became incorporated on 17 March 2003. WingNut Films was involved on the 2001-03 film series "Lord of the Rings". The third film in the series received 11 academy awards including Best Picture and Best Director. WingNut Films became involved in The Hobbit (film series) after director Guillermo del Toro left the project.
Braindead Lawsuit.
Jacksons 1992 Comedy Horror film was subject to a lawsuit: In "Bradley v WingNut Films Ltd" 1 NZLR 415, it was alleged that "Braindead" had infringed the privacy of the plaintiffs by containing pictures of the plaintiff's family tombstone. After reviewing the New Zealand judicial authorities on privacy, Gallen J stated: "the present situation in New Zealand ... is that there are three strong statements in the High Court in favour of the existence of such a tort in this country and an acceptance by the Court of Appeal that the concept is at least arguable." This case became one of a series of cases which contributed to the introduction of tort invasions of privacy in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2917996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917996" title="Walter Brookins">
Walter Brookins

Walter Richard Brookins (July 11, 1889 – April 29, 1953) was the first pilot trained by the Wright brothers for their exhibition team.
Biography.
Brookins was born in July 1889 in Dayton, Ohio to Clara Belle Spitler (1873–1947) and Noah Holsapple Brookins (1858–1936). He had three siblings: Alpharetta Brookins oct 1891-1971 who married Walter p. Hoffman; Noah Orville Brookins (1893–1954); Earl Brookins (1898–1992). Walter married Mary Lamke.
Walter was taught at school by Katharine Wright, sister of the Wright brothers and that led to his interest in flying. His first solo flight was after just two and one-half hours of demonstration. He became the Wrights' first instructor for the Wright Exhibition Team.
He came into prominence at an Indianapolis meet, on 14 June 1910, where he made a new world's record for altitude of 1,335 m (4,380 ft).
He later set world records for altitude, transcontinental flight and endurance.
On July 10, 1910 at Atlantic City in New Jersey, he flew to an altitude of 1,882 m (6,175 ft) in his Wright biplane, becoming the first person to fly at an altitude of one mile. He pioneered corkscrews and other stunt flying.
On 29 October 1910, Brookins flew the new Wright Baby Grand, a clipped wing V-8 powered flyer to compete in the Gordon Bennett Trophy competition at Belmont, New York. In front of the grandstand during the official timing, the aircraft lost half its cylinders and crashed, tossing Brookins out and leaving him with bruised ribs.
He died in 1953 in Los Angeles and his ashes were buried at the Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery in North Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="2918001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918001" title="Nicholas de Groot">
Nicholas de Groot

Nicholas de Groot (born October 22, 1975 in North York, Ontario) is a Canadian cricketer.
He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler with an elegant batting action who has played for both Canada and Guyana. With few chances at Guyanese cricket from his start in 1994/95, he turned to Canada for the 2001 ICC Trophy, making crucial contributions for this competition and qualification for the 2003 Cricket World Cup. He played in all Canada's World Cup matches in 2003, but has only played twice for them since.

</doc>
<doc id="2918009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918009" title="70 Cancri">
70 Cancri

70 Cancri (70 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.67.

</doc>
<doc id="2918012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918012" title="74 Cancri">
74 Cancri

74 Cancri (74 Cnc, HD 78347, HIP 44838) is a K-class star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 7.35.

</doc>
<doc id="2918018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918018" title="75 Cancri">
75 Cancri

75 Cancri (abbr.: 75 Cnc) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 5.95.

</doc>
<doc id="2918019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918019" title="Mechtilde">
Mechtilde

Saint Mechtilde of Hackeborn (1240/1241 – 19 November 1298) was a Saxon Christian saint (from what is now Germany) and a Benedictine nun. In the modern Benedictine calendar, her feast is celebrated on the anniversary of her death, November 19. She died in the monastery of Helfta.
Birth and Baptism.
Born Matilda von Hackeborn-Wippra, in 1240 or 1241, she belonged to one of the noblest and most powerful Thuringian families; her sister was the illustrious Abbess Gertrude of Hackeborn. The family of Hackeborn belonged to a dynasty of Barons in Thuringia who were related to the Hohenstaufen family and had possessions in northern Thuringia and in the Harz Maountains. Some writers have considered that Mechtilde von Hackeborn and Mechtilde von Wippra were two distinct persons, but, as the Barons of Hackeborn were also Lords of Wippra, it was customary for members of that family to take their name indifferently from either, or both of these estates. So fragile was she at birth, that the attendants, fearing she might die unbaptized, hurried her off to the priest who was just then preparing to say Mass. He was reported as a person of "great sanctity," and after baptizing the child, is reported to have made a statement to this effect, judged by some to be prophetic: "What do you fear? This child most certainly will not die, but she will become a saintly religious in whom God will work many wonders, and she will end her days in a good old age."
Early life.
When Mechtilde was seven years old, having been taken by her mother on a visit to her elder sister Gertrude, at that time a nun in the Cistercian monastery in Rodersdorf, she became so enamoured of the cloister that her pious parents yielded to her requests and allowed her to enter the alumnate. Here, being highly gifted in mind as well as in body, she made remarkable progress in virtue and learning.
Ten years later (1258) she followed her sister, who, now abbess, had transferred the monastery to an estate at Helfta given her by her brothers Louis and Albert. As a nun, Mechtilde was soon distinguished for her humility, her fervour, and that extreme amiability which had characterized her from childhood and which, like piety, seemed almost hereditary in her clan. She joined the convent and eventually became the headmistress of the convent school. Mechtilde was employed in the convent looking after the library, illuminating scripts, and writing her own texts in Latin. Mechtilde wrote many prayers. In 1261, the abbess committed to her prudent care a child of five who was destined to shed glory and fame upon the monastery of Helfta. This was Gertrude who in later generations became known as St. Gertrude the Great.
Musical and spiritual gifts.
She was famous for her musical talents and was called the “Nightingale of Helfta”. Gifted with a beautiful voice, Mechtilde also possessed a special talent for rendering the solemn and sacred music over which she presided as "domna cantrix." All her life she held this office and trained the choir with indefatigable zeal. Indeed, divine praise was the keynote of her life as it is of her book; in this she never tired, despite her continual and severe physical sufferings, so that in His revelations Christ was wont to call her His "nightingale". Souls thirsting for consolation or groping for light sought her advice; learned Dominicans consulted her on spiritual matters. At the beginning of her own mystic life it may have been from St. Mechtilde that St. Gertrude the Great learnt that the marvellous gifts lavished upon her were from God.
Revelations.
The Lord would say to Mechtild: Everything you have and by which you can please me you have from me and through me (St Mechtild of Hakeborn).
In one extraordinary vision she perceived that "the smallest details of creation are reflected in the Holy Trinity by means of the humanity of Christ, because it is from the same earth that produced them that Christ drew his humanity."
It was Julian of Norwich (1342 - about 1416), a recluse who may have had some connections with the Benedictines, who gave expression to the idea of God as mother. However, the concept did not originate with her. St Anselm of Canterbury (1033-1l09) had already fostered devotion to 'our Lord, our Mother' in his widely used "Orationes". The Cistercians and Carthusians spread it by the use of these prayers in their monasteries, and women such as Marguerite d'Oyngt (d. 1310 ) and Mechtilde of Hackeborn (d. 1299 ) took it up.
In the description of her visions Mechthild von Hackeborn appears throughout as a person of even temper and great sweetness of disposition. In her revelations Christ, the Virgin, and other members of the hierarchy of heaven enter as living realities. She is particularly fond of the angels, whom she loves to picture as the associates of men on earth and in heaven.
Devotion of the Three Hail Marys.
Mechtilde was distressed over her eternal salvation and prayed that the Most Holy Virgin would assist her at the hour of death. The Blessed Virgin appeared to her and reassured her, saying: "Yes, I will! But I wish, for your part, that you recite three Hail Marys every day, remembering in the first the power received from the Eternal Father, in the second the wisdom received from the Son, with the third one the love that has filled the Holy Spirit". The Blessed Virgin taught her to pray and to understand especially how the Three Hail Marys honor the three persons of the Blessed Trinity.
Devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
Mechthilde and Gertrude of Helfta, became ardent devotees and promoters of Jesus’ heart after it was the subject of many of their visions. The idea of hearing the heartbeat of God was very important to medieval saints who nurtured devotion to the Sacred Heart. Women such as Saint Mechtilde and Saint Gertrude (d. 1302) perceived Jesus’ heart as the breast of a mother. Just as a mother gives milk to nourish her child, so Jesus in the Eucharist gives us his life blood.
When you awake in the morning, let your first act be to salute My Heart, and to offer Me your own... Whoever shall breathe a sigh toward Me from the bottom of his heart when he awakes in the morning and shall ask Me to work all his works in him throughout the day, will draw Me to him ... For never does a man breathe a sigh of longing aspiration toward Me without drawing Me nearer to him than I was before. (Jesus to Saint Mechtilde)
One of the visions recounted by Mechtilde states that Jesus having appeared to her, commanded her to love Him ardently, and to honor His Sacred Heart in the Blessed Sacrament as much as possible. He gave her His Sacred Heart as a pledge of His love, as a place of refuge during her life and as her consolation at the hour of her death. From this time Mechtilde had an extraordinary devotion to the Sacred Heart, and she received such great graces from It that she was accustomed to say that if she had to write down all the favors and all the blessings which she had received by means of this devotion, a large book would not contain them.
In another, Jesus himself recommended the Gospel. Opening to her the wound of His most gentle heart, He said to her: "Consider how great is my love: If you want to know it well, you will not find it expressed more clearly anywhere than in the Gospel. No one has ever expressed stronger or more tender feelings than these: As my Father has loved me, so have I loved you (John 15:9)". Her accounts of these visions were later compiled in the "Liber Specialis Gratiae".
The Book of Special Grace.
At the age of 50, Mechtilde went through a grave spiritual crisis, as well as physical suffering. She learn that two nuns in whom she had especially confided had noted down the spiritual favours granted her. Much troubled at this, Mechthilde, first had recourse to prayer. She had a vision of Christ holding in His hand the book of her revelations, and saying: "All this has been committed to writing by my will and inspiration; and, therefore you have no cause to be troubled about it." He also told her that He wished this book to be called "The Book of Special Grace," because it would prove such to many. When the saint understood that the book would tend to God's glory, she ceased to be troubled, and even corrected the manuscript herself. Some authorities believe that one of the authors was St. Gertrude the Great. Immediately after her death it was made public, and copies were rapidly multiplied, owing chiefly to the widespread influence of the Friars Preachers.
Boccaccio tells how, a few years after the death of Mechtilde, the book of her revelations was brought to Florence and popularized under the title of "La Laude di donna Matelda." promoting the devotion to the superabundant divine mercy of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. It is related that the Florentines were accustomed to repeat daily before their sacred images the praises learned from St. Mechtilde's book. St. Gertrude to whose devotedness we owe the "Liber Specialis Gratiae" exclaims: ""Never has there arisen one like to her in our monastery; nor, alas! I fear, will there ever arise another such!""
Four centuries later, printed chapbooks in the emblem style had made the devotion so widespread in Europe
even in lands where the Protestant reformed churches were in the ascendency, it was elevated under this name to a universal feast on the liturgical calendar with Mass and Office proper composed by a French cleric St. John Eudes (Another female religious St. Mary Margaret Alacoque spread the devotion among urban illiterate lay faithful of France with numerous testimonies of her supernatural visions of Christ's passion imagined as an inflamed pierced heart, encircled with thorns.)
Mechtilde died in the Monastery of Helfta, on November 19, 1298. Her feast is celebrated on the anniversary of her death. With that of St. Gertrude, the body of St. Mechtildis most likely still reposes at Old Helfta, though the exact spot is unknown.
Dante's "Donna Matelda".
Critics have long been perplexed as to one of the characters introduced by Dante in his "Purgatorio" under the name of Matelda. After ascending seven terraces of a mountain, on each of which the process of purification is carried on, Dante, in "Canto" xxvii, hears a voice singing: "Venite, benedicti patris mei"; then later, in "Canto" xxviii, there appears to him on the opposite bank of the mysterious stream a lady, solitary, beautiful, and gracious. To her Dante addresses himself; she it is who initiates him into secrets, which it is not given to Virgil to penetrate, and it is to her that Beatrice refers Dante in the words: "Entreat Matilda that she teach thee this."
Mechtilde's model of the soul's ascent provided the inspiration for his poetic treatment of the Mountain of Purgatory's seven terraces, one for each virtue (or more accurately one each for the purging—or detachment from—each of the seven vices) at the top of which she appears in his closing cantos of the second book of his Divine Comedy.
Most commentators have identified Matilda with the warrior-Countess of Tuscany, the spiritual daughter and dauntless champion of St. Gregory VII, but all agree that beyond the name the two have little or nothing in common. In more places than one the revelations granted to the mystics of Helfta seem in turn to have become the inspirations of the Florentine poet. All writers on Dante recognize his indebtedness to St. Augustine, the Pseudo-Dionysius, St. Bernard, and Richard of St. Victor. These are precisely the writers whose doctrines had been most assimilated by the mystics of Helfta, and thus they would the more appeal to the sympathies of the poet.
Dante could not have been a stranger to a book which was so popular among his fellow-citizens. The "Purgatorio" was finished between 1314 and 1318, or 1319—just about the time when St. Mechtilde's book was popular. This interpretation is supported by the fact that St. Mechtilde in her "Book of Special Grace" (pt. I, c. xiii) describes the place of purification under the same figure of a seven-terraced mountain. For another among many points of resemblance between the two writers compare "Purgatorio," "Canto" xxxi, where Dante is drawn by Matelda through the mysterious stream with pt. II, c. ii. of the "Liber Specialis Gratiae". Many scholars, however, deem it more likely that the figure of Matelda in Dante's "Divine Comedy" had been inspired by the mystic Mechthild of Magdeburg.
Iconography.
She is usually represented with scales and sword.
Legacy.
The Sisters of St. Benedict’s of Ferdinand, Indiana, sponsor a "Mechtilde of Hackeborn Sacred Music Series", supported through an endowment established by the Verkamp Family in honor of Sister Mary Aquin and Sister Mary Ann Verkamp.

</doc>
<doc id="2918021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918021" title="79 Cancri">
79 Cancri

79 Cancri (79 Cnc) is a multiple star system in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.04.

</doc>
<doc id="2918022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918022" title="80 Cancri">
80 Cancri

80 Cancri (80 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.87.

</doc>
<doc id="2918030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918030" title="Peter Roussel">
Peter Roussel

Peter Roussel (born c. 1941 in Texas), has had a career as an American press secretary and public relations executive.
Education.
Roussel attended St. John's School in Houston, Texas. He then attended the University of Houston, graduating in 1965. Both his parents were journalists, his late father, Hubert Roussel, serving as drama, music and film critic for The Houston Post, 1933-66. During that time he reviewed and interviewed performing arts icons, Arthur Rubenstein, Marian Anderson, Van Cliburn, Judy Garland, Clark Gable, members of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo and others. Roussel's late mother, Dewey Roussel, was also a newspaper reporter and an actress. She helped organize the Houston Stage Canteen during World War II. His older brother, Hubert Roussel, Jr., enlisted in the Army Air Corps during World War II and as a member of a B-29 crew was lost on a mission in the Pacific on December 13, 1944 at age 20. Dewey Roussel's story about her eldest son, Message of the White Dove, appeared in the September 1985 issue of Reader's Digest. Peter Roussel also has an older sister, Stephanie, who has been a ballerina and actress.
Career with Federal Government and national figures.
Peter Roussel began his career with the Federal Government in 1969 when he was asked to be press secretary to then U.S. Congressman George H. W. Bush. When Bush subsequently served as U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations (1971–1973) and Chairman of the Republican National Committee (1973–1974), Roussel continued to serve as Bush's press secretary.
Roussel went on to serve two tours of duty in the White House, as Staff Assistant to President Ford (1974–1976), then as Special Assistant and Deputy Press Secretary to President Reagan (1981–1987). 
In 1976 Roussel became a special assistant to President Ford's national campaign director, James A. Baker III. After that he served as communications director for Baker's 1978 campaign for Attorney General of Texas.
Roussel's career has also been in public relations, including as executive vice president of Neumann Roussel Public Relations, 1996-2003. From 2004-2008 he was a columnist for "Intown" magazine, writing a monthly column and serving as editor, June 2005-April 2008.
Post-government career.
Roussel is now a public speaker, author and television-radio commentator (abc13, KTRK-TV) based in Houston, Texas. In 2009 he was appointed to the Warner Chair of Journalism in Sam Houston State University's Department of Mass Communication, where he teaches courses on public relations and press-presidency interactions.
He is the author of the White House-based novel, "Ruffled Flourishes", published by Bright Sky Press. The novel is a satiric look at the daily travails of reporters covering the White House, attempting to squeeze accurate information from presidential representatives. The late Jack Valenti, former president of the Motion Picture Association, said this about the book: "It's a superior piece of work, reeking of authenticity."
In 1983 Roussel was named "Distinguished Alumnus" at the University of Houston.
In 1986 Roussel received the first "Distinguished Communications Alumnus Award" presented by the University of Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="2918033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918033" title="81 Cancri">
81 Cancri

81 Cancri (Pi1 Cancri, π1 Cancri) is a stellar system that lies approximately 66 light-years away. The main component of the system is a close binary, while a brown dwarf binary is located at a wide separation.
Components.
81 Cancri has long been known to be a binary, both visually and spectroscopically (VBO=SB2O). Their orbit is an eccentric 2.7 year one, resolved by over 100 milli-arcseconds due to a modest separation and close distance. The two components have similar masses and temperatures, with the secondary being only ~0.04 M☉ lower in mass and a few hundred kelvin cooler.
A brown dwarf component in the system was detected in 2001. The source 2MASSW J0912145+145940 (2M0912+14) in the 2MASS catalogue was identified as having a common proper motion with the AB binary, and subsequent observations confirmed the brown dwarf nature of the companion. The new component, 81 Cancri C, was found to have a spectral type of L8, near to the L-T transition. Separated from the primary components by 43 arcseconds and at a distance of 20.4 parsecs, the brown dwarf has a minimum physical separation of approximately 880 AU.
The brown dwarf was found to be about half a magnitude brighter in the JHK bands than expected, compared to others of similar spectral type and known distance. The system was not found to not be particularly young to some confidence, so it was plausible that component C could itself be a close binary not resolved by 2MASS. This was confirmed in 2006 as the source was found to be slightly oblong, caused by two components of similar spectral types. These two brown dwarfs, components C and D, have a separation of approximately 11 AU, and their mutual orbit likely takes on order of 150 years due to the small masses involved.

</doc>
<doc id="2918034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918034" title="83 Cancri">
83 Cancri

83 Cancri (83 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer. Its apparent magnitude is 6.61.

</doc>
<doc id="2918047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918047" title="Los Osos, California">
Los Osos, California

Los Osos is an Unincorporated community and a census-designated place located along the Pacific coast of San Luis Obispo County, California. The community is part of the 93402 and 93412 ZIP codes and area code 805. The population was 14,276 at the 2010 census.
Geography and ecology.
Los Osos is located at 35°19'0" North, 120°50'8" West (35.316795, -120.835605). The Elfin Forest, San Luis Obispo County is a notable natural area at Los Osos.
Description.
Los Osos is largely a bedroom community for San Luis Obispo, which is 10.6 miles east, and to a lesser extent, Morro Bay, which is 2.3 miles to the north. There is a small business district concentrated in just a few blocks along Los Osos Valley Road, and several shops servicing the Baywood section of Los Osos, near the bay. The rest of the town is almost entirely residential. Population is approximately 16,000 and total population at build-out is limited to approximately 26,000.
There are two roads connecting Los Osos to other communities: South Bay Boulevard, which leads to Morro Bay via Highway 1, and Los Osos Valley Road, which leads to San Luis Obispo. Inclement weather and road construction occasionally forces the closure of a route, possibly requiring detours to arrive at one's destination. This has been much less frequent since the Chorro Bridge replaced the Twin Bridges on South Bay Boulevard.
Los Osos serves as the entrance to Montaña de Oro State Park. Los Osos Valley Road reaches the coast at the south end of Estero Bay and continues south into the state park. Morro Bay State Park borders the northeast of the town. South Bay Boulevard travels through the middle of the park after it leaves Los Osos. Los Osos is also home to the Elfin Forest which sits on the southeast side of the estuary that sits between Los Osos and Morro Bay State Park.
Large groves of eucalyptus trees attract the annually migrating Monarch butterflies to Los Osos.
Los Osos' proximity to the Diablo Canyon Power Plant means that warning sirens are located throughout the town so that the residents will be warned if the power plant should suffer a meltdown or other adverse event. The sirens are also found in other cities nearby, including Morro Bay, San Luis Obispo and Avila Beach. Except for yearly tests, the sirens go largely unused.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 12.8 square miles (33.1 km²), 99.84% of it land, and 0.16% of it water.
Demographics.
Los Osos formerly was combined with the adjoining unincorporated area of Baywood Park to form the census-designated place of Baywood-Los Osos, but they were split into separate CDPs for the 2010 census. The 2010 United States Census reported that Los Osos had a population of 14,276. The population density was 1,116.7 people per square mile (431.2/km²). The racial makeup of Los Osos was 12,304 (86.2%) White, 79 (0.6%) African American, 97 (0.7%) Native American, 748 (5.2%) Asian, 18 (0.1%) Pacific Islander, 552 (3.9%) from other races, and 478 (3.3%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1,977 persons (13.8%).
The Census reported that 14,191 people (99.4% of the population) lived in households, 74 (0.5%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 11 (0.1%) were institutionalized.
There were 5,958 households, out of which 1,537 (25.8%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 3,039 (51.0%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 545 (9.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, 252 (4.2%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 315 (5.3%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 67 (1.1%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 1,595 households (26.8%) were made up of individuals and 717 (12.0%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38. There were 3,836 families (64.4% of all households); the average family size was 2.86.
The population was spread out with 2,557 people (17.9%) under the age of 18, 1,162 people (8.1%) aged 18 to 24, 3,056 people (21.4%) aged 25 to 44, 4,827 people (33.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 2,674 people (18.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.2 years. For every 100 females there were 95.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.6 males.
There were 6,488 housing units at an average density of 507.5 per square mile (196.0/km²), of which 4,034 (67.7%) were owner-occupied, and 1,924 (32.3%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.3%; the rental vacancy rate was 4.7%. 9,345 people (65.5% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 4,846 people (33.9%) lived in rental housing units.
Education.
Los Osos is part of the San Luis Coastal Unified School District, and is served by these public schools:
Total population is in excess of 14,000, making it the most populous coastal community between Point Buchon and Monterey County.
Prehistory.
Native American Chumash were the first inhabitants of the local area. These peoples relied partially on the harvesting of fish and shellfish (e.g. "Macoma nasuta") from Morro Bay. There is a large Chumash archaeological site on a stabilized sand dune in Los Osos dating to at least as early as 1200 AD. Cabrillo first encountered the Chumash in the year 1542.
Sewer controversy.
Since 1983 a section of the community of Los Osos (Prohibition Zone) has been under a septic tank discharge prohibition, Resolution 83-13, issued by the Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board in order to obviate the need for septic tanks within the Prohibition Zone because that part of the town's septic tanks are too numerous and concentrated to dissipate nitrates. A building moratorium within the Prohibition Zone became effective in 1989 as part of the discharge prohibition. San Luis Obispo County was the original authority in charge of building the Wastewater Treatment System. Although the design of the County's selected project was nearly complete they were unable to bring the project to fruition. In July 1997, the County appeared before the California Coastal Commission to address an appeal of the construction permit for the project. Due to voiced opposition at the meeting from members of the Los Osos/Baywood Park Community, the Commission postponed its decision until a full hearing could be held. In 1998 an election was held to form the Los Osos Community Services District (LOCSD) by residents as a response to the high cost of the original sewer proposal. The original billing for the sewer of $50 a month in 1984 and is now (2010) estimated to exceed $200 a month with the current estimated cost of construction of the facilities and collection system to be well over $150 million before tax and interest. On January 1, 1999, the District was established and assumed responsibility for constructing the project.
There was also a controversy about where the sewer should be built. A location in the center of Los Osos (once known as the Tri-W site after the names of the previous owners of the property, now called the Mid-Town site), was chosen partly because of a desire for an additional park. The County, Planning Commission and the Coastal Commission approved a sewer at the site after hearing critic's claims.
In August 2005, despite a pending recall election, the LOCSD began building a sewer at the Mid-Town site, contractors began work on the project and were advanced payments from State Revolving Fund loan. Following a recall election which replaced the majority of the LOCSD board and enactment of an initiative measure that would require relocation of the project, the new board stopped building the sewer, despite a letter warning them of severe consequences from the Regional Water Quality Control Board. However, in late 2006, the LOCSD started to work with Ripley Pacific, a contractor widely known for designing STEP/STEG systems.
In October 2005, the LOCSD defaulted on a low interest State Revolving Fund loan and the state subsequently refused to disburse additional funds and demanded immediate repayment. Project contractors filed suit for more than $23 million in lost profits and costs. The Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board has used its enforcement powers to impose fines against the district in the amount of $6.6 million for violation of the discharge prohibition emanating from three LOCSD owned sites. During February 2006 the Regional Water Quality Control Board, threatened it would begin to issue cease and desist orders to citizens of Los Osos, and may require recipients to pump their septic systems every three years, and to stop using them by 2011.
On August 25, 2006, the district filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection in federal court. While the district had enough money to cover day to day needs, they did not have enough money to cover their legal fees and consultant fees. This action stays the legal actions against the district related to money owed. Contractor lawsuits and other actions seeking monetary damages or claims against the district will be held in abeyance while the district addresses its financial situation.
Additionally, legislation has been approved by the California legislature that could return control of construction of the wastewater treatment facility to the County of San Luis Obispo but only after a due diligence period and a resolution by the County to accept the project. The legislation took the project away from the LOCSD. The LOCSD is still providing approximately one half of the town's drinking water, and is in charge of drainage, parks and recreation, street lighting, the contracting of fire, emergency and rescue services as well as solid waste services. The bill, AB 2701, was signed by the governor and went into effect January 1, 2007. A plan has been approved by the County Board of Supervisors, amended by the County Planning Commission pursuant to some of the objections raised by the community and its Community Advisory Council. The California Coastal Commission has denied the County a permit to proceed due to "Substantial Issues" that were cited during an appeals hearing. A De-Novo hearing is still pending. To date (April 2010) with more than $7 million spent the County has not voted to accept the project.
Origin of name.
On September 7 – 8, 1769, Gaspar de Portolà traveled through the San Luis Obispo area on his way to rediscover the Bay of Monterey. Finding an abundance of bears in the area, his diarist, Padre Juan Crespi, O.F.M., recorded that the name given the area by his soldiers was "Ilano de Los Osos" (literally, "Level of the Bears" or colloquially, "Bear Plain"). Translations of the Crespi Diary have called this area "La Cañada de Los Osos" ("The Canyon of the Bears") which has been further mistranslated to "El Vallejo de Los Osos" ("The Valley of the Bears"). The town took the simplified name "Los Osos" from this rich etymology.
The expedition was part of a plan by Spain to further colonize and map Alta California due to increasing colonization by the English on the East Coast of North America and the burgeoning presence of Russian traders on the West Coast. (See: Fort Ross, Russian-American Company.) de Portola's expedition was only one of four mandated by the Spanish Visitor General, José de Gálvez to map and explore Alta California in greater depth, following up on the previous expeditions, most notably the Cabrillo party in 1542 and that of Sebastián Vizcaíno, who vaguely mapped and described the Monterey Bay in 1602-3.
Notable people.
Art Clokey, famous for his stop motion clay animation like Gumby and Davey and Goliath.
Jerome Long, drafted by the Chiefs in the 7th round in the 2012 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="2918063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918063" title="Acacia ramulosa var. linophylla">
Acacia ramulosa var. linophylla

"Acacia ramulosa" var. "linophylla", commonly known as bowgada, wanderry mulga, horse mulga or sometimes wanyu, is a tree in the family Fabaceae. Widespread on loose red sand throughout south central Western Australia, it also occurs sporadically in South Australia.
Bowgada grows as a spreading shrub or low tree, up to four metres long and often wider than it is high. Like most "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are greyish green in colour, round in cross-section, and held almost vertically; they may be up to thirteen centimetres long and two millimetres in diameter. The flowers are yellow, and held in cylindrical clusters about two centimetres long. The pods are thick and woody, up to ten centimetres long and one centimetre wide, with deep fissures along their length.
Bowgada was formally named Acacia linophylla until 2001, when it was recognised as a variety of "Acacia ramulosa".

</doc>
<doc id="2918076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918076" title="Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority">
Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority

The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (LVCVA) is a public/private partnership that owns and operates the Las Vegas Convention Center, Cashman Center, and Cashman Field and is responsible for the advertising campaigns for the Clark County, Nevada area.
The fourteen member board is appointed by various elected governing bodies in the County. Funding is provided by a room tax on all hotels in the county and through building revenue from the Las Vegas Convention Center and Cashman Center. The Authority is responsible for "attracting visitors by promoting Las Vegas as the world's most desirable destination for leisure and business travel."
The organization recently won the Psychologically Healthy Workplace Award sponsored by the American Psychological Association.
Branding.
One of the primary tasks for the LVCVA is the promotion and branding of "Las Vegas". Since 2007, the "Las Vegas" brand is the second most recognized brand in the U.S. following Google.
The authority is also responsible for the advertising campaigns for Las Vegas and Southern Nevada. Working with the advertising company R&R Partners since 1982, they have developed iconic ad campaigns including:
What Happens here, stays here.
After the $1 sale of the "What Happens here, stays here" copyright to R&R Partners on November 9, 2004, the LVCVA paid $321,000 in attorney's fees because of an investigation into the legality of the controversial sale. The sale was later overturned by a federal judge who claimed that the sale was made without the knowledge of the board.
According to internal LVCVA documents the advertising campaign "What happens here, stays here" has had little impact as most people, about 70% stated to R&R (the advertising firm who created the ad and conducted the market research) that the slogan had no impact on their decision to visit Las Vegas. A recent study by Applied Analysis shows that the advertising efforts of the LVCVA return $26 for every $1 spent.
VegasMeansBusiness.com.
In March 2009, the LVCVA launched VegasMeansBusiness.com, a resource for the business community to keep up-to-date on the latest news and events in Las Vegas and the Meetings & Conventions industry. The website also promotes Las Vegas' attributes as a leading destination for meetings and conventions, including the 140,000 rooms and nearly of meeting space available and close proximity to McCarran International Airport. With Vegas known as the place built on big ideas, the LVCVA created VegasMeansBusiness.com to increase awareness around Las Vegas as the premiere location to foster innovation, new ideas and creativity.
Activities.
The authority works to bring events to the Las Vegas area, sometimes by providing funds to subsidize events. These events include:
Visitor Profile Study.
Since the mid-1970s, the LVCVA has published a Visitor Profile Study, based on thousands of personal interviews with visitors. The latest study (covering the year to 31 Dec 2007)shows that:
The LVCVA posts research publications about Las Vegas visitors at
Members.
The authority is governed by a 14 member board. Of those 8 are required to be elected officials and the other 6 are appointed by the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce and Nevada Resort Association.
Commissioner Clark County
Commission Office
Controversy.
The Nevada Policy Research Institute uncovered fiscal mismanagement with the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, a public agency in Las Vegas which is funded by visitor-paid room tax dollars. According to NPRI's investigation the LVCVA entered into a 10 year no-bid contract with R&R, a marketing firm, where R&R overcharged the LVCVA and despite the LVCVA uncovering the over-billing management refused to seek repayment. The LVCVA also allowed R&R to approve its own expenses, and failed to question or oversee most of the expenses being billed to them. The contract with R&R is worth $87 million, including a $40 million advertising contract, which includes a commission for R&R, where the LVCVA cannot identify R&R's expenses.
According to NPRI, the LVCVA is funded by the room tax ($220 million in revenue), taking in more money than the Clark County School District, and is also a state agency subject to state laws regarding employees, benefits, and travel expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="2918084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918084" title="Cripple Fight">
Cripple Fight

"Cripple Fight" (also known as "Cripple Fight!" ) is the second episode of the fifth season of the animated television series "South Park", and 67th episode of the series overall. "Cripple Fight" originally aired in the United States on June 27, 2001 on Comedy Central; and marks the first appearance of Jimmy Valmer. Kyle Broflovski is not in this episode. According to the DVD commentary of this episode, this episode is a favorite of South Park co-creator, Matt Stone.
Plot.
Stan, Cartman, Kenny, and Timmy have joined Mountain Scouts troop number 69 and are on their way to their first meeting. When they arrive, they find that their scoutmaster is Big Gay Al. The boys enjoy themselves at the meeting and decide that they like Mountain Scouts, but some parents fear that Big Gay Al will be a poor influence on the boys and that he may be a pedophile.
After a lifetime of membership, Big Gay Al is thrown out of Mountain Scouts. A new, masculine, scoutmaster named Mr. Grazier is appointed and he promises the parents he will whip the boys into line and make them good scouts, but proceeds to force them to pose for naked pictures with a threat to beat them up if they let this slip.
Meanwhile, Jimmy, a new handicapped boy, comes to town and also joins Mountain Scouts. Jimmy is a stand-up comedian and immediately becomes very popular. Timmy, the other handicapped boy in town, becomes incredibly jealous of the adoration given to the new kid. Timmy tries to undermine Jimmy in any way possible, including offering him an orange parka as a gift, in order to make him resemble Kenny (playing off the running gag that Kenny dies in almost every episode in the first few seasons) and even though Jimmy is nearly killed by a falling safe, a plane, a hawk, a fire, a stampede of cows, and gunshots from Jimbo and Ned, his efforts proved futile.
In an attempt to get rid of Mr. Grazier without giving away his secret, the boys assemble their own protest march all the way to the grocery store parking lot, and use Jimmy’s stand-up comedy to draw in a crowd. However, the performance goes sour when he tries to enlist Timmy’s participation, and Timmy refuses. Quickly, they break out into a lengthy fistfight. A very excited Cartman calls it a "cripple fight" and quickly gathers everyone to watch. From the outside, the crowd seems to be for the boy's protest, so it is picked up by the South Park media. A national controversy erupts as the Mountain Scouts are called a hate group by the media and prominent supporters like Steven Spielberg withdraw their support.
Big Gay Al sues the Mountain Scouts, while Mr. Grazier is revealed to be a pedophile who goes by the name "Mr. Slippyfist" and is arrested. Although the Colorado State Supreme Court rules in Big Gay Al's favor orders the Mountain Scouts to take him back, he refuses, saying that he loves scouts too much to impose his will on them, and while they should be talked into changing their mind and he begs people not to cut their funding or support for the scouts, adding that as the Scouts are a private organization, he believes it is their libertarian right to form their own policies on homosexuality. This causes Gloria Allred to brand Big Gay Al as a homophobe. At the same time, Kenny is carried off by an eagle (so it looks like, but in the end of episode, Kenny is in the Mountain Scout meeting with other kids totally alive and healthy).
At the scouts meeting at the end of the episode, Timmy brings up a photoshopped picture of Jimmy's head on an actual, non-animated man's body, embracing another man. Due to the scouts' views on homosexuality, Jimmy is booted out of the scouts. The episode ends with Timmy declaring "Timmy!" in delight.
Reaction.
In the recent UK poll Paramount Comedy's Top 10 Episodes, this episode was ranked number 8. "Park Life", the documentary accompanying the countdown, showcased how the positive characterisation of Big Gay Al in this episode is what earned it so much respect.
Inspirations.
The fight between Jimmy and Timmy is based on the fight between John Nada (Roddy Piper) and Frank Armitage (Keith David) in the 1988 film "They Live". When overdubbed with the audio from the film, the fight sounds and much of the dialogue match up almost perfectly with the animation.

</doc>
<doc id="2918088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918088" title="Roy De Maistre">
Roy De Maistre

Roy de Maistre CBE (27 March 18941 March 1968) was an Australian artist of international fame. He is renowned in Australian art for his early experimentation with "colour-music", and is recognised as the first Australian artist to use pure abstraction. His later works were painted in a figurative style generally influenced by Cubism. His 'Stations of the Cross' series hangs in Westminster Cathedral and works of his are hung in the Tate Gallery, London and in the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Early life.
Roy went by the name of Leroy Leveson Laurent Joseph De Maistre, but had been born as Leroy Livingstone de Mestre at Bowral, New South Wales on 27 March 1894 into a home of high social standing in the then Colony of New South Wales. He was the youngest son of Etienne Livingstone de Mestre (1832–1916), the thoroughbred racehorse trainer of the first two Melbourne Cup winners; and the grandson of Prosper de Mestre (1789–1844) a prominent Sydney businessman from 1818 to 1844.
De Maistre was educated, together with his brothers and sisters, by tutors and governesses at the family home near Sutton Forest. In 1913 Roy was sent to Sydney to continue his music and art studies. He studied the violin and viola at the New South Wales State Conservatorium of Music, including playing the viola in the Sydney Orchestra. He studied painting at the Royal Art Society of New South Wales under Antonio Dattilo-Rubbo who encouraged interest in Post-Impressionism, alongside fellow students Norah Simpson, Grace Cossington Smith and Roland Wakelin. Then he studied under Norman Carter and also at Julian Ashton's Sydney Art School.
World War I.
In 1916, as art-student Roi Livingstone de Mestre, he joined the First Australian Imperial Force. He was accepted three times after initially being rejected because his chest measurement was allegedly undersize. It appears to be indicative of the great desire of the armed forces to procure men for the World War I war effort that they would have considered accepting De Maistre once, let alone three times in short succession – and indicative of his great desire to serve in the war effort that he continually rejoined even after he had found himself too weak to cope with the workload. In May 1916 he was accepted for the first time but discharged a month later in June as medically unfit. He joined again one month later in July, but unable to cope physically at his own request he was discharged two months later in September. He joined yet once more one month later in October and was sent to the Field Hospital at Liverpool to train as a medical orderly. Then three months later in January 1917 he again requested a discharge as he felt that the work was beyond him. Due to his general weakness and debility his request for discharge was easily accepted. His general weakness and debility was due to tuberculosis that he had been able to keep hidden from the army doctors, one of whom even described his illness as congenital. Each time he joined up his illness had beaten him, and he had been unable to continue. Tuberculosis was the reason why he had earlier given up any idea of pursuing a music career, and had turned solely to painting.
Painting.
In November 1916, as Roi de Mestre, he first exhibited, showing Impressionist paintings concerned with the effects of light.
In 1917 he met Dr Charles Gordon Moffit from the Kenmore Hospital at Goulburn, with whom he was to work devising a "colour treatment" for shell-shocked soldiers by putting them in rooms painted in soothing colour combinations.
De Maistre developed an interest in "colour-music", the relationship of colour harmony to musical harmony. With his ordered, analytical mind, he applied the theory of music to painting. He worked with Adrian Verbrugghen, and then Roland Wakelin to devise a "colour-music" theory. In 1919 he held a joint exhibition with Roland Wakelin titled "Colour in Art" to expound his theories. In this (at the time controversial) art exhibition the musician-turned-painter had chosen colours to harmonise like the notes in music. This "colour-music" exhibition became part of Australia's art-folklore as "pictures you could whistle". Influenced by earlier exponents of "colour-music" theory in Europe and America, this exhibition has since been identified as the earliest experiment in pure abstractionism in Australia. His colour charts, showing musical notes corresponding to different hues, are now owned by the Art Gallery of New South Wales, with "colour music" gaining a permanent place in Australian art history.
Inter-war years.
After 1919 de Maistre virtually abandoned colour-music and abstraction, though in London in 1934 he reworked some of those same ideas. His paintings of 1921–22 are experiments in impersonal, unemotional tonalism, and from the 1930s he turned to a more recognisably figurative style of work generally influenced by Cubism.
In 1922 he had his first painting purchased by the Art Gallery of New South Wales, "Still Life".
In 1923 he went to Europe on a travelling Art Scholarship by the Sydney Society of Artists. He spent three years abroad, studying in London, and in France in Paris and Saint-Jean-de-Luz. He also visited Italy, Spain, Belgium, and the Netherlands. In 1924, whilst abroad, he patented the "De Maistre Colour Harmonising Chart", which was produced and marketed by Grace Brothers, a Sydney department store.
On returning to Sydney, he held one-man shows (1926 & 1928); contributed to annual exhibitions; conducted classes in modern art to private pupils from his studio in Burdekin House, Macquarie Street, Sydney; and organized in his house an exhibition of modern interior design (1929). From his family's prominent position in society, he helped to make modern art fashionable in Sydney in the late 1920s, or at least as fashionable as it could be. The anti-modernist criticism he received following his first one-man exhibition in Sydney convinced him that his art could not flourish in Australia.
London.
In March 1930 he left Australia to live permanently in London. He held one-man shows at the Beaux Arts Gallery, London (1930); in the studio of his colleague Francis Bacon (1930); at Bernheim Jeune, Paris (1932); Mayor Gallery, London (1934); and at Calmann Gallery, London (1938). His work was also illustrated in several editions of Herbert Read's influential book "Art Now". In 1931–32 he returned to Saint-Jean-de-Luz. In 1932–34 he visited Compiègne. In 1934 he conducted a painting school with Martin Block. In 1936 he set up studio at 13 Eccleston Street, Westminster.
Patrick White.
In 1936 De Maistre met the 18-years-younger novelist Patrick White. The two men never became lovers, but firm friends. In Patrick White's own words "He became what I most needed, an intellectual and aesthetic mentor". They had many similarities. They were both homosexual; they both felt like outsiders in their own families (for example De Maistre's family disapproved of his painting and described it as 'horrible'); as a result they both had ambivalent feelings about their families and backgrounds, yet both maintained close and lifelong links with their families, particularly their mothers. They also both appreciated the benefits of social standing and connections; and Christian symbolism and biblical themes are common in both artists' work. Patrick White dedicated his first novel "Happy Valley" (1939) to de Maistre, and acknowledged de Maistre's influence on his writing. He even went to Saint-Jean-de-Luz during the writing of the novel under encouragement from de Maistre. In 1947 De Maistre's painting "Figure in a Garden (The Aunt)" was used as the cover for the first edition of Patrick White's "The Aunt's Story". Patrick White also bought many of de Maistre's paintings for himself. In 1974 Patrick White gave all his paintings by de Maistre to the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Interestingly, in 1968, White wrote "The Vivisector", a searing character portrait of an artist. Many people drew links to the Sydney painter John Passmore (1904–84) and White's friend, the painter Sidney Nolan, but White denied these connections. Patrick White was an art collector who had, as a young man in London before World War II, been deeply impressed by his friends Roy De Maistre and Francis Bacon. Later White said he wished he had been an artist. White's elaborate, idiosyncratic prose was a writer's attempt to emulate painting. By the mid sixties he had also become interested in encouraging dozens of young and less established artists, such as James Clifford, Erica McGilchrist, and Lawrence Daws.
1940s.
In 1940 De Maistre started work for the French Section, Joint War Organization of the British Red Cross Society and the Order of St John, London. In 1942 he was posted to Foreign Relations Department, British Red Cross Society. During this time de Maistre scarcely painted. After World War II, however, he had become an artist of the establishment. He had no trouble selling his paintings, and continuing to accept private commissions for society portraits.
Having many years previously changed the spelling of his surname to de Maistre, believing the modern spelling suited a modern painter, by the 1950s he had also added the name Laurent. He added this new name mistakenly believing he had royal blood through his grandfather Prosper de Mestre supposedly via Julie de St Laurent, mistress of Edward Duke of Kent, the father of Queen Victoria. He had also changed the spelling of Livingstone to Leviston and then to Leveson. Eventually he also added the name Joseph, in acknowledgment of a connexion with the philosopher Joseph de Maistre.
1950s.
He exhibited with the Royal Academy of Arts from 1951 and was represented in Arts Council of Great Britain exhibitions. His work was bought for the Tate Gallery and other art museums, and was frequently discussed in the writings of Sir John Rothenstein.
In 1951 he was confirmed in the Roman Catholic faith. Religious subjects began after his conversion. His religious works stemmed from his profound Catholic belief in the truth of the images they represented, and his modern religious pictures were sought for public collections and exhibitions. In 1954 he began painting a series of "Stations of the Cross" for Westminster Cathedral. He also painted two triptychs for St Aidan's Church, East Acton. Besides religion his late painting often dwelt on interior intimacies of his studio home and its "artfully cluttered bric-à-brac". These included his finest works.
In 1954 he became a member of the London Group.
Awards and death.
In 1962 he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).
On 1 March 1968, De Maistre died at his home at 13 Eccleston Street, Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="2918094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918094" title="Follow-the-leader">
Follow-the-leader

In a marching band, follow-the-leader is a visual effect in which one band member follows the next. The move can be from side to side, front to back, or diagonal. Advanced follow-the-leader movements may have Bézier curves.
"Follow-the-leader" can also refer to a children's game where one child plays the "leader" and leads others around a playground or an area, making repetitive actions that the others subsequently follow.

</doc>
<doc id="2918104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918104" title="Secondary bronchus">
Secondary bronchus

Secondary bronchi (also known as lobar bronchi) arise from the primary bronchi, with each one serving as the airway to a specific lobe of the lung. 
Structure.
They have relatively large lumens that are lined by respiratory epithelium. There is a smooth muscle layer below the epithelium arranged as two ribbons of muscle that spiral in opposite directions. This smooth muscle layer contains seromucous glands. Irregularly arranged plates of hyaline cartilage surround the smooth muscle. These plates give structural support to the bronchus and maintain the patency of the lumen.
A bronchus has cartilage plates, smooth muscle, and mucus-secreting gland-cells in its wall. It also has lining cells with cilia departing towards the mouth; this removes dust and other small debris.

</doc>
<doc id="2918105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918105" title="Gamma Canis Majoris">
Gamma Canis Majoris

Gamma Canis Majoris (γ CMa, γ Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major. It has the traditional name Muliphein, not to be confused with "Muhlifain", which is Gamma Centauri; both names derive from the same Arabic root, محلفين "muħlifayn".
It is unclear exactly why this relatively faint star was given the "gamma" designation, but it is possibly because it is in the same part of the constellation as Sirius (alpha) and Murzim (beta).
γ Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type bright giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.11. It is approximately 402 light years from Earth. This star has 5.6 times the radius of the Sun and the outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 13,596 K.
Modern legacy.
Muliphein appears on the flag of Brazil, symbolizing the state of Rondônia.
"Muliphen" as the name of a warship.
The USS "Muliphen" (AKA-61) was once a U.S. Navy cargo ship.

</doc>
<doc id="2918115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918115" title="WTLW">
WTLW

WTLW is a religious and family-entertainment television station in Lima, Ohio. The station is owned by American Christian Television Services, and broadcasts its digital signal on UHF channel 44. It runs infomercials and religious programming before 5 p.m.; and family dramas, first-run talk shows, family movies, local sports programming, and reality shows after 5 p.m.
History.
WTLW has its roots in Christian radio station WTGN-FM, also in Lima. In 1976, WTGN solicited its listeners for seed money for a new television station. Before the station received FCC approval, however, WTGN opted not to own nor operate the new station, and the people behind the drive to get WTLW on the air decided to incorporate as American Christian Television Services, Inc.
The station chose a hangar at the former site of Lima Allen County Airport on Baty Road near Elida, northwest of Lima, to build a studio. The new studios, measuring 80 feet by 80 feet (24 m by 24 m), was believed by the station founders to be the largest television studio in Northwest Ohio. The hangar was converted into a television studio in 1980, through the efforts of volunteers.
On June 13, 1982, WTLW signed on the air.
The station's owner, American Christian Television Services, should not be confused with the American Christian Television System, a defunct television network, or Associated Christian Television System, owners of WACX in Orlando, Florida.
In 1988 the station expanded its focus from religious broadcasts to incorporate full length broadcasts of local high school basketball games. Eventually, football games were added as well. In the fall of 2010, WTLW launched a 24 hour all sports network on its digital sub-channel, 44.2. The station was called WOSN, standing for West Ohio Sports Network.
WOSN now covers 70 schools and several colleges and airs hundreds of full length sporting events throughout the year. WOSN is also home to several sports related shows - Sports Report, Big Sports Weekend, Buckeye Insider and Marks Madness. The majority of games aired on WOSN are football and basketball games, but Soccer, Volleyball, Tennis, Swimming, Softball, Baseball, Track, Bowling and even Soapbox Derby Racing have been featured.

</doc>
<doc id="2918116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918116" title="WAPCE">
WAPCE


</doc>
<doc id="2918119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918119" title="Zeta Canis Majoris">
Zeta Canis Majoris

Zeta Canis Majoris (ζ CMa, ζ Canis Majoris) is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation Canis Major. It has the traditional name Furud or Phurud, from the Arabic ألفرد "al-furud" meaning "the bright single ones" or, perhaps by a transcriber's error, from Al Ḳurūd (ألقرد - "al-qird"), the Apes, or Al Agribah (أل أغربة), the Raven by Al Sufi, referring to the surrounding small stars with some of those of Columba (ζ CMa, λ CMa, γ Col, δ Col, θ Col, κ Col, λ Col, μ Col and ξ Col). The Bayer designation Zeta Canis Majoris was assigned by German astronomer Johann Bayer in 1603.
This star system has an apparent visual magnitude of +3.0, making it one of the brighter stars in the constellation and hence readily visible to the naked eye. Parallax measurements from the Hipparcos mission yield a distance estimate of around from Earth. This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system, which means that the pair have not been individually resolved with a telescope, but the gravitational perturbations of an unseen astrometric companion can be discerned by shifts in the spectrum of the primary caused by the Doppler effect. The pair orbit around their common center of mass once every 675 days with an eccentricity of 0.57.
The primary component is a large star with nearly four times the Sun's radius and almost eight times the mass of the Sun. It has a stellar classification of B2.5 V, which means it is a B-type main sequence star that is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen at its core. It is emitting 3,603 times the luminosity of the Sun and is a suspected Beta Cephei variable. This energy is being radiated from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of about 18,700 K, giving it the blue-white hue of a B-type star. It is relatively young for a star, with an estimated age of 32 million years.

</doc>
<doc id="2918123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918123" title="Alex Tudor">
Alex Tudor

Alex Jeremy Tudor (born 23 October 1977 in Kensington) is an English cricketer who has spent two spells with Surrey as well as playing for Essex. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast bowler. He was awarded the NBC Denis Compton Award during the 1997 and 1998 season. A highly talented performer with bat and ball his career has been hampered by frequent injury trouble.
Tudor's Test debut came in the 1998/99 Ashes series in which he played solidly with the bat and further impressed selectors while bowling, winning the praise of his opponents, in particular Australia's captain Mark Taylor. His further contributions with the bat were the subject of much attention as he batted against New Zealand and hit 99 not out, the highest-ever score by an English nightwatchman, which led him towards a Cricket Writers' Club Young Cricketer of the Year award; batting partner Graham Thorpe received much ribbing from their Surrey team mates for not letting him reach a century.
Initial omission from the 2002/03 Ashes squad was over-ruled when he was selected above several injured players. Injuries in 2003 and 2004 followed, and despite his recovery being aided by visits to the German doctor Dr Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt, Tudor was released from his contract by Surrey at the end of the 2004 season. Essex gave him the chance to continue playing first-class cricket the following season, but it was to be another year blighted by injury. He managed to return to action in 2006, playing almost the full season.
In August 2008, after a season in which he had failed to hold down a regular place in the Essex side, the county announced that they would be releasing Tudor at the end of the season. Later that month, he returned to Surrey, initially as part of a loan deal. He holds the distinction of bowling one of the most expensive overs on record. Bowling for Surrey against Andrew Flintoff at Old Trafford in 1998 he went for 6–4–4–4–4–6–6–0 (34) and in bowling 2 no balls incurred, under ECB regulations at the time, four more penalty runs for a total of 38 runs in one over. He rejoined Surrey on 24 October 2008.
Alex continued to play for Nottinghams West Indian Cavaliers CC until 2012 but has rejoined his boyhood side of Spencer CC back in London. Along with playing PCA (of which he is an ambassador) and charity games Alex runs his own successful company Alex Tudor Coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="2918131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918131" title="Rabbitfish">
Rabbitfish

Rabbitfishes or spinefoots are perciform fishes in the family Siganidae. The 28 species are in a single genus, Siganus. In some now obsolete classifications, the species having prominent face stripes—colloquially called foxfaces–are in the genus "Lo". Other species, such as the masked spinefoot ("S. puellus"), show a reduced form of the stripe pattern. Rabbitfishes are native to shallow waters in the Indo-Pacific, but "S. luridus" and "S. rivulatus" have become established in the eastern Mediterranean via Lessepsian migration. It can be used in the preparation of "bagoong".
Description and ecology.
The largest rabbitfish grows to about , but most species only reach between . All have large, dark eyes and small, somewhat rabbit-like mouths, which gives them their name. Most species have either bright colors or a complex pattern.
Another unusual feature among rabbitfishes is their pelvic fins, which are formed from two spines, with three soft rays between them. The dorsal fin bears 13 spines with 10 rays behind, while the anal fin has seven spines and nine rays behind; the fin spines are equipped with well-developed venom glands. All rabbitfish are diurnal; some live in schools, while others live more solitary lives among the corals. They are herbivorous, feeding on benthic algae in the wild. They are pelagic spawners. Many are fished for food, and the more colorful species—especially the foxfish – are often kept in aquaria.
In aquaria, they eat a variety of fresh vegetables and algae. Care must be taken during aquarium maintenance and cleaning, as rabbitfishes are often easily frightened and will use their venomous spines in defense. Their venom is not life-threatening to adult humans, but causes severe pain.
Taxonomy.
In 2007 Kurriwa "et al.", outlined a way to split the genus—if the scientific community so desires:
Other lineages might exist and make obsolete the somewhat weak distinction between the second and third groups. Also, it is not known where the type species "S. rivulatus" would fall, hence names for these three subgenera or genera are not established at present.
Hybridizaton has played a role in the evolution of the Siganidae, as evidenced by comparison of mtDNA cytochrome "b" and nDNA internal transcribed spacer 1 sequence data. Evidence exists of interbreeding between "S. guttatus" and "S. lineatus", as well as between "S. doliatus" and "S. virgatus".
Also, either females of the last common ancestor of "S. puellus" and the "S. punctatus" interbred with females ancestral to the main non-foxface lineage, or males of the former hybridized with females of the last common ancestor of "S. punctatissimus" and the foxfaces, while males of the latter mated with females of the original foxface species.
An individual was found that looked like a slightly aberrant blue-spotted spinefoot ("S. corallinus"). On investigation, it turned out to be an offspring of a hybrid between a female of that species and a male masked spinefoot, which had successfully backcrossed with the blue-spotted spinefoot.
Species.
As noted above, several presumed species are suspected to actively interbreed even today; these might warrant merging as a single species. This applies to the white-spotted spinefoot ("S. canaliculatus") and the mottled spinefoot ("S. fuscescens"), and to the blotched foxface ("S. unimaculatus") and the foxface rabbitfish ("S. vulpinus"). Alternatively they might be very recently evolved species that have not yet undergone complete lineage sorting, but their biogeography suggests that each group is just color morphs of a single species. On the other hand, the morphologyically diverse Blue-spotted Spinefoot ("S. corallinus") might represent more than one species; orange individuals are found at the north of its range, while yellow ones occur to the south, and these two may be completely parapatric. Some species of spinefoot have a very painful sting on each of their barbs, but some are a good eating fish.

</doc>
<doc id="2918132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918132" title="Henry T. Yang">
Henry T. Yang

Henry Tzu-Yow Yang () has served as the chancellor of the University of California, Santa Barbara since 1994. He was formerly the Neil A. Armstrong Distinguished Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics at Purdue University, where he also served as the dean of engineering for ten years. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and a Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the American Society for Engineering Education, and the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. 
He holds a bachelor of science degree in civil engineering from National Taiwan University, a master's degree in structural engineering from West Virginia University, and a Ph.D. in structural engineering from Cornell University, as well as honorary doctorates from Purdue University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, National Taiwan University, City University of Hong Kong, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, West Virginia University, and Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He is a recipient of the Benjamin Garver Lamme Medal from the American Society of Engineering Education and the 2008 Structures, Structural Dynamics, and Materials Award from the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. 
Yang has served on scientific advisory boards for the Department of Defense, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, NASA, and the National Academy of Engineering. He is the current chair of the Association of Pacific Rim Universities, and a past chair of the Association of American Universities. He serves on the President’s Committee for the National Medal of Science and the Kavli Foundation board, and is chairman of the board for the Thirty Meter Telescope project. 
Yang specializes in aerospace structures, structural dynamics, composite materials, finite elements, transonic aeroelasticity, wind and earthquake structural engineering, and intelligent manufacturing systems. He has authored or co-authored 170 articles for scientific journals, as well as a widely used textbook on finite element structural analysis. He has guided 54 Ph.D. and 20 M.S. recipients. In addition to his role as chancellor, he is also a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Santa Barbara, and continues to teach an undergraduate engineering course each year. He is currently supervising three Ph.D. students with support from National Science Foundation grants. He is also a co-principal investigator for the Mathematics, Engineering, Science Achievement (MESA) program of the University of California.

</doc>
<doc id="2918142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918142" title="Pheasant Lane Mall">
Pheasant Lane Mall

Pheasant Lane Mall, occupying , is one of the largest shopping malls in the state of New Hampshire and the focal point of the commercial area in south Nashua. 
Currently, the mall has more than 140 stores and kiosks, including five anchor stores: Sears, JCPenney, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Target, plus 15 restaurants. As of 2012, it is owned and managed by Simon Property Group of Indianapolis. 
Located just south of Exit 1 of the F.E. Everett Turnpike/U.S. Route 3 in Nashua and directly at northbound exit-only Exit 36 of US 3 in Tyngsborough, Massachusetts, the property straddles the state line, although the entire mall is in New Hampshire. 
Proximity to the border has long drawn shoppers from Massachusetts seeking to take advantage of New Hampshire's lack of a sales tax.
Approximately 1/3 of the parking lot and water runoff area is located in Tyngsborough. Shoppers who park in front of the Sears entrance closer to the Joe's American Bar and Grill walk across the state line in front of the building on the sidewalk to get to and from their cars. Some people who park in the southwestern portion of the JCPenney parking lot park their cars in both New Hampshire and Massachusetts at once. The JCPenney store has an unusual pentagonal shape at the state line to keep it entirely within New Hampshire by a few inches. If the store still had a square corner at its south end, the entire mall would be subject to Massachusetts sales taxes, even with only a few inches of the structure in Massachusetts.
History.
The mall site was first re-zoned by the Nashua Board of Aldermen in December 1978 with the intention of clearing the way for primary owners Yankee Greyhound Inc. to build a major regional retail center on the site. By early 1984, the property was owned by State Properties of New England, previously a minority owner; ground work had been started and steel had been ordered. After more than two years of construction, Pheasant Lane Mall opened on July 23, 1986. The site was previously a drive-in movie theatre, and for several years following its opening, the former movie screen was used to display the double pheasant logo of the mall. The resulting mall development transformed South Nashua. It turned the southeastern portion of the city, roughly conforming to the city's 8th ward, from a sparsely populated outlier area into a swath of financial, retail and high-density residential development that stretches from over the state border in Tyngsborough, Massachusetts, to Exit 3 of the Everett Turnpike, just south of Rivier College. 
The rise of South Nashua spurred by Pheasant Lane Mall has elevated Nashua's municipal identity beyond gateway to New Hampshire, and helped create its current status as part of the Greater Boston economic area, and a hub for surrounding bedroom communities.
The nature of building on a border between a state with no sales tax (New Hampshire) and a state with one (Massachusetts) was shown in the changing plans and problems. Originally, the mall was to straddle the border, with retail on the no-sales-tax side. Restaurants were to be on the opposite end, since Massachusetts has a lower meals tax. However, the government of Massachusetts declared all customers, in all stores, would have to pay sales tax to Massachusetts. Therefore, the mall was redesigned so that all stores and restaurants were on the New Hampshire side of the border.
However, the site lines had been drawn up incorrectly, placing one corner of the JCPenney building in Massachusetts. Consequently, the corner of JCPenney was cut off and re-bricked into its current pentagonal shape.
Former anchors were Jordan Marsh and Lechmere. The Jordan Marsh location was occupied in spring 1996 by Macy's, which then moved in early 2006 into the space formerly taken by Filene's. The original Jordan Marsh location in the mall is now occupied by Dick's Sporting Goods and restaurants Burtons Grill and Red Robin. Lechmere closed in fall 1997 and was rebuilt into the Target store in fall 1999.
Future developments.
In 2011, mall officials announced that Pheasant Lane would undergo a $10 million renovation. Plans for renovating had been discussed many times during the two prior years, but the recession delayed the project. Among the changes will be a redesign of the food court, new lighting and fixtures, ceramic tiles and carpeting, as well as an expansion to the number of retailers and restaurants. The renovations were finished by September 2012.
Discussions for an Amtrak station beside the mall are ongoing as of March 2011, after plans for extending Pan Am tracks from Boston to Concord fell through.

</doc>
<doc id="2918144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918144" title="Theta Canis Majoris">
Theta Canis Majoris

Theta Canis Majoris (θ CMa, θ Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
θ Canis Majoris is an orange K-type giant with an apparent magnitude of +4.08 located approximately 252 light years from Earth. This star is about the same mass as the Sun, but it has 30 times the Sun's radius.and is thought to be around 8 billion years old. 

</doc>
<doc id="2918147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918147" title="Iota Canis Majoris">
Iota Canis Majoris

Iota Canis Majoris (ι CMa, ι Canis Majoris) is a star in the constellation Canis Major.
Iota Canis Majoris is a blue-white B-type bright giant with a mean apparent magnitude of +4.36. It is approximately 3100 light years from Earth. This star has 24.9 times the radius of the Sun. It is classified as a Beta Cephei type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude +4.36 to +4.40 with a period of 1.92 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2918152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918152" title="José Buscaglia Guillermety">
José Buscaglia Guillermety

José Buscaglia Guillermety (born in 1938) is an educator and sculptor. He is a Fellow of the National Sculptor Society and a founding member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences of Puerto Rico.
Background.
Buscaglia was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. His father Rafael was a lawyer, banker and an influential political figure within the ranks of The Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico. Besides being one of the co-founders of the party and the founder of the Banco Gubernamental of Fomento, he also held the cabinet position of Treasurer. Buscaglia's mother, Josefina Guillermety, was a student of noted opera singer Antonio Paoli. 
The family lived in the Santurce neighborhood of San Juan and also had a farm in Comerio, a town located in the central mountains of the island. There he came into constant contact with nature and peasant culture. On one occasion when he was six years old, his father went on a trip to New York City and when with a box of modeling clay. Young José became fascinated with the gift and started to model human figures with it. His father recognized that his young son had a talent for sculpting and in 1946 enrolled him in an arts school where he was to take lessons from Ismael D'Alzina. After attending his regular school, he would go to the arts school and take six hours of sculpting classes per day.
Education.
Buscaglia received his primary and secondary education at the Sacred Heart Academy of Santurce graduating in 1956. He then attended Harvard University where he was the first person to receive a Bachelors in Fine Arts (1960). He spent his junior year abroad in Barcelona, Spain where he became a disciple of Catalan sculptor Enric Monjo. After graduating from Harvard he returned to Spain to complete his apprenticeship with Monjo.
Professional Career.
Buscaglia returned to Puerto Rico in 1962 and was commissioned by the Government of Puerto Rico to erect a monument in the likeness of the late governor Jesus T. Piñero. He was hired by the University of Puerto Rico and held the position of Director of Fine Arts at various periods between 1962 and 1979.
In 1979 he was instrumental in the development and design of an experimental program, sponsored by the Venezuelan Government and Harvard University, that became known as "Project Intelligence".
Main Sculptural Works.
Buscaglia has created over forty monuments which can be found in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United States. His works has been exhibited at Yale University, Harvard University, Rockefeller Center, the U.S. Department of Education in Washington, D.C., Hostos Community College in NYC, Barcelona and Madrid.
His principal works include:
Awards.
On July 31, 2004, In Providence, Rhode Island, the Puerto Rican Day Parade and Festival Organization presented José Buscaglia Guillermety with the "Artistic Excellence Award".
Relations.
Buscaglia is married to Inés Salgado Nieves (San Juan, 1940) and has five children: José, Rafael, Gian Carlo,Gina María and Piero. José F. Buscaglia-Salgado is the Director of the Program in Caribbean, Latin American and Latino Studies and a Full Professor in the Department of Transnational Studies at the University at Buffalo. Gian Carlo Buscaglia is a prominent Latin musician, composer, singer and guitarist in the Boston metropolitan area.

</doc>
<doc id="2918156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918156" title="Robert Dickerson">
Robert Dickerson

Robert Henry Dickerson, AO (born 30 March 1924) is an Australian figurative painter and former member of the Antipodeans group of artists. Dickerson is one of Australia's most recognised figurative artists and one of a generation of influential artists who include Ray Crooke, Charles Blackman, Laurence Hope, Margaret Olley and Inge King.
Professional artist.
Dickerson is a self-taught artist who refused to go to art school. His art has been described as angular and high contrast chiaroscuro and executed in a range of materials including paint, pastels, charcoals and other graphic media.
The inspiration for his art comes from everyday life and he draws on the themes of loneliness, vulnerability and isolation. Lone characters with long noses and whimsical, often averted eyes feature heavily of his work. He says it is "the same style I've always used," and does not intend to change it.
In November 1955, art patron John Reed published an article in Ern Malley's Journal (Vol 2) which described Dickerson's work as containing "a new sense of beauty, a new truth". But his break as a professional artist came in 1954 when the National Gallery of Victoria purchased his work "Man Asleep On The Steps". In 1959 he joined Charles Blackman, Arthur Boyd and John Molvig, to form the Antipodeans – a group of figurative artists making a statement opposing abstractionism in their day. According to the former deputy director of the National Gallery of Victoria, Frances Lindsay, members of this group continue to be 'productive and innovative after many decades of practice.
Early life.
Robert Dickerson was born in 1924 and grew up in Sydney during the 1930s Depression era. By the time he was 14 he was working in a factory while he trained as a boxer. He toured for four years with the Jimmy Sharman Boxing Troupe. "Boxing was purely about money. I was earning 16 shillings (A$1.60) working a 44-hour week and could make two to five pounds (A$4 to A$10) if I won a fight. Minutes in the ring seemed like years, but you cope with what you have to and we needed the money – badly."
Dickerson took up drawing at the age of five, mainly aeroplanes and warships. Later the people in streetscapes became his subject matter. He joined the RAAF as a guard and continued to sketch in his spare time. Inspired by Somerset Maugham's novel "The Moon and Sixpence" he spent the time painting island children using tent canvas and camouflage paint.
Back in Australia he resumed a life of poverty. By the age of 30, he was married with three small children. He shovelled coal to provide for the family, painting at weekends. Later the family lived in a caravan. He continued to find time to paint and, by the end of the 1950s, his work was being noticed.
He turned professional at 35 when he won 100 pounds ($200) in the 1957 "Australian Women's Weekly" fridge decorating competition. A small fortune then, the prize allowed him to buy more art materials and extend his techniques. Until then he had used whatever materials were available.
He enjoyed art so much that he decided to make a living out of it. Some people liked his art however others didn't. He first met art when he was three at a horse show.
In the mid-1960s Dickerson remarried, had two more children and, despite a drinking problem, continued to paint. The marriage lasted eight years, with three more years fighting for custody of their children. He moved to Brisbane, showing at Johnsone Gallery, travelled, exhibited – at times in London, returned to Sydney and finally settled at Nowra.
Today Dickerson works from his studio in Nowra, New South Wales. He paints full-time, breeds race horses, and lives with his third wife Jennifer, who is also his business manager. His passion for breeding and racing horses was recognised when he was appointed artist-in-residence at Moonee Valley Race Club for the 2001–02 season. He has several children and stepchildren, 17 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.
See also.
Visual arts of Australia

</doc>
<doc id="2918157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918157" title="Metro-Cross">
Metro-Cross

Gameplay.
The player must take control of a man known only as Runner, who is given a time limit to run through each of the game's thirty-two rounds while avoiding obstacles and collecting drink cans. The actual running happens automatically: the job of the player is to avoid the obstacles and collect the cans by moving the Runner with the stick and adjusting his speed accordingly.
If the Runner finishes the round within the time limit, the remaining time will be awarded to him as bonus points and he will proceed to the next round. Every fourth round is special, using the remaining time from the three previous ones as additional time. However, if the Runner has not finished the round by the time the time limit runs out, he will be electrocuted and the game will immediately be over.
Obstacles along the way include Slip Zones which will slow the Runner down if he tries to cross over them, Pitfalls which will break under the Runner's weight and drop him into the holes beneath them, and Crackers which will launch the Runner up into the air and cause him to land on his back. Later rounds also feature Jumbo Tires that bounce towards the Runner, Walls that emerge from the ground before receding back into it, Cubes that move through particular columns of tiles, Mice that attempt to jump onto the Runner and slow him down, and Chess Knights and Kings that bounce from one tile to another.
The rounds also feature Springboards, which can be used to propel the Runner forward at a great speed. Some rounds have a special layout of Springboards, where it is possible to use one Springboard to land directly on the second one. Some other rounds also feature Skateboards which will speed the Runner up and make him immune to Slip Zones. There are also two different types of drink cans; kicking them will either gain the player bonus points (from 100 to 5000) or speed the Runner up, but jumping on them will stop the timer for a few seconds.
Ports.
The game was successfully converted to various home formats, including the Commodore 64, Atari ST, Amstrad CPC, NES and the ZX Spectrum. It appears on "Namco Museum Volume 5" for PlayStation and "Namco Museum Virtual Arcade" for Xbox 360. A high definition sequel called "Aero-Cross" was being developed for the Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network as part of the Namco Generations line until it was cancelled along with the Namco Generations brand itself being discontinued; multiple players would have been able to play simultaneously, similar to Konami's "Hyper Olympic" games.

</doc>
<doc id="2918168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918168" title="Tamil Murasu">
Tamil Murasu

Tamil Murasu (தமிழ் முரசு) is a Singapore based Tamil language newspaper. Launched in 1935 by Thamizhavel G. Sarangapani, Tamil Murasu is Singapore's only Tamil language newspaper. It is one of the sixteen newspapers in Singapore. 
Tamil Murasu is the main information source for the Indian community, with its coverage of wide-ranging news, from current affairs to local and foreign news as well as the latest in sports and entertainment, in addition to its strong coverage on news from the Indian community and the Indian sub-continent. The newspaper has established itself as a voice for the Tamil speaking community in Singapore.
Market Coverage.
Readership* 54,000 (Print + Digital)
Circulation^ 16,000 (Mon-Sun)
^ Average Circulation Jan-Nov 2013

</doc>
<doc id="2918170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918170" title="Georges Mandel">
Georges Mandel

Georges Mandel (5 June 1885 – 7 July 1944) was a French journalist, politician, and French Resistance leader.
Biography.
Born Louis George Rothschild in Chatou, Yvelines, he was the son of a tailor and his wife. His family was Jewish originally from Alsace. They moved into France in 1871 to preserve their French citizenship when Alsace-Lorraine was annexed by the German Empire at the end of the Franco-Prussian War.
Early career.
Mandel began working life as a journalist for "L'Aurore", a literary and socialist newspaper founded in 1897 by Émile Zola and Georges Clemenceau. They notably defended Alfred Dreyfus during the Dreyfus Affair of the 1890s. The paper continued until 1916.
As Minister of the Interior, Clemenceau later brought Mandel into politics as his aide. Described as "Clemenceau's right-hand man," Mandel helped Clemenceau control the press and the trade union movement during the First World War.
Inter-war period.
In 1919 Mandel was elected to the Chamber of Deputies from Gironde. In September that year, he was delegated to try to draw the government out of its noncommittal attitude towards the bastardized system of proportional representation passed by both houses of the National Assembly earlier in the year. He lost his seat when the "Cartel des Gauches" swept the 1924 elections, but was returned to office in 1928. By 1932, he had become the Chairman of the Chamber's universal suffrage committee. Its actions led to passage of legislation enfranchising women, although the proposal was an anathema to the Senate.
In 1934, Mandel was appointed as Minister of Posts (1934–1936) and oversaw the first official television transmission in French.
Mandel was an economic conservative and an outspoken opponent of Nazism and Fascism. In the 1930s, he played a similar role to that of Winston Churchill in the United Kingdom, highlighting the dangers posed by the rise of Adolf Hitler in Germany. He opposed Pierre Laval's plan to partition Ethiopia following its invasion by Benito Mussolini's Italy (the Second Italo–Abyssinian War of 1935-1936). Mandel advocated a French military alliance with the Soviet Union and opposed the Munich Agreement.
During the 1936 Albert Sarraut government, Mandel served as both Minister of Posts and High Commissioner for Alsace and Lorraine. After the fall of the Popular Front government, he served from 1938 as Minister of Overseas France and her Colonies until 18 May 1940, when Premier Paul Reynaud appointed him, briefly, as Minister of the Interior.
German invasion.
In September 1939, after the outbreak of the German-Polish War, Mandel argued that the French Army should fight an offensive war. Mandel was accused by some on the right of being a warmonger and of placing his Jewish ancestry above France's interests.
Mandel opposed the Armistice with the rapidly advancing Germans. On 16 June 1940 in Bordeaux, Mandel was arrested "while lunching at the Chapon Fin restaurant... He is released shortly afterwards, however, with apologies, upon urgent representations to Premier Petain made jointly and in person" by Édouard Herriot and Jules Jeanneney. Shortly thereafter, the British general Edward Spears, Churchill's military liaison officer, offered Mandel the chance to leave on his plane, together with Charles de Gaulle. Mandel declined, saying: "You fear for me because I am a Jew. Well, it is just because I am a Jew that I will not go tomorrow; it would look as though I was afraid, as if I was running away."
Mandel sought to persuade Albert Lebrun, the President of the Republic, the presidents of the Chamber of Deputies and of the Senate, and as many members of the Cabinet as possible to travel to French North Africa, to continue the fight against the Germans. Only 25 other deputies and one senator embarked with Mandel on the "Massilia" on 21 June, including Pierre Mendès France and the former Popular Front education minister, Jean Zay, both of whom also had Jewish ancestry.
Capture, detention and death.
Mandel was arrested on 8 August 1941 in Morocco by General Charles Nogues on the orders of Pierre Laval, Prime Minister of the Vichy government. He was conveyed to the Château de Chazeron via Fort du Portalet, where Paul Reynaud, Édouard Daladier and General Maurice Gamelin were also being held prisoner. Churchill tried unsuccessfully to arrange Mandel's rescue. He described Mandel as "the first resister" and is believed to have preferred him over Charles de Gaulle to lead the Free French Forces. Following pressure from the Germans and trials in Riom, all four were sentenced to life imprisonment on 7 November 1941.
In November 1942, after the German Army moved into unoccupied France and took it over, the Vichy government transferred Mandel and Reynaud to the Gestapo. The Nazis took over the former Free Zone to counter the threat from the Allies, who had just landed in North Africa. The Gestapo deported Mandel to Oranienburg, and then to Buchenwald, where he was held with the French politician Léon Blum.
In 1944 the German Ambassador in Paris, Otto Abetz suggested to Laval that Mandel, Blum, and Reynaud should be executed by the Vichy government in retaliation for the assassination of Philippe Henriot, Minister of Propaganda, by the Algiers Committee, the Communist Maquis of the Resistance. Mandel was returned to Paris on 4 July 1944, supposedly as a hostage. While being transferred from one prison to another, he was captured by the Milice, the paramilitary force.
Three days later, the Milice took Mandel to the Forest of Fontainebleau, where they executed him. He was buried at Passy Cemetery.
Laval was appalled and protested that he could not condone the execution: "I have no blood on my hands...and no responsibility for these events." He added that the members of the Vichy Cabinet were unanimous "in favour of refusing to hand over any hostages in future or to condone reprisals of this nature." Both Laval and Robert Brasillach, a French Fascist who had called for Mandel's trial or execution, were ultimately executed.
Legacy and honours.
A monument to Mandel was erected near the site of his execution, next to the road connecting Fontainebleau to Nemours.

</doc>
<doc id="2918174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918174" title="Tertiary bronchus">
Tertiary bronchus

The tertiary bronchi (also known as the segmental bronchi) arise from the secondary bronchi. The respiratory epithelium lining their lumen is surrounded by a layer of smooth muscle. This layer is composed of two ribbons of smooth muscle that spiral in opposite directions. The smooth muscle layer is surrounded by irregular plates of hyaline cartilage which help maintain the patency of the airway.
Each of the tertiary bronchi serves a specific bronchopulmonary segment. There are 10 tertiary bronchi in the right lung, and eight in the left.
The tertiary bronchi get smaller and divide into bronchioles.
References.
Gartner, Leslie P. and James L. Hiatt. Color Textbook of Histology, 2nd ed. (2001). ISBN 0-7216-8806-3

</doc>
<doc id="2918177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918177" title="Jenny Nimmo">
Jenny Nimmo

Jenny Nimmo (born 15 January 1944) is a British author of children's books including many fantasy and adventure novels, chapter books, and picture books. Born in England, she has lived in Wales for most of forty years. Probably she is best known for two series of fantasy novels: "The Magician Trilogy" (1986 to 1989), contemporary stories rooted in Welsh myth, and "Children of the Red King" (2002 to 2010), featuring Charlie Bone and other magically endowed school children. 
"The Snow Spider", first of the Magician books, won the second annual Nestlé Smarties Book Prize and the 1987 Tir na n-Og Award as the year's best original-English-language book with "authentic Welsh background". "The Stone Mouse" was highly commended for the 1993 Carnegie Medal and several others of her books have been well-received or shortlisted for children's book awards.
Biography.
Jenny Nimmo was born in Windsor, England. She was an only child, and her father died when she was five. She was a voracious reader as a child, which led her to write her own stories to share with friends.
After working for a time in theatre, Nimmo worked for several years with the BBC. Part of that time was spent adapting other writers' stories for television including 40 episodes (eight "stories") for "Jackanory" readings. Her first book, "The Bronze Trumpeter", began life as a television script. It was published by Angus & Robertson in January 1975.
That year, Nimmo married David Wynn Millward, an artist and illustrator. Their two daughters and one son were born 1975 to 1980. She currently lives in Wales, sharing her time between writing and helping her husband with a summer art school.
Millward is the writer or illustrator of a few published books himself, including four collaborations with Nimmo (1994–2000, marked ‡ below). Nimmo and their younger daughter Gwen Millward have collaborated on one picture book written by Jenny and illustrated by Gwen, "The Beasties" (Egmont UK, 2010). Gwen's first published book as both writer and illustrator was "Bear and Bird" (Egmont, September 2012).
Writer.
Charlie Bone and the Red King.
Her best-known work may be "Children of the Red King", also known as the Charlie Bone series or Red King series, in which Charlie Bone's magical talent embroils him in the sinister intrigues of his new school. , "Charlie Bone" titles had been published in nine foreign-language editions and translations into eleven other languages were in progress.
Originally it was the Red King Quintet after which Nimmo contracted for a new trilogy. The story climaxes in the fifth book and again in the eighth. Recently there is a new "Red King" series.
Publications.
Novels.
There are eight books in the series, all first published by Egmont Press in British trade paperback editions with cover art by David Wyatt.
Five volumes have variant titles in the United States.
In Britain this series has been published in one volume entitled "The Snow Spider Trilogy".
‡ Four 55- to 64-page books are illustrated by Nimmo's husband David Wynn Millward (1994 to 2000).
Adaptations.
"The Snow Spider" and its sequels were adapted for television by the screenwriter Julia Jones, as three miniseries that HTV aired 1989 to 1991. The series introduced Osian Roberts as Gwyn Griffiths with Siân Phillips as grandmother Nain Griffiths, Robert Blythe and Sharon Morgan as his parents, and Gareth Thomas as Mr. Llewellyn.

</doc>
<doc id="2918178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918178" title="Hershey's Chocolate World">
Hershey's Chocolate World

Hershey’s Chocolate World is the name of 7 visitor centers which started in Hershey, Pennsylvania, United States. Another installation is coming on June 3, 2014 to New York-New York Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas Strip, Nevada, United States. Open year-round, Hershey's Chocolate World offers marketplace shops and restaurants, specializing in Hershey's chocolate products. Attractions include Hershey's Great Chocolate Factory Mystery IN 4D, the Hershey Trolley Works, Factory Works Experience, and a free Chocolate Tour ride.
Hershey's Chocolate World is located off of Hersheypark Drive, in Hershey, PA, and is in an entertainment complex which also includes Hersheypark, Hersheypark Stadium, Hersheypark Arena, Hershey Museum, and Giant Center. The Las Vegas location will be located where the Broadway Theatre used to be.
Although Hersheypark and Chocolate World are in the same complex, both operate independently of each other. Chocolate World is owned by The Hershey Company while Hersheypark is owned by Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company (HERCO). However, The Hershey Company and HERCO are both owned by the Hershey Trust Company.
Parking is available via a separate lot which is free for the first three hours only, or via the Hersheypark parking lot (when the park is open), which offers a tram service to and from Hershey's Chocolate World. While the facility is open year-round (except Christmas), hours vary depending on the season, ranging anywhere from 9 am to 11 pm.
History.
Hershey's Chocolate World was built as a replacement of the Hershey chocolate plant tour, which had reached its capacity and was no longer able to handle the large numbers of visitors per year. A large sign in front of the factory tells visitors to go to Hershey's Chocolate World for the chocolate-making tour. The newly opened facility took inspiration from World's Fair pavilions.
In 1979, a mosaic from the original Hershey Creamery was moved to Chocolate World. It was placed next to the entrance of the ride, and lasted until 1999, when the retail area named Everything Hershey's was opened. Over the years, the tour ride has gone through several revisions and renovations, the first of which took place in 1978 to add a series of nostalgic shops to the building. On June 1, 1986, the visitor's center welcomed its 20 millionth visitor.
A $4.5 million update to the chocolate-making tour ride opened in 1988, featuring a curious robot for a host. In the mid-1990s, the ride saw numerous revisions on a small scale, including the removal of several show elements. The last renovation occurred in early 2006 when several scenes in the chocolate tour ride were replaced with singing, animatronic cows. Today, there are still portions of the ride that have changed very little from the 1978 updated version, including the sorting and cleaning, roll refining, and chocolate conch scenes.
The building features brownstone quarried out of Hummelstown, a neighboring town.
Current attractions.
The rest of Hershey's Chocolate World contains various shops selling Hershey souvenirs and chocolate, and several counter service meal locations (Dessert Creation Studio, Hershey's Courtyard Food Court, and Hershey's Ice Cream Shop). The main candy store is one of the largest stores of its kind in the world selling Hershey's products including new items not widely released, and premium chocolate brands like Scharffen Berger Chocolate.

</doc>
<doc id="2918189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918189" title="Bell Island Airport">
Bell Island Airport

Bell Island Airport , is located on Bell Island, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918193" title="Black Tickle Airport">
Black Tickle Airport

Black Tickle Airport , is northwest of Black Tickle, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918194" title="YBI">
YBI

YBI may refer to,

</doc>
<doc id="2918199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918199" title="Cartwright Airport">
Cartwright Airport

Cartwright Airport is southwest of Cartwright, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918201" title="Charlottetown Airport (Labrador)">
Charlottetown Airport (Labrador)

Charlottetown Airport is located adjacent to Charlottetown, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918203" title="Churchill Falls Airport">
Churchill Falls Airport

Churchill Falls Airport is owned and operated by Churchill Falls Labrador Corporation Limited. Provincial Airlines provides regularly scheduled passenger service at the airport, which handled about 1,400 passengers annually over between 2000 and 2003. The airport is located northwest of Churchill Falls, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Four small structures are the only buildings, as the airport has no formal terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="2918204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918204" title="Clarenville Airport">
Clarenville Airport

Clarenville Airport , is north of Clarenville, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2918208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918208" title="YRF">
YRF

YRF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2918209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918209" title="CYCA">
CYCA

"CYCA" may refer to:

</doc>
