<doc id="2925650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925650" title="Henry Perenara">
Henry Perenara

Henry Edward Perenara (born 16 June 1980 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league referee and former professional player who represented his country. His position of choice is at Lock though he can also play in the Second Row. He is a brother of Marcus Perenara and a cousin of Sonny Bill Williams, and uncle of current Hurricanes halfback TJ Perenara.
Early years.
Attending Lynfield College, Perenara played for the New Lynn Stags and Bay Roskill Vikings and represented the New Zealand Secondary Schools team in 1998.
Playing career.
In 1999, while under contract to the Warriors, Perenara played for Auckland North in the National Provincial Competition. He was part of the Glenora Bears side that dominated the Auckland Rugby League competition that year, winning the Roope Rooster, Ruataki Shield and Fox Memorial.
Perenara played for the Cronulla Sharks, St. George Illawarra Dragons, Melbourne Storm, Auckland Warriors and the Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League competition.
Referee career.
Perenara retired as a player in 2007 to join the National Rugby League's referee cadet programme. He made his first grade referee debut in 2011.
He was to make his Test debut on 6 October however the scheduled Test between the New Zealand Kiwis and the Cook Islands was cancelled. Instead, Perenara's Test debut came on 29 October 2011 when he controlled the Four Nations match between England and Wales. He was named the 2011 New Zealand Rugby League's referee of the year. He is one of only four New Zealanders to play for his country and referee a test match.

</doc>
<doc id="2925656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925656" title="Legarda">
Legarda

Legarda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925657" title="Gentleman's Relish">
Gentleman's Relish

Gentleman's Relish is a type of anchovy paste. It is also known as Patum Peperium.
It was created in 1828 by an Englishman called John Osborn. It has a strong, very salty and slightly fishy taste, and contains anchovies (minimum 60%), butter, herbs and spices. Today, the secret recipe is withheld from all but one employee at Elsenham Quality Foods in Elsenham, England, the licensed manufacturer.
Gentleman's Relish is traditionally eaten thinly spread on slices of buttered white-bread toast, either on its own, or with cucumber, or "mustard and cress" sprouts. It can also be added to minced meat for a different-tasting cottage pie or to the mixture for fish cakes, potato cakes, and croquettes. Alternatively it can be melted into scrambled eggs or be used as a topping for jacket potatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="2925667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925667" title="San Marcos Pass">
San Marcos Pass

San Marcos Pass (el. 2,225 ft. / 678 m) is a mountain pass in the Santa Ynez Mountains in California.
It is traversed by State Route 154. The pass connects Los Olivos and the Santa Ynez Valley with Santa Barbara, California. The road has been designated as a daylight-headlight highway by the California Highway Patrol and Caltrans because of frequent accidents, particularly around the exit for Lake Cachuma.
Geography.
The pass is one of three passages across the steep Santa Ynez Mountains, and the nearest to Santa Barbara. The Painted Cave community and Laurel Springs Ranch near Chumash Painted Cave SHP is four miles east of San Marcos Pass via East Camino Cielo Road, which intersects with SR 154 right at the summit.
"Battle" of Fremont's Pass.
No shots were fired during this "battle", which consisted solely of John C. Frémont's California Battalion crossing the mountains via San Marcos Pass on the night of December 24, 1846. At that time the Pass was only a path, and a rough one at that. It was a rainy night, and while Frémont's battalion had lost 150 horses and mules from sliding down the muddy slopes during the crossing, the exhausted men were able to reach the Goleta Valley foothills by the next morning, where they camped for two days. On December 27, 1846, they entered into Santa Barbara and ran up the Stars and Stripes at the Thompson Adobe (now 809-811 State Street). No force defended the town: all local men had gone to Los Angeles earlier that week to join the forces under Captain Flores and General Andrés Pico. These forces surrendered to the Fremont on January 13, 1847, a little more than two weeks later, at Cahuenga Pass near Los Angeles.
A California Historical Landmark marker commemorates the "battle", but is instead located at Gaviota Pass, where the Mexicans were waiting to ambush Fremont, expecting he would go through there instead of the San Marcos Pass.
A local Army National Guard center is named after Frémont, in recognition of his capturing Santa Barbara and making it part of the United States.
The local legend of "Fremont's Cannon" derives from this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="2925672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925672" title="Audio magazine">
Audio magazine

Audio magazine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925677" title="George Carmont">
George Carmont

George Carmont (born 30 June 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a retired professional rugby league footballer. Carmont last played for the Wigan Warriors of the Super League competition. He primarily played at centre.
Early life.
Carmont was educated at De La Salle College, Mangere East.
Club career.
Newcastle Knights (2004–2007).
Carmont made his professional rugby league debut for the Newcastle Knights. He appeared in 83 games and scored 33 tries along with becoming a popular player with the fans.
Wigan Warriors (2008–2012).
The Samoan captain was expected to join either Harlequins RL or Wigan for the 2008 season with the latter seen as the more likely destination after the London side seemingly agreed a deal to sign David Vaealiki before the centre was confirmed as a new signing for Manly. On 27 November 2007, it was announced that Carmont had signed a two year deal with European Super League club Wigan Warriors. Carmont was named in the Super League Dream Team for 2008's Super League XIII. 
Carmont played for Wigan in the 2011 World Club Challenge against 2010 NRL premiers, the St. George Illawarra Dragons and scored two tries, but it was not enough to gain his side the victory.
2011's Super League XVI for Wigan started with a Magic Weekend match against St. Helens, in which Carmont scored one try. He followed this up with another try against Bradford Bulls in Round 2 late in the match. His next score was made in a loss against Catalans Dragons in Round 8, before touching down a week later against Hull Kingston Rovers in Round 9.
Carmont played for Wigan in the 2011 Challenge Cup Final at centre, helping defeat Leeds 28-18.
On 3 November 2011 The annual RLIF Awards dinner was held at the Tower of London and Carmont was named Samoa player of the year.
Representative career.
Carmont was selected in the Samoa squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He appeared in three matches for Samoa and scored two tries. He is eligible for the United States national rugby league team through his American Samoan heritage.
George Carmont was selected for the Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley on 10 
June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2925678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925678" title="Tumbleweeds (1999 film)">
Tumbleweeds (1999 film)

Tumbleweeds is a 1999 American comedy-drama film directed by Gavin O'Connor. He co-wrote the screenplay with his then-wife Angela Shelton, who was inspired by her memories of a childhood spent on the road with her serial-marrying mother. The film starred Janet McTeer, Kimberly J. Brown and Jay O. Sanders.
Plot.
The story revolves around Mary Jo Walker, a single mother whose usual reaction to trouble is to pack her car with her belongings and take her pre-teen daughter Ava in search of greener pastures. The film commences with a strong-willed Mary-Jo in an altercation with a man. As this is something which is routine in Ava's life, she packs a suitcase as she prepares herself for their inevitable departure.
Mother and daughter embark upon a journey. When a reunion with an old beau in Missouri proves to be less successful than anticipated, Mary Jo accedes to Ava's desire to see the Pacific Ocean and heads west. Mary Jo wishes to separate herself from her old life, which is manifested when she and her daughter throw the former's clothing from the car window. En route they are assisted by long-distance trucker Jack Ranson, who coincidentally re-enters their lives after they have settled in San Diego. Once again, Mary Jo forgoes both her independence and daughter's well-being in favor of having a man in her life. She quits her office job. On face value, Ava's life has changed for the better. For example, she makes friends with a girl in her class (although they later part ways when the girl becomes jealous of Ava's acting talents). Ava also secures a starring role as Romeo in the school play, "Romeo and Juliet". Lastly, Ava is ecstatic when she finds a boyfriend, who takes her to watch a movie. Matters, however, become complicated when Jack becomes verbally aggressive towards Mary Jo. Jack exhibits his true personality when he takes Mary Jo and Ava to a fine dinner and becomes infuriated by Ava's attitude. Ava, however, is just excited about the prospect of having a leading role in the play.
When Ava and Mary Jo flee the restaurant, they spend the night in a motel, a scenario with which both mother and daughter are familiar. The next day, Mary Jo is adamant that the two leave town, with only their clothing on their backs. Ava decides to put her foot down and rebel. She tells her mother that she is tired of moving from state to state and is frustrated by her mother's carefree attitude. Although Mary Jo is at first furious at Ava's refusal to cooperate, Mary Jo then realizes that there is the need to make significant changes in their lives. She finally accepts that her behavior has had severe negative repurcussions on her daughter.
Toward the end of the movie, Ava and her mother stay at a house that a friend of Mary Jo's has loaned to them. Ava rebuilds her friendship with the same girl in her class. Lastly, both she and her mother start to rebuild their lives together. Mary Jo gets a job at a plant nursery and also moves in with her former office boss, a sympathetic widower who had been concerned about them.
Production.
The film was shot on location in Agoura Hills, North Hollywood, Malibu, and the Eagle Rock neighborhood in Los Angeles.
The soundtrack includes "Private Conversation" by Lyle Lovett, "My Heart Skips a Beat" by Buck Owens, "One of These Days" by Emmylou Harris, "One Night Stand" by Lucinda Williams, and "Sea of Heartbreak" by Johnny Cash. 
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and was shown at the Toronto International Film Festival and the Austin Film Festival before opening in Los Angeles and New York City on November 24, 1999.
Critical reception.
In his review in the "New York Times", Stephen Holden said the film "is a modestly produced slice of Americana. But its central performances are so extraordinarily nuanced and the screenplay so perfectly attuned to the twang and beat of everyday speech that in places the movie feels like a documentary . . . There are many moments when what is on the screen stops looking like acting and becomes life itself, and you're watching real people change and grow before your eyes." 
Glenn Lovell of "Variety" said, "Powered by uncommon rapport between its femme leads and helmer's roughhewned sensibility, pic has what it takes to becomes the year's first heartfelt sleeper . . . has topnotch production values and a strong supporting cast going for it."
In the "San Francisco Chronicle", Peter Stack observed, ""Tumbleweeds" is far from a slick Hollywood-style production. It's not encumbered, for one thing, by star power . . . its lack of stars becomes part of its charm . . . The interplay between Mary Jo and Ava is the film's great treat. They seem utterly natural together, bound by mother-daughter ties that are complex, touching, ultimately so powerful they yield the kind of tearful joy rarely experienced at the movies."
Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" said, "McTeer and Brown make magic in a film that is wonderfully funny, touching and vital."

</doc>
<doc id="2925685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925685" title="Legaria">
Legaria

Legaria is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. A stream passes on the north side of the town. Nearby towns are Ancín and Murieta.

</doc>
<doc id="2925688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925688" title="Sergey Lazo">
Sergey Lazo

Sergey (Serghei, Sergei) Georgiyevich Lazo (, ; March 7, 1894 – April–May 1920) was a Communist leader in the October 1917 Revolution in the Russian Far East.
Lazo was born in the village of Piatra, Orhei, now in Orhei district, Moldova. He was of boyar origin. In 1917, he was a cadet at the Imperial Russian military academy when he joined the Bolshevik forces and was entrusted with several missions in Siberia during the Russian Civil War. In March–August 1918 he was a commander of the "Zabaykalski" (trans-Baikalan) Front, and fought against Ataman Grigory Semyonov. Later he fought in Bolshevik partisan units in the Vladivostok area. On January 31, 1920 the Bolsheviks took power in Vladivostok, but on April 5, 1920 Lazo and other commanders were arrested by Japanese troops. Then, Lazo disappeared, along with Vsevolod Sibirtsev and Alexey Lutski. Reportedly they were shot shortly after, but the exact details of the execution have never been known yet. It is widely believed that the Japanese or Cossacks of the White movement burned them in the firebox of a steam engine in Muravyevo-Amurskaya (currently Lazo) station. 
A number of locations in the Russian Far East now bear Lazo's name, the most prominent being Lazovsky District in Primorsky Krai and imeni Lazo District in Khabarovsk Krai.
Between 1944 and 1991 the Moldovan city of Sîngerei was named Lazovsk, after Lazo.
One of the streets in the center of Chişinău, the capital of the Republic of Moldova, is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2925690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925690" title="Amherst Airport">
Amherst Airport

Amherst Airport is an abandoned airport that was located west of Amherst, Nova Scotia, Canada. It was a small turf airstrip, located perpendicular to Highway 104 opposite the Amherst Industrial Park.
The airport was listed as abandoned as of 8 June 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2925691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925691" title="Apple River Airport">
Apple River Airport

Apple River Airport was located west of Apple River, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925692" title="Baddeck (Crown Jewel) Airport">
Baddeck (Crown Jewel) Airport

Baddeck (Crown Jewel) Airport, , is a registered aerodrome located north of Baddeck, Nova Scotia, Canada.
While the surrounding scenery is quite beautiful, in strong wind conditions there can be significant turbulence for light aircraft on approach to runway 22, due to the aerodrome's location in the foothills overlooking Baddeck. The hilly location is why runway 04 uses non-standard right hand circuits.

</doc>
<doc id="2925693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925693" title="Church Lake Water Aerodrome">
Church Lake Water Aerodrome

Church Lake Water Aerodrome is located adjacent to Church Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925696" title="Leitza">
Leitza

Leitza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925704" title="Christian Copelin">
Christian Copelin

Christian Copelin (born 23 February 1990) is an American former child actor best known for his role as Lanny Onasis, in Disney's comedy show "Lizzie McGuire". He appeared in 21 episodes. His character, Lanny Onasis, only expressed himself through facial gestures and body language.
Filmography.
Lizzie McGuire... (2001–2004)... (guest star as Lanny Onasis on 21 episodes)
The Jersey... (2001) (guest star as Todd in one episode)
"Eyes" (2005)... Ray Hunter in one episode

</doc>
<doc id="2925706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925706" title="Lekunberri">
Lekunberri


</doc>
<doc id="2925709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925709" title="Leoz">
Leoz

Leoz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925712" title="Lerga">
Lerga

Lerga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925717" title="Lerín">
Lerín

Lerín is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925726" title="Lesaka">
Lesaka

Lesaka is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925731" title="Lezáun">
Lezáun

Lezaun is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925736" title="Tocopheryl acetate">
Tocopheryl acetate

Tocopheryl acetate, also known as vitamin E acetate, is a common vitamin supplement with the molecular formula C31H52O3 (for 'α' form). It is the ester of acetic acid and tocopherol (vitamin E). It is often used in dermatological products such as skin creams. Tocopheryl acetate is not oxidized and can penetrate through the skin to the living cells, where about 5% is converted to free tocopherol and provides beneficial antioxidant effects. 
Tocopheryl acetate is used as an alternative to tocopherol itself because the phenolic hydroxyl group is blocked, providing a less acidic product with a longer shelf life. It is believed that the acetate is slowly hydrolyzed once it is absorbed into the skin, regenerating tocopherol and providing protection against the sun's ultraviolet rays.

</doc>
<doc id="2925737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925737" title="WYLL">
WYLL

WYLL 1160 is a "Christian Talk & Teaching" radio station located in Chicago, Illinois and owned by Salem Communications. The Studios and offices are located in Elk Grove Village with Daytime transmitter facilities and four-tower array are located in Maine Township and Nighttime Transmitter facilities and six-tower array are located in Lockport. The station runs features, preaching, and other religious programs. Ministries may also buy time for programming. WYLL additionally produces a couple hours of local call-in shows every day.
History.
Secular broadcasts.
1160 was originally started in 1924 as WJJD. The station offered general entertainment programming before going through several music format changes. Plough Broadcasting bought WJJD in 1953. Before 1980, the station broadcast during daylight hours only, until sunset in Salt Lake City, where a 50,000 watt clear-channel station, KSL, the dominant Class A station, is located. This would keep the station on the air for about one hour after local sunset in Chicago. In 1980, 1160 in Chicago began 24-hour operations. The coverage area of WYLL is considerably smaller during the nighttime hours than during the day; a directional antenna system is used at all times, with a two-tower array daytime and a six-tower array nighttime.
In the late '50s and early '60s WJJD was a top 40 (popular music) station. At first it had no serious competition for the teenage rock 'n' roll audience. After WLS switched to the top 40 format in 1960, WJJD couldn't compete: WLS had a 50,000 watt clear channel signal vs. WJJD's 50,000 watts with a directional signal that protected KSL in Salt Lake City; WLS was on 24 hours a day, while WJJD signed on at 4:00 a.m. and off at anywhere from 6:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. depending on the local sunset time in Salt Lake City ; and WLS had a better position on the AM radio dial (890) than WJJD (1160).
In the 1970s, WJJD was a country music station, competing against WMAQ. WJJD's co-owned FM station WJEZ also played the same country music format. In 1982 WJJD dropped country music and adopted a syndicated adult standards format known as "Music Of Your Life". This format featured artists like Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, Tommy Dorsey, Patti Page, The Four Aces, Mills Brothers, Perry Como, Glenn Miller, Sammy Davis Jr., Pat Boone, Jack Jones, The McGuire Sisters, Nat King Cole, and Artie Shaw. The format also featured a few songs by baby boomer artists like Elvis Presley, The Carpenters, Tony Orlando, etc.
In 1984, WJJD and WJEZ were sold to Infinity. WJEZ became Magic 104.3 and played oldies as WJMK. WJJD remained standards/easy listening, and in the late 1980s added some evening sports programming. The station also began to mix in more soft adult contemporary cuts into the format. In 1993, WJJD added syndicated talk shows on late nights. The station also cut back on music during the day. In 1995, WJJD dropped easy listening altogether for full-time talk and sports format.
In 1997, Infinity would merge with CBS, now giving CBS adult rock 93.1 WXRT, CHR/rhythmic WBBM-FM 96.3, Country WUSN 99.5, oldies 104.3 WJMK (owned by Infinity), talk/rock 105.9 WCKG, 70s oldies WYSY 107.9, talk WMAQ 670, all-news WBBM 780, sports WSCR 820, and talk/sports WJJD 1160.
CBS/Infinity was forced to sell 2 stations due to ownership limitations of no more than 5 of an AM or FM station, totally no more than 8. CBS sold their underperforming FM station WYSY to Spanish Broadcasting System (which flipped 107.9 to WLEY, "La Ley", in July 1997). WJJD kept evening sports programming but dropped talk to simulcast WJMK Oldies 104.3 in January 1997. AM 820 was sold to Douglas Broadcasting (Personal Achievement Radio) and flipped to ABC's Personal Achievement Radio with some time-brokered motivational/inspirational programming (e.g., Les Brown) on weekends. CBS/Infinity kept 1160 but dropped the WJJD call letters in April. They moved the intellectual unit of WSCR—which was also put on sale—to AM 1160.
When Viacom and CBS merged in 1999, the company needed to sell one station in Chicago; WSCR 1160 was chosen. Although it was initially believed that WSCR's play-by-play teams and some sports shows would move to WMAQ 670, the new company instead decided to relocate the entire format. So, on August 1, 2000, the intellectual property of WSCR moved to AM 670, the dial position of WMAQ, and eliminated WMAQ's all news format in the process (thereby leaving co-owned WBBM 780 as the only all-news formatted station in Chicago) . After a short period of simulcasting 93.1 WXRT as WXRT-AM 1160, Salem Communications acquired the frequency.
Christian format.
In February 2001, Salem relocated the intellectual property of WYLL 106.7 (now WPPN) to the 1160 frequency. Moving the format to 1160 cleared the Des Plaines-licensed 106.7 for a new format, and Salem chose to utilize their successful contemporary Christian music "Fish" format, creating WZFS 106.7 "The Fish".

</doc>
<doc id="2925738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925738" title="Lizoáin">
Lizoáin

Lizoáin is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925739" title="San Pietro in Montorio">
San Pietro in Montorio

San Pietro in Montorio is a church in Rome, Italy, which includes in its courtyard the "Tempietto", a small commemorative "martyrium" (tomb) built by Donato Bramante.
History.
The Church of San Pietro in Montorio was built on the site of an earlier 9th-century church dedicated to Saint Peter on Rome's Janiculum hill. According to tradition, it was the site of his crucifixion.
In the 15th century, the ruins were given to the Amadist friars, a reform branch of the Franciscans, founded by the Blessed Amadeus of Portugal, who served as confessor to Pope Sixtus IV from 1472. Commissioned by Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain.
It is a titular church, whose current title holder, since 1 March 2008, is Cardinal James Francis Stafford.
Interior.
The church is decorated with artworks by prominent 16th- and 17th-century masters. 
The first chapel on the right contains Sebastiano del Piombo's "Flagellation" and "Transfiguration" (1516–1524). Michelangelo, who had befriended Sebastiano in Rome, supplied figure drawings that were incorporated into the "Flagellation". 
The second chapel has a fresco by Niccolò Circignani (1654), some Renaissance frescoes from the school of Pinturicchio, and an allegorical sibyl and virtue attributed to Baldassarre Peruzzi.
The fourth chapel has a ceiling fresco by Giorgio Vasari. Although there is no grave marker, tradition has it that Beatrice Cenci—executed in 1599 for the murder of her abusive father and made famous by Percy Bysshe Shelley, among others—is buried either in this chapel or below the high altar. 
The ceiling of the fifth chapel contains another fresco, the "Conversion of St. Paul", by Vasari. The altarpiece is attributed to Giulio Mazzoni, while the funerary monument of Innocenzo Ciocchi Del Monte, Cardinal Giovanni Maria Del Monte and Roberto Nobili are by Bartolomeo Ammannati.
Until 1797, Raphael's final masterpiece, the "Transfiguration" graced the high altar; it is now in the Vatican pinacoteca. The altar currently displays a copy by Cammuccini of Guido Reni's "Crucifixion of St. Peter" (also now in Vatican museum). 
The last chapel on the left contains a "Baptism of Christ", attributed to Daniele da Volterra, and stucco-work and ceiling frescoes by Giulio Mazzoni. 
A pupil of Antoniazzo Romano frescoed the third chapel with the "Saint Anne, Virgin, and Child". 
Dirck van Baburen, a central figure of the Dutch Caravaggisti, painted the "Entombment" for the Pietà Chapel, which is indebted to Caravaggio's example. Baburen worked with another Dutch artist, David de Haen in this chapel. The two other paintings, "The Mocking of Christ" and "The Agony in the Garden" are variously attributed to either or both of the artists.
The second chapel on the left, the Raimondi Chapel (1640), was designed by Gian Lorenzo Bernini. It includes Francesco Baratta's "Saint Francis in Ecstasy" and sculptures by Andrea Bolgi and Niccolò Sale.
Irish chieftains' tombs.
At the high altar are two tombs: that of Hugh, Baron of Dungannon, eldest son of Hugh O'Neill, The O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone, and the tomb shared by Rory O'Donnell, 1st Earl of Tyrconnell, and his brother Cathbharr, both of them younger brothers of Red Hugh O'Donnell.
These fled Ireland in 1607. Rory O'Donnell died in 1608, his brother Cathbharr ("Calfurnius" in the inscription) and Hugh, the son of the Great Earl, died in 1609. The cause of death in all cases was fever, probably malaria. Their tombs are covered with marble inscribed slabs with coloured borders, crests and shields. They are about 12 feet from the altar on the left as you face it and are normally covered by a carpet.
Hugh O'Neill, the Earl of Tyrone, himself died in 1616 and was buried in the church with much less solemnity. The original simple tombstone was lost in about 1849, but the text of the short inscription was copied: "D.O.M. Hugonis principis ONelli ossa" (Dedicated to God the Best and Greatest. The bones of Prince Hugh O'Neill). In 1989, Cardinal Tomás Ó Fiaich laid a new marble plaque with the same inscription in approximately the original place.
The Tempietto.
The so-called "Tempietto" (Italian: "small temple") is a small commemorative tomb ("martyrium") built by Donato Bramante, possibly as early as 1502, in the courtyard of San Pietro in Montorio. Also commissioned by Ferdinand and Isabella, the Tempietto is considered a masterpiece of High Renaissance Italian architecture.
After spending his first years in Milan, Bramante moved to Rome, where he was recognized by Cardinal Giuliano della Rovere, the soon-to-be Pope Julius II. In Rome, Bramante, was able to study the ancient monuments first hand. The temple of Vesta at Tivoli was one of the precedents behind the Tempietto. Other antique precedents Bramante was able to study in Rome include the circular temple of the banks of the Tiber, believed to be a temple of Vesta. However, the centrally planned church was employed by early Christians for martyriums, an example being Santa Constanza, also in Rome. Bramante would have been aware of these early Christian precedents, and as a result, the Tempietto is circular.
The "Tempietto" is one of the most harmonious buildings of the Renaissance. It is the earliest example of use of the Tuscan order in the Renaissance. Tuscan is a form of the Doric order which stated by Vitruvius is the relationship between the Order and the nature of the divinity to whom the temple is dedicated to. A Doric order is well suited for strong male gods (such as Hercules) so Tuscan was well suited for St. Peter. It is meant to mark the traditional exact spot of St. Peter's martyrdom, and is an important precursor to Bramante’s rebuilding of St. Peter’s.
Given all the transformations of Renaissance and Baroque Rome that were to follow, it is hard now to sense the impact this building had at the beginning of the 16th century. It is almost a piece of sculpture, for it has little architectonic use. The building greatly reflected Brunelleschi's style. Perfectly proportioned, it is composed of slender Tuscan columns, a Doric entablature modeled after the ancient Theater of Marcellus, and a dome. According to an engraving in Sebastiano Serlio's "Book III", Bramante planned to set it in within a colonnaded courtyard, but this plan was never executed.

</doc>
<doc id="2925741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925741" title="Zha Shibiao">
Zha Shibiao

Zha Shibiao(Chinese: 查士标; 1615-1698) was a landscape painter and calligrapher from Anhui, China. He was affiliated with the Anhui school, otherwise known as the Xin'an School. This school was noted for dry brushstrokes and sparse compositions. His family, and himself, were art collectors and Ming dynasty aristocrats. He had studied for the civil service exam under the Ming and received the "cultivated talent"(xiu cai) rank in his twenties. However he abandoned any attempt at an official career after the Manchu conquest. Subsequent to the 1670s he moved, or fled, depending on the source, to Yangzhou. As a calligrapher he was influenced by Dong Qichang and Mi Fu. His landscapes were more influenced by Hong Ren and Ni Zan. His later works are considered to have had a more moist and expressive feel than those of Hong Ren. As a person he was said to be easy-going, but slightly reclusive. He also had a fondness for drink, indulging into the late hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2925742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925742" title="Debert Airport">
Debert Airport

Debert Airport is located near Debert, Nova Scotia, Canada and has three runways.
It was established in 1941 as RCAF Station Debert and was used during World War II as a British Commonwealth Air Training Plan facility for training aircrew.
In 1971, the Debert Airport and its surrounding land was purchased by the Government of Nova Scotia for development as the Debert Air Industrial Park, and in 1972, the Truro Flying Club was formed.
Today, the Debert Flight Centre, a division of the original Truro Flying Club, still provides instruction to pilots, from student pilots to commercial students.
Each summer, the airport is home to the Atlantic Regional Gliding School's flying activities, during which a group of Royal Canadian Air Cadets train to receive their Glider Pilot's License.

</doc>
<doc id="2925743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925743" title="Grigory Kotovsky">
Grigory Kotovsky

Grigory Ivanovich Kotovsky (, ; – August 6, 1925) was an adventurist, Soviet military and political figure, participant of the Russian Civil War. He made a career from a Russian gangster and bank robber, to eventually becoming a Red Army general and member of the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Early life.
Kotovsky was born in Bessarabia, the son of a mechanical engineer. (Officially Kotovsky claimed to be born in 1887.) He also had five siblings. His father was Russian of Polish ethnicity and his mother was an ethnic Russian. By father, Kotovsky was hailed from an old aristocratic Polish family from Kamyanets-Podilsky. His grandfather for connections with participants of the Polish uprising was fired from the Russian service and eventually went bankrupt. Father of Kotovsky was forced to move to Bessarabia and become a Russian burgess. Kotovksy suffered from a marked stuttering and was a left-handed. At two he lost his mother and at 16 - his father. Kotovsky was raised by his godmother Sophia Challe, a daughter of Belgian engineer and a friend of Kotovsky's father and a godfather - landowner Manuk-bey. Manuk-bey helped and completely supported Kotovsky enrollment and stay at the Cucuruzeni Agricultural College. He intended eventually to send his godson to Germany for the Higher Agricultural Courses, but his dreams were cut short due to his death in 1902.
While studying in the college Kotovsky became involved with the local political club of Socialist Revolutionaries. After graduation in 1900 he worked as an assistant to estate manager, but never for too long. Kotovsky was being fired for various con-acts including theft, fraternization and others. With the start of the Russo-Japanese War he did not report to a military entrance processing station. In 1905 he was arrested for evasion of military service and sent to the 19th Kostroma Infantry Regiment headquartered in Zhytomyr.
Soon he deserted the service and organized its own gang conducting raids, setting estates on fire, robbing and terrorizing the local population. On January 18, 1906 Kotovsky was finally arrested, but managed to escape after six months from the Chisinau prison. On September 24, 1906 he was arrested again and next year sentenced to 12 years of "katorga". His sentence Kotovsky served at the Nerchinsk katorga to which he was brought only in 1911 spending more time in various prisons across the Russian Empire (Yelizavetgrad Prison, Smolensk Prison, and Oryol Prison). At katorga Kotovsky cooperated with authorities and put in charge of 10 men team for construction of a railroad. In 1913 he became a candidate for an amnesty commemorating the 300th anniversary of the Romanov dynasty. However, it was decided not to release bandits on the amnesty, therefore on February 27, 1913 Kotovsky escaped from katorga and returned to Bessarabia.
At first he lived undercover working as a loader and heavy-worker, but eventually became a leader of local raiders. One of the most noticeable was his successful "hit" on the State Treasury in Bender. On June 25, 1916 Kotovsky was unable to get away from the pursuit after another raid. He was surrounded by a squad of secret police and after being wounded in a chest he was arrested. The Odessa Military District court sentenced him a capital punishment by hanging. In death row Kotovsky wrote letters of repentance asking to sent him to frontlines. Upon the abdication of Nicholas II, a riot took place at the Odessa prison after which the prison became self-governed, the Russian Provisional Government announced a wide political amnesty.
Revolutionary days.
During the last part of World War I, Kotovsky was sent to the Romanian front. In 1918, he sided with the Communists in Tiraspol, taking command of a revolutionary battalion and helping the Bolsheviks gain control of Ukraine. He joined the Bolshevik party in 1920. In 1924, he took an active part in the foundation of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in Transnistria, as part of the Ukrainian SSR.
He was killed near Odessa by his deputy and friend for having an affair with the latter's wife in 1925. He was then buried in a mausoleum in Birzula, which was renamed Kotovsk in 1935; in the meantime it was included in the newly created Odessa Oblast. The mausoleum was later destroyed during the Romanian occupation of Transnistria.
Two other towns in the Soviet Union were also named Kotovsk. One of them was his native Hînceşti, which regained its former name in 1990. The other one is situated in Tambov Oblast, Russia.
External links.
"This article is partially translated from Russian Wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="2925744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925744" title="Digby/Annapolis Regional Airport">
Digby/Annapolis Regional Airport

Digby/Annapolis Regional Airport is located south of Digby, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925745" title="Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome">
Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome

Fancy Lake Water Aerodrome was located south southwest of Fancy Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada. The airport was listed as abandoned in the 15 March 2007 Canada Flight Supplement.

</doc>
<doc id="2925746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925746" title="Finlay Air Park">
Finlay Air Park

Finlay Air Park is located in Deerfield, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925748" title="Fox Harbour Airport">
Fox Harbour Airport

Fox Harbour Airport is a privately owned airport located north of Fox Harbour, Nova Scotia, Canada on the shore of Northumberland Strait.
It was built as part of the Fox Harb'r Resort, owned by Ron Joyce. After completion of the airport, the nearby Tatamagouche Airport, located adjacent to one of the Tim Hortons children's camps and also owned by Ron Joyce, was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="2925749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925749" title="Liédena">
Liédena

Liédena is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925754" title="Lodosa">
Lodosa

Lodosa is a small town of around 5,000 people located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Located along the river Ebro, in a largely agricultural area, the town of Lodosa is famous for its piquillo peppers ("pimientos del piquillo"), and its natural beauty. The largest nearby city is Pamplona. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925758" title="CDH3">
CDH3

CDH3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925761" title="Los Arcos">
Los Arcos

Los Arcos is a town and Spanish municipality, in the Chartered Community of Navarre, situated in the administrative division of Estella, in the region of East Estella and is 62km from the capital of the community, Pamplona. It's population in 2013 was 1182 inhabitants (INE).

</doc>
<doc id="2925764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925764" title="Ruben Wiki">
Ruben Wiki

Ruben James Wiki, ONZM (born 21 January 1973) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s. A New Zealand national representative centre-turned-prop forward, he retired with the record for most number of international appearances of any rugby league player in history. At club level Wiki played for the Canberra Raiders, winning the 1994 NSWRL Premiership with them before finishing his career with the New Zealand Warriors. He currently works as the NZRL's High Performance Manager and a High Performance Assistant with the New Zealand Warriors.
Background.
Of Samoan and Māori heritage, Wiki was an Otahuhu Leopards junior. Alongside future All Black captain Tana Umaga, Wiki wreaked havoc for the Junior Kiwis in 1992. He represented the New Zealand Māori side in 1992 and 1993, playing on the wing at the 1992 Pacific Cup.
Professional playing career.
1990s.
Wiki commenced playing in Australia's Winfield Cup for the Canberra Raiders' first grade side in the 1993 NSWRFL season. In 1993 he played for Auckland.
In 1994, he teamed up with Mal Meninga as centre to score a premiership win for the Canberra Raiders. He was then involved in controversy when both the Canberra Raiders and new Auckland Warriors tried to register him for the 1995 season. After a long dispute Wiki stayed with Canberra. Wiki was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played at centre in the Kiwis' 22-20 loss.
2000s.
In 2001 Wiki was banned for two matches after pleading guilty to a dangerous throw charge on Sydney prop Scott Logan. Wiki played for Canberra until 2004 before moving to the Warriors.
Wiki joined the New Zealand Warriors in 2005. Wiki will probably be remembered most as the captain of the Kiwi team that scored an historic 24–0 win over the Kangaroos in the 2005 Tri-nations. This was the first series win since 1978 and the first time in 20 years that New Zealand had kept Australia scoreless in a test match. In the final Wiki was named man-of-the-match and became the first player of any nation to reach fifty test caps. After playing his 55th test match in the 2006 Tri Nations final Ruben Wiki announced his retirement from the international game along with other New Zealand veterans Nigel Vagana and Stacey Jones. New Zealand lost the final in golden point extra time 12-16 after the scores were locked at 12-all after 80 minutes. 
Wiki retired having played 55 test matches for New Zealand between 1994 and 2006, at the time the most test matches played by any rugby league footballer in the world. He captained the New Zealand national rugby league team in 18 of those tests.
's biography, "Ruben Wiki", was published in 2006. 
He became only the tenth player and first New Zealander to play 300 first grade games in the NRL when he started at prop in the Warriors 28-26 victory against the Wests Tigers on the 29 June 2008. He played, what was meant to be his final game with the All Golds as part of the 2008 Rugby League World Cup against the New Zealand Māori rugby league team. Later that year he was an assistant to the New Zealand team which won the Rugby League World Cup.
Wiki snubbed the chance to join a European Super League side for the 2009 season, and entered into retirement from first grade rugby league in 2008.
In 2009 Wiki came out of retirement to play for the Samoan Residents, a team representing his Mother's homeland, in a one off match which raised money for the Samoan tsunami relief fund.
Post playing.
In August 2009, Wiki appeared on the New Zealand travel program "Intrepid Journeys" with a trip to Laos. In 2010 Wiki took up a role as a High Performance Assistant with the Warriors. On the 22 January Wiki was named the New Zealand Rugby League's national High Performance Manager, a role which will ensure he is involved with the New Zealand Kiwis.
Honours.
In 2002 and 2003 Wiki was named the Canberra Raiders' player of the year. In 2006, he was named in a Kiwi All Time XIII at a gala awards dinner celebrating New Zealand's centenary of rugby league alongside his good friend Stacey Jones. Wiki and Jones are the only recent players to be named in the side with the majority of the players being from the "immortal" 1950-60s side and the destructive 1980s team.
Wiki was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit (ONZM) in 2007 for his services to rugby league.
Personal life.
Wiki drank a bowl of the Pacific island drink kava after each match, which he credits for his longevity in the game.
His sister, Germaine Wiki, has represented the Kiwi Ferns.

</doc>
<doc id="2925768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925768" title="Lumbier">
Lumbier

Lumbier ("Irunberri" in Basque language) is a village in Spain and a municipality of the Chartered Community of Navarre ( Comunidad Foral de Navarra), in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the north of Spain, 38 km from the capital of the community Pamplona. It has a population of about 1400. It stands on the River Salazar in a region of natural interest. It also has interesting historical connections.
Place name.
It is believed that the present village of Lumbier goes back to ancient times to the communities of the Vascones mentioned by Roman geographers such as Pliny the Elder which included those known as the iluberritani, which traditionally have been associated with the village of Lumbier. Some Roman remains have been found in Lumbier and the remains of a Roman and Celtic villa have been found in the nearby municipality of Liédena.
Starting from its ancient name of "Ilumberri", linguists have reconstructed the development of its present forms.
Regarding the etymological significance of Ilumberri, it is believed that it comes from archaic Basque. The first part seems to be the same as in place names such as Irún or Iruña (Pamplona), and it has been traditionally associated with the word "hiri" o "(h)ili" (town) in Euskera. The second part "berri" means 'new'; thus its etymological meaning would be similar to 'new town'.
At present, Lumbier is located in the non-basque-speaking area of Navarre, so its Castilian name is the only official one, though the place-name "Irunberri" is still used.
The inhabitants of Lumbier are generally erroneously referred to as "gatos" ('cats'); the correct expression is "ahorcagatos" (cat-hangers'), which dates back to the Spanish War of Independence, when a number of French sympathisers from Madrid ("cats") were caught trying to flee to France and they were hung here.
Symbols.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Lumbier has the following blazon:
The ancient seal of the village has, in addition to those items just mentioned, a crescent sinister and a star dexter to the central tower, and appears in the Charter of Union (Carta de Unión) whoch was signed by all the towns and villages of Navarre at Puente la Reina in 1328.
Physical Geography.
Location.
Lumbier is located in the western part of the autonomous region of Navarre at an altitude of 467 metres above sea level. Its municipal area has an area of 57.40 km² and has borders on the northern side with the municipalities of Urraúl Bajo and Romanzado, on the eastern side with the latter, on the southern side with those of Yesa, Liédena and Sangüesa and on the western side with that of Urraúl Alto.
Topology and hydrology.
Two deep gorges(Foz) with rock faces of up to 300 metres high have been created by the Rivers Salazar and Irati in the foothills of the Sierra de Leire. The surrounding area consists of a wide valley with wheatfields, low Mediterranean countryside and Holm oak woods. There is deciduous and Common-pine woodland in the higher areas of Arangoiti (Sierra de Leire).
This area falls in the Site of Community Importance (Natura 2000 Network) and ZEPA (Special Bird Protection Area) "Sierra de Leire-Foz de Arbayún" which includes the "Arbayún Gorge", the "Lumbier Gorge" and "Acantilados de la Piedra y San Adrián" Natural Reserves.
It is located on the right bank of river Salazar and near the left bank of the river Irati where it joins the river Salazar, on a flat hill which is 467 metres high. between a loamy hollow and a north-west outcrop of the Sierra de Leire.

</doc>
<doc id="2925771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925771" title="Luquin">
Luquin

Luquin is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Luquin is also a Surname and 1. Luquin is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain in the Basque Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="2925773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925773" title="Adam Wakeman">
Adam Wakeman

Adam Wakeman (born 11 March 1974) is an English musician and the current keyboardist and rhythm guitarist for Ozzy Osbourne's band; he also plays keyboards and guitar off-stage for Black Sabbath. Other musicians Wakeman has been involved with include Annie Lennox, Travis, Company of Snakes, Will Young, Victoria Beckham, Strawbs and Atomic Kitten.
The second son of long term Yes keyboardist Rick Wakeman (who also played keyboards for Black Sabbath on their 1973 release "Sabbath Bloody Sabbath") and the younger brother of Oliver Wakeman, another former Yes member. Adam often collaborated with his father, releasing albums with him. In 2006 he created his own band, Headspace.
Biography.
Adam Wakeman, the son of long term Yes keyboardist Rick Wakeman, was born into a musical family and started playing classical piano at the age of 8. By the age of seventeen he had obtained grade 8 from the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music and had recorded the first album with father Rick Wakeman. Father and son toured extensively, the two of them sitting at grand pianos to full scale rock performances with orchestra and choir. At the age of 24 Adam won the "Keyboard Magazine" Best New Talent award and promptly started a session career of his own in London.
In the mid-1990s, Wakeman formed Jeronimo Road with Fraser Thorneycroft-Smith. An album, "Live at the Orange", was released after the band broke up on the Explore Multimedia label.
In 2000 and 2001 he toured with his father's old band the Strawbs.
Adam released 4 solo albums, "Soliloquy", "100 Years Overtime", "Real World Trilogy" and "Neurasthenia".
In 2006, he put together the progressive rock band Headspace, with vocalist Damian Wilson, guitarist Pete Rinaldi, bass player Lee Pomeroy and drummer Richard Brook. Their EP entitled "I am..." was released in 2007 to coincide with support shows at Wembley Arena, Birmingham's NIA and Dublin's The Point with Ozzy Osbourne. They released their debut concept album "I Am Anonymous" worldwide on 22 May 2012 on the Inside Out / Century Media record label to critical acclaim.
He recorded six original albums with his father as Wakeman with Wakeman, and three live albums. He also participated in Wakeman's tours from 1992, and he appeared in the DVD from the Gran Rex, Argentina as well as 2009's "Six Wives of Henry VIII" at Hampton Court Palace. The 2010 release, "Scream", from Ozzy Osbourne featured five songs co-written by Adam Wakeman, although an error in the liner notes means the track "I Want It More" was wrongly credited to only Osbourne and Kevin Churko.
On 2 July 2011, Adam started his own radio show on TotalRock radio in London along with fellow members of Headspace, where he (once a month, every first Saturday) will be playing "the best rock, metal and prog over the last 30 years" and also a track each show from Headspace's debut album, expected in January 2012.
In November 2012 Adam rejoined the Strawbs on tour.

</doc>
<doc id="2925775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925775" title="Légende du Scorpion à Quatre Queues">
Légende du Scorpion à Quatre Queues

Légende du Scorpion à Quatre Queues (Legend of the Four-Tailed Scorpion) is the last album by the experimental dub group, De Facto.

</doc>
<doc id="2925779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925779" title="Crown of Augustus II the Strong">
Crown of Augustus II the Strong

The Crown of Augustus II was intended for his coronation as a King of Poland. The crown was made in 1697 by Freiburg's goldsmith Johann Friedrich Klemm. It was not used, however. The Augustus II's crown is kept in Dresden Armory (Rüstkammer) in Dresden, Germany.
History.
Due to a double election of François Louis, Prince of Conti and the Frederick Augustus I, Elector of Saxony (elected King of Poland as "Augustus II") in 1697, the two claimants to the Polish throne had serious troubles with obtaining approval of the nobility for their coronation. The most difficult situation was of Elector of Saxony, who had no support of the primate Michał Stefan Radziejowski and most of the senators holding the custody of the Wawel Castle Crown Treasury. Therefore, expecting obstacles in obtaining the royal insignia, he ordered to prepare replacements before his arrival to Kraków. On the eve of the ceremony, some of the gathered decided to find a way to obtain the original regalia. Two monks Aleksander Wyhowski, prior of Czerwińsk and Mikołaj Wyżycki, prior of the Holy Cross made a hole in the castle's wall and got to the vault from which they stole the crown, scepter, sword and orb. The Dresden regalia become unnecessary, Augustus II the Strong, however, treated them as a private insignia.
Crown of Augustus II the Strong is made of gilded silver and decorated with colorful enamel and semi-precious stones.

</doc>
<doc id="2925786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925786" title="Gas-discharge lamp">
Gas-discharge lamp

Gas-discharge lamps are a family of artificial light sources that generate light by sending an electrical discharge through an ionized gas, a plasma. The character of the gas discharge depends on the pressure of the gas as well as the frequency of the current: see the entries on alternating current and frequency classification of plasmas. Typically, such lamps use a noble gas (argon, neon, krypton and xenon) or a mixture of these gases. Most lamps are filled with additional materials, like mercury, sodium, and metal halides. In operation the gas is ionized, and free electrons, accelerated by the electrical field in the tube, collide with gas and metal atoms. Some electrons in the atomic orbitals of these atoms are excited by these collisions to a higher energy state. When the excited atom falls back to a lower energy state, it emits a photon of a characteristic energy, resulting in infrared, visible light, or ultraviolet radiation. Some lamps convert the ultraviolet radiation to visible light with a fluorescent coating on the inside of the lamp's glass surface. The fluorescent lamp is perhaps the best known gas-discharge lamp.
Compared with incandescent lamp and even with LED lighting, gas-discharge lamps offer higher efficiency, but are more complicated to manufacture, and require auxiliary electronic equipment such as ballasts to control current flow through the gas. Some gas-discharge lamps also have a perceivable start-up time to achieve their full light output. Still, due to their greater efficiency, gas-discharge lamps are replacing incandescent lights in many lighting applications.
History.
The history of gas-discharge lamps began in 1675 when French astronomer Jean-Felix Picard observed that the empty space in his mercury barometer glowed as the mercury jiggled while he was carrying the barometer. Investigators, including Francis Hauksbee, tried to determine the cause of the phenomenon. Hauksbee first demonstrated a gas-discharge lamp in 1705. He showed that an evacuated or partially evacuated glass globe, in which he placed a small amount of mercury, while charged by static electricity could produce a light bright enough to read by. The phenomenon of electric arc was first described by Vasily V. Petrov, a Russian scientist, in 1802; Sir Humphry Davy demonstrated in the same year the electric arc at the Royal Institution of Great Britain. Since then, discharge light sources have been researched because they create light from electricity considerably more efficiently than incandescent light bulbs.
The father of the low-pressure gas discharge tube was German glassblower Heinrich Geissler, who beginning in 1857 constructed colorful artistic cold cathode tubes with different gases in them which glowed with many different colors, called Geissler tubes. It was found that inert gases like the noble gases neon, argon, krypton or xenon, as well as carbon dioxide worked well in tubes. This technology was commercialized by French engineer Georges Claude in 1910 and became neon lighting, used in neon signs. 
The introduction of the metal vapor lamp, including various metals within the discharge tube, was a later advance. The heat of the gas discharge vaporized some of the metal and the discharge is then produced almost exclusively by the metal vapor. The usual metals are sodium and mercury owing to their visible spectrum emission.
One hundred years of research later led to lamps without electrodes which are instead energized by microwave or radio frequency sources. In addition, light sources of much lower output have been created, extending the applications of discharge lighting to home or indoor use.
Color.
Each gas, depending on its atomic structure emits certain wavelengths which translates in different colors of the lamp. As a way of evaluating the ability of a light source to reproduce the colors of various objects being lit by the source, the International Commission on Illumination (CIE) introduced the color rendering index (CRI). Some gas-discharge lamps have a relatively low CRI, which means colors they illuminate appear substantially different from how they do under sunlight or other high-CRI illumination.
Types.
Lamps are divided into families based on the pressure of gas in the bulb, below. A second distinction used is whether the cathode is heated:
Low pressure discharge lamps.
Low-pressure lamps have working pressure much less than atmospheric pressure. For example common fluorescent lamps operate at a pressure of about 0.3% of atmospheric pressure. 
High pressure discharge lamps.
High-pressure lamps have a discharge that takes place in gas under slightly less to greater than atmospheric pressure. For example, a high pressure sodium lamp has an arc tube under 100 to 200 torr pressure, about 14% to 28% of atmospheric pressure; some automotive HID headlamps have up to 50 bar or fifty times atmospheric pressure. 
High-intensity discharge lamps.
A high-intensity discharge (HID) lamp is a type of electrical lamp which produces light by means of an electric arc between tungsten electrodes housed inside a translucent or transparent fused quartz or fused alumina arc tube. Compared to other lamp types, relatively high arc power exists for the arc length. Examples of HID lamps include:
HID lamps are typically used when high levels of light and energy efficiency are desired.
Other examples.
The Xenon flash lamp produces a single flash of light in the millisecond-microsecond range and is commonly used in film, photography and theatrical lighting. Particularly robust versions of this lamp, known as strobe lights, can produce long sequences of flashes, allowing for the stroboscopic examination of motion. This has found use in the study of mechanical motion, in medicine and in the lighting of dance halls.

</doc>
<doc id="2925787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925787" title="John Bertrand Conlan">
John Bertrand Conlan

John Bertrand Conlan (born September 17, 1930) is a retired U.S. lawyer and Republican politician. He served as a State Senator from 1965 to 1972 and as a United States Representative from Arizona from 1973 to 1977.
Early life and career.
Born in Oak Park, Illinois, Conlan is the son of Hall of Fame baseball umpire Jocko Conlan. He attended Illinois public schools and received a B.S. from Northwestern University. He later graduated from Harvard Law School, received a Fulbright Scholarhship to study at the University of Cologne, and studied at The Hague Academy of International Law.
Conlan was admitted to the Illinois bar in 1954 and commenced practice in Chicago. He then served as a captain in the U.S. Army from 1956 to 1961. Conlan has also taught geo-politics and American foreign policy at Arizona State University and the University of Maryland.
U.S. House of Representatives.
In Congress, he was known as a strong and articulate conservative. In 1976, he ran for the United States Senate to succeed retiring Republican Senator Paul Fannin. He was opposed in the Republican primary by fellow U.S. Representative Sam Steiger which Conlan narrowly lost. The general election was won by former Pima County Attorney Dennis DeConcini.
References.
"This article incorporates material from the public domain Biographical Directory of the United States Congress."

</doc>
<doc id="2925790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925790" title="Crown of Augustus III of Poland">
Crown of Augustus III of Poland

The Crown of Augustus III was made in 1733 for Augustus III' coronation in Kraków in 1734. 
History.
In 1925 Polish Government purchased the silver regalia of King Augustus III and Queen Maria Josepha in Vienna for $ 35,000 (175 000 zł). It consisted of 2 crowns, 2 sceptres and 2 orbs made in about 1733. The original "Crown Regalia" were hidden - see War of the Polish Succession. The jewels were exhibited in Warsaw till 1939 and in 1940 they were stolen by German forces. Later they were found by the Soviet troops in Germany and sent to the USSR where they remained until 1960, when they were returned to Poland. Today are deposited in the National Museum in Warsaw. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925791" title="Lónguida – Longida">
Lónguida – Longida

Lónguida – Longida is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925807" title="Peter Schaefer (ice hockey)">
Peter Schaefer (ice hockey)

Peter Schaefer (born July 12, 1977) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He most recently played for ERC Ingolstadt in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. He has played in the National Hockey League with the Ottawa Senators, the Boston Bruins and the Vancouver Canucks. He is best known as a two-way forward.
Playing career.
Schaefer played major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL) with the Brandon Wheat Kings. He recorded 59 points in his rookie season with Brandon and was subsequently drafted by the Vancouver Canucks 66th overall in the 1995 NHL Entry Draft. The following season, in 1995–96, he improved to 108 points, ninth overall in the league, then added 23 points in the playoffs, leading Brandon to a President's Cup championship and 1996 Memorial Cup appearance.
Schaefer continued to improve in the WHL the following season, putting up a junior career-high 123 points, fourth overall in league scoring. On March 14, 1997, he tied a WHL record for most shorthanded goals in a game with 3 in an 8-1 win against the Medicine Hat Tigers. Schaefer earned the Four Broncos Memorial Trophy as league MVP as well as the WHL Plus-Minus Award with a league-high +57 rating in his final WHL season.
Graduating from major junior, Schaefer spent several seasons in the American Hockey League (AHL) with the Canucks' minor league affiliate, the Syracuse Crunch. He cracked the Canucks' lineup in 1998–99, scoring 8 points in 25 games. He improved to 31, then 36 points in the following two seasons before playing overseas for TPS of the SM-liiga in 2001–02.
Before the start of the 2002–03 season, Schaefer was traded to the Ottawa Senators in exchange for defenceman Sami Salo. In 2005–06, he recorded a career-high 20 goals, 30 assists and 50 points with the Senators. The following season, he helped the Senators to the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, but lost to the Anaheim Ducks in five games.
In the off-season, he was traded to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Shean Donovan on July 17, 2007. Bryan Murray, the team's general manager, revealed that Schaefer had requested a trade on a couple of occasions during the season and that Schaefer was under-performing.
In his first season with the Bruins, in 2007–08, his points total dipped to 26 points, his lowest output since 2002–03. He began the season on the top line with Marc Savard, but was quickly demoted to the fourth line and was a healthy scratch on several occasions after returning from leg and foot injuries. The following season, he failed to make the team's roster out of training camp. He was placed on waivers and once he cleared, was assigned to the Providence Bruins, Boston's AHL affiliate. After the 2008–09 season, the final year remaining on Schaefer's contract was bought out by the Bruins on June 30, 2009.
He did not play in the 2009-10 NHL season, training extensively to make an NHL comeback, while living in West Vancouver. After being invited to the Canucks' 2010 training camp on a tryout basis, he was signed to a one-year, two-way, contract worth $600,000 on October, 7, 2010. After 16 games, however, he was put on waivers by Vancouver in November 2010. Unwilling to play in the minors, the club put him on waivers a second time in order to release him. Schaefer's agent said both sides were amicable in the departure, agreeing to simply terminate the contract. Becoming an unrestricted free agent, he signed overseas with ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in January 2011.
Along with Mike Sillinger, Peter Schaefer played with the Balgonie Bisons of the Qu'Appelle Valley Hockey League in their attempt to qualify for the Allan Cup in 2012. He is currently the president of the Surrey Eagles in the BC Hockey League..
Family.
Schaefer's younger brother, Nolan Schaefer, is a goaltender who signed with the Boston Bruins on July 5, 2010, a year after being bought out by the same club.

</doc>
<doc id="2925819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925819" title="Yao people (East Africa)">
Yao people (East Africa)

The Yao people, "Wayao", are a major Bantu ethnic and linguistic group based at the southern end of Lake Malawi, which played an important part in the history of Southeast Africa during the 19th century. The Yao are a predominantly Muslim people group of about 2 million spread over three countries, Malawi, northern Mozambique, and in Ruvuma Region and Mtwara Region of Tanzania. The Yao people have a strong cultural identity, which transcend the national borders.
History.
The majority of Yao were always subsistence farmers. When Arabs arrived on the southeastern coast of Africa they began trading with the Yao people, mainly Ivory, grains and slaves in exchange for clothes and guns. Because of their involvement in this coastal trade they became one of the richest and most influential tribes in Southern Africa. Large Yao kingdoms came into being as mighty Yao chiefs took control of the Niassa province of Mozambique in the 19th century. During that time the Yao began to move from their traditional home in today's Malawi and Tanzania, which resulted in the Yao populations they now have. The most important result of the great chiefdoms was the turning of the whole nation to Islam around the turn of the 20th century and after the 1st World War. Because of their trade with the Arabs and Swahili, the Yao chiefs (sultans) needed scribes who could read and write. The Islam teachers who were employed and lived in the Yao villages, made a significant impact on the Yao people because they could offer them literacy, a holy book, smart clothes and square, instead of round, houses. Furthermore, the Yao sultans strongly resisted the Portuguese, British and German colonial rule, which was viewed as a major cultural and economic threat to them. The British tried to stop the ivory and slave trade, (and also to colonize East Africa for themselves) by attacking some of the Yao trade caravans near the coast. The greater Yao chief Mataka rejected Christianity as Islam offered them a social system, which would assimilate their traditional culture. Because of the political and ritual domination of the chiefs, their conversion to Islam caused their subjects to do likewise. The Islam, which they have embraced, is not the orthodox religion, but is totally intermingled with their traditional animistic belief system. It is often referred to as Folk Islam.
The Yao in Mozambique.
The Yao have lived in northern Mozambique (formerly Portuguese East Africa). A close look at the history of the Yao people of Mozambique as a whole will show that their ethno geographic center is located in a small village called Chiconono, in the northwestern Mozambican province of Niassa. The majority of Yao were subsistence farmers, however some were also active as ivory and slave traders. They faced social and political decline with the arrival of the Portuguese in today's Niassa Province, that established the Niassa Company, and settled in the region founding cities and towns and destroying their independent farm and trade economy, and changing it to a plantation economy controlled by the Portuguese. The expanding Portuguese Empire had established trading posts, forts and ports in East Africa since the 15th century, in direct competition with the diverse influential Muslim political forces: Somali, Swahili, Ottomans, Mughals and Yemeni Sufi orders to a limited extent, and increasingly Ibadi influences from independent Southeastern Arabia. The spice route and the Christian evangelization were the main driving forces behind Portuguese expansion in the region. However, later in the 19th century, the Portuguese were also involved in a large slave trade that transported African slaves from Mozambique to Brazil. The Portuguese Empire was by then one of the greatest political and economic powers in the world. Portuguese-run agricultural plantations started to expand offering paid labour to the tribal populations workforce. The Yao increasingly became poor plantation workers under Portuguese rule. However, the Yao preserved their traditional culture and subsistency agriculture by their own. As Muslims, the Yao could not stand then domination by the Portuguese, which however, offered Christian education and taught the Portuguese language to the Muslim ethnic group with little feedback. Currently, there are a minimum estimated 450,000 Yao people living in Mozambique. They largely occupy the eastern and northern part of the Niassa province and form about 40% of the population of Lichinga, the capital of this province.
The Yao outside Mozambique.
The Yao moved into what is now the western region of Malawi around the 1830s, when they were active as farmers, and traders. Rich in culture, tradition, and music, the Yao are primarily Muslim, and count among their famous progeny a former President of the Republic of Malawi, Bakili Muluzi. The Yao had close ties with the Swahili on the coast during the late 19th century, and adopted some parts of their culture, such as architecture and Islam, but still kept their own national identity. Their close cooperation with the Arabs gave them access to firearms, which gave them an advantage in their many wars against neighbouring peoples, such as the Ngoni and the Chewa. The Yao actively resisted the German forces that were colonizing Southeast Africa (roughly today's Tanzania, Rwanda, and Burundi). In 1890, King Machemba issued a declaration to Commander von Wissman saying that he was open to trade but not willing to submit authority. After further engagements, the Yao ended up surrendering to German forces.
Language.
The Yao speak a Bantu language known as Chiyao ("chi-" being the class prefix for "language"), with an estimated 1,000,000 speakers in Malawi, 495,000 in Mozambique, and 492,000 in Tanzania. The nationality's traditional homeland is located between the Rovuma and the Lugenda Rivers in northern Mozambique. Other major languages of Malawi include Chichewa and Chitimbuka. They also speak the official language of the countries they inhabit, Swahili in Tanzania, English in Malawi and Tanzania, and Portuguese in Mozambique.

</doc>
<doc id="2925820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925820" title="Hong Ren">
Hong Ren

Hong Ren, who is also known as Hongren, (Chinese: 弘仁; 1610-1663) was an early Qing painter and a member of the Anhui (or Xin'an) school of painting. His birth name was Jiang Fang. After the fall of the Ming dynasty he became a monk, as did Zhu Da, Shitao, and Kun Can. They protested the fall of the Ming dynasty by becoming monks. Hong Ren's style has been said to " the world in a dematerialized, cleansed version ... revealing his personal peace through the liberating form of geometric abstraction."

</doc>
<doc id="2925838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925838" title="Leicester Royal Infirmary">
Leicester Royal Infirmary

The Leicester Royal Infirmary (LRI) is a large National Health Service hospital in Leicester, England. It is located to the south-west of the city centre. It has Leicester's accident and emergency department, and is part of the University Hospitals Leicester NHS Trust.
The hospital was originally founded in 1771 by Reverend William Watts, hosting 40 beds. Patients were forced to pay a deposit when they went in; if they went home, the money was repaid back, if they died their deposit would be spent on burying them. When first opened, there was no running water, but there was of course the nearby brewery, which was used to treat the patients. By 1808, the hospital had expanded by 20 beds, holding now 60. In 1808, the first matron was employed at £10 a year, this increased over the years, and many matrons and nurses helped patients recover, by looking after them, and making beds. There are many separate sections in the hospital, named after royal residences in Great Britain and Northern Ireland - Windsor, Balmoral, Osborne, Sandringham and Victoria. The Windsor building was opened by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in 1993.
The Hospital merged in April 2000 with Leicester General Hospital and Glenfield Hospital to form University Hospitals of Leicester.

</doc>
<doc id="2925840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925840" title="Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome">
Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome

Hoopers Lake Water Aerodrome is located in Deerfield, Nova Scotia, Canada and is open from April to November.

</doc>
<doc id="2925841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925841" title="Langille Lake Water Aerodrome">
Langille Lake Water Aerodrome

Langille Lake Water Aerodrome is located adjacent to Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia, Canada and is open from April to December.

</doc>
<doc id="2925842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925842" title="Liverpool/South Shore Regional Airport">
Liverpool/South Shore Regional Airport

Liverpool/South Shore Regional Airport or South Shore Regional Airport is a registered aerodrome located in Greenfield, north northwest of Liverpool, in the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925854" title="Jampur">
Jampur

Jampur (Saraiki language,), is a city and tehsil headquarters of Jampur Tehsil in Rajanpur District, Punjab Pakistan. It is located at 29°38'32" N, 70°35'45"E south of Dera Ghazi Khan, in the centre of Pakistan. It comprises an area of 2,322 square kilometers and has a population of almost 485,051 as per District Census Report (DCR) 1998.
Etymology.
The word Jampur has two parts: "JAM" and "PUR". "Jadam" faded into "jam" with the passage of time and "Pur" is a suffix used in local language which means "vivified by" or "populated by". Inicially it was called as "JadamPur" which later becamw Jampur.
A detailed History of the city is still written on the entrance wall of Govt. Boys High School Jampur founded in 1885.
History.
"Jampur"' is believed to have a long history. Evidence includes "Dalo Ra-oy ka theer" from which antiques for more than 2340 years old were found.
Local people.
Most people of Jampur are related to agriculture directly or indirectly. Main marketof the city of Jampur is called "SADAR BAZAR" which is very old market situated on the eastern side of the city called as "Old City". The old city is situated at a height of 15–20 Feet than new city in order to save it from water flood rising from Indus river in old days when it used to flow near Jampur.
Main road of old city is known as "Circular Road" that used to have 10 Darraas (Gates) to collect tax from peasants and merchants in Mughal's time.
Language.
Jampur is one of the maincity of Southern Punjab inwhich Seraiki is widely spoken.75% of the population speak seraiki language. Some Muhajari (Muhajir families Language including Casts like Qureshi,Mirza & Mughal) ,Urdu speaking families, Pathans, Balochs and punjabis also reside in Jampur.
Educational institutions.
Govt. Boys High School Jampur was founded in 1885 being the very first educational institute in the city. Jampur has many public high schools for education. The city has one public college for boys and one for girls.
Private sector in education has helped a lot to facilitate population in the city. A lot of English and Urdu Medium Institutes are working in the city.
Jampur has a Commerce College and Poly Technical College playing an important role in the development of professional education in Jampur. Govt. Vocational Training Institute for Women is also playing an important role in professional education which is affiliated from Punjab Board of Technical Education Lahore. The college is located a bit far from the city on the eastern side.
Medical Facilities.
Jampur has a Tehsil headquarters hospital (T.H.Q). In T.H.Q hospital few medical facilities are available. Two ambulances are also available for emergency measures. There is only one Dental Surgeon working in THQ Hospital Jampur. Tehsil Headquarters Hospital is also facilitated with emergency department which is working 24 hours a day. All the minor emergencies are being handled in this emergency department.
Transportation.
Jampur is one of punjab's most accessible cities. This includes public buses, as well as hundreds of rickshaws and Taxis. About 50% of residents have their own conveyances mostly bikes. The roads in the city are well maintained and are broadened when needed to meet increasing demands.
jampur have 2 by pass 
east by pass is underdeveloped
west by pass was developed but his road was not fine.
many buses trucks also cross jampur.the most famous buses adil shah choudhry express baloch expree and many other buses
Civic administration.
Tehsil Jampur has 19 Union Councils namely: Allahabad, Basti Rindan, Bokhara, Burrerywala, Dajal, Hajipur, Harrand, Jampur East, Jampur Gharbi, Kot Tahir, Kotla Dewan, Kotla Mughlan, Muhammad Pur, Noorpur Manjuwala, Noshahera, Tal Shumali, Tatarwala, Tibbi Lundan, Wah Leshari,Nawa Begrajj
Popularity.
Jampur city is famous for carvings on pens. People like to give the carved writing pens as gifts to others in the country and abroad as well. It is a classic art invented in Jampur.
Wooden artwork of Jampur is also famous. Jampuri chaarpai is famous for its thick and designed pillars. Jampuri cotton and tobacco crops are also famous throughout Pakistan. Jampur has a large pesticides market which is considered to be the biggest such market in Pakistan.
Agriculture.
The land of Jampur is very fertile in regard to agriculture. Cotton, and tobacco are the main corps here whereas maize, wheat are also produced in Jampur. Tobacco is generally exported to NWFP to make finest quality of naswar. Most of vegetables are also grown here. Mangoes and dates are common fruits grown in this region.

</doc>
<doc id="2925858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925858" title="David Hyrum Smith">
David Hyrum Smith

David Hyrum Smith (November 17, 1844 in Nauvoo, Illinois – August 29, 1904, in Elgin, Illinois) was an American religious leader, poet, painter, singer, philosopher, and naturalist. The youngest son of Joseph Smith, Jr. and Emma Hale Smith, he was an influential missionary and leader in the Latter Day Saint movement. He was born approximately five months after the murder of his father. Beginning in December 1847, he was raised by his mother and her second husband, Lewis C. Bidamon.
Smith was a highly effective missionary for the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (RLDS Church). From 1865 to 1873, he conducted missionary trips throughout the Midwest, Utah Territory, and California, debating preachers of different theologies, including representatives of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. From 1873 to 1885, Smith was a counselor to his brother Joseph Smith III in the First Presidency of the RLDS Church. He was also the father of Elbert A. Smith, who was a member of the First Presidency and a Presiding Patriarch in the RLDS Church.
Smith was called the "Sweet Singer of Israel" because many who knew him, who heard him sing, and joined him in song, stated that he was the most inspiring singer of God they had encountered. The Joseph Smith Historic Site, maintained by the Community of Christ, houses Smith's original paintings of Nauvoo, Illinois.
In a 1998 biography of Smith, "From Mission to Madness: Last Son of the Mormon Prophet", author Valeen Tippetts Avery describes Smith's mental deterioration, starting with a probable breakdown early in 1870 and ending with his 1904 death in the Northern Illinois Hospital and Asylum for the Insane in Elgin, Illinois.
In an 1869 letter to his mother, Emma Smith, at age 24, Smith wrote: 
Smith was confined in the institution for twenty-seven years. Avery's book draws on a large body of Smith's correspondence and poetry to examine both his personality and his emotional state.

</doc>
<doc id="2925867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925867" title="Quizzing in India">
Quizzing in India

Quizzing in India is quite popular, and has developed its own, unique flavour. Quizzing in India is different from American and British quizzing in that it is diverse, with different genres catering to different geographical regions, age groups, interests, etc.
Neil O'Brien was an early pioneer of quizzing in India. O'Brien conducted the first well-organized, formal quiz in 1967 at Christ the King Church Parish Hall in Calcutta (now Kolkata). O'Brien, who had recently returned from England and had been exposed to the Pub quiz culture there, brought quizzing first to the Anglo-Indian community before it became popular among a wider audience. O'Brien remained active in quizzing, later hosting popular quiz show broadcasts, including the "North Star Quiz." On 12 April 1972, Bournvita Quiz Contest, for high school students, become the first quiz show to be broadcast on radio in India; it was among the most popular programmes in the region. Hamid Sayani, followed by his brother Ameen, were the show's first quizmasters. It ran for over a decade and was later revived as a television quiz in the late 90s.
The first quiz show to become nationally popular was "Quiz Time," which had its first season in 1985. Quizmaster Siddhartha Basu, labelled as the "grandfather of the quiz game in India," is credited with making quizzing a household world. Basu later went on to host other shows, including "India Quiz." In 2000, the Kaun Banega Crorepati quiz, modeled after Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, reignited nationwide interest in quizzing, becoming one of the most popular quiz shows of all time. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925878" title="Collaboration Data Objects">
Collaboration Data Objects

Collaboration Data Objects (CDO), previously known as OLE Messaging or Active Messaging, is an application programming interface included with Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Exchange Server products. The library allows developers to access the Global Address List and other server objects, in addition to the contents of mailboxes and public folders. 
CDO is a technology for building messaging or collaboration applications. CDO can be used separately or in connection with Outlook Object Model to gain more access over Outlook. CDO is not a part of Outlook Object Model and it doesn't provide any event-based functionality, nor can Outlook objects be manipulated using CDO.
Starting with Exchange 2007, neither the Messaging API (MAPI) client libraries nor CDO 1.2.1 are provided as a part of the base product installation. They are available as downloads.

</doc>
<doc id="2925885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925885" title="Lovesickness">
Lovesickness

Lovesickness describes the informal syndrome of rejected or unrequited love or the absence of a loved one and covers physical as well as mental symptoms. It is not to be confused with the condition of being lovestruck. 
Although typically harmless it can for some personalities lead to serious physical or mental illness, sometimes even culminating in attempted suicide. In psychology, lovesickness is seldom acknowledged.
Many people believe lovesickness to be an illness created as an explanation to longings, but it can cause depression and lead to various mental health issues. Lovesickness can make you feel either extremely sad and disappointed or very happy and over-excited.
Love as a Mental Illness.
Literature and poetry has always described love as a kind of madness, and the medical profession takes a similar approach. According to the Hippocratic Medicine view, passionate love will almost always fade or turn into 'love melancholy’- this is a form of depression or sadness. Passionate love is the love in the "honeymoon phase", the beginning of new love, but it burns itself out after a year or two, compassionate love is what occurs after passionate love fades, it is a stronger bond of companionship. In both cases, lovesickness can be experienced if love is lost or unrequited.
As early as 1915, Freud asked rhetorically, "Isn't what we mean by 'falling in love' a kind of sickness and craziness, an illusion, a blindness to what the loved person is really like. Even before that, in 360 B.C.E Plato once said, “Love is a serious mental disease,” and Socrates added that “Love is a madness”, and how true are these wise words. Love sickness isn’t just a form of expression for those head-over-heels, but has been studied as an actual illness.
Scientific study on the topic of lovesickness has found that those in love experience a kind of high similar to that cause by illicit drugs such as cocaine. In the brain, certain neurotransmitters– phenethylamine, dopamine, norepinephrine and oxytocin – elicit the feeling of high from “love” or “falling in love” using twelve different regions of the brain. These neurotransmitters mimic the feeling of amphetamines.
On average a psychologist does not get referrals from general practitioners mentioning "lovesickness", although this can be prevalent through the language of what the patient feels. With the common symptoms of lovesickness being related to other mental diseases, it is often misdiagnosed or it is found that with all the illnesses one could be facing, love is the underlying problem. This is incredibly dangerous when one does not seek help or cannot cope because love has been known to be fatal (a consequence of which might be attempted suicide, thus dramatising the ancient contention that love can be fatal).
Symptoms.
Dr. Frank Tallis, a researcher in the topic of love and lovesickness, suggests in his 2005 article that lovesickness occurs when one is “truly, madly, deeply” in love and should be taken more seriously by medical professionals. Similarly, health experts agree that lovesickness has been known to kill and the diagnosis process should be taken more seriously. Symptoms of lovesickness are usually misdiagnosed for various other diseases or mental health issues such as OCD, this is because love sickness is less commonly recognized as a mental health issue in itself even though lovesickness is an extremely common, widespread disease.
Tallis includes a list of common symptoms of love sickness: 
According to Tallis, many symptoms of being lovesick can be categorized under the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders) and the ICD-10 (International Classification of Diseases). Obsessive-Compulsive disorder (OCD) is a symptom of lovesickness because it includes a preoccupation, this would include constantly checking your cellphone, Facebook, the hoarding of valueless items, etc. A further study conducted by an Italian Psychiatrist Donatella Marazitti found that when people fall in love their estimated serotonin levels drop to levels found in patients with OCD, this level is significantly lower than that of an average or healthy person.
Literary Example.
The classic play by William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet" portrays the true madness of "love" and the grief that the two young, infatuated lovers feel. When Romeo finds his love dead (or so he believes), with the thought of living without his "true love", the grief and depression overcomes him and he takes his own life. Juliet, after awaking and upon seeing his dead body is also overcome with despair and takes her own life.

</doc>
<doc id="2925890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925890" title="Margaree Airport">
Margaree Airport

Margaree Airport is located east southeast of Margaree Centre, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925891" title="Middle Stewiacke Airport">
Middle Stewiacke Airport

Middle Stewiacke Airport is an abandoned airport that was located adjacent to the Stewiacke River near Middle Stewiacke, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The airport was listed as abandoned as of 13 April 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2925893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925893" title="New Germany Water Aerodrome">
New Germany Water Aerodrome

New Germany Water Aerodrome is located adjacent to New Germany, Nova Scotia, Canada and is open from April to November.

</doc>
<doc id="2925894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925894" title="Port Hawkesbury Airport">
Port Hawkesbury Airport

Port Hawkesbury Airport is located north of Port Hawkesbury, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2925896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925896" title="Lovesick">
Lovesick

Lovesick is a 1983 romantic comedy film. It was written and directed by Marshall Brickman. It stars Dudley Moore and Elizabeth McGovern and features Alec Guinness as the ghost of Sigmund Freud.
Plot.
Psychologist Saul Benjamin takes on a patient temporarily as a favor to a colleague friend, Otto Jaffe, who is infatuated with her. After her doctor dies, Chloe Allen comes to see Dr. Benjamin and immediately he is smitten with her, too.
The doctor-patient relationship is violated by Dr. Benjamin's romantic impulses toward Chloe and by his intense jealousy of anyone who comes near her, including Ted Caruso, an arrogant Broadway actor with whom she has become involved. The psychiatrist's wife also is carrying on an affair with Jac Applezweig, an artist.
The ghost of Dr. Sigmund Freud, the father of modern psychology, visits Dr. Benjamin from time to time to dispense warnings and wisdom. Benjamin's work begins to suffer as he abandons patients like Mrs. Mondragon, finding her tedious, and treats the cakeia of another, Marvin Zuckerman, by designing a peculiar handmade hat for him to wear.
A board of inquiry calls in Dr. Benjamin to consider revoking his license. In the end, he admits his feelings to Chloe and concludes that he prefers true love to treating the sick.

</doc>
<doc id="2925897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925897" title="Porters Lake Airport">
Porters Lake Airport

Porters Lake Airport is located south of the community of Porters Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada. This aerodrome is located on privately owned land with lake frontage on Porters Lake, where the Porters Lake Water Aerodrome is also located.

</doc>
<doc id="2925898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925898" title="Porters Lake Water Aerodrome">
Porters Lake Water Aerodrome

Porters Lake Water Aerodrome is located south of Porters Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada and is open from April to November.

</doc>
<doc id="2925905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925905" title="Marañón, Navarre">
Marañón, Navarre

Marañón is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925907" title="CCA2">
CCA2

CCA2 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2925910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925910" title="Yadavindra Public School">
Yadavindra Public School

Yadavindra Public School, is a boarding-cum-day school located in Patiala, Punjab India.
Considered among the top rung of Indian Public Schools, it was founded in 1948, by Late His Highness Maharaja Yadavindra Singh, father of former Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh. 
Following partition, children of many families in Patiala found themselves separated from the school they were studying at, Aitchison College, Lahore. Therefore, Maharaja Yadavindra Singh started the school initially for displaced student and teachers of Aitchison College, Lahore, and thus the two share a common alumni, represented by AYOSA (Aitchison Yadavindrian Old Students Association).
This school is a member of the Indian Public Schools' Conference and is affiliated to the CISCE board. Yadavindra Public School, Mohali is a branch of this school.
YPS offers an all-round education to its students. Apart from its stadium (built for the proposed Commonwealth Games in 1938), this co-educational school has a 25 metre swimming pool for its students, 3 full-sized grounds for hockey and football, one cricket field and horse riding grounds as the school owns several horses. In addition to this, the school offers other sporting facilities in the form of basketball, badminton and tennis courts. 
The school's focus, however, remains on Cricket and Hockey. The popularity of Tennis has been fueled by four modern synthetic hard courts and two coaches.
The school has seen an increase in extra curricular activities including music and drama. Over the past few years, the library has expanded its collection, including reference books, journals and magazines. 
The school's annual day is celebrated in February and is usually companied by exhibitions and performances by the children. Past principals include Lt Col. Frankton Von Goldstein, Mr H.N. Kashyap, Dr Harish Dhillon, Mr Pramod Sharma and Mr Ajit Singh Jawanda.
History.
The genesis of YPS, as a matter of fact, lies in the Aitchison College, Lahore (the only Public School in Pre-Partition Punj
This was the college not for all, but only for scions of princes and potentates, lords and aristocrats. His Highness the late Maharajadhiraj Yadavindra Singh of Patiala, from whose name this school derives its significance, was also a student of this college and later a member of its Board of Governors. But he was against restrictions in admission of boys to Aitchson College and had an idea of opening a public school at Patiala which would be open to all, irrespective of caste, creed or colour. However, this idea somehow could not be translated into reality.
August 1946 came, the time which witnessed the most bestial bloodshed of the era. The parents of the boys from Patiala and His Highness' own contemporaries appealed to His Highness to give shape to his old idea of starting a public school in Patiala. The generous, bountiful and benign ruler of Patiala, who had always taken keen interest in the education of the youth of this country, promptly acceded to the request. On 11 October 1946 the late Rai Bahadur Dhani Ram Kapila, one of the old teachers of His Highness and the Headmaster of Aitchison College, was brought to Patiala from Ludhiana under military escort. On 12 October, a six member committee was appointed to explore the possibilities of founding the public school in Patiala.
On 30 October 1946 the Maharaja of Patiala, members of the Committee and departmental heads visited the Stadium and Exhibition Grounds to select the site for the school and for a temporary building for the boarding house. The Yadavindra Stadium was made available for classrooms and Bhupindra Kothi for boarding house. On 2 February 1947 the school started functioning with a meagre strength of 21 students and 9 teachers, with Rai Bahadur Dhani Ram Kapila as the Principal. The school was an improvement on Aitchison College in that there was no social restriction on the admission of students. Anyone without any prejudice to race, belief or faith could join the school.
In 1950, we attended the Indian Public School's Conference and YPS was elected a member of the Conference. The same year Rai Bahadur Dhani Ram Kapila had a stroke of partial paralysis which eventually necessitated his having to relinquish charge of the school. On 18 September 1950 Lt. Col. Frank Von Goldstein took over and shouldered the responsibility. From a small beginning we continued to grow steadily; and now we had more boys on roll than we officially had room for, with still more clamouring for admission.
In 1954, the school was made co-educational; with the number of students still increasing, we had to beg, borrow or build more accommodation and increase the number of playing fields. The existing boarding house facilities were expanded and a third boarding house was opened in 1953. In 1957, His Highness the Maharaja of Patiala placed Lal Bagh at our disposal. For playing fields, we levelled the areas between the boarding houses and the stadium.
Management.
Principal
Mr. Stanley Vinod Kumar 
Bursar
Col. K.D. Dutta (Retd)
Vice Principal
Mrs. Nishi Bhatnagar 
Dean
Mr. Diljit Singh 
Staff.
The school has a team of about 100 teachers.The school conducts in-service training programmes on teaching methods and educational ideas to help the staff improve their skills. Faculty members of each department meet together frequently and discuss issues related to curriculum, progress of students and share innovative teaching methodology.

</doc>
<doc id="2925916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925916" title="Ky Kiske">
Ky Kiske

Despite of critics about being a generic character or "nancy", the video game reviewers has commended his fighting abilities and some of his personality traits. Additionally, his relationship with his main rival, Sol Badguy, that was compared to that of other notable video game characters, has been mostly met with positive critical reception. 
Creation.
Ky Kiske is named after German band Helloween's members Kai Hansen and Michael Kiske. Ride the Lightning and Rising Force, two of his moves, had inspiration on albums by Metallica and Yngwie Malmsteen respectively. His theme song, "Holy Orders (Be Just or Be Dead)", is a reference for Iron Maiden's "Be Quick or Be Dead".
Appearances.
Orphaned at the age of 10 during the Holy War, a 100-year-war between mankind and bio-organic weapons called "Gears", he met the then-commander of the Sacred Order of Holy Knights (Seikishidan), Kliff Undersn. Ky was told to come back after five years of training if he really wanted to fight, and it was what he did. Due to the Undersn's retirement, the 16-year-old Ky Kiske was named the new chief of the Order. With the appointment, he was given the , one of the Order's holiest treasures and a weapon that allows the wielder to manipulate lightning. He led them to win, ending the war, and with its aim reached the Order was disbanded. Five years later, Ky entered the International Police Force, where he is the captain.
Ky enters a tournament that will select members for a second Sacred Order of Holy Knights at the start of "Guilty Gear" (1998) after hearing rumors of the possible resurrection of Justice, a Commander Gear who was in the leadership of the Gears during the Holy War. In "Guilty Gear X" (2000), Ky hears new rumors, these ones of a new Commander Gear that does not wish to harm humans—Dizzy. He sets out to find the flaws of his own concept of justice. In "Guilty Gear X2" (2002), he returns to his normal duties as a captain of the IPF after rescuing a beaten Dizzy and entrusting her to Johnny's care. When he returns to work, Ky is thrust into a new conspiracy which includes robot clones of himself—called —, a secret organization, I-No, and his rival, Sol Badguy. On its sequel, "Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus" (2008), after discovering Post-War Administration Bureau's interest in Dizzy, Ky abandons his post in police, protects her, and helps Dizzy to control her power.
In "" (2007), Ky is the king of a land called Illyria. He has a new sword as he is keeping his love—Dizzy—sealed within the Thunderseal's power to preserve her existence. Having grown much more mature and composed over the years, his rivalry and animosity towards Sol has diminished, having entrusted his half-Gear son, Sin, to Sol. However, he is at constant conflict towards his own ineptitude of being a father and a husband due to its bias regarding Gears.
Ky is a playable character in "Guilty Gear Xrd" (2014).
He is also a playable character in the spin-off games "Guilty Gear Petit" (2001), "Isuka" (2003), "Dust Strikers" (2006), and "Judgment" (2006).
Reception.
In a 2013 poll conducted by Arc System Works, Ky was voted as the fourth most popular character from the series. IGN called Ky one of the cast "more generic characters". Also, they described him "the appalling bishonen horror of the 'nice guy'", and "just a bit of a nancy", citing his blond hair, soft voice, teacup hobby, and the fact that he is French as the reasons to qualify him with such adjective. However, they noted him as "one of the more well-rounded "GGX" characters" and praised his fighting abilities as a character. Writing about the different fighting styles in the series, Siliconera stated he has a "more direct, hitstun-heavy playstyle" than other characters. Comparing him to "BlazBlue"s Jin Kisaragi, Todd Ciolek from Anime News Network, though had found some similarities between Ky and Jin, declared they are not the same character "because Ky was amusingly over-earnest and sympathetic" which Ciolek claimed Jin is not.
His relation with Sol Badguy has also been commended. Ciolek described it as a "true relationship", and IGN's writer Ryan Clements qualified them as "a legendary pair", while Vincent Ingenito of the same site said "Ky and Sol might very well have been the next Ryu and Ken...or at least the next Scorpion and Sub-Zero". Writing for GameSpy, Benjamin Turner, who also praised his "great name", commented that the duo "are the closest you'll get to a Ken and Ryu, but they look approximately a thousand times cooler." On the same subject, but in other article, Clements, however, wrote that their clashes are "great melodrama".

</doc>
<doc id="2925928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925928" title="Wu Changshuo">
Wu Changshuo

Wu Changshuo (September 12, 1844 - November 29, 1927), born Wu Junqing, was a prominent painter, calligrapher and seal artist of the late Qing Period.
Wu was born into a scholarly family in Huzhou, Zhejiang. In his twenties, Wu moved to Jiangsu Province and settled down in Suzhou. Prior to the collapse of the Great Qing, he served as an imperial official in Liaoning.
Initially, he devoted himself to poetry and calligraphy with a strong interest in early scripts. He also led the Xiling Society of the Seal Art, an academic organisation for Hangzhou-based seal artists. Only later did he consider himself a painter associated with the "Shanghai school." As a painter, he was noted for helping to rejuvenate the art of painting flowers and birds. He considered carving seals and doing paintings to be integrated to each other.
His work garnered him fame and was highly regarded in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="2925929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925929" title="Ella Guevara">
Ella Guevara

Ella Guevara (born Janella Denise Yuson Guevara, August 19, 1998, Quezon City, Philippines) is a Filipina child actress. She rose to fame through her appearance on a talent search on television called "StarStruck Kids" that aired on the Filipino television channel GMA 7. Although she did not go on to win the said competition, she has since gone on to make several television and film appearances, mostly on GMA Network and has proven her worth as a child actress when she won as best child actress 5 times in a row, making her one of the most popular child actresses in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="2925936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925936" title="El Agheila">
El Agheila

El Agheila () is a coastal city at the bottom of the Gulf of Sidra in far western Cyrenaica, Libya. In 1988 it was placed in Ajdabiya District; between 1995 and 2001 the district name is not known; however, it was again placed into Ajdabiya District in 2001. In 2007, El Agheila was placed within the enlarged Al Wahat District.
El Agheila is best known to history as the site of several Second World War battles during the North African Campaign.
History.
El Agheila is the site of the Roman fortified town of Anabucis and its Greek precursor Automala.
During the Italian occupation El Agheila was the site of a concentration camp for Bedouins. The camp was just south of town and housed over 10,000 inmates. Thousands of Bedouin died there.
World War II.
In February 1941, El Agheila was taken by the British Western Desert Force following their destruction of the Italian Tenth Army in Operation Compass. The British halted there while most of the Western Desert Force was moved to deal with the Axis's invasion of Greece. This gave the German Afrika Korps under Erwin Rommel a chance to arrive and launch an offensive which retook El Agheila in March and drove the British all the way back to Tobruk and the Egyptian frontier. Rommel would further fortify the city and use it as a base for his operations. After being driven back from Tobruk following Operation Crusader in December 1941, the Afrika Korps fell back to El Agheila, halting their retreat and the British advance there.
In January 1942, Rommel launched a new offensive at El Agheila, which would again drive the British back towards Tobruk. This time he would capture Tobruk and advance into Egypt before being halted at El Alamein in July 1942 and decisively defeated there in November. The Afrika Korps was broken, and its retreating remnants gave up El Agheila for the final time to the advancing British Eighth Army in December 1942.
Libyan civil war.
During the Libyan civil war, the town was taken by anti-Gaddafi forces in early March, retaken by forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi in mid-March, and retaken again by NTC forces in late March only to be once again taken by government forces a couple of days later. It was retaken a third time by anti-Gaddafi forces in August.

</doc>
<doc id="2925939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925939" title="Relationalism">
Relationalism

Relationalism is any theoretical position that gives importance to the relational nature of things. For relationalism, things exist and function only as relational entities. Relationalism may be contrasted with relationism, which tends to emphasize relations per se.
Relationalism (philosophical theory).
Relationalism in a broader sense applies to any system of thought that gives importance to the relational nature of reality. But in its narrower and philosophically restricted sense as propounded by the Indian philosopher Joseph Kaipayil and others, relationalism refers to the theory of reality that interprets the existence, nature, and meaning of things in terms of their relationality or relatedness. On the relationalist view, things are neither self-standing entities nor vague events but relational particulars. Particulars are inherently relational, as they are ontologically open to other particulars in their constitution and action. Particulars, as relational particulars, are the ultimate constituents of reality. Particulars interact and make the very fabric of reality.
Relationalism (theory of space and time).
In discussions about space and time, the name relationalism (more appropriately called relationism) refers to Leibniz's relationist notion of space and time as against Newton's substantivalist views. According to Newton’s substantivalism, space and time are entities in their own right, existing independently of things. Leibniz’s relationism, on the other hand, describes space and time as systems of relations that exist between objects.
Relationalism (colour theory).
Relationalism in colour theory, as defended by Jonathan Cohen and others, means the view that colours of an object are constituted partly in terms of relations with the perceiver. An anti-relationalist view about colour, on the other hand, would insist colours are object-dependent.
Relationalism (social theory).
In social theory, relationalism is often contrasted with substantivalism. While substantivalism (also called substantialism) tends to view individuals as self-subsistent entities capable of social interaction, relationalism underscores the social human practices and the individual’s transactional contexts and reciprocal relations. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925941" title="Toshiba TS921">
Toshiba TS921

The Toshiba TS921 ("Vodafone 902T" in Japan) is a Vodafone 3G model mobile phone manufactured by Toshiba. It comes in red, silver and black colours. It is on sale in Japan and a few other countries through Vodafone. It features a web browser which can read normal web pages, two cameras, one with a maximum resolution of 1200 X 1600 pixels. It can swivel the screen through 180 degrees and folded, and hence used identically to a camera. It uses the 3G network and thus can be used both inside and outside Japan. It connects to a computer USB via a standard Vodafone cable.

</doc>
<doc id="2925944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925944" title="Marcilla">
Marcilla

Marcilla is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925948" title="Mañeru">
Mañeru

Mañeru is a small village and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925949" title="Stanley Airport">
Stanley Airport

Stanley Airport is located in Stanley, Hants County, Nova Scotia, Canada, approximately northeast of Windsor.
History.
Stanley was built as RCAF Station Stanley in March 1941 to train pilots as part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. The airport was the base for the Royal Canadian Air Force's No. 17 Elementary Flying School which trained thousands of pilots for the Second World War. The school operated two dozen de Havilland Tiger Moth aircraft to train pilots along with a Link Trainer, an early flight simulator equipped with gauges to simulate a real aircraft. At its peak Stanley trained four 30-student classes simultaneously for six weeks of flight training before graduates passed on to advanced training at other bases. The station was closed in 1944 as the war came to a close but was taken over in 1968 by the Dartmouth Experimental Aircraft Association, which upgraded the runways and built some hangars. The association evolved into the Stanley Sport Aviation Association.
The Nova Scotia Department of Natural Resources used the airport's large World War II maintenance hangar after the war before turning it over to Stanly Sport Aviation. This distinctive wood hangar had a control tower at one corner and was once the largest building in Hants County. It was demolished in 2006 due to deterioration of the structure.
Today.
At present, the airport is home to Stanley Sport Aviation Association, a group of private aircraft owners and aviation enthusiasts who lease and maintain the field. The airport still has three runways built in the standard BCATP triangular pattern, although the wartime paving has been replaced by grass. The number of runways, close proximity to Halifax and the absence of landing fees make it popular with aviation enthusiasts. Every year over the Labour Day weekend, SSA hosts the annual Stanley Fly-In, which first took place in 1971 and is touted by the club as being the oldest fly-in in Canada. This fly-in is well known in the region, and attracts about 100 aircraft and 2000 visitors from across Canada and the north-eastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2925951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925951" title="Sydney/J.A. Douglas McCurdy Airport">
Sydney/J.A. Douglas McCurdy Airport

Sydney/J.A. Douglas McCurdy Airport, , is located within the Cape Breton Regional Municipality, east northeast of Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada, in the community of Reserve Mines.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle aircraft with no more than 44 passengers, however they can handle up to 200 if the aircraft is unloaded in stages.
Renaming.
On 27 July 2009 Sydney Airport was renamed after John Alexander Douglas McCurdy, who was a Canadian aviation pioneer who first flew the Silver Dart, holder of Canada's first pilot's license and a Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia from 1947 to 1952.
Misidentification.
Over the years, several travellers have been sent to this airport after their travel agents mistook it for the Sydney Airport in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2925952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925952" title="Mendavia">
Mendavia

Mendavia is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Postal code is 31587.
Mendavia is an agricultural town. It produces high-quality asparagus, peaches and a certain variety of large red pepper.
Roque Romero Sainz (died 1997), active promoter of baseball in Spain between 1940 and 1970, was born in Mendavia in 1910. He was the founder of one of the rare baseball clubs in Spain, Pops CB, and became chairman of the Catalan Baseball Federation for a while.

</doc>
<doc id="2925959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925959" title="Mendaza">
Mendaza

Mendaza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Battle of Mendaza took place here in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="2925962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925962" title="Mendigorría">
Mendigorría

Mendigorría is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Battle of Mendigorría took place here in 1835.

</doc>
<doc id="2925966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925966" title="List of shopping centres in Australia">
List of shopping centres in Australia

This is a list of notable shopping centres in Australia. It does not include street shopping strips such as Chapel Street, Melbourne or Oxford Street, Sydney which were prevalent in Australian cities until the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="2925968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925968" title="Metauten">
Metauten

Metauten is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925973" title="Bertin">
Bertin

St. Bertin (c. 615 – c. 709) was a saint and abbot of an abbey in Saint-Omer later named Saint Bertin Abbey after him.
He was born near Coutances. At an early age, he entered the monastery of Luxeuil in France where, under the austere rule of St. Columbanus, he prepared himself for his future missionary career. About the year 638 he set out, in company with two confrères, Mummolin and Ebertram, for the extreme northern part of France in order to assist his friend and kinsman, Bishop St. Omer, in the evangelization of the Morini. This country, now in the "département" of Pas-de-Calais, was then one vast marsh, studded here and there with hillocks and overgrown with seaweed and bulrushes. On one of these hillocks, Bertin and his companions built a small house whence they went out daily to preach the word of God among the natives, most of whom were still heathens. 
Gradually some converted heathens joined the little band of missionaries and a larger monastery had to be built. A tract of land called Sithiu had been donated to Omer by a converted nobleman named Adrowald. Omer now turned this whole tract over to the missionaries, who selected a suitable place on it for their new monastery. Additional villages were granted by Count Waldebert, later a monk at Bertin's monastery of Sythiu and eventually abbot of Luxueil and canonized, who gave his son at the baptismal font to Bertin, from whom the boy received his name and his education. The community grew so rapidly that in a short time this monastery also became too small and another was built where the city of St. Omer now stands.
The fame of Bertin's learning and sanctity was so great that in a short time more than 150 monks lived under his rule, among them St. Winnoc and his three companions who had come from Brittany to join Bertin's community and assist in the conversion of the heathen. When nearly the whole neighbourhood was Christianized, and the marshy land transformed into a fertile plain, Bertin, knowing that his death was not far off, appointed Rigobert, a pious monk, as his successor, while he himself spent the remainder of his life preparing for a happy death. Bertin began to be venerated as a saint soon after his death. His feast day is celebrated on 5 September.
Shortly after Bertin's death the abbey received the name of Saint-Bertin. Mummolin, perhaps because he was the oldest of the missionaries, was abbot of the two monasteries until he succeeded the deceased St. Eligius as Bishop of Noyon, about the year 659. Waldebert's son Bertin, adopted by Bertin the founder, then became the third abbot. 
In medieval times the Abbey of St. Bertin was famous as a centre of sanctity and learning. The "Annales Bertiniani" (830–882; "Mon. Germ. Hist. Script." I, 419–515) are important for the contemporary history of the West Frankish Kingdom. The abbey church, now in ruins, was one of the finest 14th-century Gothic edifices. In later times, its library, archives, and art-treasures were renowned both in and out of France. The monks were expelled in 1791 and in 1799 the abbey and its church were sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="2925974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925974" title="Milagro, Navarre">
Milagro, Navarre

Milagro is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925979" title="Mirafuentes">
Mirafuentes

Mirafuentes is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
This town is close to the Codés mountain range, part of which falls within its municipal term.

</doc>
<doc id="2925980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925980" title="Roberts Cycles">
Roberts Cycles

Roberts Cycles is a custom bicycle manufacturer in Selhurst near Croydon, South London. 
Beginning soon after World War II, Charlie Roberts started as a frame-builder for Holdsworth, Claud Butler and Freddie Grubb. 
In the early 1960s, he started Roberts Cycles in Croydon. He was joined in the workshop by his teenage son Chas. In 1979, Charlie died and Chas took over. 

</doc>
<doc id="2925981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925981" title="Follow shot">
Follow shot

Follow shot or "tracking shot" is a specific camera angle in which the subject being filmed is seemingly pursued by the camera, for example by an steadicam. The follow shot can be achieved through tracking devices, panning, the use of a crane, and zoom lenses resulting in different qualitative images but, nevertheless, recording a subject (performer) in motion.
Usage.
Follow shots are typically used in film to establish audience alignment with the perspective of the character being followed. The audience is made aware of the character's presence and is able to observe them in action, while also being forced to identify with the character. It is considered neither first-person perspective 
nor third-person perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="2925982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925982" title="Miranda de Arga">
Miranda de Arga

Miranda de Arga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2925994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2925994" title="Environmental Risk Management Authority">
Environmental Risk Management Authority

The Environmental Risk Management Authority (ERMA) was a New Zealand government agency which controlled the introduction of hazardous substances and new organisms.
ERMA was principally responsible for implementing the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996 (HSNO). It was disestablished on 30 June 2011 and the functions were incorporated into the Environmental Protection Agency.
The aim of ERMA was stated as:
The Authority of ERMA New Zealand made decisions on applications under Part V of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act, by evaluating risks, costs and benefits, placing conditions on approvals; and making decisions on transitional licences and other approvals. 
ERMA New Zealand's Authority used risk management principles contained in the Methodology to guide its work.
Under the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms (HSNO) Act 1996, the Authority was required to consider and weigh up the adverse and beneficial effects of a new organism or substance. The detailed decisions of the Authority also give an insight into how it has dealt with different aspects of risks, costs and benefits.
To mitigate any risks they applied controls (where relevant and possible) to the application, just as in everyday life we wear seatbelts to reduce the risks associated with driving. The controls might include housing the organism or substance in a specially designed laboratory or they may be to wear protective equipment when handling a certain hazardous chemical.
The Authority's role was to manage risks to the environment and to public health, and they do this through their decision-making processes on applications. When ERMA New Zealand received an application to import a new organism or a new substance they weigh up the adverse and beneficial effects on society, the environment, public health etc. and in many cases ask the general public to make submissions as to whether the new organism or substance should be allowed into New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="2926005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926005" title="Camp Hill, Queensland">
Camp Hill, Queensland

Camp Hill is a largely residential suburb in the south-east of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is located approximately from the Brisbane central business district and, as its name suggests, is elevated and commands fine views of the CBD. It has an area of 4.6 square kilometres.
Demographics.
Camp Hill is from Brisbane’s CBD. Over 43% of households in this area consist of couples with children and a further 39% are couples without children. Stand alone houses account for nearly 86% of all dwellings, with townhouses and units accounting for a further 13%. Camp Hill has a variety of housing styles – everything from renovated Queenslanders through to modern dwellings.
In the 2011 Census the population of Camp Hill is 10,533, 51% female and 49% male.
The median/average age of the Camp Hill population is 35 years of age, 2 years below the Australian average.
79.9% of people living in Camp Hill were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were New Zealand 3.1%, England 3%, India 1%, Italy 0.7%, South Africa 0.6%.
88% of people speak English as their first language 1.2% Italian, 0.9% Greek, 0.6% Spanish, 0.5% Punjabi, 0.4% Vietnamese.
History.
Camp Hill, on the south side of Brisbane, derives its name from the fact that is was once actually a stopover area for people travelling to Brisbane's coastline.
"We find it hard to understand now - why would you need to camp on the way to Cleveland?" comments Brian Randall from the State Library of Queensland. "But it was a really long, hard journey, there were creeks to cross, it was very difficult, so the journey took a couple of days."
So teamsters and other travellers stopped and rested at a waterhole or spring in the area and that's where the name came from. "There would have been an inn or a trading shop - they camped at the base of the hill," adds Brian.
The original early settlers in the area were farmers, with a strong German influence in the community in the early period. In the 1860s, McCann's Greenbank Diary was in operation, and Peter Faust was also farming in that era.
In 1873, the White family purchased on high land that became known as White's Hill, which is still the name of a locality within the suburb of Camp Hill. Robert White, who was a joiner, originally built a slab hut on the northern centre of the hill and was farming (dairy cows, pigs). By the 1920s, he'd built a road to the summit of the hill and built a large home on the summit. A two-storey tower at the northern end was included and was used as an observatory. This is now a public reserve.
It was in the 1880s that a real land and housing boom began, however. In 1882, Isaac Bennett established a rose farm on the corner of Bennett's and Old Cleveland Roads (this land was eventually subdivided). In 1886, John and Thirza Zahel acquired land between Dorothy Lane and Pampling Street and established a vineyard and orchard, and in 1890, the Fiveash family established a dairy as well as a fruit and vegetable farm on land at the corner of Clara St and Stanley Rd.
The US Army had a significant impact on the area during the Second World War. A large US hospital was built on land to the rear of the Camp Hill Hotel. It accommodated up to 3,000 patients and staff. Now Arrol, Errey, Ascham, Morven, Aubrey and Arrowsmith Streets take up the site. These street follow the same pattern as the US constructed hospital roads.
Other local street names include Hobart, Sydney and Melbourne Avenue, which are the names of World War I ships as well as Australian capital cities.
Lossock Avenue and Tranters Avenue share an interesting history: in 1921, a Charles Lossock of Devon in England was staying at the Tranters Hotel in London, where he met a Brisbane architect who was subdividing land in the Camp Hill area. This architect became friendly with Mr Lossocks and promised to name a street in the new estate after him, as well as one after the Tranters Hotel.
Other significant dates:
Trams.
Between 1912 and 1926 the suburb was serviced by a steam tram which connected with the Queensland Government Railway at Norman Park. Initially the service was operated by the Belmont Shire Council. The service was suspended in 1924. The service was reinstated by the Brisbane City Council in 1925, but was again suspended in 1926. The tracks, which followed the present Oateson Skyline Drive (in Seven Hills), Ferguson Road and Old Cleveland Road, remained in place until 1934, by which time an electric tram line had been extended up Old Cleveland Road from Coorparoo. The electric tram ceased operations in April 1969. As at November 2012 some of the tram tracks remain in Old Cleveland Road. During the expected construction of the Eastern Busway, it is likely that these tracks will be removed.
Amenities.
Camp Hill has a large shopping centre in the "Whites Hill" area of the town (Centro Samuel Village) Which includes Woolworths, a Beer Wine Spirits and a few smaller stores. There are also a few smaller stores along Old Cleveland Road.
Camp Hill has a bowls club [http://camphillbowls.net/] located on Ferguson Road. The Whites Hill Reserve contains touch football and Holland Park Hawks facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="2926009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926009" title="Monreal, Navarre">
Monreal, Navarre

Monreal (Basque: Elo) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It had a population of 295 in 2002. It lies on the old Aragonese pilgrim's road to Santiago de Compostela, a tributary path of the Way of St James.
History.
In 1185 Berengaria of Navarre was given the fief of Monreal by her father Sancho VI of Navarre, possibly to enhance her status in view of her bethrothal to Richard I of England.

</doc>
<doc id="2926014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926014" title="Monteagudo">
Monteagudo

Monteagudo is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2926015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926015" title="Dmitry Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii">
Dmitry Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii

Dmitry Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii (, 1825–1899) was a Russian infantry General and a politician, of the Svyatopolk-Mirsky family.
Dmitry was born to the family of Thomas Bogumile Jean Sviatopolk-Mirskii, the ambassador of the semi-independent Kingdom of Poland to Russia. Dmitry's patronymic "Ivanovich" was based on a Russified form of the third name of his father. Despite being a member of a Polish szlachta he was brought up in Saint Petersburg and considered himself Russian.
He began his military service in 1841 on the Caucasus, fighting against Chechens and Daghestanis. During the Russo-Turkish War, 1853-56 he took part in the Battle at Kuruk-Dara, then he commanded the "Chernigov Regiment" during the Battle of Chernaya River of the Crimean War, where he was seriously wounded. During the Crimean war he became acquainted with Leo Tolstoy (who was a junior officer then), with whom he had lifelong correspondence.
In 1857-1859 he commanded the "Kabarda Regiment", took part in the storm of Gunib, and the capture of Imam Shamil. After the pacification of the Eastern Caucasus, he became the ruler of the Terek region, then the Governor-General of Kutaisi. In 1876 he became the deputy of the Ruler of the Caucasus Grand Duke Mikhail Nikolayevich.
During the Russo-Turkish War, 1877-78 Dmitry Sviatopolk-Mirskii was the chief of the General Staff of the Russian troops during Battle of Kars. In 1880 he became a member of State Council of Imperial Russia. In 1884 he became the governor of Kharkov.
Family.
His younger brother Nikolai Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii was also a prominent general and politician. 
Dmitry Ivanovitch Sviatopolk-Mirskii, by his wife the Georgian princess Sophia Orbeliani (daughter of prince James Orbeliani), had one son Pyotr Dmitrievich Sviatopolk-Mirskii, future Minister of Interior of Russia and three daughters Nina/Irina, Olga and Maria married to prominent administrators of Imperial Russia (Voldemar Kaarle von Daehn, Lord of Sippola, Minister State Secretary of Finland; prince Bariatinsky and prince Orbeliani, respectively). Olga was also a Lady-in-waiting (before her marriage) and a lifelong friend to Empress Maria Fyodorovna, wife of Alexander III of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="2926020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926020" title="Morentin">
Morentin

Morentin is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926023" title="Murchante">
Murchante

Murchante is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926024" title="Jackie Ashley">
Jackie Ashley

Jacqueline Ashley (born 10 September 1954) is a British journalist and broadcaster.
Ashley is the daughter of Jack Ashley, Baron Ashley of Stoke (1922-2012), a former Labour politician. Her mother was Pauline Kay Ashley Crispin (1932–2003). She was educated at Rosebery Grammar School for girls, Epsom, Surrey and St Anne's College, Oxford, where she studied PPE and was a member of the Oxford University Broadcasting Society.
Since then, she has been a television news reporter and newspaper journalist, writing for the "New Statesman" and "The Guardian". She specializes in the Labour Party, the media, politics, public services, trade unions and women's issues. She was broadly a supporter of Gordon Brown's government.
Jackie Ashley married fellow journalist Andrew Marr in Surrey in 1987; they live in west London. The couple have a son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2926027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926027" title="Murieta">
Murieta

Murieta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It covers an area of 4,51 km². In 2006, it had a population of 371, giving the average population density of 70,29 persons per km².

</doc>
<doc id="2926030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926030" title="Murillo El Cuende">
Murillo El Cuende

Murillo El Cuende is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926031" title="Festival Cinemas">
Festival Cinemas

Festival Cinemas was founded in 1978 in Vancouver, British Columbia. The purpose of Festival was to show Canadian specialty art and other high quality films.
The two theatres currently comprising the Festival chain in Vancouver are the Fifth Avenue Cinemas and the Park Theatre. A third, the Ridge Theatre, closed its doors on February 3, 2013, and is being converted into condominiums.
On February 15, 2013, it was announced that the remaining two theatres would be sold to Cineplex Entertainment, effective March 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2926034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926034" title="Murillo El Fruto">
Murillo El Fruto

Murillo El Fruto or Murillo The Fruit, is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926043" title="Logan Hyperdome">
Logan Hyperdome

Logan Hyperdome Shopping Centre in Shailer Park, Queensland is the largest shopping centre in Logan City and one of the largest single story shopping centres in Australia.
The Queensland Police Service operates a police beat shopfront in the centre. Logan City Council has a library at the far northern end of the Hyperdome and this is a separate, stand alone building. The Logan Hyperdome contains a food court with many outlets. Event Cinemas operate a cinema complex within the centre.
History.
Built after the closure and demolition of Wild Waters water park, the Hyperdome first opened in August 1989. Work at the site began in September 1988 and it was officially opened in July 1989. It received upgrades in May 1990, October 1997, December 1998 and March 2005. The October 1997 upgrade was the largest upgrade when BI-LO was moved from its original location where the current Crazy Clarks is located and Big W was added along with around 50 specialty stores and a 2-storey carpark. The most recent upgrade in 2005 included upgrading the Birch, Carol & Coyle 'Hyperplex' cinemas to 12 (previously 'Pacific 8') and installing a bowling alley (AMF Hyperbowl), another carpark and several restaurants and bars.
Hyperdome Home Centre.
In addition, the Hyperdome Home Centre separated from the main Hyperdome mall area by a private road, is home to a number of specialty outlets including Supercheap Auto, Amart All Sports and Lincraft.
Transport.
It contains a bus station for TransLink services, with 15 min or greater frequencies to the Brisbane CBD in peak hour.
Hyperage.
From February to October each year, Loganholme Blue Light Association holds a blue light disco on the third Saturday of each month (unless otherwise indicated) inside the Logan Hyperdome. It runs from 7:00 pm to 10:30 pm. Admission is for high school students aged from 12 to 17 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="2926044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926044" title="Vafsi language">
Vafsi language

Vafsi,(in Persian: وفسی)(in vafsi: ووسی) is an Iranian language spoken in the Vafs village and surrounding area in the Markazi province of Iran. The dialects of the Tafresh region share many features with the Central Plateau dialects, however their lexical inventory has many items in common with the Talysh subgroup. Vafsi is heavily influenced by Persian.
Grammar.
Vafsi has six short vowel phonemes, five long vowel phonemes and two nasal vowel phonemes. The consonant inventory is basically the same as in Persian.
Nouns are inflected for gender (masculine, feminine), number (singular, plural) and case (direct, oblique).
The oblique case marks the possessor (preceding the head noun), the definite direct object, nouns governed by a preposition, and the subject of transitive verbs in the past tense.
Personal pronouns are inflected for number (singular, plural) and case (direct, oblique).
A set of enclitic pronouns is used to indicate the agent of transitive verbs in the past tenses.
There are two demonstrative pronouns: one for near deixis, one for remote deixis.
The use of the Persian ezafe construction is spreading, however there is also a native possessive construction, consisting of the possessor (unmarked or marked by the oblique case) preceding the head noun.
The verbal inflection is based on two stems: present and past stem. Person and number are indicated personal suffixes attached to the stem. In the transitive past tense the verb consists of the bare past stem and personal concord with the subject is provided by enclitic pronouns following the stem or a constituent preceding the verb. Two modal prefixes are used to convey modal and aspectual information. The past participle is employed in the formation of compound tenses.
Vafsi is a split ergative language: Split ergativity means that a language has in one domain accusative morphosyntax and in another domain ergative morphosyntax. In Vafsi the present tense is structured the accusative way and the past tense is structured the ergative way. Accusative morphosyntax means that in a language subjects of intransitive and transitive verbs are treated the same way and direct objects are treated another way. Ergative morphosyntax means that in a language subjects of intransitive verbs and direct objects are treated one way and subjects of transitive verbs are treated another way.
In the Vafsi past tense subjects of intransitive verbs and direct objects are marked by the direct case whereas subjects of transitive verbs are marked by the oblique case. This feature characterizes the Vafsi past tense as ergative.
The unmarked order of constituents is SOV like in most other Iranian languages.
Numerals.
Numerals are transcribed in the IPA. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926050" title="Inday Ba">
Inday Ba

Inday Ba (10 August 1972 – 20 April 2005), also known as N'Deaye Ba, was a Swedish-British film, stage, and television actress born in Gothenburg, Sweden.
One of her most notable Swedish on-screen roles was as Hillevi in the romantic comedy Klassfesten (2002) opposite Björn Kjellman. She appeared in "Trial & Retribution" as "DC Lisa West" from 2002 until 2003.
She died from Renal failure and other complications of lupus at age 32, shortly after filming her last role in the ITV drama serial "Jericho". Ba, along with her mother, filmed the progression of the disease in the documentary "The Wolf Inside". "She was cremated at Mortlake Crematorium" "and her ashes were scattered of the Swedish coast. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926055" title="Julia Fletcher">
Julia Fletcher

Julia Fletcher (born 1958), sometimes credited as Julia DeMita, is a voice actress whose throaty, articulate vocals have graced many popular animated works and video games. Among her best-known roles are the Instructor (narrator) in "The Animatrix: The Second Renaissance", Elma and Yunalesca in "Final Fantasy X", Carmila in "", Scaphandra and Judy in "Aeon Flux", and Olmpias in the first four episodes of "Reign: The Conqueror". She is married to voice actor John DeMita. They have two children, Connor (born 1996) and Holly (born 1995).
Awards and Nominations.
Ovation Awards

</doc>
<doc id="2926056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926056" title="Alecu Russo">
Alecu Russo

Alecu Russo (born in March 17, 1819 near Chişinău, died on February 5, 1859 in Iaşi), was a Moldavian Romanian writer, literary critic and publicist. 
Russo is credited with having discovered one of the most elaborate forms of the Romanian national folk ballad "Mioriţa". He was also a contributor to the Iaşi periodical "Zimbrul", in which he published one of his best-known works, "Studie Moldovană" ("Moldovan Studies"), in 1851-1852.
He also wrote "Iaşii şi locuitorii lui în 1840" "Iaşi and its inhabitants in 1840" - a glimpse into Moldavian society during the "Organic Statute" administration, and two travel accounts (better described as folklore studies), "Piatra Teiului" and "Stânca Corbului".
Russo is also notable for his "Amintiri" ("Recollections"), a memoir.

</doc>
<doc id="2926061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926061" title="Allegheny Center">
Allegheny Center

Allegheny Center is a neighborhood on Pittsburgh's North Side. Its zip code is 15212, and it has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by both council members for District 6 (Downtown, North Shore) and District 1 (Northside).
History.
In 1783, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania established a 3000-acre tract of land north of where the Allegheny River merged with the Ohio River. John Redick created an initial town plan for Allegheny City- which featured 36 city blocks surrounded by a common grazing area - the following year. That initial 36-block area is today's Allegheny Center. It is still surrounded on three sides by the former grazing area, now a public park called Allegheny Commons. On either side of this park are the neighborhoods of Allegheny West and East Allegheny.
Because Allegheny City was intended by the Pennsylvania Legislature to serve as the county seat of Allegheny County, the central blocks of Redick's 36-block plan were designed for public uses, including a market house and post office. The main thoroughfare was East Ohio Street, which stretched from Allegheny West through Allegheny Center and then to Allegheny East and beyond. 
From the 19th century to 1907, Allegheny Center was thus the hub of downtown Allegheny City. The Children's Museum of Pittsburgh (consisting of the old Allegheny Post Office and Buhl Planetarium joined by a 2006 addition) is located within it, as is the old Carnegie Free Library of Allegheny (now the New Hazlett Theater). Allegheny Center is also home to the National Aviary, situated within West Park.
After 1907 (when Pittsburgh annexed Allegheny City), this area continued to be a hub for those residents of what was now Pittsburgh's North Side. But the area deteriorated as: 1) Allegheny's wealthiest residents, who had founded Allegheny Country Club in 1895, moved the club to Sewickley in 1902 and began moving their residences along with it; 2) the Great Depression caused an economic slowdown; and 3) rationing during World War II prevented much investment in the buildings. As one example of the trend, the landmark Boggs & Buhl department store, which had done a thriving business among Allegheny City's wealthy residents, steadily lost money after 1931 and was closed in 1958. 
In the 1950s, community leaders discussed how to revitalize the historic hub of Allegheny City and established a modern plan for Allegheny Center. Designed by architects Detter & Ritchey, it involved a $65 million project by Alcoa Properties, Inc. The construction project razed about 518 buildings (including the Boggs & Buhl department store) - many of them taken by eminent domain - to make way for 2 professional buildings, 4 apartment complexes totaling 840 units, 50 townhouses, a shopping mall, and a public square. The public square was the object of an international design competition sponsored by the Pittsburgh Urban Redevelopment Authority. The entire Allegheny Redevelopment Area encompasses approximately on the North Side, about a half-mile from downtown Pittsburgh.
The project converted what had been an open, walkable business district into an enclosed mall called Allegheny Center Mall that had few pedestrian entrances and sat above an underground parking garage. The central portion of East Ohio Street was closed, and drivers were forced to take a new ring road around the mall and the other blocks of Redick's initial plan to proceed east or west. 
The mall, opened in 1965 and anchored by Sears, F. W. Woolworth Company, and Zayre, had some initial success, but it did not revive the business fortunes of Allegheny City, which continued to decline after Interstate 279 allowed area residents to drive to the northern suburbs to shop. 
The mall's stores began closing in the 1990s, and the mall gradually became a successful office complex. 
At present (2011), the 36-block area initially planned by John Redick consists of the Allegheny Center Mall - now an office complex - and several public structures including the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh. While there are several businesses that serve the office workers in the former mall, most business activity exists in the adjacent neighborhoods of Allegheny West and East Allegheny. A former business district along North Avenue in Central Northside, which deteriorated along with Allegheny Center, may also be reviving.

</doc>
<doc id="2926069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926069" title="Allegheny West (Pittsburgh)">
Allegheny West (Pittsburgh)

Allegheny West is a historic neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's North Side. It has two zip codes of both 15233 and 15212, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 6 (Downtown, North Side).
History.
The area was frequented by Native Americans until late in the 18th century. In 1787 David Redick began a survey of the area, with land to be given to Continental soldiers as part of their pay for service in the American Revolution. In 1788 lots in the area were auctioned off in Philadelphia. Houses were first built in the district in 1846-47 and streets were laid out about the same time. In the 1860s there was another boom in housing construction.
In the late 19th century Ridge Avenue became known as "Millionaire's Row" with mansions built for Henry W. Oliver, William Penn Snyder, Harmar Denny, Alexander M. Byers, and others. Lincoln Avenue also became known for its mansions.

</doc>
<doc id="2926072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926072" title="Anand (writer)">
Anand (writer)

P. Sachidanandan (born 1936), who uses the pseudonym Anand, is an Indian writer.
Anand writes primarily in Malayalam. He is one of the noted living intellectuals in India. His works are noted for their philosophical flavor, historical context and their humanism. "Veedum Thadavum" and "Jaivamanushyan" won the Kerala Sahithya Academy Award. "Marubhoomikal Undakunnathu" won the Vayalar Award. He did not accept the Yashpal Award for "Aalkkootam" and the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award for "Abhayarthikal".
Life.
Sachidanandan was born in 1936 at Irinjalakuda in Thrissur district(Trichur) of Kerala. His father was a primary school teacher.
He graduated in Civil Engineering from College of Engineering, Trivandrum in 1958. He retired as Planning Director of the Central Water Commission after a career which included extended stints working in Gujrat, Mumbai and Bengal. He also worked in the military for four years in the Short Service Commission.
Writing.
It was the famous critic Govindan who helped Anand publish his maiden novel "Alkkoottam". At age 34, it was his first ever published work.
It was a new experience for the Malayalee readers and the book received rave reviews and pungent criticisms alike. He followed "Alkkoottam" (Crowd) with three more equally abstract novels: "Maranacertificate" (Death Certificate), "Abhayarthikal" (Refugees) and "Utharayanam". These books made Anand a writer with considerable standing in Malayalam. 
But it was in the late eighties and early nineties that Anand came up with two more novels, "Marubhoomikal Undakunnathu" and "Govardhanante Yaathrakal", which made him an icon in Malayalam literature. 
Contemporary Malayalam writer M. Mukundan made the following comment about Anand's style.
Anand's is the most articulate voice in Kerala today, which questions the moral premises of politics and most importantly, resists Hindu fundamentalism. His essays and novels unmistakably establish a metaphor of resistance.
The prose in Anand's novels is taut - no moon will ever rise in it, nor flowers blossom or river breezes waft through. His language, stripped to the bone, sometimes challenges the reader to go through it.
He has also written many short stories and articles, most of which deal with plight of the ordinary people who are exploited by the people in power. Anand's characters are not necessarily a Malayali, and often weaves in historical elements into his stories. More often they are also located outside Kerala. 
Anand is also a prolific essayist.
Awards.
1. Vayalar Award, 1993.<br>
2. Odakuzhal Award, 1996.<br>
3. Sahitya Akademi Award, 1997.<br>
4. Muttathu Varkey Award, 2000.<br>
5. Sahitya Akademi Translation Prize, 2012.<br>
Criticisms.
The 'abstractness' of Anand's writing has been a cause for criticism, from people alleging he does not actually name concrete people and organizations, instead relying on a historical and abstract narrative, even in his political essays. Balachandran Chullikkadu, a well-known poet in Malayalam, once said that Anand is the messiah of NGOs.
Books by Anand.
Novels
Short story collection
Dramas
Other Books

</doc>
<doc id="2926074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926074" title="K. M. Nanavati v. State of Maharashtra">
K. M. Nanavati v. State of Maharashtra

K. M. Nanavati vs. State of Maharashtra was a 1959 Indian court case where Kawas Manekshaw Nanavati, a Naval Commander, was tried for the murder of Prem Ahuja, his wife's lover. The incident received unprecedented media coverage and inspired several books and movies. Nanavati was initially declared not guilty by a jury, but the verdict was dismissed by the Bombay High Court and the case was retried as a bench trial. The case was the last to be heard as a jury trial in India, as the government abolished jury trials as a result of the case.
Background.
Kawas Manekshaw Nanavati (1925–2003), a Parsi and a commander with the Indian Navy, had settled down in Mumbai with Sylvia (1931–), his English-born wife and their two sons and a daughter.
With Nanavati frequently away on assignments for long periods of time, the lonely Sylvia fell in love with Prem Bhagwandas Ahuja, a friend of Nanavati. Prem's sister Mamie Ahuja, in her testimony in court, stated that Prem had agreed to marry Sylvia, provided she divorced her husband. But this was contradicted by the letters written by Sylvia (admitted as Sylvia's testimony), where she expressed her desire to divorce Nanavati and marry Prem, but she doubted whether Prem had the same intentions. In a letter dated 24 May 1958, she wrote "Last night when you spoke of your marrying and the various other girls you might marry, something inside me snapped and I knew I could not bear the thought of your loving someone else…".
Shooting.
On 27 April 1959, Nanavati returned home from one of his assignments and finding Sylvia aloof and distant, he questioned her. Sylvia, who now doubted Prem's intent to marry her, confessed about the affair to her husband. Nanavati dropped his family at the Metro Cinema, for a show he had promised to take them to, but excused himself and headed straight to confront Prem Ahuja. When Sylvia was asked in court, why she went to the theatre, leaving her agitated husband behind, she answered, "I was upset myself and I did not think clearly then. I was not indifferent to my husband killing himself… It is difficult to explain these things to children, so I took them to the cinema."
Nanavati went to the Naval base, collected his pistol on a false pretext from the stores along with six cartridges, completed his official duties and proceeded to Prem Ahuja's office. On not finding him there, he went to Ahuja's flat. At Ahuja's residence, Nanavati confronted him and asked him whether he intended to marry Sylvia and accept their children. After Prem replied in the negative, three shots were fired and Prem Ahuja dropped dead. Nanavati headed straight to confess to the Provost Marshal of the Western Naval Command and on his advice, turned himself in to the Deputy Commissioner of Police.
Jury trial.
The crux of the case was whether Nanavati shot Ahuja in the "heat of the moment" or whether it was a premeditated murder. In the former scenario, Nanavati would be charged under the Indian penal code, for culpable homicide, with a maximum punishment of 10 years. This is because he could have invoked exceptions 1 and 4 of section 300 of IPC (which defines murder). Exception 1 states:
"Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender, whilst deprived of the power of self-control by grave and sudden provocation, causes the death of the person who gave the provocation or causes the death of any other person by mistake or accident."
Exception 4 states:
"Culpable homicide is not murder if it is committed without premeditation in a sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel and without the offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel or unusual manner.
Explanation - It is immaterial in such cases which party offers the provocation or commits the first assault."
In the latter scenario (i.e. premeditated murder), Nanavati would be charged with murder, with the sentence being death or life imprisonment. Nanavati pleaded not guilty and his defence team argued it as case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, while the prosecution argued it was premeditated murder. 
The jury in the Greater Bombay sessions court pronounced Nanavati as not guilty, with an 8–1 verdict. Mr Ratilal Bhaichand Mehta (the sessions judge) considered the acquittal as perverse and referred the case to the high court.
The prosecution argued that the jury had been misled by the presiding judge on four crucial points:
The court accepted the arguments, dismissed the jury's verdict and the case was freshly heard in the high court. Since the jury had also been influenced by media and public support for Nanavati and was also open to being misled, the Government of India abolished jury trials after this case.
Retrial.
Defence version.
In the Bombay High Court, the defence put forth their version of the incident, for which there were no witnesses other than the two men, and no evidence. Hearing Sylvia's confession, an enraged Nanavati wanted to shoot himself, but was calmed down by Sylvia, who told him that he is not to be blamed for this and there was no reason that he should shoot himself. Since Sylvia did not tell him whether Prem intended to marry her, Nanavati sought to find it out for himself. When Nanavati met Prem at the latter's bedroom, Prem had just come out of the bath dressed only in a towel; an angry Nanavati swore at Prem and proceeded to ask him if he intends to marry Sylvia and look after his children. Prem replied, "Will I marry every woman I sleep with?", which further enraged Nanavati. Seeing Prem go for the gun, enclosed in a brown packet, Nanavati too went for it and in the ensuing scuffle, Prem's hand caused the gun to go off and instantly kill him.
Prosecution version.
On the other hand the prosecution's version of the story and their counter-points against the defence's version, was based on replies by witnesses and backed by evidence. The towel that Ahuja was wearing was intact on his body and had neither loosened nor fallen off. In the case of a scuffle, it is highly improbable that the towel would have stayed intact. After Sylvia's confession, a calm and collected Nanavati dropped his family to the theatre, drove to his naval base and according to the Navy log, had acquired a gun and rounds, under a false pretext. This indicated that the provocation was neither grave nor sudden and that Nanavati had the murder planned. Ahuja's servant Anjani testified that three shots were fired in quick succession and the entire incident took under a minute to occur, thus ruling out a scuffle. Nanavati walked out of Ahuja's residence, without explaining to his sister Mamie that it was an accident. He then unloaded the gun, went to the Provost Marshall and again went to the police to confess his crime, thus ruling out that he was dazed. The deputy commissioner of police testified that Nanavati confessed that he had shot dead Ahuja and even corrected the misspelling of his name in the police record. 
The high court agreed with the prosecution's argument that the murder was premeditated and sentenced Nanavati to life imprisonment for culpable homicide amounting to murder. On 24 November 1961, the Supreme Court of India upheld the conviction.
Public support.
The incident both shocked and riveted the entire country. Such a "crime of passion", as it was termed, was unusual, especially in the upper echelons of the society and that too by a highly decorated officer. People also found the unfolding relationships intriguing. For instance, Nanavati had known Ahuja for nearly 15 years and Sylvia stood by her husband after Ahuja's murder. 
The weekly tabloid " Blitz" , run by R. K. Karanjia, a Parsi himself, publicised the story, ran exclusive cover stories and openly supported Nanavati, portraying him as a wronged husband and upright officer, betrayed by a close friend. Blitz painted Nanavati's image, as that of a man representing the ideal middle class values as against Ahuja's playboy image, that symbolised the corruption and sleaze of the bourgeois. A copy of Blitz during the trial sold for Rs.2/- per copy, up from the normal rate of 25 Paise or rupee 0.25. Peddlers on the street sold "Ahuja Towels" and toy "Nanavati Revolvers."
Influential Parsis held regular rallies in Mumbai, with the largest being an event held at Cowasji Jehangir Hall, to support the Governor's decree that suspended Nanavati's life sentence and put him under naval custody, until his appeal was heard by the Supreme Court. At that rally, 3,500 people filled the hall and around 5,000 stood outside. Nanavati also received backing from the Indian Navy and the Parsi Panchayat, while the Sindhi community backed Mamie Ahuja. 
Among the jurists, Ram Jethmalani, a Sindhi, led the prosecution, while Karl Khandavala, a Parsi, represented Nanavati.
Release.
Nanavati had moved in the same circles as the Nehru-Gandhi family for many years. He had previously worked as Defence Attaché to V. K. Krishna Menon, while the latter was high commissioner to the United Kingdom, and had grown close to the Nehrus during that time. During the time of his trial and sentencing, Jawaharlal Nehru was Prime Minister of India and his sister, Vijayalakshmi Pandit, was governor of Maharashtra state.
All of these advantages may in other circumstances have availed Nanavati nothing, for a pardon might have been seen by the press and public at other times as a blatant misuse of power to help a crony of an influential political family. However, public opinion was decidedly in favour of Nanavati, seen an upright naval officer with middle class values and a strong sense of honour. While Public opinion thought the sentence was too harsh and supported a proposal, mooted by the Blitz, to grant a pardon to the cuckolded naval officer. The Blitz magazine played a significant part in raising public opinion in favour of Nanavati and keeping the issue alive for over three years until the pardon was granted. 
Nanavati spent 3 years in prison; it was feared that a pardon for him could elicit an angry reaction from the Sindhi community to which the Ahuja family belonged. At around this time, the government received an application for pardon from Bhai Pratap, a Sindhi trader who had been a participant in the Indian independence movement, and had been convicted for misusing an import license. Given his freedom fighter background, and the relative smallness of his offence, the government was inclined to pardon Bhai Pratap. Finally, since Nanavati had spent over three years in prison and given the circumstances of the case, Prem's sister Mamie Ahuja was persuaded to forgive Nanavati. She gave her assent for his pardon in writing. Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit, then governor of Maharashtra, pardoned Bhai Pratap and Nanavati on the same day.
After his release, Nanavati, his wife Sylvia and their 3 children emigrated to Canada and settled in Toronto. Nanavati died in 2003.
In popular culture.
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyar Ke, a 1963 suspense thriller, directed by R.K. Nayyar with Sunil Dutt, Leela Naidu, and Rehman, was the first Bollywood film which seemed to exploit the case. It flopped at the box office. The film began with a disclaimer that all people and incidents were fictitious, and altered the case's outcome. Leela Naidu's 2010 book with Jerry Pinto indicates that the movie screenplay was written before the Nanavati case. It was a coincidence of the real-life case events with a similar movie storyline that led to similarities while the movie was being made. 
Achanak, a 1973 crime drama, written and directed by Gulzar, starring Vinod Khanna, Lily Chakravarty, and Om Shivpuri, was inspired by the case and was a box-office hit. In the film, Vinod Khanna, who plays an upright army officer, receives a death sentence but its execution remains inconclusive.
Besides a Hindi book titled "Nanavati ka Mukadama" (Nanavati's trial), Anglo-Indian novelist Indra Sinha's "The Death of Mr Love" is a fictional account based on the murder. The book, spanning four decades between the 1950s and 1990s, tells the story of Mrs.S, the second woman besides Sylvia, with whom Prem had a physical relationship. In the title, "Love" is the literal translation of "Prem", Ahuja's first name.
A fictionalized account of the case also appears in Salman Rushdie's Midnight's Children, where the case of Commander Sabarmati (in the chapter titled "Commander Sabarmati's Baton") is a fictionalized account of the Nanavati case.

</doc>
<doc id="2926077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926077" title="Education in the Australian Capital Territory">
Education in the Australian Capital Territory

Almost all educational institutions in the Australian Capital Territory are located within Canberra. The ACT public education system schooling is normally split up into Pre-School, Primary School (K-6), High School (7–10) and College (11–12) followed by studies at university or TAFE. Many private schools include years 11 and 12 and sometimes primary school as well.
History.
The first school in what is now the ACT operated at Ginninderra from 1844 to 1848. A second school was opened in the 1840s at St John the Baptist Church located on the Duntroon Estate within the modern day suburb of Reid. It was the only school in the Canberra region, after the closure of the Ginninderra school until the opening of a state run school at Acton in 1880. Mulligan's Flat School opened in 1896 and operated until 1931 when it was demolished. The remains can still be seen near Gungahlin.
The oldest operating school in the Australian Capital Territory was Tharwa Primary School, open in 1899 in the small town of Tharwa south of present day Canberra. Hall Primary School claimed to be the oldest continuously run school in the Australian Capital Territory. It opened in 1911 in the town of Hall on the northern border of the ACT. Both of these schools closed at the end of the 2006 academic year as a result of sweeping school closures introduced by the Stanhope Labor government.
The Royal Military College was opened in 1911 at Robert Campbell's estate Duntroon. This was followed in 1986 with the opening of the nearby Australian Defence Force Academy (ADFA). The academic side of ADFA is run by the University of New South Wales.
The first modern school opened in Canberra proper was Telopea Park School opened in 1923 in what was then called Eastlake. Another early school in Canberra is the Ainslie School, it was opened in 1927 in the inner north suburb of Braddon.
Canberra University College was opened in 1930 operating as an arm of Melbourne University to provide undergraduate degrees to Canberra. The Australian National University was opened nearby in 1946 as Australia's only research only university. In 1960 the ANU and Canberra University College amalgamated, with the Canberra University College campus becoming the ANU's school of general studies.
Schools.
In February 2004 there were 139 public and non-governmental schools in Canberra; 96 were operated by the Government and 43 were non-Government. Most suburbs are planned to include a primary school and schools are usually located near open areas for play and sports. Children begin formal schooling at primary school in February when they are five or six. Primary school consists of seven grades: kindergarten and years 1 to 6. From years 7 to 10 children attend high school, generally a different institution to their primary education. 
Students in years 11 to 12 attend college (except for private schools where most students stay on at school for year 11 and 12 some choose to go to state colleges) and normally study five to six courses over two years. Certificates are awarded on the basis of continuous assessment of students' progress at the end of years 10 and 12 by the ACT Department of Education and Training. Year 12 students wishing to pursue tertiary study must sit the "ACT Scaling Test (AST)" as part of a required "Tertiary Entrance Statement". The "ACT Scaling Test" is used to scale the results of schools relative to each other rather than affecting the marks of individuals directly. It is based on students' general knowledge, critical and analytical skills. Traditionally students intending to pursue a trade have ended their schooling at the end of high school in order to take up an apprenticeship. In recent years it has become common for students with no tertiary education plans to continue through year 11 and 12 in an accredited scheme.
In 2005 there were 60,275 students in the ACT school system. 59.3% of the students were enrolled in government schools with the remaining 40.7% in non-government schools. There were 30,995 students in primary school, 19,211 in high school, 9,429 in College and a further 340 in special schools. 
The ACT has the highest retention rate in Australia with 89% of the number of students who were enrolled in year 7 in 1999 were enrolled full-time in year 12 in 2004. This retention rate has declined from a peak in 1994 when the rate was nearly 5% more, probably because of poor job prospects for young people at that time compared with 2004.
During 2006 the ACT Government announced closures of up to 39 schools, to take effect from the end of the school year. After a series of consultations the Government announced its "Towards 2020: Renewing Our Schools" plan that closed ten schools at the end of 2006 with more in 2007 and 2008, while consolidating school campuses and opening other schools through to 2010. The Government paid $750 ‘transitional funding’ to students whose schools have closed, provided they attended another government school, to facilitate provision of new school uniforms.
The communities associated with Cook Primary School and Flynn Primary School lodged appeals through the ACT Supreme Court. While Cook withdrew its appeal within a week, Flynn's appeal is still ongoing, with the community having raised $50,000 for security of costs.
Home Education.
The ACT government supports home education under the ACT Education Act 2004. In 2000 there were 100 registered home schooled students in the ACT, though there may have been up to another 400 students being home schooled but not registered with the government.
Tertiary institutions.
As of May 2004, 30% of people in the ACT aged 15–64 had a level of educational attainment equal to at least an bachelor's degree, significantly higher than the national average of 19%. 
The two main tertiary institutions are the Australian National University (ANU) in Acton and the University of Canberra (UC) in Bruce. The ANU was established as a research university in 1946, although expanded to include undergraduate teaching in 1960 it continues to have a strong research focus. The THES - QS World University Rankings in 2006, 2007 and 2008 ranked the ANU as being the 16th best university in the world. Both ANU and UC also have campuses interstate and overseas. There are also two religious university campuses in Canberra: Signadou in the North Canberra suburb of Watson is a campus of the Australian Catholic University; St Mark's Theological College adjacent to the Parliament House is a campus of Charles Sturt University.
The Royal Military College, Duntroon (RMC) is in the suburb of Campbell in Canberra's inner northeast. Duntroon provides Australian Army Officer training. The Australian Defence Force also runs the Australian Defence College with two campuses, the Australian Defence Force Academy (ADFA) in Campbell and the other near Weston which provides education for senior members of the forces. ADFA teaches military undergraduates and postgraduates and is officially a campus of the University of New South Wales.
Tertiary level vocational education is also available through the multi-campus Canberra Institute of Technology. Learning Options is a Registered Training Organisation in Manuka offering a broad range of vocational qualifications in business, government, training & education, management and more. The Academy of Interactive Entertainment (AIE) in Watson is a registered training organisation that offers tertiary courses in computer game development and 3D animation.
Alliance College of Australia is a bible college of the Christian and Missionary Alliance. Unity College teaches Christian worship and ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="2926078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926078" title="Tatamagouche Airport">
Tatamagouche Airport

Tatamgouche Airport is an abandoned airport that was located northwest of Tatamagouche, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The airstrip was owned and operated by the local Tim Hortons Children's Camp, the second camp built by the Tim Hortons Children's Foundation. The Tatamagouche air strip was used by the camp, as well as Tim Hortons owner Ron Joyce, who frequently flew to the area in the summer to visit his home town and summer cottage. After construction of the newer and more capable Fox Harbour Airport Joyce's gated community "Fox Harb'r Resort" in nearby Fox Harbour in the early 2000s, the air strip at the Tim Hortons Children's Camp in Tatamagouche was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="2926080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926080" title="Trenton Aerodrome">
Trenton Aerodrome

Trenton Aerodrome, , is located adjacent to Trenton, Nova Scotia, Canada. Since October, 2006, the airport has been owned by Sobeys Incorporated.
History.
The airport began in 1928/1929 as a private operation by a group of local pilots. In June 1932 the grass strip was officially opened with the landing of a de Havilland Gypsy Moth by Canadian aviation pioneer, Jimmy Wade. Later that year Jim Mollison, on his east to west crossing of the Atlantic Ocean landed at the airport, which was later named after him.
In 1950, the airport left private ownership and became the property of the town of Trenton. But in 2006, municipal officials felt "... the town of about 2,700 could no longer afford to maintain the airport and its facilities, ..." After searching for a buyer the only bidder was Sobeys Capital Incorporated, the airport's principal user.
Notable visitors to the airport include several prime ministers and other politicians as well as Babe Ruth, Bill Clinton, Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip.

</doc>
<doc id="2926081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926081" title="Valley Airport">
Valley Airport

Valley Airport is located adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 104) in Valley, Nova Scotia, Canada, several kilometres northeast of Truro. The aerodrome was listed as closed in the Canada Flight Supplement dated 10 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2926082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926082" title="Bruno Ruffo">
Bruno Ruffo

Bruno Ruffo (9 December 1920 - 10 February 2007 ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer born in Verona. He won three Grand Prix World Championships.
In 1949 he won the inaugural 250cc World Championship riding for the Italian Moto Guzzi factory. During the 1950 season, Ruffo was annoyed that Moto Guzzi instructed him to let his team-mate win the Championship that year while he finished third. That same year, Ruffo rode a Mondial to claim the 125cc World Championship. In 1951 he once again captured the 250cc World Champion with four victories. Ruffo retired in 1952 after an accident and opened a successful vehicle hire business in Verona. He died at 86 years old.
Motorcycle Grand Prix results.
1949 point system
Points system from 1950 to 1968
5 best results were counted up until 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="2926083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926083" title="Phoenix Art Museum">
Phoenix Art Museum

The Phoenix Art Museum is the Southwest United States' largest art museum for visual art. Located in Phoenix, Arizona, the museum is . It displays international exhibitions alongside its comprehensive collection of more than 18,000 works of American, Asian, European, Latin American, Western American, modern and contemporary art, and fashion design. A community center since 1959, it hosts year-round programs of festivals, live performances, independent art films and educational programs. It also features PhxArtKids, an interactive space for children; photography exhibitions through the museum’s partnership with the Center for Creative Photography; the landscaped Sculpture Garden; dining and shopping.
It has been designated a Phoenix Point of Pride.
History.
Opened in 1959, the Phoenix Art Museum is located on the Central Avenue Corridor.
Shortly after Arizona became the 48th state in 1912, the Phoenix Women’s Club was formed and worked with the Arizona State Fair Committee to develop a fine arts program. In 1915, the club purchased Carl Oscar Borg's painting "Egyptian Evening" for US$125 and presented it to the city of Phoenix to begin a community art collection. In 1925, the State Fair Committee expanded its community responsibilities and formed the Phoenix Fine Arts Association. The next major advance in the local art community came during 1936, when the Phoenix Art Center was created under the auspices of the Works Progress Administration. Its director was the painter Philip C. Curtis.
As the city of Phoenix grew, it became apparent that better cultural facilities were required if it was to sustain its growth. The heirs of A.C. Bartlett, (most prominently Mrs. Dwight B. Heard, who with her husband founded the Heard Museum), donated land to house such facilities.
In the early 1950s, Alden Dow, an architect, was retained by the Board of Trustees to design a complex that would house the Phoenix Public Library, the Phoenix Little Theater (now the Phoenix Theatre) and the new Phoenix Art Museum. To coordinate this endeavor, the Phoenix Fine Arts Association named the Museum’s first Board of Trustees in 1952 and its first director in 1957.
The museum was officially dedicated on November 21, 1959. Two years later, the board announced plans for an expansion, and in 1965 the museum was enlarged from to . Additional expansions, led by design architects Tod Williams Billie Tsien Architects of New York, occurred in 1996. The Museum more than doubled its size with new exhibition galleries, a 300-seat public theater, a research library, studio classroom facilities, the PhxArtKids Gallery, and a café. Most recently, in 2006, the museum saw the opening of the Ellen and Howard C. Katz Wing for Modern Art, the Heather and Michael Greenbaum Museum Lobby, an expanded museum store and the Bennett and Jacquie Dorrance Sculpture Garden. The museum's growth has been funded, in part, by successful City of Phoenix Bond Elections and a voter-approved bond.
In the last 50 years, the Museum has hosted more than 400 exhibitions from all over the world, grown the collection to more than 18,000 works of art, and been visited by millions, including over one million school children.
Collections.
The museum has nine curatorial departments: American, Western American, Asian, European, Latin American, Fashion, Modern, Contemporary, and Photography. Additionally, the Museum contains three specialized galleries: Art of Philip C. Curtis, Thorne Miniature Rooms, and PhxArtKids. It has European paintings by Ubertini, Girolamo Genga, Guercino, Carlo Dolci, Bernardo Strozzi, Marcellius Coffermans, Jacob Cornelisz, Master of Astorga, Bartolomeus Bruyn the Elder, Nicolas Lepicie, Giovanni Piazzetta, Elizabeth Vigee-Lebrun, Antoine Vestier, George Romney, Camille Corot, Hippolyte Delpy, Eugène Boudin, Jean-Léon Gérôme ("Thumbs Up"), Claude Monet ("Garden Arches,Giverny"), Max Beckmann, Leon Portau, Eduard Villard, and Pablo Picasso. It has American paintings by Gilbert Stuart, Sanford Gifford, Robert Henri, Ernest Lawson, Marsden Hartley, Stuart Davis, Georgia O'Keeffe, Jonas Lie, Lew Davis, Ernest Blumenschein, Joseph Sharp, Howard Post, and Ed Mell. It has Contemporary Art by Yayoi Kusama, Viola Frey, Kehinde Wiley, Jennifer Bartlett, Carlos Amorales ("Black Cloud") and Helen Frankenthaler. It has 20th Century Sculpture by Aristide Maillol, Max Ernst, Hans Arp, Jacob Epstein, and Giacometti.
Education.
The museum offers several educational programs. The museum's Education Division programming is segmented by audience and type of learning strategy to accommodate a range of ages and learning styles, both formal and informal.
The Education Division also facilitates a nationally competitive Internship program. Internships are offered to current undergraduates, graduate students, and recent graduates with requisite coursework, experience, and background. The program is offered year-round and project-based internships are also offered on occasion.
Lemon Art Research Library.
The Lemon Art Research Library is a non-circulating research library with an emphasis on the museum's art collection. It contains more than 40,000 books, periodicals, artist files and more. It is the largest specialized fine arts library in the region. It is free of charge during public hours.
Funding.
Community support accounts for approximately 80% of the museum’s revenue through admissions, membership and earned revenue, which includes the store and facility rentals. Government support of the museum is approximately 3% of the budget; corporate contributions constitute approximately 10% of the budget. The Museum's endowment contributes the remainder, approximately 7%.

</doc>
<doc id="2926084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926084" title="Cyclic symmetry in three dimensions">
Cyclic symmetry in three dimensions

This article deals with the four infinite series of point groups in three dimensions ("n"≥1) with "n"-fold rotational or reflectional symmetry about one axis (by an angle of 360°/"n") does not change the object.
They are the finite symmetry groups on a cone. For "n" = ∞ they correspond to four frieze groups. Schönflies notation is used. The terms horizontal (h) and vertical (v) imply the existence and direction of reflections with respect to a vertical axis of symmetry. Also shown are Coxeter notation in brackets, and, in parentheses, orbifold notation.
Chiral:
Achiral:
"C2h" (2*) and "C2v" (*22) of order 4 are two of the three 3D symmetry group types with the Klein four-group as abstract group. "C2v" applies e.g. for a rectangular tile with its top side different from its bottom side.
Frieze groups.
In the limit these four groups represent Euclidean plane frieze groups as C∞, C∞h, C∞v, and S∞. Rotations become translations in the limit. Portions of the infinite plane can also be cut and connected into an infinite cylinder.

</doc>
<doc id="2926085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926085" title="Waterville/Kings County Municipal Airport">
Waterville/Kings County Municipal Airport

Waterville/Kings County Municipal Airport is located adjacent to Waterville, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Pending closure.
In March 2014, Kings County councillors voted to close the airport on 30 September in order to permit possible expansion of the Michelin tyre factory immediately to the south of the runway. Michelin has not confirmed any expansion, but had previously stated that due to the "layout and location of its equipment" the only possible direction to expand would be the airport site. County Warden Diana Brothers stated the preemptive action served to avoid " a chance for economic growth." and that "If we wait to move the airport first, which could be one or two years down the road, we may miss an opportunity with Michelin." 
Warden Brothers also stated that provision of a new civilian airport for local aviators and aviation businesses might be made "so long as there is a positive business case to support relocating it". Different options are now being explored, including the construction of civilian facilities at nearby CFB Greenwood.
To date the municipality has made little progress towards the relocation of the airport and there is concern that once the current airport closes, there will be little municipal or provincial interest in the relocation.

</doc>
<doc id="2926086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926086" title="Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome">
Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome

Waverley/Lake William Water Aerodrome was located adjacent to the Waverley, Nova Scotia, Canada. The airport was listed as abandoned in the 15 March 2007 Canada Flight Supplement.

</doc>
<doc id="2926088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926088" title="Japan and East Asia Studies Program">
Japan and East Asia Studies Program

Japan and East Asia Studies Program (JASEP) is an inter-departmental academic program of Japan and East Asia Studies for international students at Kwansei Gakuin University in Nishinomiya, Japan. The program is administrated through Center for International Education and Cooperation though it is sponsored by the School of Business Administration of the university. 
The program offer exchange students the study programs that best suits their needs, either concentrating mainly on Japan and its language, culture and society; or widening their perspective to embrace the language and society of China or Korea.
The program begins with the Fall Semester (mid-September to mid-January), followed by the Winter Intensive Program (February to March), and ends with the Spring Semester (April to July). The JEASP has three main academic components: Japanese Language Courses (JLC), Japan Studies Courses (JSC), and China and Korea Studies Courses (CKSC); except JLC, the program courses are conducted in English. Introductory courses in the Chinese and Korean languages are also offered. 
There are two student status for the program: Exchange Student and Part-time (Non-Matriculated) Student. 
Exchange Student: Students enrolled in North American institutions may apply for the JEASP through the SMU-in-Japan Program, while students enrolled in other institutions, which have agreements on exchange students with KG, can apply through their home institutions. Exchange students are granted academic credits, and they receive many of the benefits, such as student discounts for train passes and concert/movie tickets. 
Part-time (Non-Matriculated) Student: A limited number of international students may be accepted as part-time students. Credits are granted and an official transcript will be issued. Part-time students are allowed to take up to five courses in each of the Fall and Spring Semesters (JLC and/or JLC electives plus 4 JSC and/or CKSC.) The Winter Intensive Program, except JLC, is not available to part-time students.
The scholarship offered by the Japan Students Services Organization (JASSO) for incoming exchange students, who study in Japan for between six months and one year, is available in JEASP. This scholarship includes a monthly stipend of JP¥80,000, international travel expenses (between the home country and Osaka) and a settling-in allowance of JP¥25,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2926089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926089" title="Yarmouth Airport">
Yarmouth Airport

Yarmouth Airport is located in Yarmouth County, Nova Scotia, Canada and began as a World War II Royal Air Force training base.
The airport is classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport currently can handle aircraft with no more than 110 passengers.
History.
Second World War.
In 1936, the Department of National Defence selected the site as a base for Maritime patrol aircraft. The airbase had two parts, East Camp and West Camp. The West Camp was home to the Royal Canadian Air Force while the East Camp was part of the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan. At East camp, the Royal Air Force's No. 34 Operational Training Unit (OTU) was initially located at Yarmouth from April 1942 to June 1942, but was then relocated to RCAF Station Pennfield Ridge, New Brunswick in June 1942. In November 1942 the Royal Navy established the No. 1 Naval Air Gunnery School (NAGS), flying the Fairey Swordfish. No. 1 NAGS ceased operations in March 1945.
In addition to the Naval Air Gunnery School, several individual squadrons and units called RCAF Yarmouth home at various times during the war, including:
In addition, No. 419 Squadron RCAF and No. 428 Squadron RCAF were both disbanded in Yarmouth in September 1945 after the Surrender of Japan. Both squadrons, flying the Avro Lancaster, were to be trained and re-equipped for the Commonwealth Tiger Force in the Pacific Theatre.
Post-war.
After the war, the airfield switched to public/commercial use when it was transferred to Transport Canada. Regular scheduled flights were started by Trans-Canada Airlines (TCA), which became Air Canada in 1965. Ownership of Yarmouth Airport was transferred from Transport Canada to the Yarmouth Airport Commission Association on October 1, 1997. Air Canada flights into Yarmouth ceased in January 2003. Since then, several small operators have provided air service between Halifax and Yarmouth at various times. These include Sou'West Air, who covered the route in 2003, and Starlink Airlines, which flew between Halifax, Yarmouth and Portland, Maine in 2009. The latter lasted less than one year, despite a $2 million provincial government subsidy meant to carry the airline through the first few years of startup. From March 15, 2010 to December 31, 2012, an American company, Twin Cities Air Service, provided service between Yarmouth and Portland with scheduled flights several times a week.
Facilities.
Yarmouth Airport facilities include a modern airport terminal building and combined services building which houses a maintenance garage. The airport has two runways, two taxiways and separate parking aprons for both commercial and general aviation. In the summer of 2013, its Category I instrument landing system (ILS) was decommissioned, however, GPS (RNAV) approaches exist for all runways, and a VHF omnidirectional range/distance measuring equipment (VOR/DME) and non-directional beacon (NDB) remain active. The airport property has of easily accessible, industrial real estate.
The Yarmouth Airport is also home to the Tri-County Flying Association (informally known as the Yarmouth Flying Club). This non-profit flying club has a small clubhouse located on the field and operates a Cessna 172 available for rental by its members.
Notable events.
On November 11, 1971, an Iberia Airlines 747 jumbo jet en route from Madrid to New York made an emergency landing at the airport due to a bomb threat. It was the first time a 747 had ever attempted an emergency landing at such a small airport. Even though the jet successfully landed, the runaway was too short for the 747 to take off with passengers onboard. The passengers were then flown to New York on three Air Canada DC9s and early the next morning the 747 took off for New York. No bomb was ever found and the 241 passengers and 18 crew were unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="2926091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926091" title="Hon-Hachinohe Station">
Hon-Hachinohe Station

History.
Hon-Hachinohe Station was opened on January 4, 1898 as on the Nippon Railway. The Nippon Railway was nationalized on November 1, 1906 becoming part of the Japanese Government Railways (JGR), and a year later, on November 1, 1907, the station was renamed . The JGR became the Japan National Railway (JNR) after World War II. In 1971, on the Tohoku Main Line was re-designated “Hachinohe Station”, and the existing Hachinohe Station was renamed “Hon-Hachinohe”. The station building was elevated and completely rebuilt in 1977. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways on April 1, 1987, it came under the operational control of JR East.
Station layout.
Hon-Hachinohe Station is an elevated station with a single island platform serving two tracks. The station is attended, and has a “Green Window” service counter as well as a travel agency and automatic ticket machines.

</doc>
<doc id="2926093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926093" title="Thorburn Airport">
Thorburn Airport

Thorburn Airport is located west of Thorburn, Nova Scotia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2926095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926095" title="History of Persian Egypt">
History of Persian Egypt

The history of Persian Egypt is divided into three eras: 

</doc>
<doc id="2926105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926105" title="Andreas">
Andreas

Andreas () is a name given to males in Austria, Cyprus, Denmark, Brazil, United States Finland, Flanders, Germany, Greece, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy, and the Netherlands. The name derives from the Greek noun ἀνήρ "anir" – with genitive ἀνδρός "andros" –, which means "man" (i.e. male human being). See article on "Andrew" for more information. Also in regard to the name Andreas, it may be used in the feminine as Andrea, which in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, and some Mediterranean countries like Italy, can also be the male form.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926110" title="Ukhrul">
Ukhrul

Ukhrul is a town in Ukhrul district in the state of Manipur, India. Ukhrul district is the home of the Tangkhul Naga. It is the administrative headquarters of the Ukhrul district. There are also four sub-divisions in the district for administering the villages in and around it. The villages however are governed by the 'Church' and the 'Village Heads'.
Geography.
Ukhrul is located at . It has an average elevation of above sea level. It has wet summer and cold and dry winter.
People and history.
Ukhrul is a land of beautiful mountains interspersed by numerous tribal habitats echoing with rhythms of tribal cultures and rich wild life. This virgin land has enchanting calls to people who love to spend time in tranquility. Beside the serene environment, the ways of live of the simple and friendly tribals who are known for generation for their honesty and integrity leave one spellbound. Such is the people of the hill. 
Ukhrul district is the home of the Tangkhul. The Tangkhuls belong to the great Mongolian race which is spread all over the World. Linguistically, they belong to a large language family called Sino-Tibetan, within that family to the sub-family Tibeto-Burman. In general this points towards an origin in the north, that is south-west China and Tibet . It is believed that the earliest home of the Tangkhuls was the upper reaches of Huang Heo and Yangtze Rivers which lies in the Zinjiang province of China. Like the other desert areas of the world, the people including the Tangkhuls migrated from this place to different directions. One group moved towards east and southeast to be become known as Chinese, another group moved southward to become the tribes of Tibeto-Burman which includes the Tangkhuls and other Naga sub tribes. That was between c. 10,000 BC to 8000 BC. This movement has continued into recent historic times. S.K. Chatterjee noted that from 2000 BC onwards, Sino-Tibetan speakers from China pushed south and west and entered India. According to W.I. Singh, in his “The History of Manipur”, the Tangkhuls settled in Samshok (Thuangdut) area in Myanmar. It is believed that they belong to Yakkha tribe in China.
The Tangkhuls as also other Naga tribes came to Manipur, Nagaland, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh through Myanmar. Some of them also settled down in Myanmar and did not venture further. However, their movement over Myanmar and into India was spread over a period of time. They entered the present habitat in waves following one another and in some cases in close succession. The Tangkhuls came together with the Maos, Poumais, Marams and Thangals because all of them have references to their dispersal from Makhel (Makrefii) a Mao village in Senapati district. They had also erected megaliths at Makhel in memory of their having dispersed from there to various directions.
The Tangkhuls point out to the association of their forefathers with the seashore. Most of the ornaments of the Tangkhuls such as kongsang, huishon, etc. were made of sea shells, cowrie and conch shells a prominent feature of the people who live on the shore.
By the 2nd century AD Tangkhuls were living in Samshok (Thuangdut) in Myanmar . Ptolemy, a Greek astronomer and geographer of Alexandria in his Geography of Further India c. 140 AD referred to the Tangkhul Naga (Nangalogue) at Triglypton (Thuangdut). Tangkhuls began to disperse from Samshok after the invasion of Ko-lo-feng and his successor I-mau-shun the king of Nan-chao in the closing part of the 8th century AD and beginning of the 9th century. They were further driven towards the north west of Myanmar by the Shan people.
The Tangkhul as also other Naga tribes have travelled from China to Myanmar and from there they came to their present land traversing through innumerable snow covered landscapes, mountains and wild forests confronting wild beasts and tribes. Thus, the exodus of the Tangkhul from China to Myanmar and finally to India is indeed a story of heroism of human courage and endurance. In course of time every Tangkhul village became a small republic like the Greek city states. Every village had an unwritten constitution made up of age-old conventions and traditions. The Tangkhul villages were self-sufficient except for salt, and self-governing units ruled by hereditary or elected chief assisted by a Council of Elders. The chief was a judge, administrated and commander rolled into one. 
The ancient Tangkhul history is hitherto an unrecorded past. History however became more enlightened by the beginning of the 13th century owing to the cultural, trade and sometimes turbulent relations which had grown up with the people of the valley. References to the Tangkhul were found as early as the 13th century during the reign of Thawanthaba (1195-1231 AD) of Ningthouja Meitei dynasty. The chronicles refer to the frequent raids in many tribal villages by these Kings.
There has always been some form of relationship between the Tangkhul and the Meitei in terms of political alliance and trade relation. Some items of Naga material - culture indicate a long history of contact between the plain and hills. The “Elephant Cloth” (Leirungphi), for instance, resplendent with complex animal designs, worn by the Nagas of Manipur, has its origin in the wish of the ruler of Manipur in the mid-seventeenth to present his Naga allies with a special cloth. The popular Tangkhul shawl “Changkhom” is also known as “Karaophi” in Manipur. The Tangkhul dance (pheichak) was known as “Chingkheirol” in Manipur, from the fact that it came from “Chingkhei” (North East of Imphal).
During the reign of the most powerful Meitei King Pamheiba a.k.a. Garib Nawaz (1709–1748) for the first time, the heartland area of the Tangkhul country was brought under the suzerainty of Manipur. In 1716, the king’s forces invaded the great Tangkhul village of Hundung and sixty eight prisoners were captured. In 1733, the king sent a military expedition to Ukhrul and conquered. The outcome of the expeditions incurred heavy casualty on the King’s forces; the royal chronicles record the death of seventy Meitei soldiers. The defeat of these two big villages situated in the heart of Tangkhul country was landmark in the establishment of the Meitei political hegemony over the Tangkhul hills which started feeling the brunt of the Meitei power. The Ningek inscription of king Garib Nawaz refers to the Khullakpa of Okhrul (Ukhrul). Ukhrul was the headquarters of the Tangkhul Long (Tangkhul Assembly), as well as the Tangkhul annual fair locally known as “Leh Khangapha” used to be held at Somsai in Ukhrul. Hence the fall of Ukhrul in 1733 in the hands of the Meitei Maharaja herald the fall of the Tangkhuls country.
The next significant relationship between the hills and the valley took place during the reign of Bhagyachandra (1759–1762 and 1763–1798). In 1779 king Bhagyachandra established a new capital at Langthabal about seven kilometers south east of Imphal. For the nest 17 years Langthabal remained as the capital. He employed many Tangkhul and Kabui Nagas in the digging of moats around the new capital of Langthabal. Of the Tangkhul chiefs, Khullakpa of Hundung and Ukhrul made friendship with the king.
The relationship between the Tangkhuls and the Meiteis during the mediaeval period was not only of wars and conquests. They also carried on trade and commerce. The Tangkhuls supplied cotton to the valley. They also came and did sale and purchased in the Sanakeithel which was the principal market in Imphal. The Tangkhuls are used Manipuri coin of bell-metal locally called ‘sel’ as a medium of exchange which was first introduced during the reign of Khagemba (1597–1652).
The boundary of Manipur and Burma ( Myanmar ) was laid down by an agreement signed between the British authorities (East India Company) and Burma on 9 January 1834 on the river bank of Nighthee ( Chindwin). The Article No.4 (iii) of this agreem
ent relates to the Tangkhul country. “Fourth (iii) - On the north, the line of boundary will begin at the foot of the same hills at the northern extremity of the Kabo Valley and pass due north up to the first range of hills, east of that upon which stand the villages of Chortor (Choithar), Noongbee (Nungbi), Nonghar (Nunghar), of the tribe called by the Munepooriis (Manipuris) Loohooppa (Tangkhul), and by the Burmahs Lagwensoung, now tributary of Manipoor.”
As a result of this boundary demarcation without the knowledge let alone consent of the Tangkhuls, many Tangkhul village situated in Somrah hills are include under Burma . Later, when India and Burma attained national independence, the Tangkhuls found themselves totally dismembered belonging to two different countries.
Culture.
Ukhrul is dominated by the Tangkhul Nagas.
They have a rich culture. Each cultural activity is centred on the propitiation of deity known
as 'Kameo". They have their own traditional folk dance known as 'Pheichak'. Pheichak occupies an important place in the live of the Tangkhul. There are many forms of pheichak and every pheichak depicts or exp
resses the live of the people. Raiyot is the war dance which is performed before and after going to war. Luivatyot, shomkhapyot, Luirayot etc. are different forms of pheichak associated with agricultural live of the people.
The life and art of the Tangkhul are attractive and captivating. Their different costumes and wears, 
utensils, architecture, monumental erections and memorial set-ups depict their dexterity in art, which also speak of their sense of beauty and finesse. Though there are common costumes and wears, both for male and female, there are also some costumes and wears exclusively meant for male and female.
Some of the traditional clothes and wears are:
Clothes/shawls
Exclusive women's wear
Exclusive men's wear
Music and dance.
Tangkhuls are music lovers and their songs are soft and melodious. Apart from encoding into the music the varied seasonal and cultural ideas and philosophies, music is a medium wherein historical events are also related in the lyrics. In as much as religious fervor is incorporated and composed in the songs, the romantic nature of the people also finds its expressions in the music. There are various varieties of songs, some are mood special, some are festival/seasonal specials. These folksongs and folklores can be taught and sang by anybody, anytime, but there are also some specific musical expressive melodies of every region or area.
These folksongs and folklores can be played or accompanied by musical instruments. Some of the musical instruments are: 1. Tingteila (Violin), 2. Tala (Trumpet), 3. Phung (Drum), 4. Mazo (Woman’s mouth-piece), 5. Sipha (Flute), 6. Kaha Ngashingkhon (Bamboo pipe) etc.
Corresponding to the rhythmic composition of the songs, the dances of the Tangkhuls are also rhythmic and these are eventful and vigorous. Thrilling as they are, there are also some special occasional dances, like the Kathi Mahon - dance for the dead, Laa Khanganui - virgin dance during Luira Festival, Rain Pheichak - war Dance etc. Many young Tangkhuls have initiated the continuation of the old folk form into mordern Popular culture. An attempt by Reuben Mashangva to infuse folk lyrics and melody into modern songs are a good examples of the young trying to come to term with the past and their western /Christian oriented tradition of music.
The present Tangkhul music can be divided roughly into the following categories:
A) Folk song : A purely uncontaminated songs that has been handed down by the ancestors through oral tradition. Such songs are sung during the traditional festival like, Luira, Mangkhap, Thisham and therleo phanit.
B) Gospel Song (Vareshi Laa) are songs translated from the Christian hymnals, which includes all the Christian popular songs. these songs are promoted by the various Church associations and are sung in the church.
C) Lungchan Laa (Romance Song) the most popular type of songs sung by the youths. It is western in tone and melody but retain the symbolic and lucid beauty of the traditional songs. In fact the lungchan laa can be consider as the pop songs of the community.
D) Folk Blue : Started by the well known folk singer Reuben Mashangva in the late 1980s, this style has almost become a movement of blending the past with the present. many scholars and writers have taken keen interest in knowing and exposing the style.
Traditional tools, implements and ornaments.
Varao Kazei, Zeithing, Kazei, Vakui, Malah, Mayongcha, Khairei, Pheimakhei, Kuisikhai, Kangra, Ngalasop, Huishon, Ngalsop Kasai, Mayong pasi, Khommasing, Haar Kazao, Nakhui, Mani.
Common items.
The house structure is more or less similar for all the villages, but the carvings on the posts and blinks vary from village to village and area to area. To display the splendour and wealth of the rich and noble families, tree trunks - "tarung" are erected in front of the house. Some even erect monumental/memorial stones in the courtyards or at some prominent sites in the village area. Construction of all these entails strict ritualistic procedures and norms.
Dress.
Tangkhul wears a colourful traditional dresses. 
Women wear 'Kashan' and 'Kongsang' while men have their shawl known as 'Haora'. However, as with the rest of the world, they have been rapidly westernized as a result of globalization.
Language.
The Official language is 'Tangkhul language'. However there are different kinds of dialects for every village. There are more than 200 dialects estimated be spoken in each and every village. The first Tangkhul primer was published by the Rev. William Pettigrew in 1898. Since then many literature have come up. The complete Bible was translated and published in 1936. The Tangkhul Literature society was formed in the year 1937. The Tangkhul language has been included as a major Indian language subject by the CBSE, ICSE and MBSE.
Politics.
Three Members are elected to the legislative Assembly of the state. The three constituencies are: (1) Phungyar (2) Chingai and (3) Ukhrul. Among the three constituencies the constituencies of Phungyar and Ukhrul have produces candidates of repute and have even occupied the Chief Minister's post. The Tangkhuls are highly politically aware tribes, though the British introduced the direct electoral politics to them they are not new to the system of electing a leader through consensus and selection. The Tangkhul Naga Long which is the apex body of the tribe is governed by a president who is elected by the village representatives.
The people of Ukhrul have also produce besides the two chief ministers ( Yangmaso Shaiza & Rishang Keishing) many able leaders for naga national movements such as RS Suisa and Th. Muivah.
Ukhrul is part of Outer Manipur (Lok Sabha constituency).
Economy.
Agriculture is the main economics activities of the Tangkhul who are living in this district. There is no good supply of electricity. Transport and communication infrastructures are also at bare minimum. Hence, no industry is found here.
Education.
College:William Pettigrew College

</doc>
<doc id="2926121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926121" title="Leila Berg">
Leila Berg

Leila Berg (12 November 1917 – 17 April 2012) was a British children's author, known also as a journalist and writer on education and children's rights. She began writing in a more realistic and gritty style, for younger children, in the 1960s, in the "Nippers" series of readers in an influential move designed to bring children's books closer to ordinary, real, urban life, and away from the Janet and John reader style. (And, probably, the comforts of Enid Blyton's world, a ubiquitous influence of the period.) She was awarded the Eleanor Farjeon Award in 1973 for her work.
She was brought up in Salford, Lancashire, in a Jewish doctor's family; she wrote vividly about this part of her life in "Flickerbook" (1997). There she describes also later meetings in Cambridge through her older brother, particularly with Margot Heinemann, and J. B. S. Haldane whom she would reference obliquely in the early "Chunky" books. She associated with Young Communist League members at the time of the Spanish Civil War (in which she lost two lovers) and eventually joined it. Her first job as a journalist was with the British communist daily paper "The Daily Worker" (later renamed "The Morning Star").
She was influenced in her thinking by psychologist Susan Isaacs. After working as a journalist in World War II, during which she married and started a family, she started to write children's fiction. She also took an interest in the progressive education movement of A. S. Neill, Michael Duane, head of Risinghill School, and John Holt. She became children's editor for the publisher Methuen. As she said, " All my life I have sought to empower children" (speech at honorary degree ceremony, University of Essex).
Leila Berg died on 17 April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2926137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926137" title="TinyFugue">
TinyFugue

TinyFugue, or tf, is a MUD client, primarily written for Unix-like operating systems. It is one of the earliest MUD clients in existence. It is a successor to the earliest MUD client, TinyTalk, through a never-officially-released improved version called TinyWar. It has been maintained by Ken Keys since the early days and he continues to work on it to this day. Like the name suggests, it is primarily geared toward TinyMUD variants, but can easily be used or adapted for most other MUD types.
TinyFugue is a terminal application. It is usually used in split-screen display mode, which means it has a separate gameplay area, a status line and text input area. For MUDs that use prompts (LPMuds, for instance) the prompt is also displayed in the input area. The text input area allows the commands to be edited before sent to MUD, and also has full command history.
TinyFugue is extensible through its own macro language, which also ties to its extensive trigger system. The trigger system allows implementation of automatically run commands, text highlighting and coloring, text filtering (user gagging or spam filtering), and like.
TinyFugue is distributed under GPL, and it is included in most Linux distributions and works on most Unix-like operating systems. A version also exists for Microsoft Windows, and unofficial ports also exist for many platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="2926150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926150" title="Allentown (Pittsburgh)">
Allentown (Pittsburgh)

Allentown is a south neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The zip code used by residents is 15210, and has representation on the Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 3 (Central South Neighborhoods).
History.
Beltzhoover Avenue is a north-south thoroughfare that separates Allentown and Knoxville (to the east) from Beltzhoover and Mt. Washington (to the west). The city of Pittsburgh expanded and absorbed these areas lying southward of the original city of Pittsburgh.
Allentown was carved out of St. Clair Township, which was one of the original townships of Allegheny County. On April 26, 1827, Joseph Allen, an Englishman, purchased the land that would eventually be known as Allentown from Jeremiah Warder. Incorporated on March 2, 1870 and annexed by the City of Pittsburgh on April 2, 1872, Allentown was settled by many skilled German immigrants who established businesses. Welsh, Irish, and English settlers made up the second largest immigrant population. 
Allentown developed quickly due to its convenient location to downtown Pittsburgh as well as due to the available transportation. Two main roads south from Pittsburgh merged on the hilltop in Allentown: Washington Road (today’s Warrington Avenue) and Brownsville Turnpike Road (today’s Arlington Avenue). The neighborhoods were connected at first by horse-drawn streetcars and later by the electric streetcar. In 1888 Allentown became the first site west of the Allegheny Mountains to operate an electric streetcar. Ever since then the trolley, or ‘T’, has run through the neighborhood of Allentown, keeping the hilltop residents connected to downtown Pittsburgh. In the past there were five inclines that served Allentown, the most famous of which was the curved Knoxville incline with a station at the intersection of Warrington and Arlington. Today the T line is used primarily as an emergency route when the South Hills Transit Tunnel is down for some reason, several bus routes, and many more roads connect the neighborhood with the downtown, South Side, and beyond.

</doc>
<doc id="2926153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926153" title="Constantin Stamati">
Constantin Stamati

Constantin Stamati (1786, Iaşi – September 12, 1869, Ocniţa) was a Romanian/Moldovan writer and translator. 
He settled in Chişinău, Bessarabia (presently in Moldova) after the 1812 partition of Moldavia at the end of the Russo-Turkish War, but made his literary debut in Iaşi.
Stamati became a civil servant and official translator under the first Russian administration of the region. He was rewarded by the Russian Emperor with the Medal of Saint Anne and became a knight of that order. 
He made the acquaintance of the Russian poet Alexander Pushkin at the time of latter's exile to Chişinău in 1820-1823. Stamati's most important work, "Povestea poveştilor" ("The Tale of Tales"), an idealized description of Moldavia's beginnings in verse, was published in Iaşi in 1843. His other works include contemporary satires and glorifications of Moldavia's past.
In 1866, he became one of the founding members of the Romanian Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="2926154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926154" title="Yaakov ben Moshe Levi Moelin">
Yaakov ben Moshe Levi Moelin

Yaakov ben Moshe Levi Moelin () (c. 1365 – September 14, 1427) was a Talmudist and "posek" (authority on Jewish law) best known for his codification of the customs ("minhagim") of the German Jews. He is also known as Maharil - the Hebrew acronym for "Our Teacher, the Rabbi, Yaakov Levi" - as well as "Mahari Segal" or "Mahari Moelin". Maharil's "Minhagim" was a source of law for Moses Isserles’ component of the "Shulkhan Arukh".
Biography.
"Maharil" was the son and pupil of Moshe Levi Moelin, Rabbi of Mainz, and a pupil of R. Shalom b. Isaac of Wiener Neustadt. At a young age, Moelin was recognized as a budding scholar. In 1387, he succeeded his father as Rabbi of Mainz. He established a yeshiva in Mainz which attracted many students. One of his most noteworthy students was Jacob Weil. Moelin lived through the mass slaughter of Jews in Austria in 1420 and the Hussite wars in 1421, which brought suffering to the Jews of Bavaria and the Rhine; see History of the Jews in Germany. "Maharil" played an important role in rebuilding these communities. He died and was buried in Worms.
Moelin composed "piyyutim" for the synagogue. He was also a notable "Hazzan" who famously ruled that traditional melodies should not be changed. Some traditional melodies attributed to him were still in use in pre-World War II Mainz. He appears also to have been familiar with the study of astronomy.
Works.
"Maharil's" best known work is Minhagei Maharil, also known as "Sefer ha-Maharil" or simply the "Minhagim". It contains a detailed description of religious observances and rites, at home and in the synagogue, and thus provides an authoritative outline of the "minhagim" of the German Jews. It also contains sermons and textual comments. It was compiled by Moelin's student, Zalman of St. Goar, and was first published - with various additions - at Sabbioneta, in 1556 and frequently thereafter. It had a great influence on the Jews of Central Europe and was largely responsible for the importance attached to "minhag" in these communities. This book is frequently quoted in the codes and commentaries - including Moshe Isserles who cites "Maharil" frequently in the "Shulkhan Arukh" - and has become a valuable source for later scholars.
Another pupil of Moelin, Eleazer b. Jacob, collected some of Moelin's "responsa;" these were published in Venice in 1549. Many more of Moelin's "responsa" remained in manuscript. These were collected and edited by Rabbi Yitzhak Satz, and, published in 1977 under the title "SHuT Maharil heChadashot" ("New Responsa of Yaakov Molin").
Recently, the German esoteric scholar Georg Dehn has argued that the MaHaRIL was also the author of "The Book of Abramelin" which he wrote under the pseudonym of Abraham von Worms. However, this is disputed.

</doc>
<doc id="2926166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926166" title="Tianmu, Shilin District">
Tianmu, Shilin District

Tianmu (天母) is a neighborhood located in Shilin, Taipei City, Taiwan. Located on the northern border of Shilin District, Tianmu borders the neighboring district of Beitou and Yangmingshan National Park.
Tianmu is best known as an enclave for Taiwan's US expatriate community. Because most of the members of the US Armed Forces and their families lived in Tianmu, Taiwan, during the period when the US aided Taiwan financially to boost the economy in the 1960s, there are many Western-style buildings. Middle to lower-ranking US servicemen reside within present-day Tianmu, while higher-ranking officers reside in neighboring Yangmingshan.
Also, the establishment of Taipei American School, Taipei Japanese School and Taipei European School attracted more foreigners to congregate in this area. In addition, some countries that have developed diplomatic relationships with Taiwan also sent their foreign ambassadors to Tianmu, making it a tiny melting pot containing a richly diverse population.
Tianmu is home to Taiwan's first branch of Mister Donut, a Shin Kong Mitsukoshi department store, a Sogo department store, and a Dayeh Takashimaya department store. It also hosts a number of western restaurants like Chili's and Cold Stone, as well as specialty stores which cater to the expat community. Moreover, Tianmu is famous for the diversity of foreign cuisines, which includes French, Italian, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Thai food.
Tianmu Baseball Stadium, which replaces the old Taipei Municipal Baseball Stadium, is located in Tianmu. Right next to the Baseball Stadium is Tianmu Sports Park. The public facility has six tennis courts, a skating rink, a few children's playgrounds, an open-air theater, four basketball courts, a jogging track, a biking path, and a multi-purpose lawn.
School Education.
Elementary School
Junior High School
College
Special Education
Foreign Schools
Embassies and Representative Offices in Tianmu.
There is a special Embassy District in Tianmu where many Embassies and Representative Offices are located.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2926168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926168" title="Muruzábal">
Muruzábal

Muruzabal is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926177" title="Brent Webb">
Brent Webb

Brent Webb (born 9 November 1979 in Cairns, Queensland, Australia) is a professional rugby league footballer for French club Catalan Dragons of Super League. A New Zealand national representative fullback, he previously played in the National Rugby League for the Warriors before moving to Super League with English club Leeds Rhinos.
Background.
Of Torres Strait Islander descent, Webb was born in Cairns and educated at Townsville's Kirwan State High School. He played his junior rugby for the Cairns Kangaroos. He was the Queensland Cup leading try scorer in 2001 before being spotted by Daniel Anderson and signed by the New Zealand Warriors.
Professional playing career.
New Zealand Warriors.
Webb made his NRL debut for the Warriors in front of a home crowd against the Newcastle Knights on 1 April 2002, aged 21. He was named the Supporters' Player of the Year in 2003 and 2004. Webb became eligible for selection after living in New Zealand for three years. He was part of the New Zealand squad that won the 2005 Rugby League Tri-Nations. 2006 was Webb's last for the Warriors. Despite being the club's top try-scorer with a career best 11 tries, it was a frustrating season.
Leeds Rhinos.
Webb played for Leeds in the Super League. The club announced they had captured the signature of New Zealand full back Brent Webb during the 2006 season on a two year contract. He came to the Headingley fresh from being one of the players of the tournament in the Tri Nations. Since making his first team debut back in 2002 Webb has established himself as an attacking full backs in NRL and later the Super League. His reputation has earned him the chant from the South Stand spectators, 'Brent Webb is Superman!'.
Brent Webb received a four match ban following two head high tackles in Leeds' 2007 match against Harlequins RL at the Twickenham Stoop. The Kiwi international had an eventful game, being placed on report twice and sin-binned, but then scoring two tries and having a hand in others.
Webb was forced to withdraw from the New Zealand national rugby league team squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup through injury.
On 29 June 2011 Brent signed a new 1-year deal with Leeds to keep him at the club until the end of 2012, despite reports linking him with a move to newly promoted Widnes Later that year he played at fullback for Leeds in the 2011 Challenge Cup final which was lost to Wigan. 
It was announced on 4 September 2012 that Brent Webb had signed for the Catalans Dragons on a two year deal.
Personal life.
His partner Jenny gave birth to their first son in April 2007 and named him Ruben Douglas Webb, after retired Kiwis' captain Ruben Wiki.

</doc>
<doc id="2926178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926178" title="Mués">
Mués

Mues is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
External links.
Mues- daughters of Zeus. There was 9 daughter and their roles were to inspire. 
Polyhymnia, inspired song. Uranus, inspired astrology. Calliope, inspired epics.

</doc>
<doc id="2926183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926183" title="Marc Panther">
Marc Panther

, real name , is a French-Japanese rapper, singer, and co-producer born on February 27, 1970 in Marseille, France. His father is French and his mother is Japanese, and he goes by Marc Jules Pinsonnat in France. He is a member of the pop group globe and 245. His solo single "Very Very Nice Song" reached number 90 on the Oricon singles chart in 1995. He currently lives with his family in Ishigaki, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
He is now operating his own Japanese restaurant "博多道場" in Hong Kong and Southern China.

</doc>
<doc id="2926185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926185" title="Mélida">
Mélida

Mélida is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926186" title="Lanark (disambiguation)">
Lanark (disambiguation)

Lanark is the county town of Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Lanark may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926190" title="Hornby Lighthouse">
Hornby Lighthouse

Hornby Lighthouse, also known as South Head Lower Light, is an active lighthouse located on the tip of South Head, New South Wales, Australia, a headland to the north of the suburb Watsons Bay. It marks the southern entrance to Port Jackson and Sydney Harbour, as well as lighting the South Reef, a ledge of submerged rocks. It is the third oldest lighthouse in New South Wales.
History.
The need for a lighthouse at the entrance of Jackson Bay was made evident by the loss of two ships. First was the "Dunbar", wrecked in August 1857, with the loss of 121 lives. The second was "Catherine Adamson", two months later in October 1857, with a loss of twenty-one lives.
A committee of the Light, Pilot and Navigation Board took evidence in September 1857 and recommended the construction of a lighthouse on the inner South Head, 
showing a fixed white light (F.W.), although a red light was also considered.
The lighthouse was designed by Alexander Dawson, the New South Wales Government Architect at that time. Dawson approved the recommended location as having adequate foundations, and also reported that the government stores already had a catoptric lens apparatus available that has been purchased in 1853.
The tower construction ended in 1858, and it was the third lighthouse built in New South Wales, following Macquarie Lighthouse in 1818 and Nobbys Head Light in 1858. It was opened by Sir William Denison, Governor of New South Wales, and named after the family of his wife Caroline, daughter of Admiral Sir Phipps Hornby, though it was known as the "Lower Light", to distinguish it from Macquarie Lighthouse, the "Upper Light".
The original apparatus was a first order catoptric lens, and the light source was a kerosene lamp.
Also built with the lighthouse was a sandstone keeper's cottage, also designed by Dawson. A second cottage was constructed in 1860, and two rooms were added to each of the cottages in 1877. The cottages were connected to the city water only in 1897, using stored waters until then.
In 1904 the light was upgraded to incandescent gas, In 1933 the light was electrified, and the lighthouse was automated and demanned.
In 1948 a Chance Brothers catadioptric lens was installed, and the light characteristic was changed to a rhythmic light.
Following the automation of the lighthouse in 1933, the lighthouse and cottages fell into disuse. With World War II the shoreline fell under control of the Army, and remained so until 1977, housing serving married personnel. Following classification by the National Trust in 1975, the army transferred the station to the National Parks and Wildlife Service, which restored the cottages and instated caretakers.
The light's current characteristic is a white light showing two seconds on, three seconds off (L.Fl.W. 5s), visible for . The current light source is a 12 volt 55 watt quartz halogen lamp.
Structures.
The lighthouse is a tapered circular structure, built of curved dressed sandstone and standing above the ground. It is painted with distinctive red and white vertical stripes. The sandstone was quarried locally.
On top of the tower is a non ferrous metal balcony and railing, painted white, surrounded the glass enclosed lamp.
To the west of the tower are the two Georgian style sandstone cottages, now painted, constructed from the same locally queried sandstone, and having timber verandahs and picket fences. The original slate roofing has been replaced with corrugated asbestos.
Site operation.
The light is operated by the Sydney Ports Corporation, while the site is managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service of the Department of Environment, Climate Change and Water as part of the Sydney Harbour National Park. The site is open and accessible to the public, but the tower itself is closed. It can be reached by walking along the South Head Heritage Trail through Sydney Harbour National Park, starting at Camp Cove.

</doc>
<doc id="2926191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926191" title="Navascués">
Navascués

Navascués is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. In Basque the town is spelled "Nabaskoze". It has a population of under 200.

</doc>
<doc id="2926196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926196" title="Leucopogon verticillatus">
Leucopogon verticillatus

Leucopogon verticillatus, or Tassel flower, is the tallest epacrid in Western Australia. Its striking form and similarity to bamboo made it the first Western Australia export to Japan, where it is used in flower arrangement. It was one of the many species authored by Scottish botanist Robert Brown, appearing in his 1810 work "Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen".
The leaves form whorls around the stalk separated by gaps of 3–6 cm. The leaves are a light green to yellow-orange in colour and have clear veins. The small flowers form tassels of pink or red. It grows in heavy soils in Karri, Jarrah, Tingle and similar forests in the south-west botanical province. The plant is an understorey plant and likes partial shade, although it can tolerate full sun if sufficient water is available.
Cultivation.
Tassel flower is difficult to keep in cultivation. It strikes only very slowly and seed has not been successful. It may be necessary to use soils high in laterite or to provide appropriate leaf-litter to maintain a mycorrhizal fungus. [http://www.ffp.csiro.au/research/mycorrhiza/intro.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2926203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926203" title="Arlington (Pittsburgh)">
Arlington (Pittsburgh)

Arlington is a south neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The zip code used by residents is 15210, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 3 (Central South Neighborhoods). The Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire houses 22 engine in Arlington. The city has discussed the possibility of closing 22 engine completely. 22 engine is a vital key to second and third alarm firefighting in the city.
Surrounding Pittsburgh neighborhoods.
Arlington Heights, South Side Slopes, Mount Oliver, 

</doc>
<doc id="2926205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926205" title="Manu Vatuvei">
Manu Vatuvei

Manu Vatuvei (; born 4 March 1986), is a New Zealand rugby league player for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League competition. His position of choice is on the wing. Vatuvei was a member of the New Zealand Kiwis squad that won the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. On Tuesday, 24 August 2010 it was announced that Vatuvei had extended his contract with the Warriors to the end of the 2013 season.
Background.
Vatuvei was born in New Zealand and is of Tongan heritage. He grew up in the same Otara neighbourhood as Ruben Wiki and attended Sir Edmund Hillary Collegiate. His cousin is Tongan-Japanese rugby union player Ruatangi Vatuvei. 
Vatuvei played for the Otara Scorpions and Otahuhu Leopards in Auckland Rugby League competitions before playing for the Otahuhu Ellerslie Leopards in the Bartercard Cup. When he was only 16 he joined the New Zealand Warriors development squad.
Playing career.
2000s.
Vatuvei made his debut for the Warriors in Round 11 of the 2004 NRL season against the South Sydney Rabbitohs. He made his international debut against the Kangaroos on the 16 October 2005. It was the opening game of the 2005 Tri-Nations, where the Kiwis beat the Kangaroos at Telstra Stadium. He later went on to play in the Tri-Nations final, scoring two tries on the way to a 24–0 victory over the Kangaroos.
Vatuvei was selected to play for the New Zealand national team on the wing in the 2007 ANZAC Test match against Australia, scoring a try in the Kiwis' 6-30 loss.
In 2008 Vatuvei had his most consistent season to date, playing well and being a major strike-weapon for the Warriors. At times with his combination of pace and strength, only injury could stop him – and stop him it did, Vatuvei suffered a broken leg on 27 April.
He however returned from injury to be a major force in the Warriors push for the playoffs. With the Warriors in an away, last round, do-or-die match against Parramatta Eels where they needed a win to qualify for the playoffs, Vatuvei scored a hat-trick of tries and was dominant in the high kicks, as the Warriors convincingly won 28–6 to qualify in 8th spot and book a match against minor premiers Melbourne Storm.
The match against the Eels was a huge confidence booster for Vatuvei due to the fact that the last time he played at this venue (2007) he dropped many high kick bombs which led to tries and a 6–30 Warriors loss. With this new found confidence and self-belief he had everything to gain in the match against the Storm, the reigning premiers.
Vatuvei turned on one of the best performances of his career as on the 14 September 2008 he played a huge role in the upset of minor premiers Melbourne Storm winning 18–15 at Olympic Park (where the Storm had only lost twice in three seasons). He scored one of the Warriors three tries and was denied another by a forward pass ruling. With the Warriors trailing 15–14 in the 78th minute, he received an offload from Jerome Ropati and busted several tackles over a run of 40m before passing to Michael Witt who sprinted 20m to score the match-winning try.
Vatuvei scored another try in the Warriors 30–13 elimination semi-final victory over the Sydney Roosters, a game that qualified the Warriors for the preliminary final against the Manly Sea Eagles.
Vatuvei was named in the New Zealand squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. Vatuvei went on to star in the tournament, breaking New Zealand's World Cup record for most tries in a match with four against England. He went on to play in the first New Zealand team to win the World Cup, defeating Australia in the final. Vatuvei's efforts were recognized as he was named International Winger of the year in 2008.
The Warriors failed to make the finals of the 2009 NRL Premiership, but Vatuvei finished the season as the club's top try-scorer.
2010s.
In 2010 Vatuvei announced that he had extended his Warriors contract until the end of the 2013 season.
He has now surpassed Stacey Jones' club record of 77 tries. Vatuvei scored his 78th try against the Titans on the 10 of September 2010 in the first week of play-off matches. Vatuvei scored his 90th NRL try for the Warriors in the 2011 NRL Grand Final against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in a losing effort 24-10, Vatuvei's first and only Grand Final appearance to date.
Due to an injury to the incumbent captain, Simon Mannering, Vatuvei captained the side for several games near the end of the 2012 NRL season. On 11 August 2012 Vatuvei became the first player to score 100 tries for the club. Along with Shaun Johnson and Konrad Hurrell, Vatuvei was the 2012 New Zealand Warriors season's top try-scorer with 12. At the end of the 2012 season, New Zealand played a test match against Australia and Vatuvei, usually the Kiwis regular winger, was not picked.
Vatuvei was the 2013 New Zealand Warriors season's top try-scorer.
In the Kiwis' opening game of the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, a win against Samoa, Vatuvei scored a hat-trick of tries.

</doc>
<doc id="2926208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926208" title="Arlington Heights (Pittsburgh)">
Arlington Heights (Pittsburgh)

Arlington Heights is a neighborhood in the southern portion of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The zip code used by residents is 15210, and this neighborhood is represented on the Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 3 (Central South Neighborhoods). This neighborhood is home to five government housing projects.
Twenty Second Street Incline.
Arlington Heights was once connected to the mills along the Monongahela River by the Twenty Second Street Incline, which ran from Josephine Street to Salisbury Street, near the location of Fort McKinley. 
Surrounding Pittsburgh neighborhoods.
Arlington, South Side Slopes

</doc>
<doc id="2926216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926216" title="Labadie Arboretum">
Labadie Arboretum

The Emile L. Labadie Arboretum is an arboretum operated by the Landscape Horticulture department of Merritt College, 12500 Campus Drive, Oakland, California, USA.
Emile Labadie was an esteemed professor in the department and also worked for the San Mateo Department of Agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="2926220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926220" title="Nazar (amulet)">
Nazar (amulet)

A nazar ( Old Turkic: "gökçe munçuk") is an eye-shaped amulet believed to protect against the evil eye ("evil eye", from "nazar" and "amulet" from "boncuğu"). The word "nazar" is derived from the Arabic نظر, "sight" or "seeing". In Turkish, it is also called Munçuk. 
Amulet.
In Central Asia, during the ages of Tengrism, people held similar superstitions like horseshoes, garlic, wolf's tooth, dried thorn, lead, stones; but the crystal blue eye has always been the most popular one.
It is a common sight in Turkey, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Greece, Cyprus, Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, Armenia, Iran, Afghanistan, Iraq and Azerbaijan, where the nazar is often hung in homes, offices, cars, children's clothing, or incorporated in jewellery and ornaments. They are a popular choice of souvenir with tourists.
A typical nazar is made of handmade glass featuring concentric circles or teardrop shapes in dark blue, white, light blue and black, occasionally with a yellow/gold edge.
Eye bead.
The Turkish "boncuk" (sometimes called a "göz boncuğu" 'eye bead') is a glass bead characterized by a blue glass field with a blue or black dot superimposed on a white or yellow center. Historically old, the blue bead has gained importance as an item of popular culture in Modern Turkey. The bead probably originated in the Mediterranean and is associated with the development of glass making. Written documents and extant beads date as early as the 16th century BC. Glass beads were made and widely used throughout the ancient world: from Mesopotamia to Egypt, from Phoenicia to Persia, and throughout the Roman imperial period.
Other uses.
The nazar image was used as a symbol on the tailfins of aeroplanes belonging to the private Turkish airline Fly Air. It is used in the logo for CryEngine 3, a game engine designed by Crytek, a video game company founded by three Turkish brothers (Cevat, Avni and Faruk Yerli). The father of Attila the Hun was called Munçuk. Nazar was used in the logo of the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup events.

</doc>
<doc id="2926222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926222" title="Evarn Tuimavave">
Evarn Tuimavave

Evarn Tuimavave (born 28 June 1984) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers of the Super League. He primarily plays prop.
Playing career.
Born in Auckland, New Zealand, Tuimavave played his junior football for the Pt Chev Pirates, Richmond Rovers and Bartercard Cup team, Marist Richmond Brothers while being educated at Mount Roskill Grammar School and St Paul's College, which is noted for its rugby league teams. In 2002, he followed his uncle Tony's footsteps in joining National Rugby League team, the New Zealand Warriors. In Round 25 of the 2002 NRL season he made his NRL debut against the Northern Eagles. In early 2003, he was dropped and spent the next twelve months in the Bartercard Cup. In 2007, he played for the Auckland Lions in the NSWRL Premier League. He then cemented his place in the top 25-man squad and was regularly named on the bench in 2008. In 2009, Tuimavave suffered a serious injury and did not play a first-grade game until Round 21. His contract was not renewed for the 2010 season.
In September 2009, Tuimavave signed a 2-year contract with the Newcastle Knights starting in 2010. He tore his achilles tendon in Round 10 of the 2010 NRL season which ruled him out for the rest of year. Tuimavave made his return in Round 1 of the 2011 NRL season and went on to play 20 games that season. He then extended his stay into 2012.
On 25 July 2012, Tuimavave signed a 2-year contract with English Super League club, Hull Kingston Rovers starting in 2013.
Representative career.
In 2002, Tuimavave was named in the Junior Kiwis squad that played in two matches against touring Australian teams.
In 2006, he was selected for New Zealand A, who played and won a match against an Australian Invitational side.
He was first named in the New Zealand Kiwis squad in 2007 when he was 18th man for the ANZAC day test. In 2008 he was named in the training squads for both the New Zealand and Samoan World Cup teams. After initially not being selected for the 24-man Kiwis squad he was called up as a replacement for the injured Jeff Lima and made his test debut against England.
Personal life.
Tuimavave is from a famous rugby league family, two of his uncles, Tony and Paddy both played for the New Zealand Kiwis and his father played in the Auckland Rugby League Fox Memorial competition.
In Tuimavave's early teens, he was an Auckland representative in tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="2926223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926223" title="Westfield Helensvale">
Westfield Helensvale

Opened in Helensvale on 13 October 2005, Westfield Helensvale also referred to as Helensvale Town Centre, is the newest Westfield Shopping Centre.
It is the first Westfield for the Gold Coast and includes Coles, Kmart, ALDI, Target and Woolworths as majors as well as a food court with McDonald's, KFC and Subway. It also provides optimum access to Helensvale Station.
When approval for construction of the centre was requested by Westfield, it was suggested that the Helensvale location was too close to existing centres at Southport (Australia Fair) and Runaway Bay (Runaway Bay Shopping Village). The Gold Coast City Council argued that the planned Coomera Town Centre (about up the M1) would cater for the catchment. Westfield Helensvale was built mainly because Coomera Town Centre, which is planned to be the true heart of the region, was hitting obstacles in the ways of planning. Part of the outcome of that debate was that part of the Westfield Centre was meant to have the appearance of an outdoor shopping street connecting the train station through to the older Helensvale shops nearby. However, since the older shops are located across a major road they have been refurbished for local shopping. The Westfield Helensvale shopping centre has predominately mall enclosed shopping and only a few shops open to outside traffic. Many other Westfield shopping centres conversely are often fully enclosed malls, however the company is redeveloping a number of sites (such as Garden City) to include outdoor, piazza style areas.
Parking and Transportation.
Westfield Helensvale has 2000 car parking spaces, all of which are free. 
The parking areas are divided in accordance with which section of the centre they are adjacent to, as well as to provide easy access to local and regional roads.
The shopping centre is adjacent to Helensvale railway station, which is serviced by various buses and trains to local areas and Brisbane.

</doc>
<doc id="2926228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926228" title="Mansehra">
Mansehra

Mansehra / Hindko dialect Urdu: ) city is located at in Mansehra District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is very near Abbottabad city. It is a major stop for tourists on the Karakoram Highway which leads to China. It is also a major transit point to the northern areas and locations such as the Kaghan Valley, Naran, Shogran, Lake Saiful Mulook and Babusar Top.
History.
The word Mansehra is actually the Hindi word "Mahaan Sehra" means the flowers in abundance
The area of Mansehra has been under the rule of various emperors and governments, including Alexander the Great, Ashoka the Great, the Afghans, the Turks and the British Empire.
Alexander period.
Alexander the Great conquered and established his rule over a large part of northern India, including the Mansehra area. In the year 327 B.C. Alexander handed the area over to the Indian king Abisares. Turkish rule came to an end due to the increased aggression of the Pashtuns and their allied forces. In 1646, the Turks came under attack by the Swatis under the leadership of Akhund salak, who was the "mureed" of Syed Abdul Wahab Akhun panju baba forefather of (Akhunkhel Miangan), whose tomb is in Akbarpura, and succeeded to overthrow the Turks from the throne of Pakhli Sarkar. The Turks were pushed towards the mountainous areas of Tanawel (Behali) and other parts of Hazara, including Haripur (Manakrai). The Turks remained in control of certain small areas, assuming the title of Raja. Raja Amanulla of Manakrai, Haripur, one of the descendants of the Turkish rulers of Hazara, rose to prominence during post-independence era, when he became the speaker of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa assembly in 1985.
Maurya dynasty.
During the Maurya dynasty, Mansehra was a part of Taxila. Ashoka the Great was the governor of this area when he was a prince. After the death of his father, the Mauryan emperor Bindusara, Ashoka ascended to the throne around 272 B.C. and made this area one of the major seats of his government. The Edicts of Ashoka inscribed on three large boulders on the side of a rocky outcrop near Mansehra serve as evidence of his rule. The Mansehra rocks record fourteen of Ashoka's edicts, presenting aspects of the emperor's "dharma" or righteous law, and represent the earliest irrefutable evidence of writing in South Asia. Dating to middle of the third century BC, they are written from right to left in the Kharosthi script.
Mansehra (Hazara) under Turks.
The Turkish Shahi and Hindu Shahi dynasties ruled Mansehra one after another. Among the Hindu Shahi dynasty rulers, Raja Jayapala is the best known. Mahmud of Ghazni defeated him during his first Indian campaign. However, there is no historical evidence that Mahmud of Ghazni ever visited or passed through Mansehra.
After the fall of the Hindu Shahi dynasty in the 11th century, the Kashmiris took control of this area under the leadership of Kalashan (1063 to 1089). From 1112 to 1120, King Susala ruled this area. In the 12th century, Asalat Khan captured this area but soon after Mohammad of Ghor's death the Kashmiris once again regained control of Mansehra.
In 1399, the Muslim warrior Timur, on his return to Kabul, stationed his Turk soldiers in Mansehra to protect the important route between Kabul and Kashmir. By 1472, Prince Shahab-ud-Din came from Kabul and established his rule over the region. Prince Shahab-ud-Din, a Turk of central Asian origin a descendant of Amir Taimur, founded the state and named it Pakhli Sarkar and chose the village of Gulibagh as his capital.
During the period of Mughal rule, local Turkish chiefs acknowledged Mughal authority. In fact, Mansehra (Pakhli) provided the main route to Kashmir and was the most commonly used route for Emperor Akbar to travel to Kashmir.
In the 18th century, Turkish rule came to an end due to the increased aggression of the Swathis and their allied forces. The most crucial attack was that of the Swatis in collusion with Syed Jalal Baba in 1703. Syed Jalal Shah was the son in law of the last ruler of Turkic dynasty, Sultan Mehmud Khurd. During the absence of the Sultan Syed Jalal Shah (Jalal Baba) took advantage of the situation, conspired with Swatis, invited them to attack Pakhli Sarkar and succeeded to overthrow the Turkish rulers from the Sarkar. Thus Swatis ousted the Turks and captured this area. The descendents of this Turkic dynasty still live in various parts of Hazara, such as Tumbah, Behali, Bararkot, Manakrai, Girwal, Mohar,
Durranis.
When Ahmad Shah Durrani expanded his kingdom to Punjab, Hazara also came under his control. Durrani considered it wise to rule the area through local tribal chiefs. The Durranis' rule ended abruptly in the beginning of the 18th century.
Sikh rule.
The fall of the Durranis led way for the Sikhs to rise to power under Ranjit Singh. The Sikhs gained control of Mansehra in 1818, after stiff resistance from its inhabitants. When Mansehra fell under Sikh control, it was annexed to Punjab. Syed Ahmad Barelvi, with the help of the Mujahadeen, led many revolts and attacks against the Sikhs. At last, in 1831 during a fierce battle at Balakot, Syed Ahmad was killed. This allowed the Sikhs to consolidate their control of Mansehra. After Ranjit Singh's death, the Sikh empire began to disintegrate. At this time, the British gained control of Punjab, and, through this, gained control of Mansehra.
British period.
By 1849, the British had gained control of all of Mansehra. People of Mansehra remained a constant source of trouble for the British for four decades (1852–92). The British sent many expeditions to crush the rebellion, especially in the Black Mountains. To maintain peace in the area the British also took preventive measures by co-opting the local rulers.
The British divided Hazara District into three tehsils (administrative subdivisions): Mansehra, Abbottabad, and Haripur; and decided to annex it to the Punjab. In 1901, when the North West Frontier Province (NWFP) (now Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa) was formed, Hazara was separated from Punjab and made a part of it. Throughout their rule in Mansehra, the British met fierce resistance from the local tribes and declared martial law. Meanwhile, the many villages around Mansehra largely governed themselves. Many of Mansehra's citizens joined the Khilafat Movement.
During British rule, Mansehra was still a village; its population according to the 1901 census was 5,087. During the British period Mansehra was the headquarters of Mansehra Tehsil, then a subdivision of Hazara District.
When the Muslim League in Pakistan started its movement for a separate land, the local people joined and struggled for liberation under the leadership of Quaid-i-Azam. Their eventual victory culminated in the creation of Pakistan, an independent state for the Muslims of the sub-continent.
During Bhutto's regime, Mansehra was upgraded to a district, containing two subdivisions: Mansehra and Battagram. Later, the Mansehra district was divided into two districts namely Mansehra and Battagram, and tow subdivisions Balakot and Oghi were added to the Mansehra district.
Literacy.
Mansehra is in a province with a literacy rate of 35.41%. In comparison, Pakistan as a whole has literacy rate of 43.92%, while Islamabad leads the nation with 72.4% literacy.
First schools.
The first primary schools in Mansehra district were established in village Behali (1872) and Baffa (1874)and subsequently in Mansehra town in 1892. Nawansher and Sherwan in Hazara also had primary schools con-temporarily( 1870s).
Subdivisions.
The city of Mansehra is administratively divided into four Union Councils:
Each union council is divided into Mohallas.
Language.
Hindko dialect of Punjabi Language and Pashto is the mainly spoken.Gujari is the spoken in many area of mansehra District.
Academic Institutions.
The district has one university, the Hazara University Mansehra and several colleges. Both Government and private colleges had played a major role in the literacy of Mansehra.
Cultural festival.
In Durgashtami in Chetr and in Assu, at the locality of Bareri, Hindus from the vicinity, to the number of about 400, assemble at the top of Bareri hill to worship Devi (as Durga)and to present offerings, which are taken by a Brahmin of Mansehra. The assembly on each occasion lasts only one day. The boulders near the base of Bareri Hill are notable because they contain Ashokan inscriptions. At the nearby village of Chitti Gatti, there is an old temple dedicated to Shiva and probably one of the oldest Shiva Lingas in the region.
Tourism.
All of the Mansehra district is bestowed with enarmous natural beauty along with cultural diversity. The region was one of hotspot for international tourists in past. However, with the recent security issues, the number of foreigner toursit has decreased. The Pakistani tourists, however, are highly attracted by the region.
Places.
Atter Shisha
- Baffa
- Balakot
- Old Mansehra City
- Township Mansehra
- Reerh
- Siran valley
- Kaghan Valley
- New Balakot
- Naran
- Shogran
- Oghi

</doc>
<doc id="2926231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926231" title="John Roper, Baron Roper">
John Roper, Baron Roper

John Francis Hodgess Roper, Baron Roper (born 10 September 1935), is a British politician.
John Roper was educated at William Hulme's Grammar School (Manchester), Reading School, Magdalen College, Oxford (studying PPE), and the University of Chicago.
Roper started his career as an economics lecturer at the University of Manchester. He then went into politics and was elected Member of Parliament for Farnworth. He sat as a Labour Co-operative MP (1970–81) and for the Social Democratic Party (SDP) from 1981 to 1983, when he was also the party's Chief Whip. His Farnworth seat was subsequently abolished, and he contested Worsley at the 1983 general election, finishing third in a three-way marginal.
On 12 May 2000 he was created a Life peer as Baron Roper, of Thorney Island in the City of Westminster. He was the Liberal Democrat Chief Whip in the House of Lords until 2005. He was subsequently appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom. In 2008, he was elected Principal Deputy Chairman of Committees.
He has controversially been accused by Anthony Glees of being a Stasi "agent of some influence" during his time at Chatham House. Lord Roper rejects the charge indignantly. He says he was engaged in building bridges with East Germany in the 1980s as part of a Foreign Office-approved policy of thawing relations.
"He was deceived, he says, about the background of an undercover Stasi officer he employed as a research fellow when he was director of studies at Chatham House." 

</doc>
<doc id="2926232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926232" title="Nazar, Navarre">
Nazar, Navarre

Nazar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
This town is close to the Codés mountain range, part of which falls within its municipal term.

</doc>
<doc id="2926233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926233" title="Ervin McSweeney">
Ervin McSweeney

Ervin Bruce McSweeney (born 8 March 1957 in Wellington) is a New Zealand cricketer. He played 16 One Day Internationals in the 1980s in Richard Hadlee's team as a wicketkeeper-batsman but he never played in a Test match.
He toured Zimbabwe with a Young New Zealand team in 1984-85, and with the New Zealand senior team he toured Australia in 1985-86 and Sri Lanka in 1986-87, and played in the Austral-Asia one-day series in Sharjah in 1985-86.
McSweeney played first-class cricket between 1979-80 and 1993-94 for Central Districts and Wellington. His top score was 205 not out for Wellington against Central Districts in 1987-88, when he added 341 for the fifth wicket with Gavin Larsen. He captained Wellington in 1982-83 and 1983-84, and from 1988-89 to 1990-91. He also played for Hawke's Bay in the Hawke Cup.
He later became Chief Executive of Cricket Wellington, and announced his resignation from that position on 31 August 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2926238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926238" title="Sealand, Flintshire">
Sealand, Flintshire

Sealand () is a community in Flintshire, north-east Wales, on the edge of the Wirral peninsula. It is west of the city of Chester, England, and is part of the Deeside conurbation on the Wales-England border. At the 2001 Census, it had a population of 2,746 (1,342 males, 1,404 females).
Sealand is on flat land formed by land reclamation of part of the head of the estuary of the River Dee which had become heavily silted-up. It is on the A548 road, near the Chester dormitory communities of Blacon and Saughall.
The river Dee flowed to the sea along the current border between Wales and England, until in the 18th century it was diverted into its present channelized course to try to improve ship access from the sea to Chester. That led to extensive land reclamation in the head of the Dee estuary. The River Dee Company (1741-1902) had a right to reclaim the marshes and build embankments following the re-alignment of the Dee.
Airfield.
RAF Sealand was originally a civilian airfield and was taken over by the military in 1916 for training. No. 30 Maintenance unit was formed there in 1939. In 1951 the station was taken over by the United States Air Force, and then handed back to the RAF in 1957.
As a result of defence cuts announced in 2004, RAF Sealand was closed in April 2006.
In popular culture.
Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), the globally successful new wave act from Wirral, recorded the song "Sealand" for their seminal 1981 album, "Architecture & Morality".

</doc>
<doc id="2926245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926245" title="Noáin (Valle de Elorz) – Noain (Elortzibar)">
Noáin (Valle de Elorz) – Noain (Elortzibar)

Noáin (Valle de Elorz) – Noain (Elortzibar) is a municipality in Navarre, Spain. The main settlement is Noáin, a suburb in the southern part of the Pamplona metropolitan area and with many industrial parks. The municipality comprises also several rural villages. Pamplona airport is located in Noáin.

</doc>
<doc id="2926248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926248" title="Pennsylvania Route 14">
Pennsylvania Route 14

Pennsylvania Route 14 (PA 14) is a Pennsylvania highway that runs for . It runs from U.S. Route 15 in Trout Run, Pennsylvania to the New York-Pennsylvania border at Fassett, Pennsylvania, co-signed with U.S. Route 6 for a short distance in Troy. The highway continues in New York as New York State Route 14.
It once extended south all the way to the Maryland border, following Lycoming Creek Road, High Street, Hepburn Street, Market Street and East Third Street through the Williamsport area. It roughly followed the Susquehanna Trail to Northumberland, U.S. Route 11 to Shamokin Dam, US 15 to York Springs, and Pennsylvania Route 94 to Maryland.
Route description.
PA 14 begins at US 15 in Trout Run in Lycoming County and heads northeast, paralleling Lycoming Creek. It then turns more northerly at Bodines before crossing into Tioga County. It runs through Roaring Branch before entering Bradford County.
In Bradford County, PA 14 provides access to Grover, then forms a short concurrency with PA 414, splitting up in Canton. North of Canton, PA 14 passes through Alba before serving as the west terminus of PA 514 south of Troy. At Troy, PA 14 joins with US 6. PA 14 then splits off to the north to Columbia Cross Roads. PA 14 then runs through Snedekerville, Gillett, and Fassett before crossing the New York state line and becoming NY 14.
History.
PA 14 was formed in 1927, stretching from the Maryland state line to the New York state line. When formed, it was concurrent with several U.S. Highways in the Williamsport area, including U.S. Routes 111, 120, and 220. From Harrisburg to York, it followed U.S. Route 15 and what is today Pennsylvania Route 94 via the Susquehanna Trail. In 1930, the route was realigned onto what is now Pennsylvania Route 405 from Lewisburg to Muncy.
By 1940, US 111 was redesignated as U.S. Route 15. As in previous years, PA 14 remained concurrent with the roadway now carrying US 15 to Northumberland. From Northumberland south to Duncannon, PA 14 was realigned onto the western bank of the Susquehanna River, creating an overlap with U.S. Route 11. At Duncannon, US 11 split from PA 14 and crossed the Susquehanna while PA 14 continued south along the riverbank to Lemoyne, a suburb of Harrisburg. Here, PA 14 joined US 11 on a brief overlap east across the Susquehanna into Harrisburg. At Front Street, US 11 turned north while PA 14 continued east on Market Street. PA 14 then turned right onto 4th Street, following the road out of Harrisburg to Paxtang, where PA 14 terminated at U.S. Route 322 and U.S. Route 422.
In the 1950s, from Muncy to Clarks Ferry, PA 14 ran east of the Susquehanna River on what is now Interstate 180 and Pennsylvania Route 147; the US 15 designation was moved west to run concurrent with US 11. From Clarks Ferry to Harrisburg, PA 14 was concurrent with U.S. Routes 22, and 322.
By 1970, the Susquehanna Riverbank extension of PA 14 became Pennsylvania Route 147. PA 14 was truncated to terminate at U.S. Route 15 in Trout Run.

</doc>
<doc id="2926249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926249" title="Obanos">
Obanos

Obanos is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926253" title="Misty (film)">
Misty (film)

Misty is the name of a 1961 film based upon Marguerite Henry's award-winning children's book "Misty of Chincoteague", published in 1947. It was made with a budget of $705,000 and was directed by James B. Clark.
1961 filming.
The movie is about a special bond between children and wild animals. Set on Virginia's coastal island of Chincoteague on the Delmarva Peninsula, it was largely filmed on-location. Using local people for most roles, it starred only six professional actors, including Arthur O'Connell, Pam Smith and future Hollywood executive David Ladd. Misty was played by another horse, although she may be seen in the background in a group of ponies.
The story is based upon "The Pony Swim", which is an annual event that involves rounding up some of the wild ponies who live on nearby Assateague Island for auction as a benefit for the local Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Department. It features two real life characters of Chincoteague, a young brother and sister, who capture an elusive mare on Assateague named the Phantom and later own her foal, Misty.
At the premier of the movie on Chincoteague, the real Misty was led down Main Street and put her front hoof prints in the cement in front of the Island Theatre, now called Roxy Theater. The book and the movie brought widespread publicity to Chincoteague and Assateague, and the local culture, traditions, and natural beauty and wildlife on the remote and isolated barrier islands.
Aftermath.
The coastal area on the Atlantic Ocean is no stranger to volatile weather. The year after the film was released, a winter storm, one of the worst Nor'easters to ever occur there, struck. During the Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962, the Beebe family, the real-life owners of Misty, brought her inside their home to weather the storm. Shortly thereafter, she gave birth to a foal, which the children named "Stormy." This prompted author Henry to write a sequel: "Stormy, Misty's Foal", published in 1963. Henry had written a previous sequel, "Sea Star: Orphan of Chincoteague", published in 1949.
Possibly due in part to publicity from Ms. Henry's books and the movie, most of Assateague Island was protected from development by the National Park Service and became Assateague Island National Seashore in 1965. 
On Virginia's Eastern Shore, the annual "Pony Swim" and auction continues, helping both the community and the herd of wild ponies. 
"Misty", a classic family movie, is available on home video and DVD. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926255" title="Big Empty">
Big Empty

"Big Empty" is a song by the American hard rock band Stone Temple Pilots that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to the Brandon Lee movie "The Crow". The song later appeared on the band's second album, "Purple". The song was released as a successful single, reaching #3 and #7 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock Tracks and Modern Rock Tracks charts, respectively. The song is also notable for having a similar format to the band's previous single "Creep", beginning with a slow, soft acoustic verse that leads into a loud and distorted chorus with a heavy guitar that has a similar format to "Plush". "Big Empty" appears on the greatest hits compilation albums "Thank You" and "Buy This".
Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine wrote that ""Big Empty" is a "a perfect encapsulation of mainstream alienation" and praised it as a highlight on "Purple".
Live performances.
The song was performed live for the first time during a taping of "MTV Unplugged" on November 17, 1993, seven months before "Purple" was released. "Big Empty" was not included when their "Unplugged" episode debuted in January 1994. However, in May to help promote "The Crow" soundtrack, MTV placed the "Unplugged" performance of "Big Empty" into their heavy video rotation, as there was never an official promo video for the song. On STP's 2008 reunion tour, "Big Empty" was the opening song for every show except for the band's performance at the Virgin Mobile Festival in Baltimore on August 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2926259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926259" title="YTR">
YTR

YTR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926260" title="Clinton Toopi">
Clinton Toopi

Clinton Toopi (born 29 February 1980 in Stratford, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby footballer of the 2000s and 2010s. A New Zealand international representative centre, he played his club football in the National Rugby League for the New Zealand Warriors and Gold Coast Titans and in Super League for the Leeds Rhinos.
Rugby league career.
Toopi began his career playing rugby league with the junior ranks of the Mt Wellington and Otahuhu Leopards clubs. He played for Auckland South in the 1999 provincial competition. His first grade career began with the then Auckland Warriors, debuting against the South Sydney Rabbitohs on 2 May 1999. He went on to play 119 games for the club, including the 2002 NRL Grand Final loss to the Sydney Roosters.
On 31 May 2006 Leeds Rhinos announced the capture of Toopi for the 2007 season as a replacement for Chev Walker. On 17 July he was granted an early release from the New Zealand Warriors so he could join the Rhinos for the rest of the season, this was granted the day before the deadline to register players in Super League. He made his debut on 4 August 2006 against Hull FC.
Rugby union career.
On 23 August 2008 Leeds released Toopi, due to a knee reconstruction that would keep him out of action for 9 months. He attracted interest from the Japanese rugby union club Sanyo Wild Knights and expressed interest in joining the Manly Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League competition however he did not secure a contract.
Toopi instead returned to New Zealand and switched to rugby union, joining the Whakatane Marist team in the Eastern Bay rugby union competition. On 18 June 2009 it was announced that he had made the Bay of Plenty Rugby Union's squad for the Air New Zealand Cup, justifying his switch of codes. He agreed to join the Gold Coast Titans for 2010.
Return to league.
During the 2010 pre-season Toopi trialed with the Gold Coast Titans. He did enough to impress management and earn a one year contract. This was later extended for the 2011 season. He retired at the end of 2011.
Representative career.
In 2000 Toopi was part of the Aotearoa Maori side that played at the World Cup.
Toopi represented New Zealand on twelve occasions between 2001 and 2005. Toopi played for the Kiwis 14 times. He scored three tries in one match against Australia in the 2005 Tri Nations.
Toopi again played for the New Zealand Māori in 2010, captaining the side against England.

</doc>
<doc id="2926261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926261" title="Eulophia andamanensis">
Eulophia andamanensis

Eulophia andamanensis is an orchid endemic to the Andaman and Nicobar group of Islands (off the east coast of India between and ) and also in the north-western tip of Langkawi island in Malaysia. 
The genus Eulophia belongs to the subfamily Epidendroideae, tribe Cymbidieae, and subtribe Cyrtopodiinae. "Eulophia andamanensis" is found growing wild in the Little Andaman Islands, where the temperature ranges between 23–30 °C and the annual average rainfall is 3473 mm. Tropical evergreen forest floors of Andamans is the habitat of this orchid, and it is scarcely distributed.
The growth habit is sympodial. The stem at the base is bulbous, with thick roots. The leaves are short during flowering, linear lanceolate. The bracts are shorter than the pedicel, the sepals 2 cm long, the lip shorter than the sepals. The sepals are linear lanceolate, 3–5 nerved, acuminate; both the sepals and petals are pale green in colour, the lip green at the base and white at the centre with maroon horizontal striations. The flowering period is from November to March, with the florets borne on long spikes (0.6–1.3 m long), and last for about 50 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2926262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926262" title="South Side Flats">
South Side Flats

The South Side Flats is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's South Side area. It is located just south of the Monongahela River. The neighborhood has one of the City of Pittsburgh’s largest concentrations of 19th century homes which has prompted outsiders to call the neighborhood the City’s Georgetown. It includes many bars and restaurants as well as residences. The main throughway in the South Side Flats is East Carson Street. This street is home to a significant portion of Pittsburgh's nightlife.
History.
The South Side was once composed of a number of smaller communities. These included Birmingham and East Birmingham, both named for the English Midlands industrial center, Birmingham; Ormsby, originally a part of East Birmingham, incorporated as a borough in 1866; South Pittsburgh, the area immediately adjacent to the Smithfield Street Bridge, and Monongahela, named for the adjacent Monongahela River. These boroughs were collectively annexed to the city in 1872.
The South Side and much of the hillsides to its south had been granted to Major John Ormsby in 1763, in recognition his assistance in the building of Fort Pitt. By the 1770s, Ormsby had built an estate on these lands and established a ferry for connecting his home with the community in Pittsburgh.
In 1811, Ormsby’s son-in-law, Dr. Nathaniel Bedford, laid out a town on the flats, naming it Birmingham in tribute to his native city. Bedford had come to Pittsburgh around 1770 and was the first practicing physician in the district known as Allegheny County.
He named the streets after his Ormsby’s children; names which the South Side streets still bear—Mary, Jane, Sarah, Sidney. Carson St. was named after a sea captain who lived in Philadelphia and was a friend of Dr. Bedford. In the early days it was part of the Washington Pike, the main road to Washington, Pennsylvania. The nearby municipality of Mount Oliver would be named for John Ormsby’s son Oliver Ormsby. The two areas were once connected by a coal incline run by the Keeling Coal Company, now the site of South Side Park.Birmingham quickly became a sizable industrial center because of the easy access to river and rail transport. The region would first become a center of glass production, followed by a concentration of iron and steel manufacturing. In 1850, Benjamin Franklin Jones invested in a South Side iron works. During the depression of 1873, he formed a partnership with a banker, James H. Laughlin. The firm of Jones and Laughlin Steel Company would eventually become the South Side’s largest employer. By 1910, it would employ over 15,000 workers. The expansion of the plant in 1950 would require the demolition of residential homes between 31st and 33rd streets.
The majority of workers who had settled in the area were immigrants of Eastern Europe. They found home throughout the Flats and Slopes of South Side and had brought much of their culture and traditions to the area. Many of the Eastern European churches, clubs and bars are still present in the South Side.
The decline of the steel industry was a major blow to the neighborhood. In addition to layoffs at the J&L Plant, the Levinson Steel Company which had been located on the South Side closed in 1981. The facility had been located along the river between 19th to 21st streets, and was later converted into a strip mall.
A series of arsons hit the South Side neighborhood in the early 1980s. Prominent buildings on the corner of 18th and Carson Streets and the Arcade Theater on Carson St. were also demolished by fire. The Arcade Theater had opened in 1929 and was the first theatre outside of Downtown Pittsburgh to have sound and air-conditioning. A Rite Aid pharmacy sits on the site of the theater.
The early 1980s saw the beginnings of redevelopment on the South Side. The Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation helped establish and partner with the South Side Local Development Company in 1982. In 1985, the South Side’s East Carson Street was selected to participate in the National Trust for Historic Preservation’s Main Street Urban Demonstration Program. Community involvement played a major role in the redevelopment of the former J&L site.
The Jones and Laughlin Company had merged with the Ling-Temco-Vought (LTV) Corporation in 1974. The company would merge its J&L Steel subsidiary with Republic Steel to form LTV Steel in 1984. The South Side J&L/LTV plant shut down in 1986. Once closed, City of Pittsburgh Councilman Otis Lyon wanted the site's Bessemer converter building, an open hearth building, four smokestacks, and a J&L sign to be preserved. The plan fell through when it was determined that these structures posed a safety hazard, although the J&L sign is mothballed beneath the Panhandle Bridge for future use. Riverboat gambling was considered for the site and in 1993, and the City of Pittsburgh Urban and Redevelopment Authority (URA) purchased the site with money loaned by a potential developer for $9.3 million. The URA eventually redeveloped the site to be the Southside Works complex. The project has brought national retailers to the eastern end of the neighborhood.
Geography.
The South Side Flats is located at 40°25′43.76″N 79°59′8.08″W and covers .
The Flats is surrounded by the neighborhoods of Arlington, South Shore, South Side Slopes, and across the Monongahela River, Bluff, Hazelwood, and South Oakland. East Carson Street runs the length of the Flats, and four bridges, Liberty Bridge, South 10th Street Bridge, Birmingham Bridge, and Hot Metal Bridge, connect the Flats to other locations across the river.
The South Side Riverfront Park runs the majority of the border of the Flats to the Monongahela River. It hosts a myriad of events, like the annual Pittsburgh Dragon Boat Festival. The Three Rivers Heritage Trail also runs through the park.
Demographics.
According to the 2000 census, there were 5,726 people living in the neighborhood and 3,613 total housing units within its boundaries. The racial makeup of the neighborhood was 95.2% White, 2.6% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.7% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.2% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Hispanics and Latinos of any race were 1.3% of the population.
Out of the total number of housing units, 86.7% were occupied. There were 9.2% of households with those under the age of 18 and 31.0% with those over the age of 65.
The population was generally decreasing with 22,476 in 1940; 17,942 in 1950; 12,586 in 1960; and 9,260 in 1970.
Trivia.
Kaufmanns Department Store was founded as a tailor shop on Carson St. on the South Side in 1871.
The South Side had the first electric railway in the City of Pittsburgh. The line started at 13th and Carson and traveled to Mount Oliver Borough.
The base of the Knoxville Incline was at 12th Street on the South Side. The incline was built in 1890, had an 18-degree curve, and was the longest incline ever built in Pittsburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="2926263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926263" title="Don Cameron (Victorian politician)">
Don Cameron (Victorian politician)

Donald James "Don" Cameron (19 January 1878 – 20 August 1962), Australian politician, was born in Melbourne suburb of North Melbourne of working-class parents and was educated in at the City Road Primary School in South Melbourne and South Melbourne College. In 1895 he went to Western Australia to search for gold, but in fact became a printer for the "Coolgardie Miner". In 1899, he returned to Melbourne and married Georgina Eliza Werrin. In 1901 and 1902 he served in the Australian Army in the Boer War and was wounded. He settled in Western Australia where he worked as a plumber and became an official of the plumbers' union and later secretary of the Trades Hall. Returning to Melbourne in 1919 he became active in the Victorian Socialist Party, a Marxist party. He was secretary of the Melbourne Trades Hall, editor of the Tramways Union newspaper and President of the Victorian Branch of the Australian Labor Party.
Political career.
Cameron ran unsuccessfully as the Labor candidate for election to the Australian House of Representatives seats of Balaclava in 1929 and Fawkner in a by-election in 1935. He also was beaten for election to the Australian Senate in 1931, but won in 1937. When John Curtin formed a Labor government in October 1941, Cameron became Minister for Aircraft Production in the wartime government. In the Chifley government from 1945 to 1949 he was Postmaster-General. From 1946 to 1949, he was Deputy Leader of the Labor Party in the Senate. Aged 71 when the Chifley government left office, he returned to the backbench, and did not stand for re-election at the 1961 election, being very deaf.
Cameron died less than two months after the expiration of his term in the Melbourne suburb of Malvern East, survived by his wife and three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="2926270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926270" title="Brilliant Corners (disambiguation)">
Brilliant Corners (disambiguation)

Brillian Corners may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926272" title="Ochagavía – Otsagabia">
Ochagavía – Otsagabia

Ochagavía or Otsagabia is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Ochagavia can be found in the north of the Valley of Salazar, near the Irati forest and not far from the border with France.

</doc>
<doc id="2926273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926273" title="Boughton, Cheshire">
Boughton, Cheshire

Boughton is a neighbourhood to the east of Chester city centre, part of the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It is located atop the steep banks of the River Dee as it turns the meadows bend for the last time around the 'Earls Eye' before flowing into Chester.
Most of Boughton forms part of an unparished area which until 1974 comprised the county borough of Chester. The adjoining areas of Boughton Heath and Vicars Cross lie within the separate civil parish of Great Boughton, which is outside the boundaries of the city of Chester.
History.
The name 'Boughton' or 'bluestone' may have originated from the placement of a blue boundary stone (now lost) alongside the road similar to the Gloverstone which stood outside Chester Castle.
The Romans were known to have used water flowing from a well in the area. The water was piped directly into the centre of the Roman fortress of Deva (present day Chester). How long this waterway operated is unknown, but by medieval times it had been either restored or rebuilt, for the use of the Benedictine Abbey of St Werburgh in Chester (later Chester Cathedral).
Water was conveyed to the fortress by a lead pipeline. Part of the aqueduct was found during the construction of the Grosvenor Park Lodge.
A major find from Boughton was a large Roman altar standing almost four feet high. It was discovered by workmen in 1821 toppled over in a field (now lost) called 'The Daniels' near the present day water works. The altar was damaged by a pickaxe before it was realised what it was. The altar marked the position of the wellhead for the springs for the Roman fortress. It is dedicated to the 'Nymphs and fountains of the Twentieth Legion (Legio XX Valeria Victrix)'. The inscription is on both sides. The altar was purchased privately by the Duke of Westminster and is now in the private grounds of Eaton Hall.
In medieval times the area was home to Spital Boughton, a community which grew around a Leper hospital founded there in the 12th century by Ranulph de Gernon, 2nd Earl of Chester. The word (ho)Spital gave Spital Boughton its name. The hospital operated for over 500 years and today its location is marked by the old cemetery of St Giles.
The inscription is visible from the road:
"St Giles Cemetery. Here stood the leper hospital and chapel of St Giles. Founded early in the 12th century and endowed by successive Norman earls of Chester they remained in constant use until 1643. When defensive measures during the siege of Chester necessitated the demolition of buildings outside the city walls. The cemetery remained to mark the site and in time the little village of Spital Boughton clustered around it. In 1644 the royalist defenders suffered great loss of life in a gallant sortie in Boughton and many of the fallen were buried here. It was also used for victims of the plagues which ravaged the city in the 16th and 17th centuries. Being extra parochial the site was granted to the corporation by Charles II in 1685. As a burial ground and through for a period in the charge of St Johns parish. It remains in their hands. When Protestant martyr George Marsh was burned at the stake on gallows hill close by his ashes were collected by his friends and buried here. The last burial took place in 1854."
St. Paul's Church in Boughton was redesigned by the Victorian architect John Douglas, who also lived in Boughton.
George Marsh, a preacher from Bolton was martyred in Boughton by being burned at the stake on 24 April 1555. In 1898 Nessie Brown erected an obelisk as a memorial to him. Nessie Brown was a member of the influential Brown family of Chester, and lived in the area. The obelisk was moved to the current location after the road was widened. The inscription reads:
"George Marsh born Dean Co. Lancaster. To the memory of George Marsh martyr who was burned to death near this spot for the truth sake 24 April 1551. Also John Plessington 19 July 1679. Canonised saint 25 October 1970."
1–5 Christleton Road (between the A41 and the A51 roads ) was designed for the Co-Operative society by the Cheshire architect John Douglas in 1900. A more elaborate building and a fountain were planned but not constructed.
The 'Lead Shot Tower', where molten lead was once dropped over 40 metres to form perfect spheres for use in guns, is today a landmark. The Shropshire Union Canal, a means of transportation in the industrial age, passes through Boughton.

</doc>
<doc id="2926275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926275" title="Frank Walsh">
Frank Walsh

Francis Henry "Frank" Walsh (6 July 1897 – 18 May 1968) was the 34th Premier of South Australia, serving from 10 March 1965 to 1 June 1967.
Early life.
One of eight children, Walsh was born into an Irish Catholic family in O'Halloran Hill, South Australia. After an education at Christian Brothers College, Walsh left school at fifteen to work as a stonemason, which sparked his interest in the trade union movement. Walsh would serve as President of the South Australian Stonemason's Society and the national stonemason body and as a member of the United Trades and Labour Council of South Australia, while still finding the time to continue working as a stonemason and marry on 29 December 1925.
Parliament.
Walsh first stood for the Australian Labor Party in the safe conservative electorate of Mitcham at the 1938 state election and while losing to the Liberal and Country League (LCL) member, impressed senior ALP figures sufficiently to gain endorsement for the safe Labor seat of Goodwood (replaced by Edwardstown in 1956). Walsh duly entered parliament in March 1941 and was elected as Deputy Opposition Leader of the state parliamentary Labor Party in 1949, when it became clear no one else wanted the job. Labor had by then been in opposition in South Australia since 1933. The LCL, led by Sir Thomas Playford, ruled South Australia through a time of strong economic development and held power thanks to an electoral malappointment known as the Playmander. In response, many South Australian Labor politicians despaired of ever being in government, and believed the Deputy Opposition Leader's role to be a thankless, poor-paying job. 
Following the split in the Labor Party in 1955, Walsh, along with Opposition leader Mick O'Halloran, resisted numerous overtures to join the heavily Catholic Democratic Labor Party (DLP). Their opposition ensured that the DLP did not attain the same influence in South Australian politics that it did in Victoria and Queensland. 
Following the sudden death of O'Halloran in 1960, Walsh was narrowly elected to the Labor leadership ahead of Don Dunstan and followed O'Halloran's lead of preferring co-operation with the LCL to criticising them and maintained friendly relations with Playford, who treated him in a somewhat avuncular manner.
Walsh fought his first election as state Labor leader in 1962. Labor won decisively on the two-party vote, taking 54 percent of the vote. However, due to the Playmander, Labor won 19 seats, two short of a majority. The balance of power rested with two independents, who threw their support to Playford a week after the election. Walsh lobbied Governor Edric Bastyan to appoint him Premier instead, arguing that he had won a clear majority of the popular vote. It was to no avail. Nonetheless, the election showed just how distorted the Playmander had become. Even though Adelaide accounted for two-thirds of the state's population, a vote in Adelaide was effectively worth only half a rural vote.
Premier.
Labor finally overcame the Playmander in the 1965 election, taking 55 percent of the primary vote. For this election, Walsh abandoned a statewide campaign, instead targeting marginal LCL seats. However, the Playmander was strong enough that Labor only netted 21 seats to the LCL's 18—just enough for a majority. Walsh thus became the first Labor Premier of South Australia in 32 years, as well as the first Catholic to hold the post. He found himself the head of an inexperienced government, as no current ALP parliamentarian had previously served as a minister. This left him no choice but to entrust sensitive portfolios to men more used to criticising government actions. Walsh himself took the portfolios of Treasurer and Minister for Immigration.
Walsh's term as Premier was marked by increased spending on public education and the implementation of far-reaching social welfare and Aboriginal Affairs legislation, although many of these changes were spearheaded by his deputy and Attorney-General, Dunstan, by far the youngest member of the cabinet (he was the only minister under 50, and one of only three under 60). The socially conservative Walsh may well have personally opposed some of these moves, but felt compelled to go along.
Walsh was never comfortable dealing with the media, particularly television, and his ascension to the job of Premier only exacerbated these problems. Even before 1965, he was notorious for using complex words in the wrong context, and his speeches were often peppered with malapropisms. Walsh regularly had journalists, "Hansard" reporters, and political ally and foe alike bewildered by his statements. To give but one example, Walsh once said in parliament "In this manner, Mr Speaker, the government has acted as if this were a diseased estate. It's not sufficiently elasticated... The government is suffering from a complete lack of apathy in the case." His unease with the media was seen in stark contrast to Dunstan, who would prove to be a media relations master throughout his later terms as Premier.
Walsh's awkwardness with the media was further highlighted after 1966, the year Playford retired as Opposition Leader and the 37-year-old Steele Hall took his place. Hall's advent, a sagging economy and poor polling figures convinced local ALP heavyweights that Labor could not win the next election with Walsh as Premier. Additionally, since he was aged 67, Walsh was required under party rules to retire from parliament at the next election. Things came to a head in January 1967, when South Australian Labor power-broker Clyde Cameron publicly thanked Walsh for making the noble decision to retire to make way for a younger person. This was news to Walsh, who had made no such decision. After initially digging in his heels, Walsh eventually announced his retirement two weeks later, but not before attempting (without success) to manoeuvre his protégé Des Corcoran into the Premiership ahead of Dunstan. 
Walsh died less than two months after his retirement at the 1968 election, and was given a state funeral. While Walsh, who was considered "kindly, generous and unpretentious" by friend and foe, was credited his long parliamentary service and his support for unionism and working-class families, he would frequently infuriate fellow party members by habitually becoming obsessed with trivial issues to the detriment of affairs of state.

</doc>
<doc id="2926277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926277" title="Spring Hill–City View (Pittsburgh)">
Spring Hill–City View (Pittsburgh)

'"Spring Hill", home of the fundamentally sound baseball squad, The South Oakland Ducks, is a residential neighborhood on Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's North Side. According to a 1977 Neighborhood Atlas, "Spring Hill received its name from the many springs in the area. Germans immigrated there from 1850 to 1920, giving the neighborhood a Bavarian atmosphere. Local street names include Rhine, Woessner, Haslage, Zoller and Goehring. In 1959 ACTION-Housing opened Spring Hill Gardens, a moderate rent, racially integrated, 209-unit apartment project at Buente and Rhine Streets. Spring Hill Gardens was Pittsburgh's first multi-family housing project backed by the Federal Housing Authority." 
The neighborhood's population has changed over time. A 1974 report stated that the neighborhood held 8,000 people around 1970. This declined to 4,900 in 1974 and then to 2,900 in 2010.
Neighborhood residents have been active for decades through the Spring Hill Civic League, which was first organized to oppose the public housing project in nearby Northview Heights and has remained active ever since. This activism has helped the neighborhood to become one of the safest in all of Pittsburgh.
Surrounding neighborhoods.
East Allegheny, Fineview, Northview Heights, Perry Hilltop, Reserve Township, Spring Garden (all areas except Reserve Township are neighborhoods within the city of Pittsburgh)

</doc>
<doc id="2926281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926281" title="Carrick (Pittsburgh)">
Carrick (Pittsburgh)

Carrick is a south neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the United States. It is served by two zip codes, 15210 and 15227, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 4 (South Neighborhoods) with a part in District 3. 
Located between the suburbs of the South Hills and downtown, Carrick is well-served by public transportation. Once home to prominent mansions and wealthy families, the neighborhood currently has an affordable, solid housing stock and remains family-oriented. 
Geography.
Carrick is located on the southeastern edge of the City of Pittsburgh. It is situated atop a crest west of the Monongahela River. It is surrounded by (clockwise from the north) Knoxville, Mt. Oliver Borough, Mt. Oliver, St. Clair, Baldwin Borough, Brentwood Borough, Overbrook, Brookline, Bon Air. 
Brownsville Road runs across the top of the crest and is the main thoroughfare through the neighborhood. The Carrick section of Brownsville Road is approximately long; it generally comprises three discrete business districts with residential areas in between. 
History.
Carrick was originally part of the land grant to Major John Ormsby from King George III in 1763 for his service during the French and Indian War. Carrick and Mt. Oliver were once known as the Ormsby Tract or simply Ormsby. The city of Birmingham was organized on this land by Ormsby's son in law Nathanial Bedford.
It became known for coal mines and a glassworks in the Crailo area, also known as Spiketown, near the Presbyterian Church and Volunteers Field.
In 1853, Dr. John H. O'Brien received permission from the United States Postal Service to establish a post office in the area; for his hard work he was given the honor of naming it, and he chose "Carrick" after his home town, Carrick-on-Suir, Ireland. Carrick became a Borough in 1904 and in 1926 voted to become part of the City of Pittsburgh. In 1927 it officially became known as the 29th Ward.
Public facilities.
The neighborhood boasts of numerous parklet playgrounds, the Carnegie Library of Carrick, historic Phillips Park (comprising walking paths, a disc golf course, a recreation center and swimming pool) and Volunteers Field (comprising a baseball-only field and a multipurpose athletic field). 
In 1997, Carrick was named the first "Cool Community in the northern United States by the U.S. Department of Energy. "Cool Community" is a national recognition program for strategic treeplanting for energy conservation purposes. Partnering with conservation organizations, community groups worked to weatherize homes and businesses, plant trees and flowers, and add elements of "green building" to the renovation of Carrick High School.
The Pittsburgh Fire Bureau houses 23 Engine in Carrick. 23 Engine is a Pierce quint.
Places of worship.
Carrick includes Roman Catholic, Protestant, Evangelical, Jehovah's Witness, Lutheran and Byzantine Catholic places of worship. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926283" title="Alexandru Plămădeală">
Alexandru Plămădeală

Alexandru Plamădeală (1888–1940) was a Romanian/Moldovan sculptor. He was the artist responsible for the creation of the Stephen the Great Monument in Chişinău (1927).
He graduated from the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture.
Alexandru Plamădeală married Olga Suceveanu on September 19, 1923.
He died in Chişinău in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="2926287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926287" title="Henry Fa'afili">
Henry Fa'afili

Henry Fa'afili (born 30 May 1980 in Apia, Samoa) is a Samoan rugby footballer. He originally played rugby league but switched codes in 2007 to play rugby union. Fa'afili's position of choice is on the wing or in the centres. Fa'afili has been capped in rugby league for New Zealand and Samoa.
Early years.
Fa'afili was educated at both Manurewa High School and De La Salle College, Mangere East. He represented both the New Zealand Secondary Schools team and the Junior Kiwis in 1998.
New Zealand Warriors.
He has previously played for the Auckland Warriors in the National Rugby League competition. He made his debut in 2000.
Warrington Wolves.
Fa'afili signed for Warrington Wolves in 2004 and whilst at Warrington he scored many tries from high cross field kicks from Lee Briers. He scored 72 tries in 92 appearances for the Wolves (as at August 2007).
He was the top try-scorer in Super League for the 2007's Super League XII. He left the Wolves at the end of 2007 season because of salary cap restraints. Fa'afili played his last game for the Warrington Wolves on 14 September 2007 against Salford City Reds. The Wolves won 34–26.
Biarritz Olympique.
Fa'afili agreed what was initially seen as a short-term deal with French rugby union side Biarritz. He was initially meant to play there short term but ended up staying longer.
Leeds Carengie.
He joined Leeds ahead of the 2010–11 season but left after one season when the club were relegated.
Connacht Rugby.
Henry joined Connacht in the summer of 2011 as part of Head Coach Eric Elwood's squad, joining fellow Samoan Ray Ofisa. He left after one season
International career.
Fa'afili has also represented New Zealand in rugby league at international level on several occasions, scoring a hat-trick against Great Britain in 2003 at Ewood Park, Blackburn during the Tri-Nations. His last appearance for New Zealand was against Great Britain in June 2006 at St Helens. He also represented Samoa in the 2000 World Cup. He has also been capped internationally in rugby union for Samoa
References.
http://www.quins.co.uk/newspage.ink?nid=38331&newstype=z&matchid=&storytype=RL

</doc>
<doc id="2926290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926290" title="California-Kirkbride (Pittsburgh)">
California-Kirkbride (Pittsburgh)

California-Kirkbride is a neighborhood on Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's North Side.
The neighborhood consists of a wedge of land between the railroad tracks at the northern edge of Manchester and a steep hill at the southern edges of Brightwood and Perry Hilltop. Put differently, the neighborhood is bounded by California and Allegheny Avenues on the West; by Pennsylvania Avenue on the South; by Brighton Road on the East; and by Island Avenue on the North. A former rail yard, now home to a United States Postal Service sorting facility, occupies most of the southern border, and Oliver High School, a high school in the Pittsburgh Public Schools system, is located just north of the neighborhood's northern border at Island Avenue.
Most of the neighborhood is located on the flat river plain that comprises the majority of old Allegheny City. The neighborhood developed along with Manchester and, according to a 1974 profile by Pittsburgh's Department of Planning, would likely be considered part of Manchester but for the railroad tracks that form a border between Manchester and California-Kirkbride. That profile states that: "Historically, this area had been part of Manchester but due to the barrier imposed by the railroad, it did not receive the industrial uses typical of Manchester except on its borders. However, it was effected by the racial shift in population which increased from about 3% Black in 1960 to about 35% in the 1970 census."
The neighborhood was developed almost exclusively between 1870 and 1900. During this period, industries including tanneries, slaughterhouses, and the local rail yard were flourishing in Allegheny City, and the men working in these industries needed housing for themselves and their families. To meet this need, several businessmen - often the owners of the businesses whose workers needed housing - bought land in California-Kirkbride and built rowhouses on it. The neighborhood thus consists almost entirely of rowhouses that were initially built for industrial workers and their families. A significant portion of the neighborhood's rowhouses were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984, as the Old Allegheny Rows Historic District. As the petition nominating the district for National Register status explained, these rowhouses, while intended for industrial workers of modest means, were designed to be beautiful and to offer the workers some amenities: "The various styles and designs of row houses in the proposed Old Allegheny Rows Historic District represent the local evolution of row housing between 1870-1900. The growth of industry and manufacturing, advances and improvements in transportation, and a growing urban working class, increased the demand for housing in what had been a remote corner of the City of Allegheny. This era saw a change in the nature and appearance of city dwellings in the district from simple brick boxes intended to house the workers of a particular local industry, to an ornate polychromed speculative development with modern conveniences designed to appeal to the independent urban wage earner."
The neighborhood began to depopulate after the Great Depression. The neighborhood's demographics also shifted after 1960: the African-American population increased from 3% of the neighborhood in 1960 to roughly 33% in 1970, and then to 80% in 2000.
Since 1970, a significant portion of the neighborhood's building stock has been owned by absentee landlords who often rent to subsidized tenants through Section 8 and similar programs. Critics of these landlords allege that they listed the neighborhood as a historic district as a ruse to obtain federal funding to buy and rent the properties, while at the same time neglecting upkeep and eventually demolishing some of these neglected structures. The landlords dispute these criticisms and claim that they are working actively to improve the neighborhood.
Over time, some of the neighborhood's structures have been demolished, so that there are now (in 2011) significant gaps in the rows of houses, which are now vacant lots. Some current residents see these changes as improvements which will encourage new residents to maintain and preserve the remaining structures.
Surrounding Pittsburgh neighborhoods.
Central North Side, Manchester, Marshall-Shadeland, Perry South

</doc>
<doc id="2926292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926292" title="Xiangyang">
Xiangyang

Xiangyang () is a prefecture-level city in northwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China. It was formed from two ancient cities, Xiangyang and Fancheng. It was known as Xiangfan () until December 2, 2010. Xiangyang is divided by the Han River, which runs through its heart and divides the city north-south. The city itself is an incorporation of two once separate, ancient cities: Fancheng and Xiangzhou. What remains of old Xianyang is located south of the Han River and contains one of the oldest still-intact city walls in China while Fancheng was located to the north of the Han River. Both cities served prominent historical roles in both the Ancient and Pre-Modern Periods of Chinese history. Today, the city is, after the capital Wuhan, the second largest in the province, located about halfway between Wuhan and Xi'an.
Its built-up area made up of 3 urban districts had 2,199,689 inhabitants at the 2010 census while the whole municipality containeds approximately 5,500,307 people.
Administration.
The prefecture-level city of Xiangyang administers 9 county-level divisions, including 3 districts, 3 county-level cities and 3 counties.
The government website of Xiangyang City:
These are further divided into 159 township-level divisions, including 106 towns, 29 townships and 24 subdistricts.
History.
Xiangfan has a history of over 2800 years. It was the location of major battles during the Three Kingdoms period in 191 A.D. between Sun Jian and Liu Biao and in 1267-1273 A.D. between the Southern Song and the Mongols.
Its major scenic spots and cultural sites include Xiangyang City Moat, the Pseudo-classic Street, Ancient Longzhong, Memorial Temple to Mi Fu, Lumen Temple.
The wall of Xiangfan city is very old, but the condition is fine now. The region's premier tourist attractions are Dahongshan scenic area and some historical relics, including the Lumenshan relic, the Zhanggongci Temple, the Cheng' en Monastery, and the Baishui Monastery.
Geography.
Xiangyang has a latitude range of 31° 14'−32° 37' N, or , and longitude range of 110° 45'−113° 43' E, or , and is located on the middle reaches of the Hanshui, a major tributary of the Yangtze River. The urban area, however, has a latitude range of 31° 54'−32° 10' N, or , and longitude range of 112° 00'−112° 14' E, or . It borders Suizhou to the east, Jingmen and Yichang to the south, Shennongjia and Shiyan to the west, and Nanyang (Henan) to the north. Its administrative border has a total length of .
Xiangyang has a monsoon-influenced, four season humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cfa"), with cold, damp (but comparatively dry), winters, and hot, humid summers.
Economy.
Xiangyang possesses large water energy resources whilst its mineral deposits include rutile, ilmenite, phosphorus, barite, coal, iron, aluminum, gold, manganese, nitre, and rock salt. The reserves of rutile and ilmenite rank highly in China. Textile production is the mainstay industry of Xiangfan followed by machinery manufacture, chemical processing, electronics, and manufacture of construction materials. Agricultural resources are significant with Xiangfan's chief farm products including grain, cotton, vegetable oil crops, tobacco, tea and fruit. As the home of Dongfeng Motors, Xiangfan is a well known automobile hub. In addition, there are a number of chemical fibre enterprises in the city including Birla Jingwei Fibres, a member of the Aditya Birla Group.
Transportation.
Rail and highway transportation facilities in Xiangfan are very good. Xiangfan is a railway junction for the Xiangfan-Chongqing (Xiangyu), Hankou-Danjiangkou (Handan), and Jiaozuo-Liuzhou (Jiaoliu) Railways. Three National Highways including Route 207 pass through the city. The Han River and four other rivers are open to commercial navigation year-round. The Xiangfan Airport has commercial airline service to major cities throughout China including Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="2926298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926298" title="Brighton Heights (Pittsburgh)">
Brighton Heights (Pittsburgh)

Brighton Heights is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's northside area. It has a zip code of 15212, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 1 (North Neighborhoods). Located on a hilltop overlooking the Ohio River, Brighton Heights is adjacent to the suburban communities of Bellevue and Ross Township to the north, and the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Perry North, to the East, and Marshall-Shadeland to the South. The Western gateway to the neighborhood, Brighton Heights Boulevard, is opposite the McKees Rocks Bridge and accessible via Route 65/Ohio River Boulevard. The Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire houses 35 Engine and 33 Truck (formerly 34 Truck) in Brighton Heights.
Once a predominantly German area, Brighton Heights now has a varied ethnic mix. The community is notable for its solid stately architecture, with many fine early 20th Century homes and churches built of stone and brick, featuring stained glass windows and ornamental woodwork and fireplaces. Because of the high quality and variety of the architecture of the neighborhood, Brighton Heights is one of the regularly featured neighborhoods of Pittsburgh's annual house tours.
Brighton Heights was featured in the July 2006 issue of Pittsburgh magazine article entitled "No Place Like Home: 10 Neighborhoods you need to know about." Many of Brighton Heights' streets are lined with large maple trees, maintained by the City of Pittsburgh. Recreational opportunities include the adjacent Riverview Park, the Jack Stack pool, and Marmaduke Playground.
Transportation.
Brighton Heights is within the city of Pittsburgh, and is in "zone 1" of the public transit system. Bus lines serving Brighton Heights include the 13, 14, 16, and 17.
Bridges.
The Davis Ave. Bridge which directly connected the Brighton Heights community with the Riverview Park Pittsburgh near Perry North has been removed. Many long time residents of Brighton Heights are distressed that this now unique transition to public green space no longer exists and is determined to bring the funding for rebuilding. Despite the loss, there has been a long history of distress because of the bridge's poor condition. WPIX Report
Wilksboro Bridge is a foot bridge that has been closed to pedestrians (see waymarking.com Orphaned Bridges) with plans to rebuild a new one. KDKA Report

</doc>
<doc id="2926299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926299" title="Oco">
Oco

Oco is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926302" title="Hoole">
Hoole

Hoole is a suburb in the east of Chester, in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.
History.
The settlement was first mentioned in the Register of the Abbey of Saint Werburgh in 1119. The name is believed to mean "at the hollows" (or hole), possibly referring to the "hollow way" formed by a Roman roadway.
Hoole was a separate urban district in Cheshire until 1954 when it was made part of the County Borough of Chester.
Description.
Hoole is a residential area, contiguous with Newton to the north, and consisting of mainly Victorian terraced houses and 1930s semi-detached houses. Due to the proximity of the area to Chester City Centre, Chester railway station and the M53 motorway, the area is home to many hotels, guest houses and bed and breakfast establishments.
The main shopping streets are Faulkner Street and Charles Street. Hoole has branches of four high street banks with cash machine facilities. Open spaces in Hoole include Alexandra Park which provides tennis courts, bowling greens and a children's play area and the Coronation Playing Fields.
A large area of allotments is accessible from both Canadian Avenue and Hoole Lane. There is also a private tennis club, Hoole Lawn Tennis Club.
On 17 July 2009 sixteen flats on Hoole Lane were destroyed following an explosion on the first floor. More than thirty firefighters tackled the resulting fire at the two-storey building in Wharton Court.
Places of worship.
There are four churches in Hoole: Anglican, Baptist, Methodist and United Reformed. These churches work together to host Hoole's largest free annual event 'Funday on a Sunday', which attracted more than 6,000 people in July 2006. This event was held in previous years in Alexandra Park, but in 2006 moved to the nearby, larger, Coronation Playing Fields. The Funday event was held on the Coronation Playing Fields again in 2007 and 2008, by which time it had become part of the Chester-wide Chesterfest organised by churches in Chester.
Doubletree By Hilton Chester (formerly Hoole Hall Hotel).
Hoole is home to the Doubletree by Hilton Chester hotel and country club. Formerly known as Hoole Hall Hotel it was taken over and by Hilton Hotels and features a Marco Pierre White restaurant.
Famous Residents.
RAF pilot and charity founder Leonard Cheshire was born (on 7 September 1917) at 65 Hoole Road, which is now a guest house.
Russ Abbot (born Russell Allan Roberts on 18 September 1947), is the lead singer of the Black Abbots and later become a solo comedian.

</doc>
<doc id="2926304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926304" title="Odieta">
Odieta

Odieta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926310" title="Oitz">
Oitz

Oitz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926311" title="Bon Air (Pittsburgh)">
Bon Air (Pittsburgh)

Bon Air is a neighborhood in the south portion of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Its two zip codes are 15226 and 15210, and it is represented in the Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 4 (South Neighborhoods).
Bon Air is small in geographic size compared to the other communities in District 4, but its reputation, "Country living in the City" is well deserved by its terrain. Bon Air is on a mountaintop, surrounded almost entirely by steep forested mountainsides. Road access to Bon Air is limited by only two connecting streets to the Knoxville neighborhood to the east. North of Bon Air is McKinley Park, with a 1200 foot drop down to Bausman Avenue, to the west another drop down to Route 51. South is a precipitous drop down to a low forested valley and east a drop down into a large cemetery. One of the most isolated neighborhoods of the City of Pittsburgh, it still is only minutes away from Downtown and Oakland by public transportation and affords its residents the benefits of residing in a leafy "suburban" setting as well as the benefits of all that city life provides. Bon Air is well-served by its own "T" (light-rail) stop from which residents can be in Downtown Pittsburgh in mere minutes and is also the terminus of the 54 Bus that travels directly to the Oakland neighborhood.
The neighborhood is a balanced mix of families, single persons, and senior citizens. There is no commercial zoning on the Bon Air mountaintop, all the residences are single family homes, usually with superb views. A small parklet on the mountaintop is excellent for young children.
Surrounding neighborhoods.
Bon Air is geographically bordered by the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Beltzhoover to the north, Knoxville and Carrick to the east, and Brookline to the south and west. A small portion of the neighborhood also shares a border with Mount Washington, and Beechview. With the exception of two streets that connect Bon Air to Knoxville, there is no direct road or trail connection between the Bon Air mountaintop and any of the aforementioned neighborhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="2926314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926314" title="Kusarigamajutsu">
Kusarigamajutsu

Kusarigamajutsu is featured in several separate martial arts such as Koga Ha Kurokawa Ryū Heiho Ninjutsu, Suio Ryū and Shintō Musō-ryū. The kusarigama is made up of three parts: the "kama" (a wooden handle with a curved blade (traditionally straight) protruding at a right-angle on one end, and a small loop at the other), and the "kusari" (a chain attached to the kama) and a weight at the end of the chain. In a confrontation the kusari is swung in wide sweeping arcs to distract and entangle the opponent and the kama is used to deliver a fatal strike.

</doc>
<doc id="2926317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926317" title="The Faith Mission">
The Faith Mission

The Faith Mission exists to reach people with the good news of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. As an interdenominational agency, it works closely with all Christian churches that share a similar concern for passionate evangelism and evangelical truth, especially in areas where there is little or no biblical witness throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Rennie Warburton, a sociologist, researched The Faith Mission for his Ph.D thesis at the University of London in 1966, comparing it to Emmanuel, another interdenominational movement headquartered in Birkenhead.
Outside the United Kingdom and Ireland.
At the request of a Toronto pastor in 1927, two Faith Mission pilgrims travelled to Canada to begin work there. The Faith Mission (in Canada) has its headquarters in Campbellville, Ontario, and has workers in Ontario, British Columbia, Quebec and Saskatchewan, as of October 2008. There are also daughter organizations in South Africa and France, called the Africa Evangelistic Band or AEB and Mission-Foi-Evangile, respectively. The work of these daughter agencies is similar to the work of The Faith Mission in the U.K. and Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2926318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926318" title="Olazti/Olazagutía">
Olazti/Olazagutía

Olazti/Olazagutía is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926320" title="Olejua">
Olejua

Olejua is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926324" title="Memorial Hall">
Memorial Hall

Memorial Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926327" title="Banksville (Pittsburgh)">
Banksville (Pittsburgh)

Banksville is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (20th ward). The neighborhood of Banksville is located in the western part of the city and borders the South Hills region. Real estate agencies frequently refer to the Banksville area as Greentree City due to Banksville's shared border with the borough of Green Tree. It has two zip codes of both 15220 and 15216, and has representation in Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 2 (West Neighborhoods). Theresa Kail-Smith is the current Councilperson for district two. Banksville's primary corridor, Banksville Road, is frequently used as a gateway between the South Hills of Pittsburgh and downtown Pittsburgh via the Fort Pitt Tunnels. Banksville, formerly Union Township, joined the City of Pittsburgh around 1928.
History.
The building to the right, now converted to a restaurant, housed the fans used to control the air flow in Hartley Marshall's Enterprise Mine. 
The first known European inhabitant of Banksville was Isaac Sellers, who settled in the area in 1773. According to the "History of Allegheny County", "the earliest settlers were subjected to frequent alarms by marauding Indians." Shortly after his settlement, he was joined by James Kearns and William Chess, both from Ireland. The land, known as "The Experiment" and located on the waters of Little Saw-Mill Run, was sold in 1784 to David and Agnes Carnahan of Ireland. Just before David's death, of the land was split between David's 3 children—William, Alexander and Joseph. The land was named Banksville by Alexander Carnahan (1789–1879) in honor of the family of his second wife — Eliza Banks.
Alexander Carnahan laid out Banksville just after the Civil War. The town was a farming community as well as a properous mining town whose settlers were mostly Scotch-Irish. 
The Little Saw Mill Run Railroad, owned by the Harmony Society, was operated between Banksville and the West End beginning in April 1853.
Banksville was formerly a part of Union Township before being annexed into the city of Pittsburgh in 1907.
Banksville Related Mining activities: Coal Ridge Mine; Venture Mine, operated by Gray and Bell; Enterprise Mine, operated by Hartley and Marshall; Pittsburgh, Carnegie and Western Railroad; Westside Belt Railroad Company.
Recreation.
Residents have convenient access to the Banksville park, operated by the Pittsburgh Citiparks. The park features a playground, swimming pool, tennis courts, basketball court, batting cages, and ballfield.
Surrounding communities.
Beechview, Dormont (a neighboring borough), Green Tree (a neighboring borough), Mt. Lebanon (a neighboring municipality), Ridgemont

</doc>
<doc id="2926330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926330" title="Donald Alastair Cameron">
Donald Alastair Cameron

Donald Alastair Cameron OBE (17 March 1900 – 5 January 1974) was an Australian politician and Minister for Health.
Cameron was born in Ipswich, Queensland, and was educated at Ipswich Grammar School and Sydney University, where he graduated in arts and medicine. From 1927 to 1933 he was a medical officer at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital and the Coast Hospital in Sydney. In 1933, he married Rhoda Florence McLean and they then settled at Ipswich, where he practised until the Second World War, in which he served as a Colonel in the Australian Army Medical Corps in the Mediterranean and Middle East Theatre and New Guinea. He was mentioned in dispatches and made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1946. 
After the war Cameron joined the newly formed Liberal Party of Australia, and at the 1949 election he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives for the new seat of Oxley, based on Ipswich. He was Minister for Health in the Menzies government from 1956 to 1961. He was also appointed Minister in charge of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in 1960 following Richard Casey's retirement. At the 1961 election he was unexpectedly defeated by the young Australian Labor Party candidate, Bill Hayden.
After his defeat, Cameron worked as Commonwealth medical officer in Sydney and was High Commissioner to New Zealand from 1962 to 1965. He was then a general practitioner in the Brisbane suburb of Nundah. He died in the Brisbane suburb of Chermside, survived by his wife, daughter and son.

</doc>
<doc id="2926332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926332" title="Westminster Park">
Westminster Park

Westminster Park is both a suburb to the west of Chester in England, and a large park the area takes its name after. Chester residents do not consider the area as a part of the Lache (an adjacent suburb consisting largely of council housing) although the main route through Westminster Park is Lache Lane. In any case it can sometimes be difficult to tell where one suburb ends and another begins.
The park contains a nine hole golf course, municipal and private tennis courts, bowling greens, a cricket pitch, football pitches, a croquet pitch and a children's play area.
There is a shopping complex in Westminster Park. Some of the shops are a Co-op (supermarket), a delicatessen, hairdresser, beauty salon, a Chinese takeaway, fish and chip shop, a pharmacy, a greengrocer, and a florist.
Westminster Park has a gymnasium nearby which is part of the LA Fitness group see www.lafitness.co.uk/gym/chester. The sports complex is next to the Chester Tennis Club and The Nuffield Hospital on the Wrexham Road.
Just to the south is Chester Business Park, a large, out-of-town office complex for, among others, MBNA and M&S Money.
The residents association web site can be found at www.wp-ra.org.uk.
The website for the park at Westminster Park is www.westminsterpark.org.uk.
Westminster Park also has its own amateur weather station which can be found at www.chesterweather.org.uk.
Politics.
Local Government.
Westminster Park forms part of the Cheshire West and Chester council area.
British Parliament.
Westminster Park is in the City of Chester parliamentary constituency and is represented by Stephen Mosley, who has held the seat since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2926333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926333" title="Luc Sindjoun">
Luc Sindjoun

Luc Sindjoun (born March 31, 1964) is a professor of Political Science at University of Yaoundé, Cameroon and head of the Political Sciences Department since 2005.
He is the first African scholar trained in African universities to be successful at the French competition for the promotion to the title of "Agrégé de Science Politique" (Professor tenured). Sindjoun has authored ten books and more than fifty articles in peer-reviewed political science journals. His fields of interests are comparative politics, international relations and epistemology of social sciences.
He was granted the golden medal of French-speaking universities in social sciences 2003/2004. He served as the President of the 2007 Jury of the pan-African competition for the promotion to the title of "Professeur Agrégé de Droit Public et de Science Politique" of African French-speaking universities (CAMES). In January 2008, he was elected as a member of the French Académie des Sciences d'Outre-Mer. Sindjoun has been a member of the Executive Committee of International Political Science Association (IPSA) since 2003, and he was the President of African Association of Political Science from 2001 to 2003. He was appointed as a special adviser to the President of Cameroon in July 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2926338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926338" title="Legal Daily">
Legal Daily

The Legal Daily () is a People's Republic of China state-owned newspaper under the supervision of the CCP's Central Commission for Political and Legal Affairs that is published in the PRC and primarily covers legal developments.

</doc>
<doc id="2926339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926339" title="Stig Andersen Hvide">
Stig Andersen Hvide

Stig Andersen Hvide (died December 1293) was a Danish nobleman and magnate, known as the leading man among the outlaws after the murder of King Eric V of Denmark. In Danish tradition, he is known as "Marsk Stig".
Biography.
In spite of his surname, he does not seem to have been a member of the Hvide clan but rather seems to have married into it. Of his personal life not much is known but from the 1270s he seems to have been Denmark’s leading general and minister of war ("marsk"). During the next years he was apparently a leading man of the opposition against the growing power of King Eric V. He was probably one of the group supporting the introduction of the "haandfæstning" of 1282, reflecting the growing strength of the Danish nobility.
After the regicide of King Eric V in November 1286, Marsk Stig was forced to leave office. He and many other magnates and vassals were outlawed as the men behind the king’s death in spite of their protests. Stig Andersen then settled at the island of Hjelm in Kattegat which he made a pirate’s nest and from which he ravaged the Danish coasts. He also formed a working alliance with the king of Norway. He died on his island without having obtained rehabilitation from the Danish government.
To posterity Stig Andersen assumed still mightier dimensions. He was often regarded the man behind the regicide and already in his own time ballads and sages were flourishing, a tradition continued by romantic poets and writers. According to a very popular version he became a regicide in order to revenge his dishonour because the king had seduced his wife some years before. Later historians in general have regarded him as the victim of a political miscarriage of justice. Some of them look upon him as a kind of a political idealist perhaps even trying to create parliamentarian conditions in Denmark – a theory just as impossible to prove.
Recent excavation on the island of Samsø by archaeologists of the National Museum of Denmark revealed acts of piracy attributed to Marsk Stig. New archaeological findings on Hjelm also show that he had a regular coiner workshop. The pirates were accused of putting counterfeit coins into circulation to cripple the Danish economy.
Litterature and popular culture.
Danish fictive treatments of Marsk Stig include:
The opera "Drot og marsk" (King and Marshal) by composer Peter Heise from 1878 and the play "Marsk Stig" (English: Marshal Sag) by * Carsten Hauch from 1850, also revolves around the subject.

</doc>
<doc id="2926343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926343" title="Hadiya Kingdom">
Hadiya Kingdom

The Hadiya Kingdom (r. 13th century-15th century) was an ancient kingdom once located in southwestern Ethiopia, south of the Abbay River and west of Shewa. It was ruled by the Hadiya people, who spoke the Cushitic Hadiyya language. The historical Hadiya area was situated between Kambaat, Gamo, and Waj, southwest of Shewa. By 1850, Hadiya is placed north-west of lakes Zway and Langano but still between these areas.
It was described in the mid-fourteenth century by the Arab historian Chihab Al-Umari as measuring eight days' journey by nine, which Richard Pankhurst estimates was 160 by 180 kilometers. Although small, Hadiya was fertile with fruit and cereals, rich with horses, and its inhabitants used pieces of iron as currency. It could raise an army of 40,000 cavalry and at least twice as many foot soldiers.
The current Hadiya Zone of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region, is located approximately where this former kingdom was.
History.
The earliest surviving mention of Hadiya is in the "Kebra Nagast" (ch. 94), indicating that it was in existence by the 13th century. Another early mention is in a manuscript written on the island monastery of Lake Hayq, which states that after conquering Damot, Emperor Amda Seyon proceeded to Hadiya and brought it under his control. Later in the reign of this Emperor, the King of Hadiya, Amano, refused to submit to the Emperor, encouraged by a Muslim "prophet of darkness" named Bel'am. Emperor Amda Seyon set forth for Hadiya, where he "slew the inhabitants of the country with the point of the sword", killing many of the inhabitants while enslaving others. Despite such punitive measures, many of the Hadiya people served in the military units of Amda Seyon.
During the reign of Zara Yaqob, the "Garad" or Sultan of Hadiya Mahiko repeated his predecessor's actions and refused to submit to the Emperor. However, with the help of one of Mahiko's followers, the Garad was deposed in favor of his uncle Bamo. Garad Mahiko then sought sanctuary at the court of Adal. He was later slain by the military contingent Adal Mabrak, who had been in hot pursuit. The chronicles record that the Adal Mabrak sent Mahiko's head and limbs to Zara Yaqob as proof of his death.
Many kings of the Ethiopian central government were married to women from Hadiya; the powerful Queen Eleni of Hadiya is one example.

</doc>
<doc id="2926348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926348" title="Manfred Gnädinger">
Manfred Gnädinger

Manfred Gnädinger (Dresden 1940 – Camelle, 28 December 2002) a.k.a. "Man" or "O Alemán" was a German hermit and sculptor who lived in the village of Camelle, on the Costa da Morte, in Galicia (Spain). He lived a very simple and natural life, building sculptures on the beach where he lived and tending to his small garden. In November 2002, when the oil spill of the Prestige destroyed his sculptures and the ecosystem of the area he lived in, it is thought that Man let himself die of melancholy and sadness, thus becoming a symbol of the destruction unleashed by the oil spill.
Hermit and sculptor.
Man arrived in the small village of Camelle in 1962, from Boehringen in the south of Germany. His whereabouts before this period are unknown, although he was described as having been well-dressed and educated when he arrived. It is said that he went mad after falling in love with the teacher of the village and being refused. A few years later, after becoming sensitized to ecological issues, he built himself a small hut on the beach of the village, next to the Atlantic Ocean, and spent the next forty years in this place, where he quickly became a curiosity of the village. Inhabitants referred to him in Galician as "O Alemán" (the German), then just "Man", a name he eagerly accepted for its symbolism. Tall, with a long beard, and dressed only with a loincloth in any weather, he would swim out in the Ocean, even after he was fifty years old. He had no electricity or running water in his hut, and was a strict vegetarian, eating only from the small organic garden he had created.
Man executed colorful sculptures out of stones, driftwood, animal remains and other elements washed up by the sea, which sometimes reminded people of Gaudí's work. Tourists would come to visit the open-air museum he had created where the sculptures integrated into the natural landscape. Man's only source of revenue was a small fee (1€ as of 2002) he would ask from everyone visiting the "Museum of the German". Man would also ask visitors to do drawings for him in small notebooks. Dozens of such notebooks were found after his death with hundreds of drawings.
The Prestige.
On 17 November 2002, the oil tanker Prestige split in half and sank in the Atlantic Ocean, after having had a huge leak in its tanks. A few days later, Man woke up to find his life ruined by an oil spill. Tons of oil had washed up on the beach where he lived. Most of his sculptures were irremediably destroyed and the oil even reached his house. Man was absolutely devastated, his whole life work destroyed before his eyes, and the natural environment where he lived heavily polluted for years to come. A month later, he was found dead in his hut. He had circulatory and respiratory problems, but most local people believe that he died of melancholy and sadness at the sight of the complete and utter destruction of his life by the oil spill. The Camelle authorities organized and paid for his funeral, and hundreds of locals attended.
Thousands of birds and fish died in the aftermath of the oil spill, but Man was the only human victim. His life and his death are remembered as a symbol of the destruction unleashed by the Prestige. His museum, which he donated to the city before his death, could still be visited in Camelle until 9 November 2010, when the remains of his legacy were destroyed by a strong gale.
At the 10th date of death Manfred Gnadinger was finally buried in his museum, as he aked for in his testament.

</doc>
<doc id="2926350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926350" title="Beechview (Pittsburgh)">
Beechview (Pittsburgh)

Beechview is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania's southwestern side. It has a zip code of 15216, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by both the council member for District 4 (South Neighborhoods) and for District 2 (West Neighborhoods). Beechview was founded in 1905 after the introduction of a comprehensive light rail transit system. It is Pittsburgh Fire Bureau Zone 4-10 and houses Engine Company #28. It is located in Zone 6 for Pittsburgh Police. While Beechview took an economic downturn in the late 20th century, its close proximity to downtown Pittsburgh, convenient access to trolley transit, sweeping vistas and an enterprising commitment and exciting new businesses fostered by the influx of more progressive residents are quickly earning Beechview a seat among Pittsburgh's "up and coming" neighborhoods, charming and extremely ripe for trendy development.
Geography.
Despite Beechview's hilly terrain, its streets follow a grid pattern, resulting in some extremely steep roads. This includes Canton Avenue, the steepest street in the world, at a 37% grade. "Our hills define us"!
Surrounding and adjacent neighborhoods.
Banksville, Brookline, Dormont (a neighboring borough), Duquesne Heights, Mt. Washington
Travel.
Beechview is served by the Dawn, Pennant, Westfield, Fallowfield, Hampshire, Belasco, Boustead and Shiras Pittsburgh Light Rail Red Line stations.

</doc>
<doc id="2926353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926353" title="Galatea (Raphael)">
Galatea (Raphael)

The Triumph of Galatea is a fresco masterpiece completed about 1514 by the Italian painter Raphael for the Villa Farnesina in Rome.
The Farnesina was built for the Sienese banker Agostino Chigi, one of the richest men of that age. The Farnese family later acquired and renamed the villa, smaller than the more ostentatious palazzo at the other side of the Tiber. The fresco is a mythological scene of a series embellishing the open gallery of the building, a series never completed which was inspired to the "Stanze per la giostra" of the poet Angelo Poliziano. In Greek mythology, the beautiful Nereid Galatea had fallen in love with the peasant shepherd Acis. Her consort, one-eyed giant Polyphemus, after chancing upon the two lovers together, lobbed an enormous pillar and killed Acis.
Raphael did not paint any of the main events of the story. He chose the scene of the nymph's apotheosis ("Stanze", I, 118-119). Galatea appears surrounded by other sea creatures whose forms are somewhat inspired by Michelangelo, whereas the bright colors and decoration are supposed to be inspired by ancient Roman painting. At the left, a Triton (partly man, partly fish) abducts a sea nymph; behind them, another Triton uses a shell as a trumpet. Galatea rides a shell-chariot drawn by two dolphins.
While some have seen in the model for Galatea the image of the courtesan, Imperia, Agostino Chigi's lover and Raphael's near-contemporary; Giorgio Vasari, wrote that Raphael did not mean for Galatea to resemble any one human person, but to represent ideal beauty. When asked where he had found a model of such beauty, Raphael reportedly said that he had used "a certain idea" he had formed in his mind.

</doc>
<doc id="2926358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926358" title="Beltzhoover (Pittsburgh)">
Beltzhoover (Pittsburgh)

Beltzhoover is a neighborhood in southern Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in an area known as the South Hills.
The area is named for Melchior Beltzhoover who was a farmer there in the early 19th century. The community contains a park called McKinley Park. The neighborhood lies in the 18th ward and is predominantly an African American neighborhood. 
The neighborhood is currently the subject of a revitalization effort by several local organizations, such as the Beltzhoover Concerned Citizens Development Corporation, the Hilltop Housing Initiative, and the Urban Redevelopment Authority.
Surrounding Pittsburgh neighborhoods.
Allentown, Bon Air, Knoxville, Mount Washington

</doc>
<doc id="2926373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926373" title="Donald Charles Cameron (politician)">
Donald Charles Cameron (politician)

Sir Donald Charles Cameron KCMG, DSO, VD (19 November 1879 – 19 November 1960), Australian politician and soldier, was born in Brisbane, the son of a grazier, and educated at private schools. He served with the Australian Army in the Second Boer War, with American forces in China during the Boxer Rebellion, and again with Australian forces during the First World War, finishing the war as a lieutenant colonel. 
In 1919 he won the seat of Brisbane for the Nationalist Party of Australia, holding it until he was defeated by the Australian Labor Party in 1931. In 1934 he won the nearby seat of Lilley, but retired in 1937. In 1932 he was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George.

</doc>
<doc id="2926376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926376" title="Central Lawrenceville">
Central Lawrenceville

Central Lawrenceville is a neighborhood in the northeast of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the United States. It has a zip code of 15201, and has representation on Pittsburgh City Council by the council member for District 7 (North Central East Neighborhoods). It is home to Allegheny Cemetery. Central Lawrenceville is the home of the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire's 6 Engine and 6 Truck.
Surrounding and adjacent neighborhoods.
Bloomfield, Garfield, Lower Lawrenceville, Millvale (via 40th St. Bridge), Upper Lawrenceville, Stanton Heights (all areas except Millvale are Pittsburgh city neighborhoods)

</doc>
<doc id="2926378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926378" title="Constantin Stamati-Ciurea">
Constantin Stamati-Ciurea

Constantin Stamati-Ciurea (4 May 1828 Chişinău – 22 February 1898) was a Romanian writer and translator from Bessarabia. The son of Constantin Stamati, he followed in his father's footsteps as an author of prose, plays, and translations. He served as diplomat at Russia's embassies in Paris, Berlin, and London.
In 1895, the Romanian King Carol I awarded him the medal "bene merenti" for all his work. He published most of his writings first in Russian, because, as he confessed, there was no Romanian printing press in all Russia at that time. Toward his later years, he succeeded in publishing his works in Romanian in Cernauti (in Austria). He was one of the defenders of the Romanian identity of the native population of Bessarabia, as well as an outspoken voice against its exploitation.
"Deci, eu ca român mă uit cu oarecare invidie la aceşti venetici
din lume, ce s-au îmbogăţit atunci, pe când ţăranul nostru stătea
pe loc, în mare mizerie în comparaţie cu dânşii" (C. Stamati-Ciurea, Rasunet din Basarabia, p. 241 Editura Litera, 1998)

</doc>
<doc id="2926379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926379" title="Olite">
Olite

Olite ("Erriberri" in Basque language) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. 
According to Isidore of Seville's ("Historia de regibus Gothorum, Vandalorum et Suevorum"), the town of "Oligicus" was founded by Swinthila, Visigothic King of Hispania (621-631) in order to control and punish the Vascones. However, this town was not heard of again until five centuries later, when the present-day town was founded and chartered. 
The Palacio Real de Olite, a fine Gothic castle-palace, was the royal seat of Charles III of Navarre. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926382" title="Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen">
Anne-Grete Strøm-Erichsen

Anne-Grete Hjelle Strøm-Erichsen (born 21 October 1949 in Bergen) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. She was Minister of Defence from 2012 to 2013.
Education and career outside politics.
Strøm-Erichsen was educated in EDB engineering at Bergen University College in 1974. She then worked with the EDB systems at the University of Bergen until 1984. She was later senior consultant in Siemens Nixdorf from 1988 to 1991 and BDC AS from 1991 to 1995.
Political career.
Strøm-Erichsen was mayor of Bergen from 1999 to 2000 and chaired its city council from 2000 to 2003. Being mayor, she was the president of the Organization of World Heritage Cities from 1999 to 2001. She also chaired the county party chapter from 1997 to 1999, and was a member of the Labour Party central committee from 2002 to 2007.
She was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland in 2005. However, in October 2005 she was appointed Minister of Defence in the Red-Green Coalition government headed by Jens Stoltenberg. Her seat in parliament was taken by Dag Ole Teigen. After the 2009 Norwegian parliamentary election, she was appointed Minister of Health and Care Services until again taking over the Ministry of Defence in 2012.
She did not seek reelection in the Norwegian parliamentary election, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2926384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926384" title="Ollo">
Ollo

Ollo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926388" title="Lanark, Ontario">
Lanark, Ontario

Lanark is an unincorporated community and former village located in the municipality (and incorporated township) of Lanark Highlands, Lanark County, in Eastern Ontario, Canada.
History.
The village was first settled in 1820 by Scottish immigrants who named it after the town of Lanark in Scotland. It soon became a major hub of the lumbering and textile industries, both of which used the Clyde River which runs through the village, as a source of power and as a transportation route to transport logs east to the Ottawa River. 
The textile industry lasted for about 170 years, but was finally defeated by the flood of cheap Asian textiles into North America. Logging still continues in a much reduced manner, producing wood mostly for the pulp industry or for firewood. In 1959 a major fire destroyed many of the main commercial structures and a number of homes in the village's centre. Most buildings were inadequately insured and replacement buildings are highly functional in their design. The village has the Lanark and District Museum featuring exhibits of local history.
Until the late 1990s the major employer in the village was the Glenayr Kitten Mill which produced clothing and offered their products at several factory outlet stores in the village. Several of the buildings are still known by their numbers (e.g. Kitten Factory #1) to local residents. The Clyde Woolen Mills was the founder of these properties.
Sport and recreation.
Lanark has in the past been the location for the Canadian Big League Baseball Championships. This highly regarded baseball tournament features 18 year old players from across the country to play at Clyde Memorial Park.
Demography.
According to the 2001 Statistics Canada Census:
Race Break Up

</doc>
<doc id="2926395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926395" title="Donald James Cameron">
Donald James Cameron

Donald James "Don" Cameron (15 October 1917 – 22 June 1964), Australian politician, was born in Cloncurry, Queensland, and was educated at Catholic schools. He moved to Brisbane where he worked as a chef and catering manager. Active in the Australian Labor Party from an early age, he unexpectedly won the middle-class seat of Lilley at the 1961 election, but was defeated in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="2926401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926401" title="Mattha">
Mattha

Mattha (Marathi: मठ्ठा), also called Chaanch (Hindi: छाछ), (Nepali: Mohi/ मोही), (Marathi: ताक), (Tamil:மோர்),(Bengali:ঘোল),(Oriya:ଘୋଳ ଦହି,ଚଲ୍ହା),(Telugu:మజ్జిగా ) is an Indian spiced beverage made of buttermilk. Plain buttermilk is also called Mattha. Other ingredients may include mint, roasted cumin seeds, asafoetida, curry leaves, salt and sugar. Mattha may also be smoked before serving for flavour. It is generally served before or after a meal, though it can also be consumed with the meal, and it is thought to help with digestion.
History.
It used to be made of yogurt. The liquid that remained after churning butter was drunk as a cure for stomachaches or just as a refreshing drink in hot weather. More recently, it has been made using thinned-out yogurt, as it is used as summer appetiser in hot part of India.

</doc>
<doc id="2926403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926403" title="Ian Chubb">
Ian Chubb

Ian William Chubb, AC (born 17 October 1943) is the Chief Scientist of Australia since 23 May 2011. 
Career.
He was the Vice-Chancellor of the Australian National University from 2001 to 2011, and president of the International Alliance of Research Universities from 2006 to 2009. Chubb has a Masters in Science, a DPhil from the University of Oxford, an honorary doctorate of science from Flinders University and an honorary doctorate of laws from Monash University. He was appointed as an Officer in the general division of the Order of Australia in the Queen's Birthday Honours in 1999. In 2006 he was appointed as a Companion of the Order for service to higher education.
Chubb was Vice Chancellor of Flinders University (1995–2000), Senior Deputy Vice-Chancellor at Monash University (1993–1995) and Deputy Vice Chancellor of the University of Wollongong (1986–1990). He is a former president of the Australian Vice-Chancellors' Committee and chairman of the Group of Eight university lobby group.
In April 2011, Chubb was announced as the Chief Scientist of Australia following the resignation of Penny Sackett from that role. He is member of the board of the Climate Change Authority.
Named ACT Australian of the Year 2011, Chubb was recognised for three decades of service to tertiary education and university governance in Australia, and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="2926412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926412" title="Nicanor">
Nicanor

Nicanor or Nikanor is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2926415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926415" title="Stephen Bywater">
Stephen Bywater

Stephen Michael Bywater, (born 7 June 1981) is an English professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Millwall. He has made appearances for nine clubs, most notably for Derby County, where he made over 150 appearances and won the 2007 Championship play-off Final and for West Ham United, where he spent eight seasons, made over 60 appearances and won the 2005 Championship play-off Final. He is also a former England Under-21 international.
Club career.
West Ham United.
Born in Oldham, Greater Manchester, Bywater attended the Blue Coat School, Oldham as a boy starting his career in August 1997 with Rochdale. His only first team appearance was against Carlisle United in an Autoglass Trophy game which Rochdale lost 6–1. He was brought to West Ham as a 16-year old by Harry Redknapp in February 1998 for £250,000, rising to £1.75 million depending on performances and achievements. He graduated through the youth set-up and featured in West Ham's 1999 winning team along with Joe Cole and Michael Carrick.
He spent the next two seasons learning from former Manchester United, Aston Villa and Coventry City goalkeeper Les Sealey and sitting in the pecking order behind Craig Forrest, Bernard Lama and Shaka Hislop. With first team opportunities limited, Bywater joined Wycombe Wanderers on loan in September 1999, making two appearances, and then went to Hull City on loan in November 1999, making four appearances. A broken leg for Shaka Hislop meant a debut for Bywater at the age of 19 against Bradford City in February 2000, in a game that saw Bradford score four times but which West Ham eventually won 5–4. Bywater also appeared in the final three games of the 1999–00 season, against Arsenal, Sunderland and Leeds United and made a single appearance in the following season against Bradford in February 2001.
Wolves signed Bywater on loan in July 2001 to ease a goalkeeping crisis but he returned to West Ham the following month having not made an appearance for Wolves other than on the bench in the opening game of the season against Portsmouth. His chances to move up the pecking order were limited with the club signing David James in July 2001 and the retention of Shaka Hislop as James was injured on international duty in August 2001, and he did not make a single appearance for West Ham in the 2001–02 season nor in the 2002–03 season. He joined Cardiff City on a one-month loan at the end of March 2002 but made no appearance there.
Eventually, after the club was relegated in 2002–03 and David James moved to Manchester City in January 2004, Bywater became a regular starter in the first-team, making 23 appearances as West Ham reached the First Division play-off final, where they were beaten 1–0 by Crystal Palace. He signed a three-year contract extension in June 2004, saying ""I am very pleased to have signed on for another three years at West Ham. We were very unlucky last year and I am sure that we will start next season with a squad capable of challenging for promotion again. The club have invested a lot in my career and the manager showed great faith in me last season. I am determined to repay everyone at the club by helping the team back into the Premiership.""
He soon had to share the role of the club's primary keeper with Jimmy Walker who was brought in from Walsall in June 2004 to provide competition for Bywater. Bywater made 39 league and cup appearances in the 2004–05 season for West Ham as the club were promoted to the Premiership, and appeared in the play-off final at the Millennium Stadium in May 2005, coming on as a late substitute for the injured Jimmy Walker in the 1–0 victory over Preston North End.
The signing of Roy Carroll in June 2005 and the re-signing of Shaka Hislop on a one-year contract in July 2005 once again limited Bywater's first-team opportunities and he joined Coventry City in August 2005, on loan until the end of the year, where he made 14 appearances. An injury to Carroll however led to Bywater being recalled from Coventry in October 2005. He made a single appearance for West Ham in the remainder of the 2005–06 season, against West Bromwich Albion in November 2005.
Derby County.
Bywater joined Derby County in August 2006 on an initial emergency loan deal for two weeks and signed a permanent three-year deal two weeks later for a fee of £225,000. Before the 2008–09 season, he wore the number 43 shirt at Derby as a tribute to his mentor and former goalkeeping coach Les Sealey, who died at the age of 43 in 2001, saying, ""Les looked after me most of the time. He took me to training every day, coached me and advised me on life. I know he is watching over me and that he wants me to do well, so that was for him."" Bywater made 43 league and cup appearances in the 2006–07 season as Derby reached the Championship play-off final, where they beat West Bromwich Albion 1–0 to secure a place in the Premier League.
In June 2007, Bywater reiterated his desire to play for England and his hopes to be noticed in the 2007–08 season, saying ""I grew up with a few of the lads like Paul Robinson, Rob Green and Chris Kirkland and they are good but I don't think they are anything special. I do believe if I play well and have a good season, I will be up there in contention. I am confident but not cocky."" After a first half of the season that saw Derby County rooted to the foot of the Premier League, Bywater joined Ipswich Town on loan in January 2008 for the rest of the season. Jim Magilton, manager of Ipswich Town, described him as, ""...a young, ambitious keeper who knows what is needed to win promotion from this division."" He made his debut for Ipswich Town against Sheffield Wednesday in February 2008 and made 17 appearances in the remainder of the 2007–08 season as Ipswich finished below the play-off places. Following Derby's relegation at the end of the 2007/08 season, Bywater almost returned to the Premier League with a move to Tottenham Hotspur. However, when the deal fell through, Bywater remained with "The Rams" and, after initially playing as second fiddle to Roy Carroll for the start of the 2008–09 season, Bywater regained and retained his place in the team after Carroll was sent off against Norwich City. His form was good enough that he held the number 1 position for the rest of the season and he signed a new 
3-year contract with Derby on 13 January 2009. He made his 100th appearance for the club away to Blackpool on 8 August 2009, keeping a clean sheet. In December 2009, after keeping two successive clean sheets, manager Nigel Clough praised Bywater's performances in the two games: "Stephen has been exemplary. He is fully fit and approaching the peak of his career. He has a good temperament, which is probably a factor of his age. He works hard in training and, like all goalkeepers, he is a bit daft." An injury sustained away to Reading in March 2010 saw Bywater ruled out for two games which brought to an end a run of 71 consecutive league appearances in the Derby goal. He returned and put in Championship Team of the Week performance as Derby drew 0–0 at Sheffield Wednesday. After Derby secured survival with a 1–1 draw with Crystal Palace, Bywater sat out the last two games of the season to rest a sprained rib joint. He returned to the first team in the 2010–11 season and made his 150th appearance for the club in a 2–0 defeat at Hull City. Bywater played every minute of Derby's opening 11 games of the season, keeping two clean sheets, before a wrist injury sustained in training during the October international break ruled him out for a month. He returned to the first team in November 2011, which coincided with a dreadful run of form which saw Derby drop from 4th to 18th in 3 months. Bywater then sustained an injury in a 1–0 defeat to Hull City on 22 February 2011, ruling him out for several weeks.
On 4 March 2011, Bywater joined Cardiff City on loan until the end of the season. He made his debut the following day in a 2–0 loss to Ipswich Town. Following Cardiff's playoff semi final defeat to Reading, in which a Bywater error cost Cardiff an important goal, Bywater returned to Derby. His future at "The Rams" was cast into serious doubt when he was not given a squad number ahead of the 2011–12 season and this was confirmed when Derby's goalkeeping coach Martin Taylor revealed "He's not in the squad at all. Nothing against Stephen because he's worked really hard but he doesn't figure in our plans. At his age he just needs to play games and get in the shop window." On 31 December 2011, Bywaters's contract was terminated by mutual consent.
Sheffield Wednesday.
On 20 September 2011, Bywater joined Sheffield Wednesday on loan for 3 months due to an injury picked up by first choice 'keeper Nicky Weaver. Bywater's loan spell proved to be very successful, with Wednesday losing just 1 of his 12 games and keeping six clean sheets, moving boss Gary Megson to state his intention to make Bywater's move permanent, with Derby manager Nigel Clough confirming talks with Wednesday over a potential transfer. On 30 December 2011, it was reported that Bywater was to join Wednesday on a permanent transfer when the January transfer window opened. On 31 December 2011, Bywater signed for Wednesday on a permanent transfer, with a contract until the end of the 2011–2012 season, the move went ahead on 1 January 2012. After this permanment move he was initially second choice behind Nicky Weaver before taking over as first choice in a 3–1 win against Scunthorpe United on 24 January 2012, Bywater played in all the remaining games of the season as Wednesday secured promotion to the Championship by finishing runners up in League, narroly beating local rivals Sheffield United.
Bywater then entered contract talks with the club, with a new one-year contract signed on 27 June 2012, upon signing this new contract Bywater praised manager David Jones and called Wednesday "the biggest club out of the Premiership and that is a fact". Bywater's goalkeeping competition for 2012–13 season consisted of Arron Jameson, Chris Kirkland and Nicky Weaver.
Millwall.
In June 2013 Bywater signed a two-year contract with Millwall, becoming manager, Steve Lomas' first signing for the club.
He made his Millwall debut on 6 August 2013 in the first round of the League Cup in a 2-1 home win against AFC Wimbledon. Bywater played in Millwall's next three league games, against Ipswich Town, Huddersfield Town and Sheffield Wednesday and a 2-1 defeat by Nottingham Forest in the second round of the League Cup. Regular goalkeeper, David Forde resumed in the goalkeeper position for Millwall until January 2014. On 18 January 2014 Bywater replaced Forde at half-time in a 1-0 home win against Ipswich Town, a match which saw new Millwall manager, Ian Holloway's first win a manager of the club.
International career.
Bywater made his England U19 debut during 1999 and rotated in the role with both Paul Robinson and Chris Kirkland. He later progressed to the U21 team with the same group of players though by that time both Kirkland and Robinson had become established league players. Injuries had limited his opportunities with both a broken finger and later on a fractured wrist holding up his development and limiting his opportunities. He made six appearances for the U21 team.
Bywater was tipped to be called up for the England squad after Derby's promotion to the Premier League in 2006–07, but he wasn't picked.
Honours.
Club.
West Ham United
Derby County
Sheffield Wednesday
Career statistics.
"Statistics accurate as of matches played 8 May 2012"
Personal life.
Bywater has reiterated on several occasions his intention to move into mixed martial arts and cage fighting when his playing career ends, saying "I have told my agent that one day I am going to take it up! He laughs at me – but I'm serious."
He has also been involved in several controversies. In an October 2007 interview with Clare Tomlinson on Sky Sports' "Goals on Sunday" programme he spelt out the word "cunt" whilst live on air as part of an anecdote, an incident which saw Tomlinson placed on two months leave.
In September 2010, Bywater stirred more controversy in regards of a provocative art installation in the player's garden in Sutton on the Hill, Derbyshire. The installation – a horse box with mattresses and a sex doll strapped to it with graffiti such as "love" and "Dave" sprayed on the side – brought complaints from neighbours, who decried the piece as "very ugly" and an "eyesore". Bywater, who claimed that art was his latest hobby and the installation was his masterpiece, issused a statement via Derby County stating "I would like to apologise to any supporters and local residents in Derbyshire who have been offended. It was and is still my view that my actions were made as a private citizen and in no way linked to Derby County Football Club. However, now it has been brought into the public domain, I acknowledge that this does not reflect well on me as a professional or the Club in general. I apologise again if my actions have in anyway damaged my reputation or the reputation of the Club." He eventually auctioned the piece, announcing the eBay sale via his Twitter page, saying all the proceeds would be donated to the Teen Pride charity.

</doc>
<doc id="2926418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926418" title="Alecu Donici">
Alecu Donici

Alecu (or Alexandru) Donici (January 19, 1806 near Donici, Orhei - January 21, 1865, Iași) was a Moldavian-born Romanian poet and translator.
Biography.
He was the first of four children of Dimitrie Donici and wife Ileana Lambrino. He studied at the Saint Petersburg Military Academy, and became a junior lieutenant in the Russian army. He was of boyar origin. Aleksandr Pushkin lived in the Donici family house during his exile in 1820-1823. After 1828, Donici assumed the duties of a civil servant in Chişinău, but later on he chose to resign and in 1835 settled in Iași, where most of his literary career unfolded. His chief work, a two-volume book of fables titled "Fabule" ("Fables"), was published in Iaşi in 1840; it shows the strong influence of Ivan Krylov.
He translated the works of Aleksandr Pushkin and Antioch Kantemir.

</doc>
<doc id="2926422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926422" title="Olza, Spain">
Olza, Spain

Olza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926428" title="106.4 FM Radio Gold">
106.4 FM Radio Gold

Radio Gold is a radio channel of All India Radio. It is heard in Delhi, Mumbai, Indore, Kolkata, and Chennai. 
The 106.4 FM Radio Gold also started its transmission in other centres of Tamil Nadu like Coimbatore, Tuticorin and more recently, in Puducherry. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926430" title="Runner (band)">
Runner (band)

Runner were a short-lived British rock band, formed in 1978 out of a friendship between Steve Gould of the band Rare Bird and Alan Merrill of the band Arrows.
Steve Gould had been touring with Merrill's live band Arrows after his band Rare Bird broke up in 1976. When the Arrows broke up in 1978 both singers were looking for new projects. They went into the studio to do a rough demo with bass player Mick Feat, who was playing with Van Morrison at the time, and drummer Dave Dowle who was playing with the band Whitesnake.
The demo the foursome did was so good that the band were signed by Island Records immediately. They went to The Manor recording studio in Oxfordshire England and recorded their first and only album with James Guthrie producing.
The "Runner" album made the US Billboard top 100 charts, but due to musical differences the band broke up whilst recording their second album with Alex Sadkin producing.
After the band split, Mick Feat and Steve Gould went on to record with Alvin Lee, Dave Dowle with the Maggie Bell band Nightflyer, and Alan Merrill joined Rick Derringer's band Derringer.
Oddly, the band Runner never toured, in spite of their making the American charts.

</doc>
<doc id="2926433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926433" title="The Graham Kennedy Show">
The Graham Kennedy Show

The Graham Kennedy Show was an Australian talk show which debuted on 19 September 1972 on the Nine Network.
On 23 December 1969, host Graham Kennedy quit as host of "In Melbourne Tonight" due to exhaustion and rested for two years. In spite of his fame and fortune, he later described that period as "years of misery". After a special on 2 March 1972, he returned with this series.
Kennedy sparked controversy after a "crow-call", which sounded like the word "fuck", was broadcast in March 1975 (see below). Forced to prerecord from that point on, he abruptly departed following GTV-9's censorship of the 16 April 1975 edition.
Crow call incident.
On the show of 5 March 1975, Kennedy imitated a crow, saying "faaaaaaark", during a live read of a Cedel hairspray advertisement by announcer Rosemary Margan. The Nine Network reportedly received hundreds of complaints, followed by a rash of newspaper headlines the next day. Angry Nine executives reported the incident to the Australian Broadcasting Tribunal's Broadcasting Control Board. Kennedy was banned from performing live on TV for an indefinite period of time and was forced to prerecord the show on videotape. Some have claimed that Kennedy deliberately engineered the crow call incident so that the show would have to be prerecorded, allowing him to get home earlier, while others suggest that he did it so that Nine would sack him. 
In 2002, in "The Age" newspaper, writer Jonathan Green reported that the crow call segment was in fact pretaped and that the controversy was probably just a pretext for other issues. Rival Nine personality Ernie Sigley, who presented his own variety show on different nights to Kennedy, has claimed the real reason Kennedy was axed was that his ratings were so poor compared to Sigley's. 
According to "Age" reporter Suzanne Carbone, the first known use of the expletive on Australian TV was in the 1960s, when Nine Adelaide evening news presenter Kevin Crease said "fucking hell" during a mishap in a live advertisement on variety show "Adelaide Tonight". Crease told "The Age" that "The audience fell off their chairs laughing" and that he was amazed no complaints were received and that although he feared he would be sacked, nothing happened.
Criticism of Doug McClelland.
Having been forced to tape his shows "indefinitely" by the Australian Broadcasting Tribunal, the network took advantage of the pretaping to completely edit out Kennedy's scathing attack on Senator Doug McClelland, the then Minister for the Media, for his failure to support local content regulations for TV on the 16 April 1975 edition.
According to Kennedy's biographer, Graeme Blundell, Kennedy resigned from Nine after this controversy, just six weeks after the "crow call" incident.
Kennedy's words which never made it to air were:
The segment was edited out before the show went to air and Kennedy resigned in anger.
Australian content on TV was a highly sensitive issue at this time. In the wake of the controversial McLean Report, the Whitlam government was taking major steps to open up the radio spectrum with the introduction of community broadcasting and the ABC's new rock station, Triple J (launched as "Double Jay"), but it had done nothing to address the low levels of local content on Australian TV. 
Aware of the media's crucial role in its own election in 1972, and understandably fearful of a backlash if it forced unpopular content quotas on the industry, the government steered well clear of any serious re-examination of the current structure and did little to increase levels of Australian content on TV.
The proposal to increase local content had long been advocated local producers, writers and actors, but it was bitterly opposed by the networks, who relied on being able to buy large blocks of American programming at a fraction of what it would have cost to produce similar shows locally. The problem was compounded by the Whitlam government's far-reaching 1973 decision to reduce tariffs across the board by 25% in the first move towards today's highly successful "free trade" policies. The immediate result of the tariff reduction was that overseas programming became even cheaper. Also at this time, the networks were being targeted by the "TV - Make It Australian" campaign, which involved a number of prominent Australian actors and TV personalities including Kennedy and several leading actors from the popular police shows made by Crawford Productions, notably Gerard Kennedy and Charles "Bud" Tingwell. The cancellation of all three major Crawford Productions police shows within months of each other during 1975 has been portrayed by Tingwell and others as an act of revenge by the networks for Crawford's active support for the campaign and the participation of its contract players. Following this logic, Blundell suggests that Kennedy too was a victim of the Nine TV network's sensitivity about the local content issue. It has also been suggested that, with a federal election looming, Nine used the crow call incident as a pretext to remove the politically vocal Kennedy, who was known to support the ALP.
Home media.
Four episodes of "The Graham Kennedy Show" were released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in May 2013. The episodes include rare uncut footage.

</doc>
<doc id="2926436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926436" title="Oláibar">
Oláibar

Oláibar is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926439" title="Donald Milner Cameron">
Donald Milner Cameron

Donald Milner Cameron, AM (born 6 February 1940), is an Australian politician. He was born in Brisbane, and educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School and the University of Queensland. 
He became a junior corporate executive and then industrial officer for the Australian Association of Employers of Waterside Labour. This led him naturally into the Liberal Party of Australia, and in 1966, aged 26, he won the marginal seat of Griffith in inner Brisbane, and held it against determined challenges from the Australian Labor Party until 1977, when he shifted to the safer seat of Fadden. 
In the big swing to Labor at the 1983 election Cameron was defeated, but he was re-elected shortly after at a by-election for the seat of Moreton, which he held until 1990, when he was again defeated.

</doc>
<doc id="2926440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926440" title="Jerome Ropati">
Jerome Ropati

Jerome Ropati (born 23 November 1984 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a former professional rugby league footballer for the New Zealand Warriors of the National Rugby League. Ropati was a member of the World Cup-winning New Zealand team in 2008. His position of choice is at Centre but can also play Fullback and Five-Eighth. Ropati recently signed a one-year contract with his current club the New Zealand warriors until the end of 2013, which will see him become the second longest serving player of the club with eleven seasons.
Early years.
Ropati is of Samoan descent and was educated at St Paul's College, a school noted for its rugby league teams. His junior club was the Marist Saints and he also played for the Marist Richmond Brothers in the Bartercard Cup. It was his 2003 season in the Bartercard Cup that shot him to prominence, as he enjoyed a stellar season and led the club to the grand final. Ironically he missed the grand final, which the Brothers lost, because he was making his NRL debut for the Warriors.
He is no relation to the famous Ropati rugby league family.
Warriors.
He made his first grade debut for the Warriors in Round 25 of the 2003 season against the Sydney Roosters. Since then he has played games at Fullback, Wing and Centre, as well as his preferred position of Five Eighth. When not selected for the first grade side he has represented the Auckland Lions in both the Bartercard Cup and NSWRL Premier League. He was one of four players who played in every game for the Warriors in 2007. Currently he is viewed as a centre option and has a strong partnership with winger Manu Vatuvei.
In 2009 he extended his Warriors career until to 2012 season, meaning that he will spend over ten years of his career at the Warriors. His 2011 season was ruined by injury as he tore his ACL in Round 3. He therefore had to watch his side play in the 2011 NRL grand final from the sideline.
International.
In 2002 Ropati was named captain of the Junior Kiwis squad which played two games against touring Australian sides.
He made his debut for the New Zealand Kiwis in 2005 against Australia and was involved in the 2006 Tri Nations.
He was a member of the 2008 World Cup winning Kiwis team, that defeated Australia in the Final. He scored a try in the World Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="2926443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926443" title="Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)">
Oak Hill Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)

Oak Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C., in the United States. It was founded in 1848 and completed in 1853, and is a prime example of a garden cemetery. A large number of famous politicians, business people, military people, diplomats, and philanthropists are buried at Oak Hill, and the cemetery has a number of Victorian-style memorials and monuments. Oak Hill has two structures which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Oak Hill Cemetery Chapel and the Van Ness Mausoleum.
Oak Hill began in 1848 as part of the rural cemetery movement, directly inspired by the success of Mount Auburn Cemetery, when William Wilson Corcoran (also founder of the Corcoran Gallery of Art) purchased of land. He then organized the Cemetery Company to oversee Oak Hill; it was incorporated by act of Congress on March 3, 1849.
Oak Hill's chapel was built in 1849 by noted architect James Renwick, who also designed the Smithsonian Institution's Castle on Washington Mall and St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York. His one story rectangular chapel measures 23 by 41 feet (7×12 m) and sits on the cemetery's highest ridge. It is built of black granite, in Gothic Revival style, with exterior trim in the same red Seneca sandstone used for the Castle.
By 1851, landscape designer Captain George F. de la Roche finished laying out the winding paths and terraces descending into Rock Creek valley. When initial construction was completed in 1853, Corcoran had spent over $55,000 on the cemetery's landscaping and architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="2926448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926448" title="Stockholm Network">
Stockholm Network

The Stockholm Network is a pan-European think tank and network located in London. In addition to its own policy research, it is an umbrella organisation for market-oriented think tanks in Europe. It has over 130 member organisations.
Aims.
The organisation was founded in 1997 by Helen Disney in response to the growth in market-oriented think tanks across Europe, with the aim of providing a forum for sharing, exchanging, and developing pan-European public policy research. Interested in ideas which stimulate economic growth and help people to help themselves, it promotes and raises awareness of policies which create the social and economic conditions for a free society. Its stated goals include:
Presentation.
The Stockholm Network was founded in 1997 by Helen Disney, a former journalist and deputy director of the Social Market Foundation. It began with a small group of like-minded think tanks after planning meetings in London and Stockholm. It initially had staff of three people including Sacha Kumaria and Nicole Gray Conchar, who had previously worked as a fundraiser for numerous think tanks including the Cato Institute and the International Policy Network (IPN). 
In 2008 four think tanks, out of a membership of over 130, chose to leave the voluntary membership of the Network. They are the Institute of Economic Affairs the International Policy Network, the Hayek Institut and the Venezie Institute. In 2009 The Adam Smith Institute, also left and membership was withdrawn from the Libertarian Alliance and Nurses for Reform. New members include the Ohrid Institute in Macedonia, the Murray Rothbard Institute in Belgium, and Innoval in Germany.
The Stockholm Network has made efforts to be transparent regarding the sources of its funding, and has advocated that other think tanks should also list their funders on their websites. This would make accusations of potential conflicts of interest, or lobbying, which can be impossible to either corroborate or refute (given their often unattributed and/or unverified nature) less likely.
The Stockholm Network acts as a broad church of market-oriented think tanks with a variety of viewpoints—some of whom disagree on policy issues. The Stockholm Network has not attempted to deflect or ignore criticism of its activities, such as the recent debate over its Carbon Scenarios project, but has openly acknowledged it and sees this intellectual debate as an important part of the work of a think tank.
Programmes.
Currently, the Stockholm Network has three programmes: The Health and Welfare Programme, the Intellectual Property and Competition Programme and the Energy and Environment Programme. Each was developed in order to further the objective of the Network in searching for practical market-oriented solutions to the endemic problems Europeans face today. 
The Stockholm Network Intellectual Property & Competition Programme was established in January 2005 and aims to achieve four key objectives:
The Stockholm Network Energy and Environment Programme was created in early 2005 in order to promote a practical market-oriented approach to environmental problems. Environmental problems are critical issues for the general public and for policy makers alike. The Stockholm Network work in this programme recognises the importance of environmental policies in safeguarding future prosperity and endeavours to produce practical solutions—solutions that recognise economic realitie— to environmental policy dilemmas. 
The Stockholm Network's Health and Welfare Programme was established at the end of 2005. The programme has the following key aims and objectives:
Criticism.
Some anti-globalisation groups have criticised the SN for receiving corporate funding or being a "corporate-funded campaigning group".
More recently, similar criticisms have also been voiced:
Alex Singleton ("Daily Telegraph"/Globalisation Institute):
"It Stockholm Network called on the government 'to formulate a cohesive and creative industrial policy to reverse the current trend of decline and international displacement in pharmaceutical manufacturing,' even though free marketeers normally campaign against the whole concept of having industrial policies, believing that decisions about what to invest in should be left to the market."
Johan Norberg (Cato Institute/ex-Timbro):
"Alex Singleton reveals that the free-market group Stockholm Network demands more government funding and subsidised energy prices for the pharmaceutical industry, so that they can cope with the financial crisis. What´s next? Will free-marketeers demand nationalisation of the drug companies in return for preferred shares?"
Stockholm Network Director, Helen Disney, responded as follows:
"The Stockholm Network is not calling, and never would call, for a 'bail out' of the UK pharmaceutical industry. These words are not used anywhere in the paper being cited."
"The report is far from being in favour of state intervention. In fact, the authors argue for reducing corporation tax, simplifying tax rules and reducing legislation and regulation. The reference to industrial policy concerns ideas for making the UK economy more competitive in global markets."

</doc>
<doc id="2926449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926449" title="Poigny">
Poigny

Poigny is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
Its inhabitants are called "Pognissiens".

</doc>
<doc id="2926450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926450" title="James Guthrie (record producer)">
James Guthrie (record producer)

James K.A. Guthrie (born 14 November 1953 in Edmonton, Middlesex) is an English recording engineer and record producer best known for his work with the progressive rock band Pink Floyd, serving as a producer and engineer for the band since 1978. He is the owner and operator of "das boot recording" in Lake Tahoe, California.
Early years.
Guthrie began his career on 1 October 1973 at Mayfair Studios (in the previous location of 64 South Molton Street) in London, as a trainee tape operator and later assistant engineer, initially trained by studio owner John Hudson. A year later he moved to Audio International studios, working under Richard Millard. One of his earliest credits is as an assistant engineer on the first two albums by glam rock singer Alvin Stardust. During this time he first worked with Greg Walsh (who would later go on to produce Heaven 17 and Tina Turner among others), whom Guthrie asked to join his FOH production team for the live performances of Pink Floyd's "The Wall" in 1980 and 1981. By 1976 Guthrie was employed as one of the engineering team at Utopia Studios which also included John Mackswith and Ian Cooper. During his tenure he worked as the engineer on The Bay City Rollers' "Wouldn't You Like It?" release (produced by studio owner Phil Wainman), and for producer Barry Blue on "Breakout" by The Dead End Kids as well as the first two albums for London-based R&B band Heatwave "(Too Hot To Handle" and "Central Heating"), which would yield the hit singles "Boogie Nights", "Always and Forever" and "The Groove Line". Utopia was also where he first worked with Andy Jackson (Jackson apprenticed as an assistant engineer under Guthrie's supervision), whom Guthrie later introduced to Pink Floyd and was hired as the band's primary engineer (a position Jackson still holds, as the Senior Mastering Engineer for David Gilmour's studio "Astoria" UK). In addition, Guthrie is also credited with suggesting Jon Carin as a keyboard player for Roger Waters' touring band (making Carin one of a select group of people to have played with both Waters and Gilmour, and an incarnation of Pink Floyd), and arranged for Kashmir lead vocalist and guitarist Kasper Eistrup to audition for the same tour (as documented in the film "Rocket Brothers"), as well as introducing vocalist Rachel Brennock (his then-girlfriend, who used the stage name Rachel Fury) to Pink Floyd, she joined the touring band from 1987 to 1989.
Guthrie later worked at other London-area studios such as The Manor, Advision, and Britannia Row. His initial producer credits would be for singer-songwriter Arlen Greene (co-producing the song "The Jazz Pianist" in 1976) and Fury (their only known single "Miss Demeanor/Stay On Your Feet" in 1977). Guthrie's connection with GTO Records landed him engineering and production duties on the second and third albums for The Movies ("Double A" and "Bullets Through The Barrier"); followed by work with Runner (producing their only release, which made the Billboard Top 100). After producing the Judas Priest track "Better By You, Better Than Me" for the album "Stained Class", he was selected to produce their follow-up album "Hell Bent For Leather" (aka "Killing Machine").
By 1980, Guthrie's body of work in regards to engineering, mixing, and production would include a total of six hit singles on both the British and American charts: the first three singles from Heatwave, Marshall Hain's "Dancing in the City", Pink Floyd's "Another Brick in the Wall (Part II)" and The Pointer Sisters' "He's So Shy".
Pink Floyd.
In mid-1978, Guthrie received a request from Pink Floyd's manager, Steve O'Rourke, to meet with him regarding potential production projects. First was a pitch to produce singer/songwriter Tom Robinson (and the end result was his production of "Our People", the b-side of the "Bully For You" single in 1979). The other was for Pink Floyd, about to embark on their new project, a concept album which was eventually titled "The Wall". Based on his previous production credits and after meeting with Guthrie, Roger Waters believed he would be a good fit. Guthrie accepted the assignment with the request that he would be allowed to engineer the record himself. 
Guthrie was the only member of the production team to be awarded by NARAS for his contributions, receiving the 1980 Grammy award for Best Engineered Recording, Non-Classical.
A case can be made for Guthrie's involvement as an important element of the timeless sound Pink Floyd was able to achieve with "The Wall". David Gilmour stated in a March 2000 interview with "Record Collector", regarding the contributors, "Another crucial figure is James Guthrie. The album's wonderfully clear and punchy, and very modern-sounding." Nick Mason also acknowledged Guthrie's contribution specifically in regards to the drum sound in an interview with TapeOp magazine: "James Guthrie was great on "The Wall" - I thought he did a great job."
Guthrie's initial involvement with Pink Floyd was to last nearly five years; in addition to engineering and co-production duties on "The Wall", he also served as the Sound Mixer (supervising the Front of House engineering team) on most of the performances of "The Wall" live as well as actual recording of some of the performances (he would later provide the mix and production for the release "Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980–81"), as well as Sound Coordinator on the film adaptation Pink Floyd—The Wall (he would engineer the music for film as well as produce it in collaboration with Waters and Gilmour). Guthrie received a British Academy of Film and Television Arts award for Best Film Sound in 1982 for his work on the film, (along with sound editor Eddy Joseph, production mixer Clive Winter, and dubbing mixers Graham Hartstone and Nicholas Le Messurier). He was then asked to co-produce (along with Michael Kamen) "The Final Cut", the last release of Waters-era Pink Floyd. According to Andy Jackson, who served as engineer for the recording along with Guthrie, the use of the name "Max" in the songs "The Gunner's Dream" and "Paranoid Eyes" is an appropriation of Guthrie's nickname (the members of the production team - Guthrie, Jackson and Kamen - each had nicknames), which Waters had originally included as a joke, but decided that it suited the overall concept and created an actual character in the narrative with the name.
Guthrie appears in at least three documentaries about Pink Floyd: in "The Lost Documentary" (filmed in August 1980 and never officially released but was made available in 2004), he is interviewed and receives an onscreen credit as "Sound Mixer". In "The Other Side of The Wall" (chronicling the making of "Pink Floyd The Wall") he appears onscreen during a sequence depicting recording of additional music for the film but is neither credited nor interviewed; and in "Retrospective: Looking Back at The Wall" (included on the DVD release of "Pink Floyd—The Wall") he is interviewed and receives an onscreen credit as "Music Producer" in the second half of the documentary. Guthrie also appears in the "Editing and Music" featurette for the DVD release of "The Last Mimzy", in a sequence which depicts recording for the Waters song "Hello (I Love You)" but is neither interviewed nor credited; as well as the music video produced for the song. He was also interviewed (without onscreen credit) for the electronic press kit used to promote the release of "Pulse" in 1995. A little-known feature of the Waters DVD release "In the Flesh" is when the viewer selects the option for "A/V Setup" the menu screen shows a looping film of Guthrie (as well as his assistant Joel Plante) at the recording console inside Le Mobile Remote Recording Studio, used to record the audio for the CD and DVD releases.
Post-"Wall" era.
In 1986 Guthrie emigrated to the United States, first residing in Los Angeles where he and his business manager/partner Larry Belling owned and operated Slippery Studios, a recording facility specifically geared towards sessions for film. Guthrie eventually settled in Lake Tahoe, California where he designed his own home-based studio, "das boot recording" (named in tribute to Guthrie's love of WWII-era American submarines). Guthrie and his assistant engineer, Joel Plante, supervise every remastering of the Pink Floyd back catalog, as well as mixing and mastering of various works (some for 5.1 Surround Sound), including Pink Floyd-related releases.
In the 1980s, Guthrie would produce a number of other releases, including Heatwave’s fourth album "Candles" (co-produced with lead singer Johnnie Wilder, Jr.), Queensrÿche's major-label debut "The Warning", Ambrosia's concept album "Road Island" (the final release of the David Pack era), and three tracks on The Boomtown Rats' "In the Long Grass". He would also work as an engineer on various releases, such as Kate Bush's "Hounds of Love" (the orchestral session used for the track "Cloudbusting") and The Dream Academy's "Remembrance Days"; as well as contributing miscellaneous music and sound design for films such as "Lethal Weapon", "The Dead Zone" and "Lifeforce". Guthrie has also produced tracks for Toto and Danish rock band Kashmir, among other artists. Guthrie would also become the engineer who has mixed the most releases utilizing QSound technology, nine in all.
Guthrie's primary responsibility was (as it is to this day) to serve as one of the final authorities on the audio quality of Pink Floyd and Floyd-related releases. He has mixed and/or mastered nearly every Pink Floyd and Floyd-related release since 1978, and could be considered to be Pink Floyd's archival engineer. Others have referred to him similarly, such as mastering engineer Doug Sax ("He has also been the Floyd's quality control man ever since "The Wall".") and musician/Pink Floyd associate Jon Carin ("He is the keeper of the audio flame.") In 2002, Guthrie was selected by the band to engineer the 30th Anniversary reissue of "The Dark Side of the Moon" in the SACD format, providing the mix and mastering for 5.1 Surround Sound. The final product was the biggest-selling Surround Sound release of 2003, the winner of three 2003 Surround Music awards, and received overwhelming praise from the technical press, including Jerry Del Colliano of Audio Video Revolution ("If you were to own only one SACD, "Dark Side of the Moon" is it.") and this summation from Matt Rowe of "The Digital Bits": "The way I see it, James Guthrie should be asked to do every 5.1 SACD project from here on out. For every band."
In recent years, Guthrie has worked on a number of projects, including an eponymous-named remix of the Blink-182 song "I Miss You", mastered releases for Kate Bush and Gilmour, as well as co-produced the track "Hello (I Love You)" for Waters (which appears on the soundtrack for the film "The Last Mimzy") and performed the remastering of the 1984 Gilmour release "About Face" and the 40th Anniversary reissue of Pink Floyd’s debut release "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn". Guthrie was also part of the Pink Floyd crew for the band's reunion performance at Live 8, assisting with the live video feed mix for television broadcast; and subsequently provided the live mix for Waters' appearance at Live Earth.
In 2011 Guthrie contributed to two major reissue projects for Kate Bush and Pink Floyd. On Bush's release "Director's Cut" he performed the mix of the revision of "The Song of Solomon" as well as the mastering of the album in collaboration with Doug Sax and Sangwook "Sunny" Naam of The Mastering Lab. The trio also performed a remastering of "The Red Shoes" from the original analogue back-up copies of the master recording. For the Pink Floyd reissue campaign entitled "Why Pink Floyd...?" the entire back catalog of the band has been remastered by Guthrie for release in a variety of deluxe editions and box sets. In conjunction with the campaign was the release of his 5.1 mix and mastering of "Wish You Were Here" for SACD by independent audiophile distributor Acoustic Sounds. 2012 would see Guthrie returning to producing with "The Dreamer's Machine", the debut album by singer-songwriter James Carrington, which he co-produced and mixed.
In 2014 Guthrie was invited to be the Guest of Honor for Princeton University's "Pink Floyd: Sight, Sound and Structure" academic conference - which took place April 10th-14th - sponsoring a 5.1 demonstration of "The Dark Side of the Moon" and "Wish You Were Here" albums and the world premiere of the Surround Sound mix of Roger Waters' 1992 release "Amused to Death", as well as delivering a keynote speech on his work with Pink Floyd in addition to his insights regarding the roles of production and engineering in recorded music.
Bibliography.
Books
Articles

</doc>
<doc id="2926452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926452" title="The Brilliant Corners">
The Brilliant Corners

The Brilliant Corners were a British indie pop band from Bristol, England and recorded throughout the 1980s and into the early 1990s. The group formed in 1983, taking their name from a Thelonious Monk jazz album. The line-up included David Woodward (b. Avonmouth, Bristol, England; vocals, guitar), Chris Galvin (1959 – 22 December 1998; bass), Winston Forbes (lead guitar, percussion, backing vocals), Bob Morris (drums) and Dan (occasional trumpet and keyboards). A later addition was Phil Elvins on guitar.
The band's first releases were an early example of indie pop, with three singles being released in 1984 on their own SS20 label. Debut (mini-)album "Growing Up Absurd" appeared the following year. With 1986 seeing an explosion of indie pop groups, their May "Fruit Machine" EP saw them gain both attention and radio airplay, followed by a second mini-album, "What's In A Word". "Brian Rix", a re-recorded version of a track from the LP, with added trumpet, and a tribute to Rix, the "king of farce", was issued as a single, the proceeds going to Mencap, the charity of which Rix was chairman. The video, featuring Woodward running Rix-like around a couch with his trousers around his ankles, was shown on "The Tube", further raising the band's profile.
In March 1988, the band set up another label, McQueen - and released third album "Somebody Up There Likes Me", followed by a collection of their sought-after early singles, "Everything I Ever Wanted". Two more albums followed in 1989 ("Joyride") and 1990 ("Hooked"), followed by a second compilation, 1991's "Creamy Stuff". They released one last effort, 1993's "A History Of White Trash", before splitting up.
Woodward and Galvin formed the Experimental Pop Band in 1995. Galvin died from cancer in 1998.
Discography.
Chart placings shown are from the UK Indie Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2926460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926460" title="Lepanthes">
Lepanthes

Lepanthes (from Greek "scaled-flower") is a large genus of orchids with about 800–1000 species, distributed in the Antilles and from Mexico through Bolivia (with very few species in Brazil). The genus is abbreviated in horticultural trade as Lths. Almost all the species in the genus are small and live in cloud forests.

</doc>
<doc id="2926463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926463" title="Donald Newton Cameron">
Donald Newton Cameron

Donald Newton "Don" Cameron (13 January 1915 – 5 June 1998), Australian politician, was born in Murray Bridge, South Australia, and was educated at Gawler. Like his brother Clyde Cameron, he became a shearer and an official of the Australian Workers' Union, and was also active in the Australian Labor Party. From 1965 to 1969 he was South Australian state secretary of the AWU and a member of the Labor State Executive. He was elected to the Australian Senate in 1969 and served until his retirement in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="2926466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926466" title="Lough Ree Yacht Club">
Lough Ree Yacht Club

Lough Ree Yacht Club is a sailing club based in Ballglass, Coosan, near Athlone, Ireland. Founded in 1770, albeit under a different original name, it claims to be one of the oldest yacht clubs in the world, although another Irish yacht club, The Royal Cork Yacht Club has proven to be the world's first and oldest yacht club. In any event it is probably the oldest club based on an inland lake.
History.
The tradition of organized pleasure boating in Athlone goes back to at least 1731, with a regatta on the River Shannon amongst the 'diversions' promised for a festival week in the town. Athlone is founded on the River Shannon, just south of Lough Ree, the second largest of Ireland's big lakes.
Early activities appear to have involved a rendezvous at some agreed place and a cruise in company in the manner of a naval flotilla but racing eventually developed. From these incidental activities an organization in the form of a club was established. Originally it was known as Athlone Yacht Club and was renamed Lough Ree Yacht Club in 1895, probably because by this time most its members sailed out of a small, sheltered bay at Ballyglass, on Lough Ree itself; Ballyglass is recorded as the venue of the Annual Regatta as early as 1836.
The Club Members have since, the early twentieth century, owned their own premises. In July 2006, new, larger premises were officially opened, as the second substantial expansion of the clubhouse premises. Yet the original building built in the early twentieth century is now a "building-within-a-building", in that it now functions as the office housed entirely within the clubhouse proper. Jetty space was substantially expanded with the addition of floating jetties with full facilities (power and water), and a new 2-level boathouse was constructed a year later.
In 2012, the Club completed the acquisition of 3 acres of adjacent lands, which will enable further expansion of the Club's facilities to meet the needs of its burgeoning membership.
Longevity.
Although the record of pleasure sailing on the waters around Athlone goes back to 1731, organized club sailing did not commence before 1770. And notwithstanding the change in name and premises during subsequent years, Lough Ree Yacht Club is said to be the second or third oldest club in the world. Ultimately this claim relies upon the Club's own assertions on its origins. On the other hand, it has never been publicly challenged.
Whether the Club is second or third oldest in the world depends upon whether an organization described as the Flotilla of the Neva, St Petersburg, Russia, is a Yacht Club by modern or historical standards. It has been claimed that the Flotilla was established in 1718. However there is little presence of the club on the World Wide Web, and one visitor in September 2005 described it as "not quite a yacht club" [http://www.sailingproshop.com/ubb/Forum28/HTML/001389.html]. Although all old yacht clubs could be described thus at some point during their histories, not for their entire duration. 
Accordingly, Lough Ree Yacht Club is arguably the second oldest yacht club in the world. The eldest, as it happens is also Irish, the Royal Cork Yacht Club.
Watercraft.
The Club is closely, but not exclusively, associated with the Shannon-One-Design (SOD), a single-sail class of open clinker built boat designed for a crew of two. Subsequently it was considered desirable to bring a third person along, and this has now become the class rule. The SOD was modelled on a traditional 18'-0" lake boat. The SOD was designed by Morgan Giles of Teignmouth. It was introduced to the Club in 1922 in response to a growing demand for a one-design competitive and less expensive dinghy. Over a hundred and forty have now been built for the Shannon Lakes, almost all by the master craftsmen such as Walter Levinge, Peter Quigley, and Jimmy Furey of Lough Ree. Some of the original fleet still continues to race. Sail numbers started at No. 32.
The largest and most significant event run by the club annually is a week long event commencing on the August Bank Holiday.
Other than SOD's, the Club is made up of a growing number of barge owners, as well as a large mixed cruiser class and a junior section, both of which are very active. Junior sailing was introduced in 1968, and today instructs beginners with a fleet of Optimist, Laser, Mirror and Laser Pico dinghies.

</doc>
<doc id="2926469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926469" title="Lloyd Sam">
Lloyd Sam

Lloyd Ekow Sam (born 27 September 1984 in Leeds) is a professional English footballer of Ghanaian heritage, who plays in midfield as a winger who is comfortable playing on either side of the pitch. He plays for the New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer. As a child, he spent some of his childhood living in Senegal, prior to moving to England. He was called up to the Ghana national football team during the 2009–10 season, but had to pull out of the squad due to injury.
Club career.
In 1998, Sam was asked to attend a trial at Italian side Empoli, with his older brother Andrew. However, neither was successful. When Sam's family returned to London in 1998, he was offered trials at both Wimbledon and Arsenal, but instead re-joined Charlton on Academy terms, after an Arsenal scout asked Micky Beard at Charlton to have a look at him
Charlton Athletic.
Sam became a professional in 2003, at the age of 18. His first involvement in a Charlton squad came after the Charlton youth team beat Leeds United. His and Osei Sankofa's impressive form for the youth side resulted in a call up to the first team squad against Arsenal, but it was two years before he made his debut for Charlton against Crystal Palace on the final day of the 2004–05 season. Before this, he spent time on loan with Leyton Orient in the Third Division. He later had loan spells with Sheffield Wednesday and Southend United in the Championship.
After Charlton were relegated from the Premier League following the 2007–08 season, Sam received an opportunity to break into Charlton's first-team. He was assigned the number 18 shirt. He started the season well, scoring his first ever goals against Stockport County in the League cup and Coventry City but was sent-off in October 2007 following a clash with Ian Ashbee of Hull City. Sam and Charlton narrowly missed out on promotion back to the Premier League, after poor end of season form saw them drop out of the play-off positions to 11th place.
Sam suffered relegation with Charlton from The Championship to League One during the 2008-09 season. This was his second relegation with Charlton, having played a minor part in the squad that was relegated from the Premier League in 2006-07.
He narrowly missed out on promotion the following season, when Charlton reached the League One playoff semi-finals, but ended up losing against Swindon Town.
Sam was not offered a new contract by Charlton after they failed to gain an immediate return to the Championship, as they could not afford his wages, which had been set during their final Premier League season in 2006-07 under Iain Dowie.
Leeds United.
Sam signed a two-year deal with his hometown club Leeds United on 9 July 2010 on a free transfer from Charlton Athletic. Leeds had finished the 2009–10 season two points ahead of Charlton, and had gained automatic promotion from League One, as runners up. The contract came with an option to extend it further than the initial two years. He made his Leeds debut in the first game of the season against Derby County on 7 August 2010 which ended in a 2–1 defeat, with Sam conceding a penalty on his debut after fouling Tomasz Cywka.
Sam scored his first goal for Leeds in his second appearance, the goal came in the League Cup against Lincoln City. He scored his first league goal in the following match against Nottingham Forest, he also received the man of the match award for his performance. On 21 August 2010 he struck his second league goal and his third goal in all competitions for his new club against Millwall, cancelling out Richard Naylor's early own goal.
After being an everpresent for Leeds, Sam sustained a minor foot injury, was dropped for the game against Swansea City on 11 September and replaced in the starting lineup by Max Gradel. Sam came on in the same game as a second half substitute for Sanchez Watt. Sam came back into the starting lineup for the following game against Barnsley. After being an unused substitute vs Doncaster, Sam returned to the starting lineup against Sheffield United. However, Sam suffered an ankle injury and was ruled out of a few games for Leeds. Sam returned to a Leeds squad when he was named on the bench against Coventry City. Sam made his playing return as a second-half substitute against Hull City. Sam came on as a second-half substitute against Bristol City, had an impressive impact and helped assist one of Luciano Becchio's goals after David James parried Sam's shot. Sam again made an impressive impact as a substitute against Crystal Palace helping Leeds earn a 2-1 win. Sam came on as a substitute against Cardiff City, but picked up a thigh injury 6 minutes after coming on and had to be substituted himself. Sam was involved in some controversy against Hull City, when he accidentally collided with Liam Rosenior who suffered a neck injury. Hull manager Nigel Pearson called Sam a coward, but Sam claimed the incident was accidental. Rosenior also accepted Sam's apology. After a positive start for Leeds, Sam season was disrupted after picking up various injuries during the course of the season, which ruled him out for large periods.
After an injury hit 2010–11 season, Sam revealed he had been doing extra work in the gym over the summer period to help strengthen his leg. After providing several assists in the pre season matches, Sam topped off a fine pre-season with a goal against Newcastle United. Sam came on as a substitute for Leeds the opening day of the season as they suffered a 3–1 defeat against Southampton. He made his first start of the season in Leeds' 3–2 win over rivals Bradford City in the League Cup. Sam made his first appearance in over a month after coming on a substitute against Peterborough United on 22 October.
On 14 March 2012, Sam went to Notts County on loan until the end of the season. On 9 April he scored a hat-trick as Notts County beat Yeovil Town 3-1.
After his two-year deal came to an end, Sam was told by Neil Warnock his contract wouldn't be renewed at the end of the 2011–12 season and that he would be released from the club at the expiry of his contract. After leaving Leeds, Sam had trials with Portsmouth and New York Red Bulls.
New York Red Bulls.
On 16 August 2012 Sam officially joined the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer. Sam appeared in five league matches for the club showing impressive form before being sidelined for the rest of the season with a knee injury. Sam was named MLS Player of the Week for his performance on 3 August 2013. During the match Sam had an assist and the game-winning goal in a 3-2 victory over Sporting Kansas City.
International.
Sam has also played for the England U20 team alongside former Leeds team mate Neil Kilkenny. He scored once for the team, against Russia in a match at his then home stadium, The Valley, in 2005.
Despite previously representing England at youth levels. In July 2010 Sam's agent claimed after the 2010 World Cup that Sam was looking to break into the Ghana national team, the country of his parents birth. "“Lloyd has enjoyed watching his native Ghana in the World Cup and he would like the opportunity to play at a higher level and grab the attention of the national team manager,”" said Eric Walters, Sam’s agent.
On 28 August 2010, Sam told "The Sun" newspaper that he was still hoping to earn a cap for the Ghana national team, after receiving a call up for Ghana during the 2009–10 season, but Sam had to pull out of the squad through injury.
In October 2010, Ghana officials asked the English FA to get written confirmation that Sam would be eligible to play for the Ghana national team and also get official confirmation from FIFA so that Sam's switch to Ghana could be fully confirmed. On 28 January 2011, Ghana officials revealed they were close to securing Sam's international status for Ghana.
Personal life.
His brother, Andrew Sam, currently plays for Dartford. Lloyd Sam is a supporter of Arsenal.
Honours.
Club.
New York Red Bulls

</doc>
<doc id="2926472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926472" title="Lepanthopsis">
Lepanthopsis

Lepanthopsis, abbreviated as Lpths in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids with about 43 currently known species. They are distributed mostly in the Andes and the Caribbean, with some species in Central America, southern Mexico and Florida. "Lepanthopsis" orchids are very small, often with flowers measuring less than 1 centimeter across.
Species.
Species accepted as of June 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="2926474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926474" title="Francis Meli">
Francis Meli

2014 Salford Red Devils
Francis Meli (born 27 April 1979 in Apia, Samoa) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for Salford Red Devils (formerly the Salford City Reds) in the Super League competition. Meli has represented both New Zealand and Samoa in internationals. His usual position is on the wing.
Background.
From Titirangi, Meli began his rugby league career at the age of 9 when he joined the Avondale Wolves. He eventually joined City Marist and played for the Marist Saints in the Auckland Rugby League.
Playing career.
Auckland Warriors.
Meli was then signed by the Auckland Warriors and made his first grade debut against the South Sydney Rabbitohs on 2 May 1999. Due to a feeder arrangement with the Warriors, Meli also played several games for Brisbane Souths in the Queensland Cup.
Meli played for Samoa in the 2000 World Cup. In 2001 he then switched allegiance to New Zealand, playing in 14 test matches between 2001 and 2004. He played for the Warriors on the wing in their 2002 NRL Grand Final loss to the Sydney Roosters.
Meli scored a club record 23 tries for the Warriors in the 2003 NRL season. He scored 5 of those tries in a single finals game against the Canterbury Bulldogs, a feat still unbeaten in the finals. He was named the 2003 New Zealand Warriors’ Player of the Year. He played his 50th match for the club on 6 April 2003 and his 100th match against the Wests Tigers on 9 April 2005.
St Helens.
At the start of 2006 Meli joined St. Helens. He played for St Helens on the wing in their 2006 Challenge Cup Final victory against the Huddersfield Giants. St Helens reached the 2006 Super League Grand final to be contested against Hull FC and Meli played on the wing, scoring a try in Saints' 26-4 victory. As 2006 Super League champions, St Helens faced 2006 NRL Premiers the Brisbane Broncos in the 2007 World Club Challenge. Meli played on the wing in the Saints' 18-14 victory.
In his first three years at the club he acquired three Challenge Cup winning medals, a World Club Challenge winning medal and a Grand Final winning ring. He also played in 2008's Super League XIII Grand Final defeat to the Leeds Rhinos.
Visa issues due to the United Kingdoms new requirements curtailed the start of his 2009 campaign, however these issues were suffered by many imports that season. He arrived back in the country five rounds late and was forced to start his season in the reserves.
At the start of 2010 Meli was granted compassionate leave to briefly return to New Zealand.
In 2008 Meli played for Samoa in the World Cup.
Meli was named in the Samoan squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
Meli was selected to play for the Exiles by coach Brian McLennan. He started the game on the wing against England and scored a try in the 16-12 Exiles win.
Francis was selected again to represent the Exiles by new coach Daniel Anderson, Meli started Game 1 on the wing and scored a try in the 18-10 loss to England. Meli also featured on the wing for Game 2 and was instrumental in helping the Exiles to a 32-20 win by scoring 2 tries and helping the Exiles retain the International Origin trophy.
Meli will play for Super League side Salford Red Devils (formerly the Salford City Reds) for the 2014 season after signing a one year contract at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="2926476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926476" title="Olóriz">
Olóriz

Olóriz is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926484" title="Orbaitzeta">
Orbaitzeta

Orbaitzeta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. 
History.
On 15-17 October 1794, the Battle of Orbaitzeta was fought in the area. General Bon-Adrien Jeannot de Moncey led the French Army of the western Pyrenees to victory over General Pedro Téllez-Girón, 9th Duke of Osuna, who commanded the Spanish army. During the fighting, the French army seized the cannon foundry located four km north of the town. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926493" title="Orbara">
Orbara

Orbara is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926494" title="Orcoyen">
Orcoyen

Orkoien is a basque town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain, being part of Pamplona's metropolitan area. Its population currently stands at 3,637 inhabitants. Its population density is of 0.69 inhab./km².
This area is home to one of Spain's most industrious regions, which is Pamplona's metropolitan area; this has triggered a transition from an agricultural background, giving way to the automotive industry.
Languages.
Spanish is the official language throughout Navarre. Basque also has official status in the Basque-speaking area. The northwestern part of the community is largely Basque-speaking, while the southern part is entirely Spanish-speaking. The capital, Pamplona, is in the mixed region. Navarre is divided into three parts linguistically: regions where Basque is widespread (the Basque-speaking area), regions where Basque is present (the mixed region), and regions where Basque is absent (the Spanish-speaking area). In 2006, 11.1% of people in Navarre were Basque speakers, 7.6% were passive speakers and 81.3% were Spanish-speaking monolinguals, an increase from 9.5% Basque speakers in 1991. The age distribution of speakers is unequal, with the lowest percentages in the age group above 35, rising to 20% amongst the 16-24 age group.
Geography.
The town of Orcoyen is located at the center of Navarre in the Basin of Pamplona, 5 km. Northeast of the city Pamplona and at an altitude of 437 meters. Its municipality covers an area of 5.6 km ² and is bordered on the north by the municipality of Berrioplano, east with that of Pamplona, on the south by the Cendea of Olza, and west by Iza .
Climate.
The city's climate is sub-Mediterranean . The average annual temperature is between 10 °C and 12 °C, the average annual rainfall is around 900 to 1,000 mm recorded an annual average of 100 days of precipitation. During the period 1 975 - 2,000, the reference station of Pamplona Airport Meteorological Agency (AEMET) recorded a mean annual temperature of 12.5 °C and an average rainfall of 721 mm. In that same period, the average annual number of clear days was 58, the average annual number of days of frost was 42, while the number of hours of sunshine were 2201.
Culture.
Festivals and events:

</doc>
<doc id="2926496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926496" title="Funes">
Funes

Funes may refer to:
Places.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2926497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926497" title="Oronz">
Oronz

Oronz, or Orontze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926502" title="Oroz-Betelu">
Oroz-Betelu

Oroz-Betelu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926505" title="Shoe (comic strip)">
Shoe (comic strip)

Shoe is an American comic strip about a motley crew of newspapermen, all of whom are birds. It was written and drawn by its creator, cartoonist Jeff MacNelly, from September 13, 1977 until his death in 2000. It has since been continued by Chris Cassatt, Gary Brookins and Susie MacNelly.
While not politically oriented in the style of strips such as "Doonesbury", "Shoe" often pokes fun at various social and political issues of the day (especially when Senator Batson D. Belfry makes an appearance). Although not particularly well-known outside of the U.S., "Shoe" was in fact granted its own monthly comic book in Norway for a brief time in 1987 under the name "Sjur," which consisted of reprints from newspapers. The magazine reached a total of six publications. Later on, in 1989, "Shoe" did a brief comeback to Norwegian readers, this time under the name "Krax," appearing as an extra-feature in the then brand-new Calvin & Hobbes magazine.
The strip won MacNelly the National Cartoonists Society's Reuben Award for the year 1979.
Characters and setting.
Shoe deals with the day-to-day foibles of a group of newspaper employees and their families, all of whom are portrayed as anthropomorphized birds, in the fictional locale of Treetops, East Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="2926506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926506" title="Norman Cameron (politician)">
Norman Cameron (politician)

Donald Norman Cameron (3 November 1851 – 17 February 1931), known as Norman Cameron, Australian politician, was born in Launceston, Tasmania, the son of Donald Cameron who served in the Tasmanian Legislative Council from 1868 to 1886. He was sent to Scotland for his education and graduated from St Andrews University. Returning to Tasmania he became a large landowner and sheepbreeder. In 1897 he was elected to the Tasmanian House of Assembly, where he served until 1899.
At the 1901 federal election, Cameron was elected for the Free Trade Party as one of Tasmania's five members of the Australian House of Representatives, since Tasmania had not been divided into electoral divisions. At the 1903 election he contested the seat of Denison, but was defeated by the Protectionist candidate, Sir Philip Fysh. He returned to the House when he won a by-election in the seat of Wilmot in 1904, but he was again defeated at the 1906 election. He is remembered today for his part in the choice of national capital. The house was evenly divided, he effectively having the casting vote. After two weeks' prevarication he settled on Canberra.
He then returned to Tasmanian politics, serving in the House of Assembly from 1912 to 1913 and again from 1925 to 1928. He died at Chudleigh of pneumonia following a fall. He was survived by his wife, a daughter and two of his three sons. One son, Donald Keith Cameron, served in the Tasmanian House of Assembly from 1934–37. His brother Cyril Cameron was a Protectionist Party Senator contemporaneously with his service as MHR, 1901–1903 then from 1906–1913.

</doc>
<doc id="2926511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926511" title="Take Yokouchi">
Take Yokouchi

Take Yokouchi is a musician best known for his work with the Japanese glam rock band Vodka Collins. Take (pronounced Ta-kay) was originally a live touring guitar player for the popular teen idol band The Four Leaves.When he was approached to join the new band Vodka Collins in 1971, it was on bass guitar, and a job he took gladly. Take Yokouchi played bass on the classic 1972 Vodka Collins hit singles "Sands Of Time" and "Automatic Pilot", and the "Tokyo - New York" album released on EMI-Toshiba in 1973.
Late career.
After Vodka Collins broke up in 1974, Take Yokouchi went back to playing guitar, ultimately forming the band Tensaw, who would re-record the Vodka Collins song "Automatic Pilot" in the 1980s, and the band would have a chart hit with it. For reasons unknown, Take Yokouchi did not take part in the later Vodka Collins reunion albums in the 1990s, being replaced by Masayoshi "Mabo" Kabe, of The Golden Cups.

</doc>
<doc id="2926512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926512" title="Llangernyw">
Llangernyw

Llangernyw is a rural, mostly Welsh-speaking, village and community in Conwy County Borough, Wales. At the 2001 census it had a population of 982 in 2001, 67 per cent of which were Welsh-speaking. The village lies on the A548 between Llanrwst and Llanfair Talhaiarn, at the point where the Afon Cledwen, a tributary of the River Elwy, is crossed by the main road.
Situated on the outskirts of the village is Hafodunos, a gothic mansion ravaged by fire in 2004.
The churchyard of St Digain's parish church in Llangernyw is the site of an ancient yew tree, Llangernyw Yew, estimated to be 4,000 years old.
Also of note is the Sir Henry Jones Museum, which is dedicated to the life of the philosopher and academic, Henry Jones, who grew up in the village. The museum is his childhood home, a small cottage, which has been preserved internally and externally.

</doc>
<doc id="2926515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926515" title="Long March 5">
Long March 5

Long March 5 (LM-5, CZ-5, or Changzheng 5) is a Chinese next-generation heavy lift launch system that is currently under development by China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT).
Currently, six CZ-5 vehicle configurations are planned for different missions,
with a maximum payload capacity of 25,000 kg to LEO and 14,000 kg to GTO. The Long March 5 is planned to roughly match the capabilities of American EELV sized vehicles such as the Delta IV, Atlas V, and Falcon 9. First flight of the CZ-5 rocket will be no earlier than 2015 from Wenchang Satellite Launch Center on Hainan island.
History.
"The Chinese government approved the development of the rocket in 2007 following two decades of feasibility study. It will be manufactured at a facility in Tianjin, a coastal city near Beijing."
, the first launch of the Long March 5 was projected to "most likely" happen in Wenchang of the southernmost island province of Hainan, "where a new satellite launch center is under construction."
Development.
The Chief Designer for the CZ-5 rocket was Long Lehao. The main objective for the CZ-5 rocket was to fulfill China's requirement for large payload to LEO and GTO missions for the next 20–30 years. The CZ-5 project was initially announced in February 2001, with initial development slated to begin in 2002 and the first versions of the vehicle to go into service by 2008. However, funding was only finally granted in 2007 as revealed by the developers during the Northeast China exhibition.
On October 30, 2007, construction for the CZ-5 production plant began in the TEDA West area near the Binhai New Area in Tianjin city. Building a completely new production facility that is close to the harbor will solve logistical problems associated with over-land transport of the large-sized rocket to launching centers. Instead, the rockets will be transported by sea from Tianjin to a new launch facility at Wenchang on Hainan Island. The new production facility would have an area totaling more than half a million square meters at the cost of RMB 4500 million (USD 650 million), with the first stage of the construction scheduled to be completed by 2009. When the production facility is completed in 2012, it would be capable of a maximum output of thirty CZ-5s annually.
, development of the thrust LOX/kerosene engine was test fired.
Design.
The chief designer of CZ-5 is Mr. Li Dong of the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology (CALT). The CZ-5 family will include three primary modular core stages of 5.2-m diameter (maximum). The total length is 60.5 metres and the weight at launch is 643 tons, with a thrust of 833.8 tons. Boosters of various capabilities with diameters ranging from 2.25 metres and 3.35 metres would be assembled from three modular core stages and strap-on stages. There would be a choice of engines with different liquid rocket propellants: 1,200 kN thrust LOX/kerosene engines or 500 kN thrust LOX/LH2 engines on first stage and boosters. The upper stage would use improved version of YF-75 engines.
Engine development began in 2000–2001, with testing directed by the China National Space Administration (CNSA) commencing in 2005. Versions of both new engines: YF-100 and YF-77 had been successfully tested by mid-2007.
The CZ-5 series will deliver 1.5 tonnes to 25 tonnes payload to LEO, or 1.5 tonnes to 14 tonnes payload to GTO (geosynchronous transfer orbit).
This would replace the CZ-2, CZ-3, and CZ-4 series in service, as well as providing new capabilities not possessed by current Long March rocket family. The heaviest configuration of the CZ-5 would consist of a 5.0-m diameter core stage and four 3.35-m diameter strap-on boosters, which would be able to send a 25 tonne payload to low earth orbit (LEO).

</doc>
<doc id="2926516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926516" title="Osei Sankofa">
Osei Sankofa

Osei Omari Kwende Sankofa (born 19 March 1985) is an English footballer, who plays for Conference South club Ebbsfleet United. He plays as a defender who can play anywhere across the back line. His father was born in Jamaica and his mother was born in England of Jamaican descent. Sankofa attended Graveney School until the age of 16.
Club career.
Charlton Athletic.
Born in London, UK, Sankofa made his Charlton Athletic debut in the 4–1 defeat to Manchester United in the 2002–03 season. The next season he was an unused substitute on more than one occasion. He went on loan to Bristol City in September 2005. On 11 November 2005, he was sent off against Swindon Town for a professional foul on Hameur Bouazza. 
Sankofa was sent off again whilst playing against Arsenal on 2 January 2007 for a professional foul on Robin Van Persie. He subsequently got the initial one match ban extended by one match for what the FA deemed to be a "frivolous" appeal. On 8 June 2007, he signed a new one year contract with Charlton. In January 2008, Sankofa was loaned out to Brentford on a one month deal, which was later extended until the end of the season.
In May 2008, Sankofa was released by Charlton.
Southend United.
On 23 June 2008, Sankofa joined Southend United on a free transfer.
Sankofa was used primarily as a utility player for Southend, never managing to hold down a first team place in two seasons, and was released in May 2010.
Farnborough.
Sankofa signed for Conference South club Farnborough in September 2010.
Boreham Wood.
Sanfoka signed for fellow Conference South side Boreham Wood in summer 2011.
Eastleigh.
In May 2012, Sanfoka moved to Conference South rivals Eastleigh signing on an initial one year deal. He made his debut on 4 September 2012. However, he was later deemed surplus to requirements and transfer listed.
Hayes & Yeading United F.C.
On 8 March 2013, Sankofa joined Conference South side Hayes & Yeading United F.C.
International career.
He has been capped for England for every age group from under-16 to under-20.

</doc>
<doc id="2926521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926521" title="Louis Anderson">
Louis Anderson

Louis Anderson (born 27 June 1985 in Dargaville, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for Catalans Dragons of Super League. A New Zealand international representative forward, he previously played for the New Zealand Warriors in the National Rugby League competition and for Warrington Wolves in Super League. He is the brother of Vinnie and Fraser Anderson, and is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Anderson played for Warrington in the 2010 Challenge Cup Final victory over the Leeds Rhinos.
In 2011, he agreed a 3-year-deal from Catalans Dragons.
International career.
Anderson has represented the New Zealand national side and played for the New Zealand Junior Kiwis. Anderson was named in the Tonga squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup but withdrew due to injury.
Rugby League International Origin Match.
Louis Anderson was selected for the Exiles squad for the Rugby League International Origin Match against England at Headingley on 10 
June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2926522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926522" title="Orísoain">
Orísoain

Orisoain is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926525" title="Oteiza">
Oteiza

Oteiza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926533" title="Chevrainvilliers">
Chevrainvilliers

Chevrainvilliers is a commune in the department in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Caprivillariens".

</doc>
<doc id="2926536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926536" title="Narayanpet">
Narayanpet

Narayanpet is a town, mandal, revenue division, and a municipality with a council of 23 ward members, in Mahbubnagar district of Telangana, India. The town specializes in handloomed sari manufacturing and Gold ornaments. Narayanpet is an Assembly constituency.
Demographics.
According to The Imperial Gazetteer of India, Narayanpet was a taluk in Mahbubnagar district, Hyderabad State. It had a population of 68,164 compared with 59,967 in 1891 covering an area of 345 square miles. It contained on town Narayanpet and 78 villages. In 1905, the taluk was broken and the villages were transferred to Makhtal taluq and Yadgir taluk in Gulbarga district. Narayanpet town had a population of 12,011 in 1901. It was noted for the manufacture of superior silk and cotton Saris and slippers of colored leather. It has a Munsif's court, a Post office, a dispensary, a boys' and girls' school and the Police Inspector's office.
Industry.
Much of the development is halted because of the factors such as the location of town, which is nearer to the state of Karnataka and low availability of water.
Primary source of income for people is by saree weaving. Bullion Merchant association is one of the most prominent sectors in the Chamber of Commerce in Narayanpet. Making pure gold jewellery has been one of the main occupations of the town for last two centuries.
Narayanpet gold is regarded as the purest serving within the locality and visitors from various places around the vicinity of town tend to purchase ornaments.
Because of scarcity of water and lack of transportation, there is no major industry except sarees and jewellery. Young generation is leaving the town in search of better opportunities in cities like Hyderabad, Bombay. Thousands of people have migrated to Pune, Mumbai, Bhiwandi, Solapur in Maharashtra.
Education.
There are many schools in Narayanpet, the best and the long serving schools include DVMHS, Market Line, Saraswati Shishu Mandir,Vaidika Pathashala, Girls high school, Adarsha high school, Sri Sai Public School,Little Stars High School, Modern High School.
MB High School was first English medium school, then DVM Public school
There are Degree colleges, Junior colleges, Engineering Colleges, B.ed colleges, Paramedical College.
Transportation.
Train
New Railway Line Proposal
Recently, South Central Railway has conducted a survey for the proposed railway line. However this proposal which has been floating from past 55 years for the execution.
Proposed Railway line is going to connect Vikarabad and Krishna through Narayanpet.
Air

</doc>
<doc id="2926540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926540" title="Domingo">
Domingo

Domingo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926541" title="Sans Filtre">
Sans Filtre

Sans Filtre is a Japanese band, formed in the millennium featuring three former members of The Spiders, Masaaki Sakai, Takayuki Inoue, and Hiroshi "Monsieur" Kamayatsu. The Spiders, formed in 1962, were one of the biggest bands of the Group Sounds era.

</doc>
<doc id="2926551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926551" title="Peralta – Azkoien">
Peralta – Azkoien

Peralta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926552" title="Vinnie Anderson">
Vinnie Anderson

Vinnie Anderson (born 2 February 1979 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby league footballer for Salford of Europe's Super League competition. A New Zealand international representative loose-forward or stand-off, he previously played for St. Helens, Warrington and NRL side, New Zealand Warriors. He is the elder brother of Louis and Fraser Anderson, and is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Early years.
Anderson played for Northcote Tigers and Mount Albert Lions in the Auckland Rugby League competition before transferring to East Coast Bays Barracudas to play alongside his father Warrick. His father later coached the Barracudas to the 2003 Fox Memorial title.
New Zealand Warriors.
Anderson debuted for New Zealand Warriors in Round 17 of the 2002 National Rugby League, playing against Cronulla Sharks at Toyota Park on 7 July 2002. That year the Warriors went on to the 2002 NRL Grand Final, which they lost 30-8 to Sydney City Roosters.
In 2003 he played centre as New Zealand Warriors fell one victory short of a consecutive Grand Final appearance.
At the end of 2003 Anderson made his International debut for New Zealand Kiwis in the 100th match between the New Zealand and the Australian team. Playing at centre, Anderson scored two tries as the Kiwis won 30-16.
Anderson also played Stand-Off for the 2004 New Zealand Tri-Nations side. The campaign was unsuccessful although he did manage to score tries in all but one of the 4 test matches against Australia and Great Britain. The tour also saw the start of brother Louis Anderson's Test career.
Before departing at the start of the 2005 NRL season for the European Super League, Anderson had carved a reputation for tough tackling and good ball skills.
St Helens.
Anderson signed St. Helens in 2005 after the Rugby Football League refused to register him as a London Broncos player because of the London sides financial problems at the time.
Anderson fit well into the St Helens flamboyant style of rugby league and formed a deadly right-hand side combination with Jamie Lyon and Darren Albert.
In his 2 years at St. Helens they finished as League Leaders in 2005 and then won both the Challenge Cup and Super League in 2006.
Warrington.
Vinnie joined Warrington in 2007. He was joined at Warrington in the 2008 season, by brother Louis Anderson, who signed for the club from New Zealand Warriors.
He was named in the Tonga training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Anderson played Stand-Off for Warrington in the 2009 Challenge Cup Final, scoring a try in the process of defeating Huddersfield 25-16. He also played in the 2010 Challenge Cup Final victory over Leeds.
Anderson was again named in the Tonga training squad for 2010.
Possible Rugby Union switch.
Anderson grew up playing rugby union in New Zealand and it was rumoured that both French and Japanese rugby union clubs have been interested in luring the Kiwi international to play. One of Anderson's brothers, Fraser Anderson, currently plays professional rugby union in Japan for the Kobelco Steelers.
Salford.
Anderson joined Salford in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2926558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926558" title="Nicanor (son of Parmenion)">
Nicanor (son of Parmenion)

Nicanor (in Greek Nικάνωρ; died 330 BC), son of Parmenion, was a distinguished officer in the service of Alexander the Great. He is first mentioned at the passage of the Danube river, in the expedition of Alexander against the Getae, 335 BC, on which occasion he led the phalanx. But during the expedition into Asia he appears to have uniformly held the chief command of the body of troops called the Hypaspists (υπασπισται) or foot-guards, numbering three units of 1.000 men. As his brother Philotas did that of the εταιρoι, or horse-guards. We find him mentioned, as holding this post, in the three great battles of the Granicus, of Issus, and of Gaugamela. He afterwards accompanied Alexander with a part of the troops under his command, during the rapid march of the king in pursuit of the king Darius III Codomannus (330 BC); which was probably his last service, as he died of disease shortly afterwards, during the advance of Alexander into Bactria. His death at this juncture was considered a fortunate event, as it prevented him from participating either in the designs or the fate of his brother Philotas.

</doc>
<doc id="2926560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926560" title="Petilla de Aragón">
Petilla de Aragón

Petilla de Aragón is a town and municipality of the autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain. The municipality itself is formed by two enclaves ("Petilla de Aragón" itself and "Los Bastanes") that are entirely surrounded by the neighboring autonomous community of Aragón.
The town was the birthplace of Nobel Prize-winning scientist Santiago Ramón y Cajal (1852–1934); Petilla terminology, a neurological nomenclature, is named after the town. Petilla was also the site of a real-life 15th century battle between the armies of the País Vasco and Aragón in which the fictional troubadour Manrico and the Conte di Luna, of Verdi's "Il trovatore", fought on opposite sides, not knowing that they were brothers; this is recounted by the gipsy Azucena in her famous aria "Stride la vampa!"

</doc>
<doc id="2926564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926564" title="Kolak">
Kolak

Kolak or Kolek is an Indonesian dessert made with palm sugar and coconut milk, with pandanus leaf ("P. amaryllifolius") for flavour. In some versions, mung beans are also used, and cooked till soft. Banana may be added to this base, the dish then being known as kolek pisang. Pumpkin, sweet potato, jackfruit, plantain and/or cassava, and sometimes pearl tapioca may also be added. It is served either hot (especially if freshly cooked) or cold. Kolak is popular during the holy month of Ramadan, and is usually served cold during Iftar.

</doc>
<doc id="2926565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926565" title="E. Phillips Fox">
E. Phillips Fox

Emanuel Phillips Fox (1865–1915) was an Australian Impressionist painter.
Education.
Emanuel Phillips Fox was born on 12 March 1865 to Alexander Fox and Rosetta Phillips at 12 Victoria Parade in Fitzroy, Melbourne, into a legal family whose firm, DLA Phillips Fox, still exists. He studied art at the National Gallery School in Melbourne from 1878 until 1886 under G. F. Folingsby; his fellow students included John Longstaff, Frederick McCubbin, David Davies and Rupert Bunny.
In 1886 he travelled to Paris and enrolled at the Académie Julian, where he gained first prize in his year for design and École des Beaux-Arts (1887–1890), where his masters included William-Adolphe Bouguereau and Jean-Léon Gérôme, both among the most famous artists of the time. While at Beaux Arts, he was awarded a first prize for painting. He was greatly influenced by the fashionable school of "en plein air" Impressionism. He exhibited at the Paris Salon in 1890, and returned to Melbourne in 1891.
Australia.
In October 1892, Fox opened the Melbourne Art School with Tudor St George Tucker, where he taught European ideas and techniques. He had a considerable influence as a teacher on Australian art during this period. In his brief career with the Heidelberg School, Fox was noted for his figure compositions and subdued landscapes, often painted as nocturnes, utilising a low-key palette in which the colours, although limited in range, were related to each other "with the utmost delicacy and inventiveness," to quote Australian art scholar James Gleeson. The emphasis on landscapes may have been at least partly a response to market demand – landscapes found more ready acceptance, and "Art Students", a figurative genre painting now recognised as one of his best, first exhibited at the Victorian Art Society in 1895, remained unsold until 1943.
Europe.
In 1901 he was given a commission under the Gilbee bequest to paint a historical picture of "The Landing of Captain Cook" for the Melbourne gallery. One of the conditions of the bequest was that the picture must be painted overseas and Fox accordingly left for London.
He explained his decision to base himself in the European art world in a 1903 letter to Frederick McCubbin: "I am quite certain that the only way is to exhibit alongside the best of the work here, and that one man shows, and colonial or Australian exhibitions in London are of very little good." Both the Royal Academy and the Salon were bastions of establishment art, remote from the modernism of Braque, Picasso and the School of Paris, and Fox's biographer, art historian Ruth Zubans, describes the Salon as celebrating elegance and femininity "...filtered through Impressionist experience and academic training". Fox enjoyed considerable success in Paris and London, becoming in 1894 the first Australian to be awarded a third-class gold medal at the Salon for "Portrait of my Cousin" (now in the National Gallery of Victoria).
In 1905 he married Ethel Carrick, an artist of ability. They toured Italy and Spain, then in 1908 settled in Paris, where he was elected an associate of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts. He returned to Melbourne on a visit in that year and held a successful one-man show at the Guildhall gallery. Two years later he became a full member of the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts, the first Australian artist to attain that honour. He was exhibiting regularly at the Royal Academy. In 1912 he was elected a member of the International Society of Painters and in the same year spent some time painting in Spain and Algeria.
Return to Australia.
In 1913 he returned to Australia, marking the occasion with an exhibition of some seventy works. The show was reported with enthusiasm in the local press, the Melbourne "Argus" writing: "With light and atmosphere always the ruling motive, there is revealed in his themes something of the infinite beauty discoverable in everyday things...". The writer might have had in mind this charming and typical work titled "The Arbour".
A final aspect of Fox's oeuvre worth noting are his official commissions. "The Landing of Captain Cook at Botany Bay", the most important of these works, holds more than a hint of his teacher Gérôme; and every Australian might be surprised to find that Fox made a copy of Nathaniel Dance's "Portrait of Captain Cook", an icon probably so ubiquitous as to have sunk unnoticed but ever-present into the national psyche.
Fox died of cancer in a Fitzroy hospital on 8 October 1915. His wife survived him by 36 years, but there were no children. His nephew Leonard Phillips Fox was a prolific writer and pamphleteer for Communist and humanitarian causes.
Critical assessment.
When compared with Arthur Streeton and Charles Conder, Fox shows more fascination with the "effects of dappled light" than to the "sunny vistas" one finds in the other two painters' Heidelberg paintings. He is described as an artist who "remained committed to a late nineteenth century aesthetic that paid homage to Impressionism while retaining the tonal values of academic realism."

</doc>
<doc id="2926566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926566" title="Amos Rapoport">
Amos Rapoport

Amos Rapoport (1929, Warsaw, Poland) is the author of the book "House, Form & Culture" - which talks about how culture, human behavior, and the environment affect house form.
Until his retirement in 2001, he taught at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee where he was a Distinguished Professor in the School of Architecture and Urban Planning. He is one of the founders of the field of Environment-Behavior Studies (EBS). His work has focused mainly on the role of cultural variables, cross-cultural studies, and theory development and synthesis. In addition to "House, Form, and Culture" he is the author of three other books and nearly 200 articles, papers, and chapters, as well as editor or co-editor of four books. 
He has also taught at the Universities of Melbourne and Sydney, the University of California, Berkeley, and University College London. He has also held visiting appointments in Israel, Turkey, Great Britain, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico, India, and Switzerland, among other places.

</doc>
<doc id="2926568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926568" title="Monty Betham">
Monty Betham

Monty Betham (born 12 March 1978 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional boxer and former rugby league footballer and junior world karate champion. A New Zealand international representative forward, he played club football for the New Zealand Warriors of the National Rugby League and for the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats of Super League. 
Betham was runner-up on Season 4 of NZ Dancing With The Stars in 2008.
Rugby league career.
Betham was a Bay Roskill Vikings junior and represented New Zealand in eight tests and also played for Samoa at the 2000 World Cup. His position of choice was at Loose forward/Lock but he also played at hooker. On the field Betham was known for his aggressive style of play. He was once voted the player that the opposition players least want to pick a fight with during a nrl players poll.
Boxing career.
In December 2006 Betham announced his retirement from rugby league in order to pursue a career in boxing. Betham will start out in the cruiserweight division and hopes to work his way down to light heavyweight.
Betham's father, also called Monty, had 53 professional fights as a middleweight or light heavyweight from 1973-1982.
Betham is trained by Danny Codling and managed by Mick Watson.
His first fight took place in Samoa on the 31 March 2007. He defeated 15 fight veteran Vai Toevai in the sixth round.[http://www.samoaobserver.ws/sports/SPNews/0407/0107sp001.htm]
Reality TV.
In 2007 Monty competed in New Zealand reality show Treasure Island:Pirates of the Pacific. In March 2008 he competed on New Zealand Celebrity Joker Poker, he made it to the final three on the final episode before being eliminated (Shortland Street actor Craig Parker was the overall winner).
Dancing With The Stars (New Zealand, Season 4).
In December 2007 it was announced that Monty will compete in season 4 of Dancing With The Stars which starts in February 2008. On January 28, 2008 it was revealed on The Edge (radio station) that Monty's professional dance partner would be Nerida Jantti (girlfriend of Shane Cortese). On April 15, 2008 he was named runner-up (Temepara George being the overall winner).
The Shopping Channel.
In October 2012 Monty became one of the inaugural TV presenters on The Shopping Channel (New Zealand), New Zealand's first and only home shopping channel.
Personal life.
After returning home from competing on Treasure Island, Monty and his wife Jaymie celebrated the birth of their first child, a son. Monty's wife is currently expecting their second child.

</doc>
<doc id="2926572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926572" title="Piedramillera">
Piedramillera

Piedramillera is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926577" title="Land terrier">
Land terrier

A land terrier is a record system for an institution's land and property holdings. It differs from a land registry in that it is maintained for the organisation's own needs and may not be publicly accessible.
Typically, it consists of written records related to a map. Modern practice involves the use of Geographic Information Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2926581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926581" title="Empress Walk">
Empress Walk

Empress Walk is a large condominum and retail complex at the intersection of Yonge Street and Empress Avenue in the North York Centre area of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Developed by Menkes Development, Phase 1 was completed in 1997 and Phase 2 by 2000. The lower portion is a three-storey retail mall (lower level with access to the North York Centre subway station) covering topped with a dome, the highlight being the longest unsupported escalator in North America to give access to the movie theatre from the ground floor. There is a 3035-seat Cineplex Cinemas movie multi-plex featuring an IMAX Theatre. Above are two 34-storey residential towers with a total of 745 units between them. These skyscrapers remain among the tallest in North York.
Overview.
Behind the Empress Walk complex on its east side is Princess Park, commemorating the original sites of the first municipal building and fire hall of North York. The clock tower from the fire hall has been reconstructed and serves as the centrepiece for the park. Across the street, and connected via the TTC tunnel, are Mel Lastman Square, the North York Civic Centre, the North York City Centre office tower and Novotel. Next door, and connected via a passageway is the 5075 Yonge Street tower, with Scotiabank and Upper Madison College. 
It was built as part of Mel Lastman's bid to create a downtown in North York to rival the old city of Toronto. It remains a hub of activity with condominium projects being built north and south of it today.
In 2000, the property was acquired by RioCan REIT, a Canadian real estate investment trust.
Re-zoning.
Prior to the building of Empress Walk, the east side of Yonge Street did not have the zoning capacity to build condominiums but only office space and retail stores. A deal was made with City Council to re-zone the area on the condition that the developers had done the following without municipal funding:
This decision proved to be a very popular one in the community because Empress Walk would contribute opportunities for entrepreneurs and also revitalize the aging community. Mitchell Field Community Centre drastically required rebuilding or advanced renovations; however, funding was not available.

</doc>
<doc id="2926584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926584" title="Malcolm Ogilvie">
Malcolm Ogilvie

Dr Malcolm Alexander Ogilvie is a British ornithologist and freelance natural history author and consultant. One of his areas of expertise is wildfowl.
Ogilvie was formerly a research scientist with the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust 1960-1986, also editing their journal, "Wildfowl", 1966-1986. Until 1997 he was a member of the "British Birds" editorial board and a contributor to the handbook "The Birds of the Western Palearctic". He has been a fully qualified bird ringer since 1958. He is a past regional representative for the British Trust for Ornithology, and the vice-county plant recorder for South Ebudes for the Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland.
Ogilvie has been resident on the island of Islay since 1986. He is married to Carol and has two daughters, Isla and Heather.
Positions.
Ogilvie's positions have included:

</doc>
<doc id="2926586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926586" title="Sione Faumuina">
Sione Faumuina

Sione Faumuina (born March 27, 1981 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Redcliffe Dolphins.
He joined the Castleford Tigers in the European Super League at the start of the 2009 season.
He also has previously played for the Canberra Raiders and New Zealand Warriors and was due to play for Superleague club Harlequins RL until the club tore up his contract pre-season. Faumuina represented the New Zealand national team on two occasions between 2003 and 2004 and his position of choice is second row although he has also played at lock, centre and stand-off.
He was released by the New Zealand Warriors in August 2006 for repeated involvement in "cases of serious misconduct", related to alcohol.
Sione Faumuina signed a contract to play for Harlequins Rugby League, starting from the 2007 season, a contract that Quins RL have agreed to tear up.
He signed with the North Queensland Cowboys and has played with them since 2007. 
Sione was relesea by mutual consent from Castleford at the back end of the 2009 season.
In 2011, Faumuina moved to Tannum Sands to work in local industry. He now plays five-eighth for Tannum Sands Gullaz.

</doc>
<doc id="2926594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926594" title="Robina Town Centre">
Robina Town Centre

Robina Town Centre is a large shopping centre covering in the suburb of Robina, Queensland with over 350 retail outlets covering over .
History.
Construction began on the centre in 1994 and it was at the time the largest mall in Australia to be built in a single development period. Stage One of the development opened in late April 1996 and Stage Two, two extra levels of shopping, in late August 1996. The centre has since been taken over by QIC Real Estate from the original developers Jerde and development and refurbishment has occurred in 2002, 2003 and 2006. This development has cost $40 million and further development is planned. As well as development in 2006 there were a number of events to celebrate the 10th birthday of the centre. These included celebrity visits and children's events.
Shopping and surroundings.
Major stores include Coles, two Woolworths, David Jones (the only one on the Gold Coast, aside from the David Jones Warehouse in the Harbour Town Shopping Centre), Myer, Kmart, Target, Big W and Event Cinemas.
There are also a large number of food outlets inside such as KFC, McDonalds, Hungry Jacks and Subway. The shopping centre has themed malls – Arbour Lane, Bazaar Street, Food Markets, Fashion Mall (Crescent West) and the North Mall – give this shopping centre a unique feel. The Robina Station and Skilled Park Stadium are also nearby.
For busy parents there is a childminder service available for shoppers for a small price. The scheme runs Monday to Saturday. On Tuesday, Thursdays and Fridays there are walking exercise classes led by an expert. A free bus service runs between the Town Centre and other parts of the Gold Coast such as Surfers Paradise and Coolangatta.
In 1998 the centre received a Commendation from the Royal Australian Institute of Architects.
Parking and Transportation.
Robina Town Centre offers complementary free parking, there are multiple areas of parking including David Jones, Big W and Arbour lane to name a few.
Robina Town Centre has the most intelligent parking system on the Gold Coast with parking assist bays and empty parking indicators to assist in finding a park.
With approximately 6000 car parks available mostly undercover, the parking assist works using sensors above parks with LED indicators if a park is empty (Green) or taken (Red). These LEDs can be easily seen from a distance. These sensors communicate with the directional flow indicators on the main thoroughfare that blink in the direction of an empty parking bay.
There are 85 Disabled parking bays that are undercover and an additional 12 open aired parking bays located at the Food markets car park.
There are 50 Parents with Pram parking bays with extra wide bays located in various sections of each car park area.
Robina Town Centre is within walking distance of Robina Train Station and Skilled Park and is serviced by multiple Translink (Surfside) Buses and Trains from Brisbane to Varsity Lakes that operate in the area making it convenient. Translink Bus Routes include 747, 748, 750, N750, 751, 752, 755, 758, 759 and 765. Refer to Translink Website 
Development.
In 2007, the Robina Town Centre commenced on a $300 million extension, which opened in April 2009. These works added a 2nd Woolworths supermarket, a large scale 10,000 m² Big W (which opened as the largest Big W store in Australia), a two-storey Borders book store, a new entertainment and leisure precinct surrounding the lake including new cinemas and restaurants, a new state of the art 900-seat Food Atrium, plus over 100 new stores and an additional 1,100 parking spaces.
In 2010, Robina Town Centre completed a $90 million expansion with the addition of a Myer store (in the location of the previous Birch, Carroll and Coyle Cinemas) plus 12 new fashion stores in a new mall linking Arbour Lane to the food markets.

</doc>
<doc id="2926596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926596" title="Pitillas">
Pitillas

Pitillas is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926597" title="A City of Sadness">
A City of Sadness

A City of Sadness () is a 1989 Taiwanese historical drama film directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien. It tells the story of a family embroiled in the tragic "White Terror" that was wrought on the Taiwanese people by the Kuomintang government (KMT) after their arrival from mainland China in the late 1940s, during which thousands of Taiwanese were rounded up, shot, and/or sent to prison. 
The film was the first to deal openly with the KMT's authoritarian misdeeds after its 1945 turnover of Taiwan from Japan, and the first to depict the 228 Incident of 1947, in which thousands of people were massacred.
"A City of Sadness" was the first Taiwanese film to win the Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival.
Synopsis.
The film depicts the Lin family's experiences during the White Terror. The eldest brother Wen-heung (Sung Young Chen) is murdered by a Shanghai mafia boss, the middle brother Wen-leung (Jack Kao) suffers a traumatic brain injury in a KMT jailhouse, and the youngest brother Wen-ching (Tony Leung Chiu Wai), who is both deaf and mute, hopes to flee to the mountains with his friend to fight in the anti-KMT resistance movement. By the end of the film even the photographer Wen-ching has been arrested by the authorities, leaving only his wife to tell the story of the family's destruction.
Wen-ching's deafness began as an expedient to disguise Tony Leung's inability to speak Taiwanese (or Japanese—the language taught in Taiwan's schools during the 51-year Japanese rule), but wound up being an effective means to demonstrate the brutal insensitivity of Chen Yi's ROC administration.
Production.
"A City of Sadness" was filmed on location in Jiufen, an old and declined gold mining town in northeast of Taiwan. The film revived Jiufen, and it became a popular tourist attraction.
This film is regarded as the first installment in a trilogy of films that deal with Taiwanese history, which also includes "The Puppetmaster" (1993) and "Good Men, Good Women" (1995).

</doc>
<doc id="2926599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926599" title="Roger Lemerre">
Roger Lemerre

Roger Lemerre (; born 18 June 1941 in Bricquebec, Manche) is a French association football manager and former football player. During his managerial career, he was in charge of three national teams: the French, Tunisian and Moroccan national football teams. He also managed numerous clubs in France, Tunisia, Turkey and Algeria. He currently manages Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club Étoile du Sahel.
Player career.
His professional playing career spanned 15 seasons, from 1961 to 1975: between 1961 and 1969 he played for Sedan and lose the Cup in 1965, before moving to Nantes (1968–1971), Nancy (1971–1973) and Lens (1973–1975). He won 6 caps for France between 1968 and 1971.
Manager career.
Between 1975 and 1978, he was the coach of Red Star from Saint-Ouen, and then went back to RC Lens for a season as coach, before moving to Paris FC for two seasons. In the 1983–1984 season, he ran Espérance Sportive de Tunis in Tunisia. On his return to France, he again took up his post as Red Star manager.
For 10 seasons, he coached the French national military team, with whom he won the World Championships.
In 1997, he finished the season with Lens and saved it from relegation.
He assisted Aimé Jacquet in the French team's 1998 World Cup victory. This paved the way for him to take over as the national coach, winning Euro 2000 in Netherlands/Belgium. However, after the team suffered a stunning first-round exit in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, he was dismissed by the French Football Federation.
Undeterred, Tunisia's national federation soon hired Lemerre to be the manager of their national side. There, he guided them to victory in the African Nations Cup in 2004, and led them to qualification for the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. He was sacked in February 2008 following the team's exit from the 2008 African Cup of Nations in the quarter-finals.
Lemerre was named the new head coach of Morocco national football team in May 2008 and took charge on 1 July. He was fired on 9 July 2009, for disappointing results. 
On 18 December 2009, he accepted a managing job at Ankaragücü on a 6-month deal that could be extended if both parties agreed. Former Turkish international Ümit Özat was appointed as his assistant coach. In May 2010, despite the fact that Lemerre had turned the team around and possibly saved them from relegation, the club decided not to extend Lemerre's contract and he was replaced by his assistant Ümit Özat for season 2009/2010.
In December 2013, Lemerre agreed a six-month deal to take a coaching job at Tunisian team Étoile du Sahel.
Career Outline.
As player
As manager
Honours.
As player
As manager
Private life.
Lemerre married in October 2003, without the press knowing.
Lemerre and press.
During his leadership of the Moroccan football team (The Atlas Lions) Lemerre always kept distance with the press. Refusing to give information and prohibiting players to give interviews during the Moroccan critical period of 2010 world cup qualification, led to boycott his after-match interviews by the press.
Some Moroccan newspapers described him as the enemy of the press (Almountakhab "Arabic article" newspaper).
Lemerre prohibited some Moroccan fans who come to watch their national team on the Chantier area (near Paris, France) while preparing for next qualifications; the fans addressed a protest letter to the Moroccan Football Federation.
“The Moroccan Royal Federation of Football Association (FRMF) has decided to separate amicably from the national team coach, Roger Lemerre,” announced the FRMF without giving further explanation about the exact amount given to Lemerre to quit national team coaching.

</doc>
<doc id="2926601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926601" title="Puente La Reina – Gares">
Puente La Reina – Gares

Puente La Reina (Spanish meaning literally the "bridge of the Queen"; ) is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarra, in northern Spain.
Puente la Reina lies between Pamplona and Estella on the Way of St. James pilgrimage route to Santiago de Compostela. It is the first town after the junction of the French Way (), the most popular route, and Aragonese Way.
Doña Mayor, wife of King Sancho III was the queen who gave her name to the town. She built the six-arched bridge () over the Río Arga for the use of pilgrims on their way to Santiago de Compostela along the Camino de Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="2926603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926603" title="North York City Centre">
North York City Centre

North York City Centre in North York is an 18 storey commercial and civic office complex. Completed in 1989, it is home to North York Central Library. The City of Toronto also has offices at this site to serve residents of North York.
The glass-clad structure overlooks Mel Lastman Square and North York City Hall. It is across the street from Empress Walk. On the north side is the Novotel (North York) hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="2926607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926607" title="Pueyo">
Pueyo

Pueyo is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926612" title="Ribaforada">
Ribaforada

Ribaforada is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Their famous football team is the Club Deportivo Ribaforada.

</doc>
<doc id="2926615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926615" title="Romanzado">
Romanzado

Romanzado is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The municipality is shaped by the rivers Salazar, Areta and their tributaries, comprising 10 villages and minor population nuclei scattered across an extension of 91.44 km2. The municipality numbers 154 inhabitants (2004). 
Name.
The name has attracted much linguistic attention on the grounds that it suggests a Romance-speaking enclave in an otherwise Basque-speaking surrounding area sometime in the Middle Ages. However, evidence points to the area being monolingual Basque-speaking well in the 16th century. 

</doc>
<doc id="2926621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926621" title="Roncal – Erronkari">
Roncal – Erronkari

Roncal – Erronkari is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926622" title="First Potteries">
First Potteries

First Potteries is a bus company based in Stoke-on-Trent operating services in Staffordshire. It is a subsidiary of FirstGroup. 
History.
The company began life as Potteries Motor Traction. As part of the privatisation of the National Bus Company, PMT Limited was created on 12 December 1986 when it was purchased by its management and employees. The team leading PMT's buyout were managing director Mike Moors, traffic manager Steve Ellis, chief engineer Barry Parkinson and company secretary Nigel Barrett.
Expansion came quickly for PMT, and it had commenced operations outside its traditional North Staffordshire area a little over six weeks prior to purchase from NBC. On 25 October 1986, the day bus services in the UK were deregulated, a small outstation was established in the neighbouring town of Crewe. This was followed by a venture into Merseyside with the opening of a Red Rider outstation at Moreton on the Wirral Peninsula. A small operation in Leeds commenced in 1988, followed a year later by the winning of tenders in the West Midlands. This led to vehicles being outstation at a haulage company's yard in Willenhall.
On 6 February 1990, PMT purchased the Wirral, Ellesmere Port and Chester operations of Crosville Motor Services from the Drawlane Group. PMT was later purchased by Badgerline before they in turn merged with GRT Group and formed FirstBus. The sale including the former Crosville operations in Chester and Wirral.
First Potteries now operates mainly urban services in Stoke-on-Trent and surrounding towns, along with its network of services in Chester through the purchase of ChesterBus in 2007. This business was integrated with the existing First Chester & The Wirral which already ran a network of services in these areas. The Chester & Wirral operations were sold to Stagecoach Merseyside in December 2012.
Liveries.
The traditional colours of the PMT fleet were red and cream. During National Bus Company ownership in the 1970s and 1980s, poppy red and white livery was used. Following privatisation, the livery became red and yellow with the fleetname in a 'zipper' logo. Despite this, several variations were introduced to suit individual routes - Silverdale Shuttle and Bradwell Shuttle, which saw the red replaced with blue; Hospitalslink, a scheme used exclusively on a handful of minibuses and which was green-based; and Birches Head Townabout, again a minibus operation and which received a yellow and orange livery. Additionally, a pair of minibuses gained a purple and yellow variant to promote the Ball Green to Tunstall service.
All these liveries have now been completely superseded by the FirstGroup corporate livery. In 2011 a number of buses were repainted in PMT red and yellow when routes 25 and 26 were launched as gold services.
Administration.
In 2010, FirstGroup changed the management structure of First Potteries. The Staffordshire area operations are now part of First Midlands (which consists of First Leicester and First Wyvern) with its group office at Adderley Green, Stoke-on-Trent. The Cheshire and Merseyside area depots became part of First Manchester. 
Crewe depot has been closed and has transferred vehicles and services to Newcastle-under-Lyme. In October 2013 First Potteries will take responsibility for First Midlands' depots in Hereford and Worcester in 2013.
Fleet.
As at March 2013 the fleet consisted of 185 buses.
Depots.
First Potteries operate two depots in Adderley Green and Newcastle-under-Lyme.

</doc>
<doc id="2926629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926629" title="Sada, Navarre">
Sada, Navarre

Sada is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926631" title="Olza">
Olza

Olza may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2926633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926633" title="Saldías">
Saldías

Saldías is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926636" title="Salinas de Oro – Jaitz">
Salinas de Oro – Jaitz

Salinas de Oro is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926637" title="Jeremy Thompson">
Jeremy Thompson

Jeremy Gordon Thompson (born 1948) is a News Presenter for "Sky News", the 24-hour television news service operated by Sky Television, part of British Sky Broadcasting. He is based at "Sky News Centre" in West London. He was formerly a Sports Correspondent for BBC News, and a foreign correspondent in Hong Kong, Johannesburg and Washington. Since 2005, he has regularly presented the channel's early evening coverage from 5pm to 7pm on Monday to Thursday.
Education.
Thompson was educated at The King's School, a boarding independent school for boys (now co-educational and non-boarding), in the market town of Worcester, in the West of England, and was a contemporary of comedian Chris Tarrant. 
Broadcasting career.
Thompson is frequently Sky News' leading anchor on major stories, often presenting on location. Assignments have included reporting from Rome and Vatican City on the death and funeral of Pope John Paul II in April 2005, the London bombings of July 2005, Hurricane Rita and the Asian Tsunami where he was the first British presenter on the scene, reporting live from Phuket on the immediate aftermath of the disaster. He also reported from Haifa in northern Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War.
Thompson was a foreign correspondent based in Hong Kong, Johannesburg and Washington, from where he covered some of the major world events of the last 20 years. Following Sky News' relaunch in October 2005, he continued to have a big role at the channel. In January 2006, he headed the channel's coverage of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's deteriorating health. This included anchoring from Jerusalem and the West Bank, appearing on his usual 5pm slot and other Sky News shows in which he usually has no involvement. For instance, he co-presented World News Tonight on two occasions, with James Rubin in the London studio.
Awards.
In February 2006, Thompson won the Royal Television Society's award for Presenter of the Year. The citation from the judges said that Thompson "has a unique ability to capture the moment, to know which tiny little things really matter and, crucially, he knows when to shut up and let the pictures do the talking".
Filmography.
Thompson has also appeared as himself in the following movies: 

</doc>
<doc id="2926644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926644" title="San Adrián">
San Adrián

San Adrián is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. There was an ancient monastery (or parish church) dedicated to San Adrián y la Virgen de la Palma there, after which the village is named.

</doc>
<doc id="2926645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926645" title="Myoxanthus">
Myoxanthus

Myoxanthus (from Greek for "dormouse" and "flower") is a genus of orchids with about 50 species, widely distributed in Central and South America. This genus is a close ally of "Pleurothallis".
The genera Chaetocephala Barb.Rodr., Dubois-Reymondia H.Karst., Duboisia H.Karst. and Reymondia H.Karst. & Kuntze have been included in "Myoxanthus".

</doc>
<doc id="2926647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926647" title="San Martín de Unx">
San Martín de Unx

San Martín de Unx is a town and municipality in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926649" title="Knuckle Sandwich">
Knuckle Sandwich

Knuckle Sandwich may refer to: a knuckle sandwich, or a proverbial punch to the mouth. The term is often used as a taunt by someone who is threatening to punch another. For example: "I'll give you a knuckle sandwich!" When taunting, an action is often made with the taunter's hands, pounding a fist into their other open hand, as if punching the one who is being taunted. If the taunter is really angry, they will grind the fist into the open hand for added effect.

</doc>
<doc id="2926653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926653" title="Wade Keller">
Wade Keller

Wade Keller (born May 22, 1971) is a wrestling columnist. He runs the Pro Wrestling Torch newsletter, which is regarded as one of the most influential newsletters in professional wrestling.
Keller founded Pro Wrestling Torch Newsletter (a/k/a PWTorch, or simply "The Torch") in October 1987, when he was a junior in high school. The newsletter is published weekly from his Minnesota home, with the content also published to an accompanying website which was launched in 1999. Keller's work includes weekly columns, news reporting and analysis, as well as interviews in both print and audio format. He works closely with wrestlers, promoters, and wrestling fans to gather the information for his features. 
One of Keller's yearly features is the Torch Talk, in which he conducts interviews with wrestlers. Keller is also the host of ”Pro Wrestling's Ultimate Insiders”, a series of interviews with prominent wrestling personalities that are released on DVD. The first edition featured Vince Russo and Ed Ferrara, former writers for the WWE and WCW, while the second edition was conducted with Matt and Jeff Hardy. Another was conducted with ECW and XPW wrestler New Jack.
Wade Keller also created and currently oversees MMATorch, a website devoted to the world of Mixed Martial Arts. The MMA Torch website has been around since 1993 and was one of the very first sites to ever devote coverage to the world of Mixed Martial Arts. He has interviewed Dana White, original UFC matchmaker Art Davie, and UFC announcer Mike Goldberg. Before the "MMA Torch" website was launched, Keller's MMA coverage was included in the pages of the Pro Wrestling Torch Newsletter, including coverage of the very first UFC pay-per-view. The site provides news, interviews, analysis, and opinions as well as a message board feature. MMATorch also offers a VIP version that is ad-free and features by Jamie Penick, the main editor of the site, along with exclusive articles.

</doc>
<doc id="2926655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926655" title="John Abbot (entomologist)">
John Abbot (entomologist)

John Abbot was an American entomologist and ornithologist. He was born on 31 May or 1 June 1751 in London and died on December 1840 or January 1841 in Bulloch County in Georgia.
Life.
Little is known of his life. He was the eldest son of James Abbot and Ann Clousinger. His father was training him to become a lawyer, but Dru Drury encouraged his interest in entomology and art and he studied drawing and engraving with the engraver Jacob Bonneau (1741—1786). Dru Drury and a group of naturalists from the Royal Society, recognized his talent as an illustrator, and encouraged him to go to Virginia to study and collect natural history specimens. He remained in Virginia from 1773 to 1775, and then settled in Georgia in what is now known as Screven County. He served in the Revolutionary War in the Third Georgia Continental Battalion as a private. As a veteran after the war he received several hundred acres of land upon which he established a plantation, and became the local school master.
He produced thousands of insect illustrations, as well as several sets of bird illustrations. The majority are preserved in the Natural History Museum, London, the British Museum and Houghton Library at Harvard University. Other repositories of his drawings include Johns Hopkins University, University of South Carolina, Emory University, and the Alexander Turnbull Library. Some have been dispersed following various auctions that included his drawings. The bird and insect specimens that he collected were sent to Britain and Europe, but a certain number were lost at sea, which discouraged him. He nonetheless continued to collect and paint specimens until at least 1835.
The only publication to bear his name was "The Natural History of the Rarer Lepidopterous Insects of Georgia", whose primary author was James Edward Smith. It included 104 plates that were reproduced from original drawings by John Abbot, which are now preserved at Johns Hopkins University. Abbot also provided most of the observations published in the book. First appearing in 1797, new copies of the book were issued for thirty years.
From 1829 to 1837, renowned French entomologist Jean Baptiste Alphonse Dechauffour de Boisduval (1799–1879) and wealthy American naturalist John Eatton Le Conte (1784–1860) published instalments of "Histoire Générale et Iconographie des Lépidoptères et des Chenilles de l’Amérique Septentrionale". This publication included 78 hand-colored engraved plates, most created from original drawings by John Abbot. The majority of these original drawings are now deposited at the University of South Carolina. A collection of 130 watercolors of birds, are held by the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="2926660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926660" title="Government of Canada Building, North York">
Government of Canada Building, North York

The Government of Canada Building, also known as the Joseph Sheppard Federal Building, is a Government of Canada office complex at 4900 Yonge Street in North York. Built in 1977 to service residents of the former Metropolitan Toronto boroughs of North York and Etobicoke, it houses a branch of the Passport Office in addition to other federal departments.
It is one of several federal building around Toronto:
The structure, with its multi-layered design, stands out among the surrounding skyscrapers along Yonge Street, which were built during the office boom of the 1990s surrounding the diversification of downtown North York.

</doc>
<doc id="2926663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926663" title="Reymondia">
Reymondia

Reymondia is a genus of freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Paludomidae.
Species.
Species in the genus "Reymondia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="2926664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926664" title="Globe International">
Globe International

Founded in 1994 by three Australian brothers, Globe International Limited is a global producer and distributor specializing in purpose-built apparel, footwear and skateboard hardgoods (decks, wheels, trucks, etc.) brands for the boardsports, street fashion and workwear markets. Globe International’s core business is divided between proprietary brands, licensed brands and distributed brands, and its products are sold in more than 100 countries worldwide. The company's international offices are located in Melbourne, Australia; Los Angeles, United States (US); Hossegor, France; Lyon, France; London, United Kingdom (UK); the Gold Coast, Australia; and Shenzhen, China. The company is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and operates in the following three segments: Australasia, North and South America and Europe.
History.
The foundation of Globe International was established in the 1980s, with the founding of Hardcore Enterprises, an Australia-based company specializing in products that appealed to the skateboard and street fashion markets. In 1984, former Australian skateboarding champions Peter and Stephen Hill, along with brother and current Globe International CEO Matt Hill, oversaw the development of Hardcore into one of the world's largest skateboard distribution companies. The Hills cited that they were unsatisfied with the lack of quality skate products they required, and thus they went into business to import US skate products to Australia.
The Hills continued to promote skateboarding and wrote two successful books on the subject and became prolific skate film producers. Through constant promotions, tours, contests, video and magazine advertising, Hardcore became a driving force behind the skateboarding explosion during the mid-1980s in Australia and New Zealand. Hardcore’s expansion continued and their first diversification company "Die Hard Pty Ltd" was founded in 1987 as the clothing and accessories division of the business. Die Hard's first licensed label was Vision Streetwear.
Die Hard went on to produce premier labels under license for the Australian and New Zealand markets such as Stussy, Mossimo, Freshjive, Paul Frank, Ecko Unltd, Counter Culture, Split, Girl Star, Undergirl and World Industries. The Hills also co-founded iconic streetwear brand Mooks which also operated under the Die Hard umbrella. Die Hard became known as Globe International’s Streetwear Division and was one of the largest suppliers of branded youth clothing in Australia and New Zealand when it was sold to Pacific Brands in 2006.
In 1995 Globe International established its US operation in Los Angeles, California, where the Globe brand is now a part of the American boardsports sub-culture and a key supplier to major retailers of boardsports apparel, footwear and skateboard hardgoods.
In 2001 Globe International listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and achieved the Initial Public Offer goals. In 2002 Globe International acquired Kubic Marketing, a holding company that owned World Industries and Dwindle Distribution, which, at the time, was the parent company for skateboard brands such as Enjoi, Blind, Darkstar, and Tensor. Acquiring Dwindle, a company founded by professional skateboarders Rodney Mullen and Steve Rocco, made Globe International one of the world’s biggest skateboard companies.
In 2003 Globe International established its European headquarters, which is based along the south-west surf coast of France in Hossegor. As of 2013, the European office sells directly in the major boardsports markets of the UK, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Netherlands, and Austria, among others. Additionally, all other significant markets in Europe are serviced by third-party distributors.
Having established a stable of proprietary brands and an international distribution network in 2006, Globe International made a strategic decision to divest itself of its licensed Australian Streetwear Division to Pacific Brands and focus on further international expansion of the company’s proprietary brands.
In 2009 Globe International added to its brand portfolio by acquiring Europe’s number one skateboard brand Cliché and expanding it through international markets. In 2010 Globe International re-entered the Australian streetwear market and established a new division entitled "4Front Distribution", a company that is currently responsible for the Australian distribution of brands such as Stussy, Obey, Vision Streetwear, BOY London and Neff. Globe also moved its Melbourne headquarters to the inner-city suburb of Port Melbourne during the same year, occupying a building that was formerly owned by chocolate company Cadbury's.
Globe operates its own factory to manufacture the skateboards and trucks that it distributes under Globe and Dwindle. The DSM (Douglas Street Manufacturing) Premium Woodshop is located in Shenzhen, China, with skateboard icon Rodney Mullen closely involved in its production practices from its inception. DSM imports maple logs from Canada’s Great Lakes region for the production of its decks. A 2013 "TransWorld SKATEboarding" article likened DSM’s approach to the sourcing and treatment of wood; “as the sandwich shop that prepares all of their meat from the whole animal versus others who order their cuts from a wholesaler. DSM has the in-house butcher.” DSM was first publically announced in 2003 and caused a widespread surprised reaction in the skateboard industry, as production had previously been solely based in North America and concern was raised about job losses. Globe CEO Matt Hill, stated at the time: "When you get down to the labor issues, if we sell a lot more boards, then we’ll create jobs here (in the U.S.A.), it’ll open a lot more doors.”
As of September 2013, the company operates a number of branded "Globe" retail stores in three Australian locations and two French locations: St Kilda, Melbourne, Victoria; Torquay, Victoria; and Gold Coast, Queensland, and two stores in Hossegor, France.
Film.
The company has produced numerous films and short films, incorporating both skateboarding and surfing subcultures. Between 2007 and 2010, the brand released a series of six short films entitled "United By Fate", directed by Joe "Joe G" Guglielmino, and featuring all of the skate team members during that period. The inaugural episode of "United By Fate" featured Canadian skateboarder Paul Machnau, while the final installment was a compilation of footage from different team members, such as Jake Duncombe, Louis Lopez and Chris Haslam.
Joe G. and Globe began filming a new surf film, titled "Strange Rumblings" at the commencement of 2013 and the first installment was filmed in Iceland. The film will feature Globe team members CJ and Damien Hobgood, Dion Agius, Taj Burrow, Yadin Nicol and new team members Brendon Gibbons, Creed McTaggart and Noa Deane.
Special projects.
Led by its Special Project Division, Globe has worked with other well-known brands and artists, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2926665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926665" title="Lesley Vainikolo">
Lesley Vainikolo

Lesley Vainikolo (born 4 May 1979 in Nukualofa, Tonga) is a rugby union player. A dual code international, he has played for the New Zealand Kiwis in rugby league and England in rugby union.
He began his career playing rugby league in Australia for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League and later in England for the Bradford Bulls of Super League. He then moved to English rugby union club Gloucester. In both codes, he has usually played as a wing.
Childhood and early career.
Born 4 May 1979 in Nukualofa, Tonga, Vainikolo grew up in south-west Auckland, New Zealand playing rugby union but switched to rugby league as he explains, "I first got into rugby league when I was 11. One of my mates got me into it. His team were short on numbers and my mate asked if I wanted to play. I grew up playing union, so I had the basic skills. I played the game and absolutely loved it. And I've been hooked since." Vainikolo played for the Mangere East Hawks in the Auckland Rugby League competition. He represented Auckland in the 1997 Super League Challenge Cup. He represented the Junior Kiwis in 1998.
He attended De La Salle College, Mangere East and holds the school's 100m record of 10.90s. Vainikolo ran the 100 metres in 10.6 seconds in qualifying for the 1998 World Junior Athletics Championships.
Rugby League.
Canberra Raiders.
Vainikolo had two big league heroes when he was younger – Allan Langer and Mal Meninga. So when Vainikolo received a call from Mal Meninga to join the Canberra Raiders, he had no hesitation. Thus, in 1998, Vainikolo began his professional rugby league career for the Canberra Raiders in the Australian National Rugby League competition. In his first season for the club, he was voted as the Canberra Raiders' rookie of the year. While playing for the Raiders, Vainikolo was dubbed by Australian rugby league commentator Peter Sterling as 'The Volcano'. The reason for this is because Sterling found the player's surname difficult to pronounce and shortened it to "Volcano" and he has been called this nickname ever since.
Vainikolo was selected for the New Zealand team to compete in the end of season 1999 Rugby League Tri-Nations tournament. In the final against Australia he played at on the wing in the Kiwis' 22–20 loss.
Bradford Bulls.
Vainikolo made his debut in the 2002 World Club Challenge against the Newcastle Knights in January. As Super League VI champions, the Bulls played against 2001 NRL Premiers, the Newcastle Knights in the 2002 World Club Challenge. Vainikolo played on the wing and scored a try in Bradford's victory. However, his first season with the club in 2002 was disrupted by injury. He scored only 13 tries in 24 appearances. Vainikolo played for Bradford Bulls on the wing in their 2002 Super League Grand Final loss against St Helens RFC. In his second season with the club he scored an impressive 28 tries in 32 appearances. Vainikolo played for Bradford on the wing in their 2003 Super League Grand Final victory against the Wigan Warriors. Having won Super League VIII, Bradford played against 2003 NRL Premiers, the Penrith Panthers in the 2004 World Club Challenge. Vainikolo played on the wing, scoring a try in the Bulls' 22–4 victory. In the 2004 season he broke the Super League try scoring record by scoring 36 tries in only 26 appearances, including five hat-tricks. Vainikolo played for the Bradford Bulls on the wing and scored a try in their 2004 Super League Grand Final loss against the Leeds Rhinos.
Again in 2005, his season was disrupted with injury, although he still managed to score a remarkable 34 tries in 23 appearances. During the 2005 rugby league season his contract was due to expire at the end of the season and Vainikolo received what he says was "a very big offer" from Gloucester Rugby Club, who play in the leading English rugby union competition the Guinness Premiership. However, Vainikolo declined the offer and decided to remain with the Bradford Bulls until the end of the 2009 Super League season. After signing the contract, Vainikolo's coach at the time, Brian Noble stated "Lesley is a world-class player and was in big demand from both union and league clubs. To manage to keep him in rugby league says a lot for the sport and also the Bradford Bulls." At the end of the 2005 season, Vainikolo had scored a remarkable 112 tries in 105 appearances for the Bulls. He played for the Bradford Bulls on the wing, scoring aa try in their 2005 Super League Grand Final victory against Leeds Rhinos
As Super League champions Bradford faced National Rugby League premiers Wests Tigers in the 2006 World Club Challenge. Vainikolo played on the wing in the Bulls' 30-10 victory.
On 15 May 2007, it was confirmed by Bradford Bulls that he was to leave the club and join Union side Gloucester Rugby Club. Vainikolo spoke about his move saying: "First and foremost I want to take this opportunity to thank everyone connected with Bradford Bulls – including my team-mates, the staff and all the supporters – for making the last five years so memorable. "Bradford is my home and I know I'll be back. I'm determined to go out on a high and want to contribute as much as possible over the next six weeks before I make the switch." His last match at Odsal was on 17 June 2007 against Hull, a 34–8 win. Hooker Terry Newton took the limelight with four tries but Vainikolo was allowed a parting shot when he was given the chance to convert a last minute try from regular goal-kicker Paul Deacon; the first shot of his career and his only two-point score for Bradford Bulls. Vainikolo's last match in Super League was against the Bulls' rivals Leeds Rhinos at Headingley on 29 June 2007, he scored the opening try in a 38–14 win for the Bulls, leaving his Bradford Bulls career statistics at 152 games, 149 tries and 1 goal. In August 2007, he was named in Bradford's Team of the Century.
International Rugby League career.
Vainikolo made his first international appearance for the New Zealand national rugby league team in 1998. He has scored fourteen tries in twelve appearances for his nation, including nine tries in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup.
He was ruled out of both the 2005 and 2006 Rugby League Tri-Nations series through injury. He has had major surgery on his knees over recent years.
Rugby Union.
Gloucester Rugby.
In 2007, Vainikolo signed a three-year deal with rugby union Premiership side Gloucester who finished top of the Aviva Premiership in 2006/07 season. Gloucester head coach, Dean Ryan, was delighted with the signing of Vainikolo. Vainikolo was the fourth Bradford Bulls Player to have joined rugby union in the last 6 years after Tevita Vaikona joined Saracens, and Henry Paul and former team-mate Karl Pryce who also joined Gloucester Rugby.
Vainikolo scored five tries on his debut for Gloucester against Leeds Carnegie on 16 September 2007. He finished the 07-08 Season joint 4th top try scorer with Worcester wing Miles Benjamin with a total of 9 tries.
France.
Lesley Vainikolo would join the French side La Rochelle on a two-and-a-half-year deal after leaving Gloucester Rugby at the end of the 2011/2012 season.
As of 2013, Vainikolo left La Rochelle as he now plays for Rugby Athletic Club Angerien in Saint-Jean-d'Angély in France, where they compete in Federale 1 the third highest league competition in France.
Barbarians.
Vainikolo was selected for the Barbarians squad and played 2 matches, against a Belgium XV in Brussels, when he scored a try, and against Ireland at Kingsholm Stadium, Gloucester.
International rugby union career.
As a union player, Vainikolo was eligible to play for Tonga by birth, New Zealand by parentage or England by residence. He applied for a British passport and was included in the English squad for the Six Nations Championships in 2008. He qualified under residency rules and has not played representative rugby at any level for Tonga, rejecting the chance to play in the 2007 Rugby World Cup so that he could play for his adopted nation.
He made his debut for England against Wales on 2 February 2008, while his second appearance came for England against Italy in Rome on 10 February 2008. He also played against France, also in the Six Nations on 23 February 2008, Scotland on 8 March 2008 and Ireland on 15 March 2008. So far he has played five test matches and is yet to score a try.
He was dropped by Rob Andrew for the England tour of New Zealand, and was left out of Martin Johnson's Elite Squad for 2008–2009.
GBH charge.
In 2009 Vainikolo was found not guilty after being accused of grievous bodily harm. On 18 December 2008 he was arrested and charged after being accused of assaulting a man in a fight outside a nightclub in Bath.
A spokesman for the Gloucester said Vainikolo had not been suspended and there was "no reason" for the star to miss the next match. The statement also said "Lesley vigorously contests this allegation and, as demonstrated this season, remains completely focused on his rugby and will not allow this matter to distract him". He appeared before the Magistrates Court on 2 January 2009, where he was found not guilty.

</doc>
<doc id="2926666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926666" title="Summercamp">
Summercamp

Alternative rock quartet Summercamp hailed from Santa Barbara, California, United States, where, in 1987, vocalist/guitarists Tim Cullen and Sean McCue met in high school. Another fellow student, bassist Misha Feldmann, joined soon after; and drummer Tony Sevener signed on in 1994, making the line-up complete. With Chris Shaw producing, the band issued their 1997 debut LP, Pure Juice, on Maverick Records. 
They charted with the single “Drawer" in the U.S., while "Should I Walk Away" reached the Top 10 in Japan. 
Summercamp toured the US, Europe and Japan in support of their release, including the second stage of the 1997 Lollapalooza, the 1997 Pukkelpop, and appearing at the very first Fuji Rock Festival in Japan, 1997. The band also toured with Failure, Poster Children, Tonic, and fellow Santa Barbarans, Toad the Wet Sprocket.
Their song "On Her Mind" appeared in the film "BASEketball". Summercamp was also credited on the "" soundtrack with their song "Nowhere Near". Additionally, their songs "Play It By Ear" and "Happy" were featured in the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" episode "Crush".
The band began recording a second album with producer Gil Norton, but it was never released. They broke up in 2000, and members of Summercamp have since toured with Sugarcult and Glen Phillips, among others. Tim Cullen and Sean McCue have released solo albums since disbanding.
Old Man.
On June 1, 1993, Old Man (effectively the first incarnation of Summercamp, featuring Sean McCue, Tim Cullen, Misha Feldmann and Erik Herzog on drums) released a self-titled album, recorded on a TASCAM 38" analog 8-track tape machine at Sean's home in Santa Barbara. Three of the songs on this album ("Should I Walk Away", "The Bright Side" and "Thing of the Past") would resurface on "Pure Juice" four years later. Dean Dinning of Toad the Wet Sprocket plays bass on "Johnny", "Strollin'" and "Time Passes". The album is currently available for download on Sean McCue's website. Under the Summercamp moniker, a different version of the song "Johnny" was released on the 1997 My Records label compilation "Happy Meals: A Smorgasbord of My Favorite Songs".

</doc>
<doc id="2926681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926681" title="Sansol">
Sansol

Sansol is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It is located opposite Torres Del Río, on a hill on the other side of the Linares River.

</doc>
<doc id="2926689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926689" title="Santacara">
Santacara

Santacara is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926690" title="UK Startup Awards">
UK Startup Awards

The UK Startup Awards, sponsored by Natwest, BlackBerry and Business Link, rewards the most successful business start-ups in the UK and is recognised and respected as such throughout the business community. Judges for 2011 included the entrepreneurs Robert Craven, Lara Morgan and Colin Wilkinson.

</doc>
<doc id="2926692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926692" title="Sarriés – Sartze">
Sarriés – Sartze

Sarriés – Sartze is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926697" title="Chapman (magazine)">
Chapman (magazine)

Chapman is a literary magazine based in Edinburgh, Scotland. It has published many Scottish and international authors, including Iain Crichton Smith, Alasdair Gray, Sorley MacLean and Kathleen Raine. It covers new poetry and short fiction, as well as critical essays and reviews.
It was started in 1969 as The Chapman, a pamphlet edited by George Hardie and Walter Perrie. Robert Calder, Joy Hendry and Walter Perrie edited the magazine during 1975. Joy Hendry began editing the title first in conjunction with Perrie, then solo from Issue 16 in 1976. She is the magazine's editor today.
It is variously known as "Chapman magazine", "Chapman: Scotland's Quality Literary Magazine", but "Chapman" is its proper title.

</doc>
<doc id="2926702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926702" title="Sartaguda">
Sartaguda

Sartaguda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926706" title="Dumas House">
Dumas House

Dumas House is a fourteen storey office building constructed in Perth, Western Australia during the 1960s. The building is located close to St Georges Terrace, Kings Park, and Parliament House.
Dumas House was part of the 1955 plan to centralise all WA Government departments near Parliament House, based on the Stephenson-Hepburn Report. Several such plans had been proposed since the late 1920s, but post-World War II State finances and resources were unable to support the proposals. Public Works Department architects G. Finn, E. Van Mens and P. Maidment won a national competition to design the five office buildings that would house the departments. Dumas House was completed in 1965, and was the only building constructed on the site out of the five planned.
Originally called 'Government Building', Dumas House was opened by Premier David Brand on 4 March 1966. Brand's speech at the opening focused on the building's importance to the State:
It is a big building, and I think a handsome one. But this is not the important point at today's ceremony. As I see it, this building is important not only because it provides essential office accommodation of a good standard essential for workers but because it is a symbol of a great era of progress for Western Australia. It is one of the signs of the beginning of a new age of development - aided by science, aided by an unprecedented inflow of capital funds, aided by great enthusiasm for the harnessing of our enormous resources and spurred on by the enterprise of thousands of people, partnerships, groups and companies from one end of the State to the other. I
believe history will look back on the 'sixties as one of the landmarks in the story of our State.
In 1968, the State government scrapped its plans for five office buildings on the site for two reasons: increased traffic caused by the first building was such that the traffic for five buildings would have been unbearable, and politicians believed that five buildings on such a prominent site would give the appearance of 'dominance by the bureaucracy - a "big brother" complex.'
The building was named 'Dumas House' in February 1978, in honour of Sir Russell Dumas, who was the Director of Works and Buildings for the Public Works Department between 1941 and 1953.
Dumas House is an example of the Post-War International style of architecture, with a modular grid building plan, glazed panelling and an open piazza. The International style was adapted for Australian conditions by adding horizontal slabs that project from the sides of the building and provide shade. The building's construction, including fittings, cost $4,900,000. 
The building is owned by the Department of Housing and Works of the Government of Western Australia.
In 1985, consideration was given to the presence of asbestos in the construction of the building Extensive refurbishment of the building was undertaken in 2007
The Perth weather radar used to be housed on its roof.

</doc>
<doc id="2926709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926709" title="CIBC 750 Lawrence">
CIBC 750 Lawrence

CIBC 750 Lawrence is a two tower complex in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, built in the early 1980s. It is part of CIBC's head office operations outside of Commerce Court and the main quarters of CIBC Credit Card Services, including Visa call centres and Visa operations. The Visa call centre is a member of the Steel Workers Union in Toronto. Originally, the union representing those workers was known as UBE Local 2104. UBE meaning Union of Bank Employees. The Visa call centre at 750 is now the only unionized department in CIBC, but at the time of the strike in 1986, the Commerce Court Mail Room, Stationery Department, Mortgage Department, a few branches in downtown Toronto, and the Internal Mail Trucks that transported correspondences within the greater Toronto area were also unionized. Although the Stationery Department, Mortgage Department and the branches did not take part in the strike, they supported the workers. During original negotiations with CIBC, the Mortgage Department broke away from the Union and never joined again. 750 consists of two buildings, one six stories (West) and the other, ten stories (East), built by Toronto-based firm Bregman + Hamann Architects (B+H) in 1981. B+H is the same firm involved in renovations in 2001. Even though CIBC sold off many of their buildings, including Commerce Court, back in the late 1990s...750 Lawrence continues to be owned by CIBC to this day, and is presently managed by Brookfield Johnson Controls for CIBC. It is located in Lawrence Heights across the street from Lawrence Square Shopping Centre and a short walk to Lawrence West subway station. When 750 Lawrence first opened in 1981, it housed CIBC Mortgage Department whick took up 3 floors in the West Tower, CIBC Marketing which took up 2 floors in the East Tower and 1 floor in the West, several smaller departments, and CIBC Dealer Plan department. Dealer Plan had a small parking lot where repossessed cars and small trucks were kept. That same parking lot is known as the Contractors parking lot today. Before 750 was the building you see today, it was a much smaller building that housed the CIBC Stationery Department, which was the CIBC version of Staples or Grant and Toy. 
The West wall of the West Tower was damaged in 2001 by a large fire at a housing development located directly to the west...760 Lawrence. Every window on that West wall was cracked or broken except one.
The building once housed an internal branch for employees. The branch was a sub-unit of the head office branch at Commerce Court. The branch has since closed and renovated as lounges and conference rooms in 2001. Three bank machines in the west wing offer banking options for employees.
Between the two wings is a tree-lined courtyard with benches and used for staff events.
Besides CIBC, the following retailers and/or tenants operate in the building:

</doc>
<doc id="2926710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926710" title="Sesma">
Sesma

Sesma is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926713" title="Sorlada">
Sorlada

Sorlada is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926715" title="Sunbilla">
Sunbilla

Sunbilla is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926717" title="Tafalla">
Tafalla

Tafalla is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Postal code is 31300.
Tafalla is an industrial and agricultural town. It produces beef, mutton, pork and chicken.
History.
There are traces of human presence in the area dating from the Chalcolithic age.
Jurist Florencio García Goyena was born in this town in 1783 and Antonio Azarola y Gresillón, rear admiral of the Spanish Republican Navy was born in Tafalla in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="2926720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926720" title="Tiebas-Muruarte de Reta">
Tiebas-Muruarte de Reta

Tiebas-Muruarte de Reta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926722" title="Intelligent despatch">
Intelligent despatch

Intelligent despatch is an artificial intelligence system that automates and controls the allocation of resources for services. Applications range from courier services to taxi services to emergency services to repair services to battlefield management. An example of an intelligent despatch system is the "Larry" (previously called AIBA for Advanced Information Based Allocation) system pioneered by eCourier or Scurri who use rules based software for automatically selecting the most effective courier and service based on parameters it receives.

</doc>
<doc id="2926723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926723" title="Tirapu">
Tirapu

Tirapu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2926724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2926724" title="Chartered Scientist">
Chartered Scientist

Chartered Scientist (CSci) is a professional qualification in the United Kingdom that is awarded by the Science Council through its Licensed member organisations. Holders of this qualification can use the post-nominal letters CSci.
Chartered scientists are professional scientists who are practising and/or advancing science at the full professional level and are individuals for whom scientific knowledge or practice at that level form an essential element of their role.
The required standard for Chartered Scientist registration is a Masters-level science qualification (or equivalent) with four years of postgraduate work experience.
The standards of the Chartered Scientist designation are upheld by the Science Council’s Registration Authority, whose members are elected representatives from the Licensed Bodies and appointed experts from other areas.
Chartered Science Teacher.
There is a specialist section of the register for scientists whose primary profession is teaching. Those registered are entitled to use the post-nominal CSciTeach. It was developed in 2007 by the Science Council in partnership with the Association for Science Education, and from 2014 is also awarded by the Royal Society of Chemistry.

</doc>
