<doc id="2842765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842765" title="Evil Horde">
Evil Horde

The Evil Horde, more frequently referred to as the Horde, is a group of fictional characters featured in "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe" and "" cartoons, comics and toys. The Horde was introduced to the Masters of the Universe toyline in 1985, but since Filmation was moving on to She-Ra's series, it was decided to make the Horde the lead villains in the new series.
Original minicomics.
Unlike the cartoon's portrayal of a galactic empire in which Hordak is subordinate to the mysterious Horde Prime, the Evil Horde was initially presented as a seemingly small group of formidable creatures of whom Hordak was clearly implied to be the supreme leader. Far less explicitly technological, the initial toys and minicomics depicting the Horde indicated a more mystical background, similar to Skeletor and his Evil Warriors. Indeed, the later cartoon's version of Hordak as Skeletor's former mentor in spite of an apparently inferior command of magic (generally delegating mystical tasks to , although it should be said that Hordak's own "technological" abilities were quite likely magical in origin) makes much more sense in this original minicomic's equivalent of the same mentorship. Here, Hordak is shown to be a sorcerer of equal or greater power than Skeletor, who is just as interested in plundering the mystical treasures of Castle Grayskull as his former pupil.
As originally depicted (and manufactured as a playset), the Horde's base of operations the Fright Zone was an ancient cave-like fort rather than a sprawling tecnolopolis. Technological elements only began to appear in later waves of Horde toys, and their accompanying minicomics depicted further discontinuities with the animated series, such as showing the legions of Horde Trooper robots as a "new" invention (manufactured on Eternia, no less, unlike the cartoon versions which invaded Eternia "two decades" ago), as well as the introduction of later cybernetic characters such as Dragstor, Mosquitor and Mantisaur. Nevertheless, Hordak's primary interest remained in magic and his place as supreme leader of the Horde remained unaltered even in the last minicomics which involved the return of the ancient structure known as The Three Towers of Eternia, something he indicated having helped to build, suggesting either time travel or near immortality on Hordak's part.
1980s cartoon Horde.
In the cartoons, the Evil Horde is a vast, interstellar empire bent on the domination of various worlds across the universe. The centre of the empire is called Hordeworld. The Horde was summoned to Eternia by Morgoth, a giant wizard once imprisoned by the Ancients. The Horde sent a scout ship to Eternia and its crew aided Morgoth in taking control of a few towns and villages. One of these was the home of Teela'Na. To defeat the Horde, Teela'Na was told by an old man about Castle Grayskull. Teela'Na sought Castle Grayskull and became the new Sorceress in order to defeat Morgoth and the Horde. She managed to do so, but was trapped in her position for the rest of her life (At this point, the members of the Horde are unnamed, but their distinctive bat insignia clearly designates them as such).
The Horde scout ship apparently managed to send a message to the Evil Horde's ultimate leader, Horde Prime, because soon, the vile Hordak and his Horde Troopers arrived in full force. While Hordak waged his war against Eternia and the city of Eternos, he took Skeletor under his wing, teaching him what he knew of dark magic. In time, the Royal Soldiers of Eternos and the magic of Castle Grayskull defeated Hordak. However, learning that King Randor and Queen Marlena's twin children both have a special destiny, Hordak and Skeletor kidnapped them. A young Man-At-Arms and Queen Marlena were able to halt the kidnapping of Prince Adam, but Princess Adora was captured. Skeletor, however, was captured by the guards. He then revealed the secret location of the Horde's lair: Snake Mountain.
Man-At-Arms and the Sorceress went to Snake Mountain, but were too late. Hordak had escaped with Princess Adora. Both were then seen on the planet of Etheria. Hordak and his minions captured many kingdoms, the last of which to fall was the kingdom of Bright Moon.
The "She-Ra" series is largely dedicated to the struggle of the Etherian rebels against the occupying force of the Horde. In each episode, Hordak has a new dastardly scheme to either destroy The Great Rebellion or make life worse for Etherians.
Each scheme meets its demise at She-Ra's hand. The comics largely follow this overall story as well, though where the cartoon Hordak has abandoned plans to invade Eternia, save for a few occasions, in the comics he still tries. Sometimes he works with, and sometimes against, Skeletor.
The Horde has bases planet-wide though its main headquarters is Doom Tower located at the centre of the Fright Zone. The Horde possesses vast resources and has a great deal of highly sophisticated technology.
21st century cartoon Horde.
The Horde portrayed in the MYP He-Man and the Masters of the Universe cartoon has much more mysterious characters. The Horde had been a menace on Eternia long before the modern day. Hordak had been the nemesis of King Grayskull. He was also an enemy of King Hiss and defeated his army of Snake Men before putting his sight back on destroying King Grayskull. Upon its final defeat the Horde was sentenced to exile in the timeless dimension of Despondos. While imprisoned, Hordak became more demonic and his power and advice could be channeled through sorcery. By invoking Hordak, Skeletor is able to cast a spell to replace his head with the familiar floating skull. When Skeletor betrays Hordak years later by refusing to release him, Evil-Lyn and Count Marzo step up to the task. However, just as Hordak is about to emerge from Despondos, He-Man stops the spell.
Horde Prime.
Horde Prime is the ruler of the intergalactic Evil Horde. He is only seen surrounded by green smoke. His true form has never been seen. A metallic arm comes out of the cloud of smoke when he is outraged or angered. Horde Prime has a son named Prince Zed who calls Hordak his uncle. This suggests that Horde Prime may have once looked like Hordak before his transformation. He is voiced in the series by Lou Scheimer.
The relationship between Horde Prime and Hordak.
In the mythology of "She-Ra", Horde Prime is the only being with authority over Hordak as well as his Horde inspectors, for he is the intergalactic ruler of the Horde Empire, with control over all Horde regimes. He apparently hails from a world known as Horde World although his exact background has never been revealed. All that has ever been seen of Horde Prime is a gigantic skeletal robotic arm, which suggests he may be some sort of cyborg. He is also said to have two heads. He travels the universe in his ship, the Velvet Glove, keeping watch over the Horde's universal activities. It has been speculated, but never confirmed, that Horde Prime may be Hordak's brother.
The main reason for this comes from the episode "The Peril of Whispering Woods", the first She-Ra episode to allude to Horde Prime. In this episode we see Horde Prime's son, Prince Zed, who addresses Hordak as 'uncle'. This could suggest that Prime is Hordak's brother, but it is also possible that Zed only called him 'uncle' as a friendly term, or he is on Zed's mother's side. However a letter from this episode said "your nephew" stating that Hordak is his uncle but we don't know on which side. How Prince Zed is Horde Prime's son still remains to be seen.
Two UK She-Ra annuals in the mid-1980s state that Hordak is Prime's brother, but these operate within a canon independent of the cartoon and also got Horde Prime's name wrong, referring to him as 'Prime Horde'. The UK He-Man comics state explicitly in one issue that Horde Prime is not Hordak's brother, but again these operate within an independent canon and drew Prime with a completely different appearance from the cartoon.
It has not yet been confirmed whether or not Filmation's writers conceived Prime as Hordak's brother. However, he is referred to as such in the Character Profiles in Disc 6 of the She-Ra Season One DVD set.
Masters of the Universe Classics Hordak's bio describes Hordak as the "second heir of the Horde Empire." This may be referring to Horde Prime. In the MOTUC He-Ro bio, Horde Supreme is referenced. Upon the eventual release of the Horde Prime figure, the figure literally was packaged with two heads (as implied in the Filmation cartoon). One head resembling Hordak, (only in red, with more even more menacing, aged features). The other alternative head, as Horde Prime was depicted in the U.K. comics, (helmeted, with antennae). Perhaps this is suggesting that there has been - or still are - two Horde Primes, or introducing yet another hierarchy to Evil Horde chain-of-command, to the level of Horde Supreme.
Horde Prime's dual heads.
In the episode "For the Want Of A Horse", Grizzlor states that Horde Prime should get matching bowties for each head. somewhat later confirms, in that same episode, that Horde Prime indeed is dual-headed; when asked by Hordak as to what would be a suitable gift for someone who already possesses two of everything. Hordak grants further confirmation by expressing his dismay at being reminded of that fact. How both heads work as one mind still remains to be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="2842782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842782" title="Straldzha">
Straldzha

Straldzha () is a small town in Yambol Province, Southeastern Bulgaria. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Straldzha Municipality. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 6,021 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="2842783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842783" title="Law of abode">
Law of abode

The Law of Abode is a law in Greek mythology that is older than Zeus and all are powerless to revoke. The Law of Abode states that if any food or drink should pass through your lips while in the realm of Hades, then you may not go back above to Earth. You are forever doomed to stay in the underworld.
When Persephone was kidnapped by Hades, she ate six pomegranate seeds. Had she eaten the entire pomegranate (and thus all the seeds), she would have been condemned to the underworld permanently. Because she only ate half, she was forced to stay in Hades for six months of every year. During the other six months, she was reunited with her mother, Demeter, on the surface world.

</doc>
<doc id="2842784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842784" title="Richard Swett">
Richard Swett

Richard Nelson "Dick" Swett (born May 1, 1957) is an American politician from the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
Early life, education and career.
Swett was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania and moved to New Hampshire with his family as a child. He attended Yale University and then became an architect in San Francisco.
Political career.
Swett became active in the Democratic Party and eventually began a political career. He was elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1991 remaining in Congress until 1995.
In the run up to Swett's 1990 campaign, former Governor of New Hampshire Meldrim Thomson, Jr. complained unsuccessfully that listing him on the ballot as "Dick Swett" would be unlawfully misleading, since he was listed as "Lantos-Swett" in the telephone book, voter registration, deed to real property, and business.
Mitt Romney donated $250 to his 1992 campaign. They were fellow Mormons with homes on Lake Winnipesaukee.
In 1994, Swett voted for a bill to ban assault weapons that narrowly passed by two votes in the United States House of Representatives. His stand resulted in numerous threats against his life.
In 1996, Swett ran as the Democratic Party candidate for a seat in the United States Senate from New Hampshire, against incumbent Republican Robert C. Smith, but was narrowly defeated. Smith had established himself as the most conservative Senator from the Northeast, and Bill Clinton's coattails nearly caused his defeat. On the night of the election many American media networks incorrectly projected that Swett had won.
In 1998, Bill Clinton appointed Swett to be United States Ambassador to Denmark. He served in that position until 2001, and then moved back to New Hampshire. Swett and Larry Coben wrote the national energy policy for Senator Joseph Lieberman's 2004 presidential campaign.
Swett returned to the field of architecture, assuming the position of Managing Principal for the Washington office of Leo A. Daly before becoming co-founder and CEO of Climate Prosperity Enterprise Solutions.
Personal life.
Swett is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In 1980, he married Katrina Lantos, daughter of Congressman Tom Lantos, who had previously converted to the LDS Church while a student at Yale.</ref>
They have seven children.

</doc>
<doc id="2842787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842787" title="Gentoo">
Gentoo

Gentoo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842814" title="Nocturia">
Nocturia

Nocturia (derived from Latin "nox, night", and Greek "[τα] ούρα, urine"), also called nycturia (Greek "νυκτουρία"), is defined by the International Continence Society (ICS) as “the complaint that the individual has to wake at night one or more times for voiding.” Its causes are varied and, in many patients, difficult to discern.
In order to diagnose nocturia, the nocturnal urine volume (NUV) of patients must be known. The ICS defines NUV as “the total volume of urine passed between the time the individual goes to bed with the intention of sleeping and the time of waking with the intention of rising.” Thus, NUV excludes the last void before going to bed, but includes the first morning void if the urge to urinate woke the patient. Although every patient does not need treatment, most people seek treatment for severe nocturia, waking up to void more than 2-3 times per night. The amount of sleep a patient gets, and the amount they intend to get, are also considered in a diagnosis
Prevalence.
Studies show that 5-15% of people who are 20-50 years old, 20-30% of people who are 50-70 years old, and 10-50% of people 70+ years old, urinate at least twice a night. Nocturia becomes more common with age. More than 50 percent of men and women over the age of 60 have been measured to have nocturia in many communities. Even more over the age of 80 are shown to experience symptoms of nocturia nightly. Nocturia symptoms also often worsen with age. Although nocturia rates are about the same for both genders, data shows that there is a higher prevalence in younger women than younger men and older men than older women. 
Causes.
The two primary causes of nocturia are hormone imbalances and vesical problems.
Two major hormones that regulate the body’s water level are arginine vasopressin (AVP) and atrial natriuretic hormone (ANH). AVP is an antidiuretic hormone produced in the hypothalamus and stored in and released from the posterior pituitary gland. AVP increases water absorption in the collecting duct systems of kidney nephrons, subsequently decreasing urine production. It is used to regulate hydration levels in the body. ANH, on the other hand, is released by cardiac muscle cells in response to high blood volume. When activated, ANH releases water, subsequently increasing urine production.
Nocturia has four major underlying causes: global polyuria, nocturnal polyuria, bladder storage disorders, or mixed etiology. The first two processes are due to irregular levels of AVP or ANH. The third process is a vesical problem.
Global polyuria.
Global polyuria is the continuous overproduction of urine which is not only limited to sleep hours. Global polyuria occurs in response to increased fluid intake and is defined as urine outputs of greater than 40 mL/kg/24 hours. The common causes of global polyuria are primary thirst disorders such as diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus (DI). DI is caused by irregular water levels in the body. Urination imbalance may lead to polydipsia or excessive thirst to prevent circulatory collapse. Central DI is caused by low levels of AVP that helps regulates water levels. In nephrogenic DI, the kidneys do not respond properly to the normal amount of AVP. Diagnosis of DI can be made by an overnight water deprivation test. This test requires the patient to eliminate fluid intake for a fixed period of time, usually around 8-12 hours. If the first morning void is not highly concentrated, the patient is diagnosed with DI. Central DI usually can be treated with a synthetic replacement of AVP, called desmopressin. Desmopressin is taken to control thirst and frequent urination. Although there is no substitute for nephrogenic DI, it may be treated with careful regulation of fluid intake. 
Nocturnal polyuria.
Nocturnal polyuria is defined as an increase in urine production during the night but with a proportional decrease in daytime urine production that results in a normal 24-hour urine volume. With the 24-hour urine production within normal limits, nocturnal polyuria can be translated to having a nocturnal polyuria index (NPi) greater than 35% of the normal 24-hour urine volume. NPi is calculated simply by dividing NUV by the 24-hour urine volume. Similar to the inability of control urination, a disruption of arginine vasopressin (AVP) levels has been proposed for nocturia. Compared with the normal patients, nocturia patients have a nocturnal decrease in AVP level. Other causes of nocturnal polyuria include diseases such as congestive heart failure, nephritic syndrome and hepatic failure; or lifestyle patterns such as excessive nighttime drinking. The increased airway resistance that is associated with obstructive sleep apnea may also lead to nocturnal polyuria. Obstructive sleep apnea have shown to have increases in renal sodium and water excretion that are mediated by elevated plasma ANH levels. 
Bladder storage.
Bladder storage disorders are defined as any factors that increase the frequency of small volume voids. These factors are usually related to lower urinary tract symptoms that affect the capacity of the bladder. Patients with nocturia who do not have either polyuria or nocturnal polyuria according to the above criteria, will most likely have a bladder storage disorder that reduces their nighttime voided volume or a sleep disorder. Nocturnal bladder capacity (NBC) is defined as the largest voided volume during the sleep period. Decreased NBC can be traced to a decreased maximum voided volume or decreased bladder storage. Decreased NBC can be related to other disorders such as prostatic obstruction, neurogenic bladder dysfunction, learned voiding dysfunction, anxiety disorders, or certain pharmacological agents. 
Mixed etiology.
A significant number of nocturia cases occur from a combination of etiologies. Mixed nocturia is more common than many realize and is a combination of nocturnal polyuria and decreased NBC. In a study of 194 nocturia patients, 7% were determined to have simple nocturnal polyuria, 57% had decreased NBC, and 36% had a mixed etiology of the two. The etiology of nocturia is multifactorial and often unrelated to an underlying urological condition. Mixed nocturia is diagnosed through the maintenance and analysis of bladder diaries of the patient. Assessment of etiology contributions are done through formulas.
Diagnosis.
As with any patient, a detailed history of the problem is required to establish what is normal for the patient and what isn’t. The principal diagnostic tool for nocturia is the voiding bladder diary. Based on information recorded in the diary, a physician can classify the patient as having polyuria, nocturnal polyuria, or bladder storage problems. Timing of voids, number of voids, and volume of urine voided should be recorded in the diary. Volume of fluid intake and time of intake should also be recorded. Patients should include the first morning void in the NUV, however, the first morning void is not included with the number of nightly voids.
Management.
Lifestyle changes.
Although there is no cure for nocturia, there are many actions people can take to manage their symptoms. Prohibiting the intake of caffeine and alcohol has helped some individuals with the disorder. Compression stockings may be worn through the day to prevent fluid from accumulating in the legs, causing less urinary output, unless their use is contraindicated due to heart failure. Drugs that increase the passing of urine can help decrease the third spacing of fluid, but they could also increase nocturia. A common action patients take is to not consume any fluids hours before bedtime, which especially helps people with urgency incontinence. However, a study on this showed that it reduced voiding at night by only a small amount and is not ideal for managing nocturia in older people. For people suffering from nocturnal polyuria, this action does not help at all because of irregular AVP levels and the inability to respond with the inhibition of increased voiding. Fluid restriction also does not help people who have nocturia due to gravity-induced third spacing of fluid because fluid is mobilized when they lie in a reclining position.
Surgery.
If the cause of nocturia is related to the obstruction of the prostate or an overactive bladder, surgical actions may be sought out. Transurethral prostatectomy/incision of the prostate and surgical correction of the pelvic organ prolapse, sacral nerve stimulation, clam cystoplasty, and detrusor myectomy are both treatment options and can help alleviate the symptoms of nocturia.
Pharmacotherapy.
Desmopressin is a synthetic replacement for AVP, which is widely used for the treatment of many disorders including nocturnal enuresis and coagulation disorders. It is slowly becoming accepted as the drug needed to treat nocturia. Clinical trials testing desmopressin on nocturia patients showed that 33% of men and 46% of women treated with the drug reported a significant reduction in the number of episodes per night. Overall, the number of episodes a night and the amount of time between each episode changed significantly in favor of the patients who took desmopressin over the placebo. Also, for the patients that took the drug, many of the negative impacts of nocturia were relieved. The longer the patients were on desmopressin, the more that reported a positive effect of the drug. The only substantial negative of taking the drug seen in the trials was dilutional hyponatremia. Using this treatment in older patients and patients at risk for hyponatremia means having to monitor the serum sodium concentration because there are severe risks if the concentration falls. The treatment could also induce hyponatremia in patients who are not initially at risk for it. 
Other drugs that are often used to treat nocturia include oxybutynin, tolterodine, solifenacin, and other antimuscarinic agents. These drugs are especially used in patients who suffer from nocturia due to an overactive bladder and urgency incontinence because they help bladder contractility.
Impact.
Although nocturia is little-known to the general public, some research suggests that more than 60% of people are negatively affected by it. The resulting insomnia and sleep deprivation can cause exhaustion, changes in mood, sleepiness, impaired productivity, fatigue, increased risk of accidents, and cognitive dysfunction. 25% of falls that older individuals experience happen during the night, of which 25% occur while waking up to void.In addition, nocturia may also increase risk of mortality and morbidity.
A quality of life test for people who experience nocturia was published in 2004. The pilot study was conducted only on men.

</doc>
<doc id="2842822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842822" title="Consuelo (novel)">
Consuelo (novel)

Consuelo is a novel by George Sand, first published serially in 1842-1843 in "La Revue indépendante", a periodical founded in 1841 by Sand, Pierre Leroux and Louis Viardot. According to the Nuttall Encyclopædia, it is "[Sand's] masterpiece; the impersonation of the triumph of moral purity over manifold temptations."
The character of Consuelo was supposedly modeled after Louis Viardot's wife, the soprano Pauline Viardot. Pauline Viardot was a good friend of both Sand's and of her lover, Frédéric Chopin.
First sentence.
«Oui, oui, Mesdemoiselles, hochez la tête tant qu'il vous plaira; la plus sage et la meilleure d'entre vous, c'est ... Mais je ne veux pas le dire; car c'est la seule de ma classe qui ait de la modestie, et je craindrais, en la nommant, de lui faire perdre à l'instant même cette rare vertu que je vous souhaite... Lalala» 
"Go on then, young ladies, shake your heads at me, but I'll tell you this... the best behaved and the cleverest girl among you is... — no, I won't tell you who, because she is the only one of my class who has any modesty. I am afraid that if I pointed her out here, she would instantly lose that rare virtue. It is one that I wish the rest of you had more of... Lalala" —
Theatrical treatments.
Two operas are based on this novel:

</doc>
<doc id="2842826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842826" title="PW-5">
PW-5

__NOTOC__
The Politechnika Warszawska PW-5 "Smyk" (Polish: "Little rascal") is a single seater sailplane designed at the Warsaw University of Technology (Polish: "Politechnika Warszawska") and manufactured in Poland. It is a monotype World Class glider.
Development.
The PW-5 was designed for, and won a competition held by the International Gliding Commission for a simple, low cost sailplane that would form the basis for a new competition class, the IGC World Class. Unlike other soaring competition classes, the World Class designation would guarantee that all pilots participated on an equal footing, and that pilots could not gain advantage by spending large amounts of money. The PW-5 was unanimously chosen from 42 design proposals in IGC international World Class design competition. In November 1989, the IGC issued a worldwide call for proposals. By February 1990, it had received 84 requests for design specifications from 25 countries. By August 1990, the IGC had received 42 design proposals from 20 countries. In September 1990, after reviewing the proposals, many of which came with models, the IGC recommended that 11 designs from 9 countries proceed to the prototype competition. In October 1992, the IGC inspected and tested 6 prototypes from 5 countries at Oerlinghausen Germany. After further review and collecting manufacturing data, in spring 1993 the IGC declared the PW-5, designed by a faculty/student team at Warsaw University of Technology, the first World Class glider.
The glider was designed at the Faculty of Power and Aeronautical Engineering of the Warsaw University of Technology under the supervision of Roman Świtkiewicz. It was originally built by PZL at its factory in Świdnik and first flew in 1993. By the end of 2000 the new private company PZL-Bielsko1 was established by the original members of the design team from Warsaw University of Technology and the DWLKK company. A new factory at Bielsko produced a modified version of PW-5 glider called B1-PW-5.
It did not sell as well as expected. In total fewer than 200 PW-5s have been built, though over 70 have been exported to the United States, where there is a keen following.
Variants.
There are presently two versions of the PW-5. The Bielsko version, identified as B1 PW-5, has a few safety- and performance-related improvements:
There is a project in progress for building a motorglider designated PW-5M based on the PW-5.
The PW-5 has a two-seater derivative, the PW-6.

</doc>
<doc id="2842833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842833" title="Night Attack (album)">
Night Attack (album)

Night Attack is the fifth album by Australian band The Angels, it was released in 1981. It had its domestic release under their own name by Liberation Music. The album peaked at #11 on the National albums chart. For the 1982 American release of "Night Attack" by Epic Records, they used the band name Angel City.
In June 2002, Shock Records issued "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983". The 4-CD box set included remasters of "Dark Room" (9 bonus tracks), "Night Attack" (9 bonus tracks), "Watch The Red" (5 bonus tracks) and "The Blow" (2-CD set). In June 2006, Liberation Music re-issued "Night Attack" from "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983".
Background.
The Angels had signed an international contract with CBS Records and released "Face to Face" in March 1980, on the Epic label. The band named itself Angel City, for international releases, to avoid legal problems with the Casablanca Records' act Angel. "Dark Room" was released in June 1980, with the international version having different tracks. In March 1981, drummer Graham Bidstrup left the band and was replaced by New Zealander Brent Eccles. The "Never so Live" EP, was issued in October, and the new single "Fashion and Fame" followed. In November 1981 "Night Attack", which also included "Fashion and Fame", produced by Ed Thacker, John Brewster and Rick Brewster, was released.
The band's third international album, "Night Attack" included a remixed version of "Back On You", previously only available on the flipside of the "Into The Heat" single. Early in 1982, it became apparent Chris Bailey would be unable to tour with the band in the US; American Jim Hilbun was recruited as his replacement.
In June 2002, Shock Records issued "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983". The 4-CD box set included remasters of "Dark Room" (9 bonus tracks), "Night Attack" (9 bonus tracks), "Watch The Red" (5 bonus tracks) and "The Blow" (2-CD set). In June 2006, Liberation Music re-issued "Night Attack" from "The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983". The album artwork was done by Helen (Nay) Jackson, Jana Hartig and Peach with help from Doc Neeson himself, at CBS Records Australia, 1981. 
Track listing.
All tracks written by John Brewster (as John Brewster-Jones), Rick Brewster (as Richard Brewster-Jones), Doc Neeson (as Bernard Neeson) unless otherwise indicated.
Australian 1981 release
Bonus Tracks on 2002 Shock Records release
US 1982 release
Personnel.
The Angels / Angel City members
Recording details
Art work

</doc>
<doc id="2842834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842834" title="Streptococcus agalactiae">
Streptococcus agalactiae

Streptococcus agalactiae (also known as Group B streptococcus or GBS) is a beta-hemolytic Gram-positive streptococcus.
Identification.
The CAMP test is an important test for identification. GBS (group B Streptococcus species) are screened through this test.
It is characterized by the presence of group B Lancefield antigen and by its ability to hydrolyze sodium hippurate.
It is also sensitive to bile, and will lyse in its presence.
"S. agalactiae's" polysaccharide antiphagocytic capsule is its main virulence factor.
Clinical significance.
"S. agalactiae" is a member of the gastrointestinal normal flora in some humans and can spread to secondary sites - genitourinary tract of women 20-30%. This is of clinical importance: "S. agalactiae" can be transferred to a neonate passing through the birth canal and can cause serious group B streptococcal infection. In the western world, "S. agalactiae" is the major cause of bacterial septicemia of the newborn, which can lead to death or long-term sequelae. "S. agalactiae" invades via alveolar and pulmonary epithelial cells; newborns are especially susceptible to infection because they lack alveolar macrophages to prevent invasion. Newborn GBS disease is separated into early-onset disease occurring on living days 0–7 and late-onset disease which starts on days 7–90. Early-onset septicemia is more prone to be accompanied by pneumonia, while late-onset septicemia is more often accompanied by meningitis. "S. agalactiae" neonatal meningitis doesn't present with the hallmark sign of adult meningitis, a stiff neck; rather, it presents with nonspecific symptoms, such as fever, vomiting and irritability, and can consequently lead to late diagnosis. Hearing loss can be a long-term sequela of GBS-meningitis. Infection with GBS is the cause of some instances of stillbirth.
"S. agalactiae" is present in up to one-third of women of childbearing age, and 1.8 cases per 1000 live births will be affected by group B streptococcal infection. In the elderly or persons with compromised immune systems, septicemia or other serious infections are seen. This can also occur during pregnancy or maternity.
Prevention.
There is no reliable way to prevent newborn disease, currently; however, prophylactic treatment with antibiotics (typically intravenous penicillin) during delivery can prevent early-onset disease. Vaccination of adolescent women is considered an ideal solution; though research for the development of such a vaccine is underway, a good candidate vaccine has yet to surface.
Different western countries use different strategies to select which women in labor are most likely to need antibiotics.
Nonhuman infections.
"S.agalactiae" has been found in many animals such as camels, dogs, cats, crocodiles, seals and dolphins.
Cattle.
"S.agalactiae" was recognised as a pathogen in cattle before the Second World War. Its significance as human pathogen was not discovered before the 1950s. In cattle it causes mastitis, an infection of the udder. It can either give acute, febrile disease or sub-acute, more chronic disease. Both lead to diminishing milk production (hence its name: agalactiae meaning "no milk"). Outbreaks in herds are common. This is of major significance for the dairy industry and programs to reduce the impact of "S.agalactiae" disease have been enforced in many countries over at least the last 30–40 years.
Other animals.
Fisheries and wildlife officers from Queensland, Australia, have been investigating the deaths of more than 50 grouper fish, between 2008 and 2010, that have washed up dead on beaches in the north of the state. The fish had been infected with "S. agalactiae".

</doc>
<doc id="2842873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842873" title="Battle of Bushy Run">
Battle of Bushy Run

The Battle of Bushy Run was fought on August 5-6, 1763, in western Pennsylvania, between a British column under the command of Colonel Henry Bouquet and a combined force of Delaware, Shawnee, Mingo, and Huron warriors. This action occurred during Pontiac's Rebellion. Though the British suffered serious losses, they routed the tribemen and successfully relieved the garrison of Fort Pitt.
The battle.
In July 1763, a relief column of 500 British soldiers, including the 42nd Highlanders, 60th Royal Americans, and 77th Highlanders, left Carlisle, Pennsylvania, to relieve Fort Pitt, then under siege. Indian scouts observed Bouquet's army marching west along Forbes Road and reported this to the Indians surrounding Fort Pitt. On August 5, at about 1:00 pm, a part of the force investing Fort Pitt ambushed the British column one mile east of Bushy Run Station, at Edge Hill. The British managed to hold their ground until after sunset, when the natives withdrew. Bouquet ordered a redoubt constructed on Edge Hill, and the British placed their wounded and livestock in the center of the perimeter.
According to one account, the allied tribes attacked in the morning, but were themselves ambushed by the sentries relieved from their evening duty. With the surprise attack of the sentries, from a flank, and a frontal assault by the main British column, the outnumbered Indians fled in a disorganized retreat.
A second account holds that the warriors attacked in the morning and "redoubled their efforts to break the British line." As the tribesmen became bolder, Bouquet realized the combat was nearing a crisis. Determined to lure his attackers close enough to maim them, the British leader deliberately weakened one section of his line. Spotting the gap in the enemy defenses, the native warriors rushed forward. Instead, the British soldiers fired a volley in their faces and "made terrible havock" with the bayonet. The surviving warriors fled and were unable to rally.
Having dispersed its attackers, Bouquet's column headed to Bushy Run, a mile along the Forbes road, where there was badly needed water. The battle has since been attributed to the Bushy Run location, despite the main fighting taking place in Edge Hill. Bouquet then marched to the relief of Fort Pitt.
Aftermath.
The battle cost the lives of 50 British soldiers, including 29 of the 42nd Highlanders, seven of the 1/60th Royal Americans, six of the 77th Highlanders, and eight Civilians and volunteers. The confederacy of the Delaware, Shawnee, Mingo, and Huron suffered an unknown number of casualties, which includes two prominent Delaware chiefs; estimates by contemporaries placed the total Indian loss at about 60. The warrior Killbuck later told Sir William Johnson that only 110 Indians were engaged. Bouquet estimated he fought an equal number as his own force. One contemporary report claimed 20 Indians were killed and many more wounded. The battle invoked "widespread relief on the frontier", since the Indians had been defeated on their own ground.
The site of the battle is now Bushy Run Battlefield Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2842885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842885" title="Francis Vere">
Francis Vere

Sir Francis Vere (c.1560 – 18 August 1609) was an English soldier, famed for his military career in the Low Countries.
Family.
Francis Vere, born about 1560, was the second son of Geoffrey Vere of Crepping Hall, Essex, a younger son of John de Vere, 15th Earl of Oxford, and Elizabeth Trussell. His mother was Elizabeth Hardekyn (d. December 1615), daughter of Richard Hardekyn (d.1558) of Wotton House near Castle Hedingham. He had three brothers, John Vere (c.1558 – 1624) of Kirby Hall near Castle Hedingham, Robert Vere (b. 1562), and Sir Horatio Vere (b. 1565), and a sister, Frances Vere (born 1567), who married, as his second wife, the colonial adventurer and author Sir Robert Harcourt (1574/5–1631), of Nuneham on 20 March 1598.
Military career.
The young Francis Vere first went on active service under Leicester in 1585, and was soon in the thick of the war raging in the Low Countries. At the siege of Sluys he greatly distinguished himself under Sir Roger Williams and Sir Thomas Baskerville.
In 1588 he was in the garrison of Bergen op Zoom, which delivered itself from the besiegers by its own good fighting, and was knighted by Lord Willoughby on the field of battle.
In the next year Sir Francis became sergeant major-general of the English troops in the Low Countries, and soon afterwards the chief command devolved upon him. This position he retained during fifteen campaigns, with almost unbroken success. Working in close cooperation with the Dutch forces under Maurice of Nassau, he helped to step by step secure the country for the cause of independence. The future prominent dramatist and poet Ben Jonson served as a volunteer under his command.
Vere won the reputation of being one of the best English soldiers of the day. His troops acquired a cohesion and a training based on the Dutch model fitting them to face the best Spanish troops, and his camp became the fashionable training-ground of all aspiring English soldiers, amongst others not only his younger brother Horace, but men of such note as Ferdinando (Lord) Fairfax, Gervase Markham and Captain Myles Standish. He was elected Member of Parliament for Leominster in 1593.
Sir Francis served in the Cádiz expedition of 1596, made an important contribution to the victory of Turnhout in 1597 and in 1598 was entrusted with the negotiation of the treaty whereby the Anglo-Dutch alliance was revised; for himself he obtained the governorship of Brill and the rank of general.
The culminating point of his career came when, in 1600, on the advice of Oldenbarnevelt, the States General decided to carry the war into the enemy's country. In the Battle of Nieuwpoort (2 July 1600), one of the most desperately contested battles of the age, Maurice of Nassau, with support by Vere, completely defeated the veteran Spanish troops of the archduke Albert. This was followed by the celebrated defense of Ostend from July 1601 to Marchn 1602. Vere came back to England in 1602, but the remaining English troops kept fighting side by side with the Dutch until the surrender of the garrison in September 1604. Vere returned to Holland with more troops in 1602 and with Maurice laid siege to the Spanish garrison at Grave but before that place surrendered he was injured under the right eye. He recovered after six months in Ryswick, was again on active service with the Dutch throughout 1603-04 and continued with the governorship of Brill.
Retirement.
When James I made peace with Spain in 1604, Vere retired from active service and spent the remainder of his days in country life in England, occupying himself with the compilation of his "Commentaries of the Divers Pieces of Service" that he had taken part in (which remained in manuscript form until 1657; reprinted in Arbers "English Garner", 1883).
Vere spent a great deal of time visiting his friend, Sir Julius Caesar in Mitcham in Surrey, on the road from London to Nonsuch. Caesar was on his second marriage to Alice Dent and she had a daughter from a previous marriage - Elizabeth Dent. During these visits he quickly became enamoured with Elizabeth. They fell in love - which was rare in those times - and Caesar consented to a marriage. Since Elizabeth’s sister was also engaged, Caesar arranged a grand wedding for his stepdaughters on 26 October 1607. Vere received a dowry of £2,000 and settled property on her for life. She was 16 and he was 52. They were married for 22 months before his death but there is no record of any children.
Westminster Abbey.
He died 28 August 1609 - soon after the signing of the Twelve Years' Truce which in practice recognized the independence of the United Provinces - and was buried in Westminster Abbey in the chapel of St John the Evangelist. Francis has a large monument of alabaster and black marble showing him lying on a carved rush mattress in civilian dress under a slab on which is laid out his suit of armour. The slab is supported on the shoulders of four life-sized knights in armour who kneel at each corner. The monument seems to have been inspired by that of Count Engelbert II of Nassau-Dillenburg in the church at Breda. The Latin inscription can be translated:
To Francis Vere, Knight, son of Geoffrey and nephew of John earl of Oxford, governor of Brill and Portsmouth, chief leader of the English forces in Belgium, died 28 August 1609, in the 54th year of his age. Elizabeth, his wife, in great sadness and sobbing with tears, placed this supreme monument to conjugal faith and love.

</doc>
<doc id="2842909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842909" title="Penelope Milford">
Penelope Milford

Penelope Milford (born March 23, 1948) is an American actress.
Personal life.
Penelope Dale Milford was born March 23rd, 1948 in St. Louis, Missouri and grew up in Illinois. She was the daughter of Richard George Milford (1917-1983) and Anne Marie (Felt) Milford (1921-2008). She graduated from New Trier High School, located on the outskirts of Chicago in Winnetka, Illinois. She has two brothers, Kim Milford (1951-1988) who was also an actor, and Doug Milford, who is involved in the art industry. Penelope currently lives in Saugerties, New York where she is active in community outreach. 
Theatre.
In 1972 Milford joined the Broadway cast of the play "Lenny", about the life of actor Lenny Bruce. In 1974 she was cast as Jenny Anderson in the musical "Shenandoah", based on the Oscar nominated 1965 film of the same name in which her role was played by Rosemary Forsyth. Shenandoah opened on Broadway on January 7th, 1975 and was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Musical. For her performance, Milford was nominated for the first Drama Desk Award for Best Featured Actress, losing to her co-star Donna Theodore. 
Off-Broadway in 1971, Penelope starred as Judith opposite Richard Gere in "Long Time Coming and a Long Time Gone", a musical about artist Richard Fariña. Penelope has appeared in "Felix" (1974), "Fishing" (1981) by Michael Weller, and "Territorial Rites" (1983). She has also performed in a revue show called "The Second Hottest Show in Town."
In 2013, Penelope played the role of Deborah in the Harold Pinter play "A Kind of Alaska" at the Cocoon Theatre in Rhinebeck, New York. 
Television.
Her first television appearance was on a 1976 episode of "The Blue Knight". In 1980, Milford starred in "Seizure: The Story of Kathy Morris", as Kathy Morris. Also in 1980 she co-starred in the Emmy Award winning television movie "The Oldest Living Graduate" starring Henry Fonda and Cloris Leachman. In 1982 she starred opposite Sondra Locke in the Jackie Cooper directed Emmy Award winning television film "Rosie: The Rosemary Clooney Story". In this film she played Betty Clooney, the sister of Rosemary Clooney. In 1984, Penelope appeared in the Golden Globe award winning television movie "The Burning Bed" starring Farrah Fawcett. In 1985 she guest starred on an episode of "The Hitchhiker". 
Film.
Penelope's first film appearance was as an extra on the Norman Mailer film " Maidstone" (1970). In 1974 she appeared in the film "Man on a Swing" starring Elizabeth Wilson. She next played a fictional actress named Lorna Sinclair in Ken Russell's BAFTA nominated 1977 film "Valentino", about the life of actor Rudolph Valentino. In 1978 she was cast as Vi Munson in " Coming Home". In the film she plays a young woman dealing with the effects of war on those around her alongside her friend Sally (Jane Fonda). The film was nominated for many Academy Award's, including Best Picture, Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress for Milford. In 1980 she appeared in the film "The Last Word" also starring Karen Black. She plays a supporting role in the 1981 film " Take This Job and Shove It", starring Barbara Hershey and also in 1981 appears in the Franco Zeffirelli Oscar nominated" Endless Love", starring Brooke Shields and Shirley Knight. In 1982 she starred alongside Michael Moriarty and Geraldine Fitzgerald in the horror film "Blood Link" and then starred in the 1983 adventure film "The Golden Seal". 
After this time her film appearances became less frequent, not showing up again until the 1989 cult film Heathers starring Winona Ryder. Her last few films include "Cold Justice" (1989), "Miss Missouri" (1990), "Normal Life" (1996) starring Ashley Judd, "" (1996) and "Night of the Lawyers" (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="2842910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842910" title="Alcohol and cancer">
Alcohol and cancer

Alcohol is associated with an increased risk of a number of cancers. 3.6% of all cancer cases and 3.5% of cancer deaths worldwide are attributable to consumption of alcohol. Breast cancer in women is linked with alcohol intake. Alcohol also increases the risk of cancers of the mouth, esophagus, pharynx and larynx, colorectal cancer, liver cancer, stomach and ovaries.
Mortality from alcohol-related cancers.
Australia: A 2009 study found that 2,100 Australians die from alcohol-related cancer each year.
Europe: A 2011 study found that one in 10 of all cancers in men and one in 33 in women were caused by past or current alcohol intake.
Alcohol as a carcinogen and cocarcinogen.
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (Centre International de Recherche sur le Cancer) of the World Health Organization has classified alcohol as a Group 1 carcinogen. Its evaluation states, "There is sufficient evidence for the carcinogenicity of alcoholic beverages in humans. …Alcoholic beverages are carcinogenic to humans (Group 1)."
Mechanisms.
Acetaldehyde.
Acetaldehyde is produced by the liver as it breaks down ethanol. The liver then normally eliminates 99% of the acetaldehyde. An average liver can process 7 grams of ethanol per hour. For example, it takes 12 hours to eliminate the ethanol in a bottle of wine, giving 12 hours or more of acetaldehyde exposure.
A study of 818 heavy drinkers found that those who are exposed to more acetaldehyde than normal through a defect in the gene for alcohol dehydrogenase are at greater risk of developing cancers of the upper gastrointestinal tract and liver.
There are many associations between alcohol drinking and different types of cancer. Data that is based from 2009, there were about 3.5 percent of cancer deaths in the U.S. alone because of alcohol drinking.
Reviews.
In a review, Pöschl and Seitz list some possible mechanisms of alcohol as a carcinogen:
Purohita "et al." propose an overlapping list:
Boffetta and Hashibe list plausible mechanisms as including:
Individuals who both smoke and drink are at a much higher risk of developing mouth, tracheal, and esophageal cancer. Research has shown their risk of developing these cancers is 35 times higher than in individuals who neither smoke nor drink. This evidence may suggest that there is a cocarcinogenic interaction between alcohol and tobacco-related carcinogens.
Epithelial-mesenchymal transition.
The word alcohol means ethanol, which is a chemical substance found in beer, wine, and liquor. When alcohol is left alone it is produced by the fermentation of sugars and starches by yeast. A study found that alcohol stimulates the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), in which ordinary cancer cells change into a more aggressive form and begin to spread throughout the body.
Effect of alcohol on the progress of cancer when established.
A study of the influence of alcohol intake on tumor growth of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in patients with type C cirrhosis, found that alcohol influenced tumor volume doubling time (TVDT).
A study of chick embryos suggests that alcohol stimulates their tumor growth by fueling the production of a growth factor that stimulates blood vessel development in tumors. A 2006 study in mice showed moderate drinking resulted in larger and stronger tumors via a process known as angiogenesis.
A study where high amounts of alcohol were given to mice suggests that it accelerates their cancer growth by speeding up the loss of body fat and depressing immune activity.
Genetic variation and cancer risk.
A study found that "the ADH1C*1 allele and genotype ADH1C*1/1 were significantly more frequent in patients with alcohol-related cancers…" A European study has found two gene variants which offer "significant" protection against mouth and throat cancers. Alcohol is a known porphyrinogenic chemical. Several European studies have linked the inherited hepatic porphyrias with a predisposition to hepatocellular carcinoma. Typical risk factors for HCC need not be present with the acute hepatic porphyrias, specifically acute intermittent porphyria, variegate porphyria and hereditary coproporphyria. Porphyria cutanea tarda is also associated with HCC, but with typical risk factors including evidence of hepatotropic viruses, hemochromatosis and alcoholic cirrhosis. Tyrosinemia Type I, an inherited disorder in tyrosine metabolism impacting the second enzyme in the heme metabolic pathway is associated with a high risk of developing HCC in younger populations, including children.
Risk factor for specific cancers.
Moderate consumption increases risk.
A study found that, "Increasing but moderate alcohol consumption in women was determined to be associated with an increased risk of cancers of the oral cavity and pharynx, esophagus, larynx, rectum, breast, and liver…"
Cancers of the mouth, esophagus, pharynx, and larynx.
Alcohol is a risk factor for cancers of the mouth, esophagus, pharynx and larynx. The U.S. National Cancer Institute states "Drinking alcohol increases the risk of cancers of the mouth, esophagus, pharynx, larynx, and liver in men and women, … In general, these risks increase after about one daily drink for women and two daily drinks for men. (A drink is defined as 12 ounces of regular beer, 5 ounces of wine, or 1.5 ounces of 80-proof liquor.) … Also, using alcohol with tobacco is riskier than using either one alone, because it further increases the chances of getting cancers of the mouth, throat, and esophagus."
The International Head and Neck Cancer Epidemiology (INHANCE) Consortium co-ordinated a meta-study on the issue. A study looking at laryngeal cancer and beverage type concluded, "This study thus indicates that in the Italian population characterized by frequent wine consumption, wine is the beverage most strongly related to the risk of laryngeal cancer."
A review of the epidemiological literature published from 1966 to 2006 concluded that:
A study concluded that for every additional drink regularly consumed per day, the incidence of oral cavity and pharynx cancers increases by 1 per 1000. The incidence of cancers of the esophagus and larynx increase by 0.7 per 1000.
A 2008 study suggests that acetaldehyde (a breakdown product of alcohol) is implicated in oral cancer.
Breast cancer.
Alcohol is a risk factor for breast cancer in women.
A woman drinking an average of two units of alcohol per day has an 8% higher risk of developing breast cancer than a woman who drinks an average of one unit of alcohol per day. A study concluded that for every additional drink regularly consumed per day, the incidence of breast cancer increases by 11 per 1000. Approximately 6% (between 3.2% and 8.8%) of breast cancers reported in the UK each year could be prevented if drinking was reduced to a very low level (i.e. less than 1 unit/week).
Recurrence.
Moderate to heavy consumption of alcoholic beverages (at least three to four drinks per week) is associated with a 1.3-fold increased risk of the recurrence of breast cancer.
Colorectal cancer.
Drinking may be a cause of earlier onset of colorectal cancer. The evidence that alcohol is a cause of bowel cancer is convincing in men and probable in women.
The National Institutes of Health, the National Cancer Institute, Cancer Research, the American Cancer Society, the Mayo Clinic, and the Colorectal Cancer Coalition, American Society of Clinical Oncology and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center list alcohol as a risk factor.
A WCRF panel report finds the evidence "convincing" that alcoholic drinks increase the risk of colorectal cancer in men at consumption levels above 30 grams of absolute alcohol daily. The National Cancer Institute states, "Heavy alcohol use may also increase the risk of colorectal cancer"
One study found that "While there was a more than twofold increased risk of significant colorectal neoplasia in people who drink spirits and beer, people who drank wine had a lower risk. In our sample, people who drank more than eight servings of beer or spirits per week had at least a one in five chance of having significant colorectal neoplasia detected by screening colonoscopy.".
The EPIC study suggests that "people who drink 15 grams of alcohol a day– equivalent to about two units– have about a 10 percent increased risk of bowel cancer. Those who drank more than 30 grams of alcohol– equivalent to three to four units which is less than a couple of pints of strong lager– increased their bowel cancer risk by around 25 per cent."
A study found, "The proportion of patients with adenomas was 29.6% in abstainers, 22.1% in moderate drinkers, and 36.7% in heavy drinkers." It concluded "Consumption of less than seven alcohol drinks per week does not increase the risk of having a colorectal adenoma. We found evidence in this study that moderate alcohol consumption among long-term smokers may potentially decrease the risk of an adenoma compared to abstainers."
A Japanese study concluded, "One fourth of colorectal cancer cases in men were attributable to an alcohol intake of ≥23 g/day."
A study concluded that for every additional drink regularly consumed per day, the incidence of rectal cancer increases by 1 per 1000.
Liver cancer.
Alcohol is a risk factor for liver cancer, through cirrhosis. "Cirrhosis results from scar formation within the liver, most commonly due to chronic alcohol use."
"Approximately 5 percent of people with cirrhosis develop liver cancer. Cirrhosis is a disease that develops when liver cells are replaced with scar tissue after damage from alcohol abuse, …"
The NIAAA reports that "Prolonged, heavy drinking has been associated in many cases with primary liver cancer." However, it is liver cirrhosis, whether caused by alcohol or another factor, that is thought to induce the cancer."
"The chances of getting liver cancer increase markedly with five or more drinks per day" (NCI). 
A study concluded that for every additional drink regularly consumed per day, the incidence of liver cancer increases by 0.7 per 1000.
In the United States, liver cancer is relatively uncommon, afflicting approximately 2 people per 100,000, but excessive alcohol consumption is linked to as many as 36% of these cases by some investigators "Overall, 61% of HCC were attributable to HCV C virus, 13% to HBV B virus, and 18% to heavy alcohol drinking." A study in the province of Brescia, northern Italy concluded, "On the basis of population attributable risks (AR), heavy alcohol intake seems to be the single most relevant cause of HCC in this area (AR: 45%), followed by HCV (AR: 36%), and HBV (AR: 22%) infection."
Lung cancer.
Alcohol intake of more than 2 drinks per day is associated with a small increased risk of lung cancer. Commenting on a study by Freudenheim "et al.", R. Curtis Ellison MD writes, "This study, like others, suggests a weak, positive association between consuming larger amounts of alcohol (>2 drinks a day) and lung cancer risk."
Melanoma.
High alcohol intake is associated with the development of malignant melanoma.
Stomach cancer.
"Statistically significant increases in risk also existed for cancers of the stomach, colon, rectum, liver, female breast, and ovaries."
"While alcohol has been extensively studied as a cause of stomach cancer there is no conclusive evidence that it increases risk. However, results from at least three studies suggest that heavy alcohol consumption may increase the risk of stomach cancer in heavy smokers."
A Taiwanese study concluded, "…cigarette smoking may play the most harmful role in the initial development of gastric cancer, and that drinking alcohol may promote the process."
A Norwegian study found that, "No statistically significant associations between various degrees of exposure to alcohol and risk of gastric cancer was revealed, but combined high use of cigarettes (>20/day) and alcohol (>5 occasions/14 days) increased the risk of noncardia gastric cancer nearly 5-fold (HR = 4.90 CI = 1.90–12.62), compared to nonusers."
Consumption of 50g or more per day increases risk.
Endometrial cancer.
Alcohol has been identified as a risk factor for endometrial cancer. Data however, on the association of alcohol intake and endometrial cancer is conflicting. Where data exists for an association low to moderate intake of alcohol, (less than two drinks per day) is not associated with an increased risk but an association has been suggested for higher alcohol intake. "Our results suggest that only alcohol consumption equivalent to 2 or more drinks per day increases risk of endometrial cancer in postmenopausal women." "In conclusion, our results suggest that low alcohol consumption (up to one drink per day) is unlikely to substantially influence risk of endometrial cancer."
Gallbladder cancer.
Alcohol has been suggested as a risk factor for gall bladder cancer. Evidence suggests that a high intake of alcohol is associated with gall bladder cancer. Men may be at a higher risk of alcohol-related gallbladder cancer than women.
Ovarian cancer.
"Thus, the results of this study suggest that relatively elevated alcohol intake (of the order of 40 g per day or more) may cause a modest increase of epithelial ovarian cancer risk.". "Associations were also found between alcohol consumption and cancers of the ovary and prostate, but only for 50 g and 100 g a day."
"Statistically significant increases in risk also existed for cancers of the stomach, colon, rectum, liver, female breast, and ovaries."
"Thus, this pooled analysis does not provide support for an association between moderate alcohol intake and ovarian cancer risk."
Prostate cancer.
"Data from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study showed only a weak association between overall alcohol intake and prostate cancer risk, and no association at all between red wine intake and prostate cancer risk."
A meta-analysis published in 2001 found a small but significant increased risk for men drinking more than 50 g/day of alcohol, with a slightly higher risk for men consuming more than 100 g/day. Since that analysis, cohort studies in America have found increased risks for men drinking moderate amounts of spirits, and for ‘binge drinkers, but moderate consumption of beer or wine has not been linked to an increased risk.
Alcohol consumption of 50 g and 100 g per day is also associated with cancers of the ovary and prostate. However, one study concludes, that moderate alcohol consumption increases the risk of prostate cancer. Liquor, but not wine or beer, consumption was positively associated with prostate cancer."
The Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center found that men who consumed four or more glasses of red wine per week had a 50 percent reduction in the risk of developing prostate cancer. They "found no significant effects – positive nor negative – associated with the consumption of beer or hard liquor and no consistent risk reduction with white wine, which suggests that there must be a beneficial compound in red wine that other types of alcohol lack. That compound … may be an antioxidant called resveratrol, which is abundant in the skins of red grapes.".
A meta analysis of studies published in 2009 found that consumption of only 2 standard drinks per day increased the cancer risk by 20%.
Small intestine cancer.
A study of small intestine cancer patients reported that alcohol consumption was associated with adenocarcinomas and malignant carcinoid tumors.
"In men and women combined, a significant 3-fold increased risk in heavy drinkers (80+g ethanol/day) relative to more moderate
drinkers and non-drinkers was observed."
"Alcohol and tobacco consumption did not increase the risk of adenocarcinoma of the small intestine. … While the present data are inconsistent with a major effect of tobacco or alcohol, a moderate association between these factors and small bowel cancer may have been obscured by the play of chance."
Evidence is mixed.
Leukemia.
Intake of alcohol during pregnancy has been associated with childhood leukemia. A review published by the National Cancer Institute placed maternal alcohol consumption during pregnancy in the category of "suggestive" but concluded that the risk was not important.
For ALL in children, maternal alcohol consumption during pregnancy is "unlikely to be an important risk factor for ALL"
A study concluded, "In conclusion, even though our study did not show a clear association between alcohol intake and leukemia risk, some of the patterns of the risk estimates (a possible J-shaped dose-response curve between alcohol intake and ALL, AML, and CLL risks, and the positive association between alcohol and CML), may be suggestive."
"Three studies have reported an increased risk (approximately 1.5-2 fold) in mothers who drank alcoholic beverages during pregnancy. These associations have been particularly apparent in children diagnosed younger than three years of age.". "Maternal alcohol consumption during pregnancy increases the risk of infant leukemia, especially AML."
A study found that intrauterine exposure to alcohol doubled the risk for childhood ANLL.
A study concluded, "In conclusion, even though our study did not show a clear association between alcohol intake and leukemia risk, some of the patterns of the risk estimates (a possible J-shaped dose-response curve between alcohol intake and ALL, AML, and CLL risks, and the positive association between alcohol and CML), may be suggestive."
A population-based case-control study in Italy found a non-significant positive association between drinking and CML.
A study concluded, "There was no association found for cigarette smoking, alcohol or coffee consumption and hairy cell leukemia."
Multiple myeloma (MM).
Alcohol has been suggested as a possible cause of multiple myeloma, although a study found no association between MM in a comparison study between drinkers and non-drinkers.
Pancreatic cancer.
"About 7 out of 10 cases of chronic pancreatitis are due to long term heavy drinking. Chronic pancreatitis is a known risk factor for cancer of the pancreas. But chronic pancreatitis that is due to alcohol doesn't increase risk as much as other types of chronic pancreatitis. So if there is a link with alcohol and pancreatic cancer risk, it is only very slight."
Whilst the association between alcohol abuse and pancreatitis is well established the association between alcohol consumption and pancreatic cancer is less clear. Overall the evidence suggests a slightly increased risk of pancreatic cancer with chronic heavy alcohol consumption but the evidence remains conflicting with a number of studies finding no association., but no increased risk for people consuming up to 30g of alcohol a day
"Our findings indicate that alcohol drinking at the levels typically consumed by the general population of the United States is probably not a risk factor for pancreatic cancer. Our data suggest, however, that heavy alcohol drinking may be related to pancreatic cancer risk."
"Relative risks of pancreatic cancer increased with the amount of alcohol consumed (Ptrend = 0.11) after adjustment for age, smoking status, and pack-years of smoking."
"Alcoholics had only a modest 40% excess risk of pancreatic cancer … The excess risk for pancreatic cancer among alcoholics is small and could conceivably be attributed to confounding by smoking."
"It was shown that the relative risk of cancer of the pancreas increases with fat and alcohol intakes, … Alcohol may be not directly involved in the aetiology of cancer of the pancreas: its effect could be due to the contents of some alcoholic beverages."
"When compared with data from non-drinkers, the cumulative lifetime consumption of all types of alcohol in grams of ethanol… beer, spirits, red wine and fortified wine was not related to risk. The consumption of white wine was inversely associated with risk…. The uniformly reduced risk estimates for the lifetime number of drinks of white wine were based on small numbers…."
"For the most part, consumption of total alcohol, wine, liquor and beer was not associated with pancreatic cancer."
"Data from these two large cohorts do not support any overall association between coffee intake or alcohol intake and risk of pancreatic cancer."
"Our findings are consistent with a modest increase in risk of pancreatic cancer with consumption of 30 or more grams of alcohol per day."
Not suspected to increase risk.
This section lists cancers where alcohol is not listed as a risk factor and where papers have been published.
Childhood astrocytoma.
A study concluded that foetal exposure to alcohol is not associated with childhood astrocytoma.
Bile duct cancer.
A review of the literature found that there is no association between alcohol use and bile duct cancer.
Bladder cancer.
"Epidemiological data on alcohol drinking and bladder cancer are suggestive of no association, although findings were not always consistent. For both habits, an explanation of the moderate increase in risk observed in some investigations might be attributed to residual confounding by smoking, or to an association between alcohol, coffee, and yet unidentified risk factors for bladder cancer."
Cervical cancer.
A study concluded "that alcoholic women are at high risk for "in situ" and invasive cervical cancer" but attributed this to indirect, lifestyle-related reasons.
Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) breast cancer.
"DCIS patients and control subjects did not differ with respect to oral contraceptive use, hormone replacement therapy, alcohol consumption or smoking history, or breast self-examination. Associations for LCIS were similar."
Ependymoma.
A review of the basic literature found that consumption of beer was associated with increased risk in one study but not in another
Intraocular and uveal melanomas.
A study found no association between alcohol and uveal melanoma.
Nasopharynageal cancer / Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC).
A systematic review found evidence that light drinking may decrease the risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma whereas high intake of alcohol may increase the risk.
Neuroblastoma.
A few studies have indicated an increased risk of neuroblastoma with use of alcohol during pregnancy.
Salivary gland cancer (SGC).
Alcohol use is associated with an increased risk of salivary gland cancer.
Testicular cancer.
A review concluded that "There is no firm evidence of a causal relation between behavior risks alcohol and diet and testicular cancer."
Thyroid cancer.
A 2009 review found that alcohol intake does not affect the risk of developing thyroid cancer. However, a 2009 study of 490,000 men and women concluded that alcohol may reduce the risk of thyroid cancer. A 2009 study of 1,280,296 women in the United Kingdom concluded, "The decreased risk for thyroid cancer that we find to be associated with alcohol intake is consistent with results from some studies, although a meta-analysis of 10 case–control studies and two other cohort studies reported no statistically significant associations."
Vaginal cancer.
A Danish study found that "Abstinence from alcohol consumption was associated with low risk for both VV-SCCvagina and VV-SCCvulva in our study."
A study concluded that alcoholic women are at high risk for cancer of the vagina. In both studies, indirect, lifestyle-related reasons were cited.
Vulvar cancer.
One study reported "No consistent association emerged between milk, meat, liver, alcohol and coffee consumption and risk of vulvar cancer." A Danish study found the reverse, that alcohol consumption is significantly associated with VV-SCCvagina and VV-SCCvulva cancer. A Swedish study concluded that alcoholic women are at no higher risk for cancer of the vulva.
Might reduce risk.
Hodgkin's lymphoma (HL).
A study concluded, "The results of this large-scale European study … suggested a protective effect of alcohol on development of NHL for men and in non-Mediterranean countries." A population based case-control study in Germany found that alcohol reduced the risk of HL for both men and women but more so for men, whose risk was lowered by 53%.
A population-based case-control study in Italy reported a protective effect of alcohol consumption on risk of HL among non-smokers. Analysis of data from a series of case-control studies in Northern Italy revealed a modest positive effect of alcohol on lowering risk of HL among both smokers and non-smokers.
Kidney cancer (Renal cell carcinoma) (RCC).
"Moderate alcohol consumption was associated with a lower risk of renal cell cancer among both women and men in this pooled analysis" "This pooled analysis found an inverse association between alcohol drinking and RCC. Risks continued to decrease even above eight drinks per day (i.e. >100 g/day) of alcohol intake, with no apparent levelling in risk."
A study concluded, "Results from our prospective cohort study of middle-aged and elderly women indicate that moderate alcohol consumption may be associated with decreased risk of RCC." Researchers who conducted a study in Iowa reported that "In this population-based case-control investigation, we report further evidence that alcohol consumption decreases the risk of RCC among women but not among men. Our ability to show that the association remains after multivariate adjustment for several new confounding factors (i.e., diet, physical activity, and family history) strengthens support for a true association.
Another study found no relationship between alcohol consumption and risk of kidney cancer among either men or women.
A Finnish study concluded, "These data suggest that alcohol consumption is associated with decreased risk of RCC in male smokers. Because most of the risk reductions were seen at the highest quartile of alcohol intake and alcohol is a risk factor for a number of cancers particularly among smokers, these data should be interpreted with caution." "Our data suggest an inverse association between alcohol intake and risk of renal cell cancer…" Compared with nondrinkers, men who drank one or more drinks per day had a 31% lower risk of kidney cancer among 161,126 Hawaii-Los Angeles Multiethnic Cohort participants.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).
A study concluded, "People who drink alcoholic beverages might have a lower risk of NHL than those who do not, and this risk might vary by NHL subtype." "Compared with nondrinkers, alcohol consumers had a lower risk for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma overall … and for its main subtypes." A study concluded, "Nonusers of alcohol had an elevated NHL risk compared with users…"
Some studies have found a protective effect on NHL of drinking some forms of alcoholic beverage or in some demographic groups. A study of men in the US found that consumption of wine, but not beer or spirits, was associated with a reduced NHL risk and a large European study found a protective effect of alcohol among men and in non-Mediterranean countries.." A study of older women in Iowa found alcohol to reduce the risk of NHL and the amount of alcohol consumed, rather than the type of alcoholic beverages, appeared to be the main determinant in reducing risk." A possible mechanism has been suggested.
Some studies have not found a protective effect from drinking. British research found no association between frequency of drinking and NHL and research in Sweden found that total beer, wine, or liquor intake was not associated with any major subtype of NHL examined, apart from an association between high wine consumption and increased risk of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.."
One study of NHL patients concluded, "Our findings strongly encourage physicians to advise NHL patients to stop smoking and diminish alcohol consumption to obtain improvements in the course of NHL."
Recommended maximum alcohol intake.
As outlined above, there is no recommended alcohol intake with respect to cancer risk alone as it varies with each individual cancer. See Recommended maximum intake of alcoholic beverages for a list of governments' guidances on alcohol intake which, for a healthy man, range from 140–280g per week.
One meta-analysis suggests that risks of cancers may start below the recommended levels. "Risk increased significantly for drinkers, compared with non-drinkers, beginning at an intake of 25 g (< 2 standard drinks) per day for the following: cancers of the oral cavity and pharynx (relative risk, RR, 1.9), esophagus (RR 1.4), larynx (RR 1.4), breast (RR 1.3), liver (RR 1.2), colon (RR 1.1), and rectum (RR 1.1)"
World Cancer Research Fund recommends that people aim to limit consumption to two drinks a day for a man and one for a woman. It defines a "drink" as containing about 10–15 grams of ethanol.

</doc>
<doc id="2842914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842914" title="Elisabeth Congdon">
Elisabeth Congdon

Elisabeth Mannering Congdon (April 22, 1894 - June 27, 1977) was a millionaire resident of Duluth, Minnesota, USA who became famous after she and her nurse were found murdered on June 27, 1977.
Biography.
Elisabeth Congdon was born to mining magnate Chester Adgate Congdon, and his wife, Clara Hesperia Bannister Congdon on April 22, 1894 in Duluth, Saint Louis County, Minnesota, USA. In 1905, Chester began building Glensheen Historic Estate, a 39-room mansion on their estate in Duluth, Minnesota, seeing it finished 3 years later. Chester died in 1916, and Clara many years later in 1950, when Elisabeth inherited Glensheen.
In 1932, Elisabeth, a single woman in her late thirties, adopted two daughters, Marjorie Congdon Caldwell Hagen and Jennifer Johnson. Marjorie was the "black sheep" of the family, as she constantly borrowed money from her mother and married numerous times. Early in her life Marjorie was diagnosed a sociopath, was put into institutions and for a time appeared to be improving. Marjorie had seven children by her first husband and she spoiled them with luxuries, the majority of which were furnished by Elisabeth. She was divorced after twenty years of marriage. Marjorie's second marriage was to a man named Roger Sipe Caldwell. She and Caldwell kept asking Elisabeth for money, reportedly so they could realize their dream of a horse ranch. 
On June 27, 1977, Elisabeth Congdon and her nurse Velma Pietila (born April 26, 1911) were found murdered. Elisabeth was found suffocated with a satin pillow in her bed and Velma, who was lying on a windowseat, had been beaten to death with a candlestick. The motive was initially unclear because few valuables were looted from the room.
The murder happened in Elisabeth's older sister Helen's bedroom. Some think it happened in Elisabeth's room which was furnished with expensive articles of furniture from France. After her elder sister moved out of the mansion, Elisabeth took over her room as it was bigger. This room is recognizable by the gray color scheme, and the pink tile around the fireplace.
Elisabeth's daughter Marjorie was to receive $8 million at the time of her mother's death. Three days before Elisabeth's death, Marjorie had authored a paper saying Roger was to receive about $2.5 million of her share. Based on evidence found at the scene and later in Roger and Marjorie's possession, they were arrested. Roger Caldwell was tried first and convicted in 1978. Marjorie was acquitted in 1979. The Minnesota Supreme Court overturned Roger's conviction in 1983. Rather than risk an acquittal at retrial the prosecution offered Roger Caldwell a plea deal, a confession, guilty plea to second-degree murder and time served. Roger Caldwell confessed to both murders on July 5, 1983. Caldwell had served 5 years of a twenty-year sentence. He later committed suicide on May 18, 1988. In his suicide note he claimed he was innocent of killing Elisabeth Congdon. Caldwell never did get any of the promised money from Marjorie.
Years later, Marjorie was convicted of insurance fraud and arson and was sent to Perryville prison in Arizona on July 19, 1993. Though suspected in the death of her third (bigamous) husband Wally Hagen, Arizona authorities have never brought charges against her for that crime. Children of her third husband's first marriage suspect that she was involved in the unexpected death of Mr. Hagen's first wife. Marjorie was released from Arizona State Prison on January 5, 2004. Marjorie was most recently arrested in Tucson, Arizona, at her residence at an assisted living facility on March 23, 2007, on charges of computer fraud and several other counts.
In November 2008, Marjorie Congdon pled guilty to fraud after illegally taking funds from the bank account of Roger Sammis. Mr. Sammis had been under her care before his death, and some suspect Ms. Congdon of foul play. In November 2010 a judge in southern Arizona has refused a probation relief.

</doc>
<doc id="2842923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842923" title="Siebe">
Siebe

Siebe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2842933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842933" title="May 1940 War Cabinet Crisis">
May 1940 War Cabinet Crisis

The May 1940 War Cabinet Crisis was a confrontation between Winston Churchill, newly appointed as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and Viscount Halifax, the Foreign Secretary, which took place early in World War II. Halifax believed that in view of the successful German invasion of France and the encirclement of British forces at Dunkirk the United Kingdom should try to negotiate a peace settlement with Adolf Hitler. Churchill disagreed, believing "that nations which went down fighting rose again, but those which surrendered tamely were finished" and that Hitler was unlikely to honour any agreement. Moreover, he believed that this was the view of the British people. Between 25 to 28 May, Churchill and Halifax fought to bring the British War Cabinet round to their own point of view; by 28 May it seemed as if Halifax had the upper hand and Churchill might be forced from office. However Churchill outmanoeuvred Halifax by calling a meeting of his 25-member Outer Cabinet, to whom he delivered a passionate speech, saying "If this long island story of ours is to end at last, let it end only when each one of us lies choking in his own blood upon the ground", convincing all present that Britain must fight on against Hitler whatever the cost.
Background.
On 8 May Neville Chamberlain's government survived a motion of no confidence brought about by the deteriorating military situation in Norway. The Government, with a majority in the house of 213, won the vote with a majority of 81. 33 Conservatives and 8 of their allies voted with the opposition parties and 60 abstained. Churchill, who had never had a good relationship with Chamberlain and had only grudgingly been appointed First Lord of the Admiralty, nevertheless mounted a strong and passionate defence of Chamberlain and his Government in the debate preceding the vote, ending his closing speech with the words
Under ordinary circumstances the result of the vote would not have been a disaster; but at a time when the Prime Minister was being strongly criticised by both side of the House and there was a strong desire for national unity it was catastrophic. After the vote Chamberlain asked to see Churchill. He told him that he felt dejected and did not think he could go on. Chamberlain stated that he would attempt to form a coalition government with the Labour and Liberal Parties. Churchill was opposed to this, later writing:
At a meeting the following day attended by Chamberlain, Halifax, Churchill and the co-leaders of the Opposition Labour Party Clement Attlee and Arthur Greenwood Chamberlain asked the Labour leaders if they would agree to serve in a coalition government. They replied that they doubted whether this would be possible in a government led by Chamberlain, but that it might be possible with a different Prime Minister. But before they could officially answer they would need to consult the rank and file members of the Labour Party, then at their annual conference in Bournemouth. They were asked to telephone with the result of this consultation by the following afternoon.
Churchill's own account of these events, written six years later, is misleading. It describes the events of the 9th as having taken place the following day, and the description of Chamberlain attempting to persuade him to tacitly agree to Halifax's appointment as Prime Minister does not correspond with Halifax's having expressed his reluctance to do so to Chamberlain at a meeting between the two men on the morning of the 9th.
In his memoirs, Halifax later wrote: 
The Labour leaders telephoned at 5 p.m. on the 10th to report that the party would take part in a coalition government, although this had to be under the leadership of someone other than Chamberlain. Accordingly Chamberlain went to Buckingham Palace to tender his resignation, recommending King George to ask Churchill to form a government. On doing so, one of his first actions was to form a new, smaller, war cabinet by replacing six of the Conservative politicians who had been in the previous body with Greenwood and Attlee, and retaining only Halifax and Chamberlain.
Churchill's political position was weak; although he was popular with the Labour and Liberal Parties for his stance against appeasement in the 1930s, he was mistrusted by many members of the Conservative Party, nor would he have been the choice of the King.
Churchill's problems with the Conservative Party dated back to the turn of the century. Both his father and grandfather had been prominent Conservatives, and in 1900 Churchill was elected to the House of Commons as a Conservative. However almost from the beginning the relationship between the two was difficult. In his first years in Parliament Churchill often criticized the Conservative Party's policies and its leadership, and in 1904, unhappy with the Conservative position on the issue of Free Trade, he crossed the floor and joined the Liberal Party.
When the Liberals came into power in 1905, Churchill was rewarded with a series of Cabinet posts culminating in 1911 with the first of two appointments as First Lord of the Admiralty. However, in 1915, after the failed Gallipoli campaign, Churchill was removed from his Cabinet post and sent into political exile when the Conservatives joined a coalition government with the Liberals. However a year later when Churchill's friend and political mentor Lloyd George became Prime Minister, he brought Churchill back into the cabinet.
<br>After the war ended in 1918, George decided to maintain the coalition with the Conservatives. This action would cause a split in the Liberal Party leading to their eventual collapse at the polls in the 1924 General Election.
Believing that the Liberals would no longer be an influential force in British politics, Churchill reluctantly re-joined the Conservative Party. The new Conservative Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin rewarded Churchill with the post of Chancellor of the Exchequer, a post that was expected to go to Neville Chamberlain. For the next five years Churchill had a stable working relationship with the Conservatives. However in the 1929 elections the Conservatives were beaten in the polls by the socialist Labour party and fell from power. Now in opposition, Churchill again began to criticize the Conservatives for their support of self-government for India and for their policy of appeasement towards Hitler and Nazis. In 1935 the Conservatives, who in 1931 had formed a coalition government with the Labour and Liberal to combat the depression, were elected in their own right. They gave Churchill no Cabinet position. It was not until September 1939, when Britain and France were forced to declare war, that Churchill was again made First Lord of the Admiralty.
Military situation.
On 10 May 1940, the day Churchill became Prime Minister, Germany invaded Belgium, the Netherlands, and France, and on 22–23 May the Germany Army reached the English Channel, isolating the British Expeditionary Force. However suffering from fatigue and the loss of up to 50% of their vehicles, they were unable to immediately continue the offensive. Luftwaffe commander Hermann Göring convinced Hitler that his air force, which up to this point in the campaign had performed exceptionally, could destroy what remained of the Allied forces on the beaches of Dunkirk. On 24 May Hitler issued the order for his armies to halt his armies before they reached Dunkirk. Two days later the British and French Navies, assisted by the Royal Air Force, began an evacuation of the surrounded Allied forces.
War Cabinet meetings, 26–27 May.
On 25 May Halifax reported to the war cabinet that Giuseppe Bastianini, the Italian ambassador in London, had requested a meeting with him to discuss Italy's neutrality. Churchill did not think anything would come of this meeting but agreed to the meeting provided that it was not made public. He believed any publicity in this matter "would amount to a confession of weakness". Halifax met Bastianini later that afternoon. The discussion soon moved from the question of Italian neutrality to that of Italian mediation between the Allies and Germany.
Halifax did not immediately agree to this. Bastiani said that Mussolini's goal was to negotiate a settlement "that would not merely be an armistice, but would protect European peace for the century." Halifax reply made his willingness clear, but did not commit him to any course of action: "The purpose of His Majesty's government was the same, and they would never be unwilling to consider any proposal made with authority that gave promise of establishment of a secure and peaceful Europe."
The following morning Halifax gave his report of this conversation to the War Cabinet, first telling the War Cabinet that in his opinion they "had to face the fact that it was not so much now a question of imposing a complete defeat upon Germany but of safeguarding the independence of our own Empire and if possible that of France." Halifax then summarized his meeting with Bastianini, saying "That peace and security in Europe were equally our main object, and we should naturally be prepared to consider any proposals which might lead to this, provided our liberty and independence were assured." Churchill's response was that any peace so achieved would lead to German dominatation of Europe, something that he could never accept. He went on to say that he was "opposed to any negotiations which might lead to a derogation of our rights and power." Halifax chose to not respond to Churchill at that point. Churchill then adjourned the meeting so he could attend a meeting with Paul Reynaud, the French Prime Minister.
The War Cabinet resumed its deliberations later that day at 2 pm. Churchill began by describing his meeting with Reynaud, who believed that the French military situation was hopeless, but had no intentions of signing a separate peace treaty with Germany: he might be forced to resign, and that there were others in the French Government who would sign such a treaty. Churchill had told Reynaud that Britain was not prepared "to give in on any account. We would rather go down fighting than be enslaved to Germany."
Churchill then asked Halifax to immediately go and see Reynaud at Admiralty House, adding that he and the rest of the War Cabinet would follow shortly. However Halifax did not comply with Churchill's request. He again brought up the subject of Italy, saying "that the last thing Mussolini wanted was to see Herr Hitler dominating Europe." Halifax then suggested that in exchange for territory, presumably Malta, Gibraltar, and/or the Suez Canal, Mussolini might be willing to mediate an end to hostilities between the Allies and Germany.
In an apparent attempt to placate Halifax, Churchill said that he "doubted whether anything would come of an approach to Italy, but that the matter was one which the War Cabinet would have to consider." However Halifax was in no mood to be placated and attempted to obtain a firm comment from Churchill. He asked Churchill if he "was satisfied that matters vital to independence of this country were unaffected, would he be prepared to discuss such terms?" Churchill's reply was in direct contradiction to what he had early told Reynaud. Churchill said, "I would be grateful to get out of our present difficulties on such terms, provided we retained the essentials and the elements of our vital strength, even at the cost of some territory." Historians have often used this statement of Churchill's to suggest that he wavered on whether or not Britain should make a peace deal with Germany. However, when compared with his earlier statements on the subject another theory becomes apparent. Churchill quite simply lied to Halifax in order to gain time.
After gaining what he thought was a firm commitment from Churchill, Halifax departed the War Cabinet for his meeting with Reynaud. Not long afterwards Churchill adjourned the meeting and joined Halifax at Admiralty House along with the rest of the War Cabinet. Later that day, after Reynaud's departure, Churchill asked the War Cabinet to remain at Admiralty House for an "informal meeting."
Unfortunately due to the surprise nature of this meeting the records of it are incomplete. The War Cabinet Secretary Sir Edward Bridges did not arrive until fifteen minutes into the meeting. On his arrival the War Cabinet was in the midst of discussing the prior meeting with Reynaud and likelihood of France making a peace deal with Germany. Churchill said:
Churchill then went on to say that he hoped France would hang on, but that it was essential not to be forced into a weak position "in which we went to Signor Mussolini and invited him to go to Herr Hitler and asked him to treat us nicely. We must not get tangled in a position of that kind before we had been involved in any serious fighting."
Halifax, who by now must surely have realized that he did not have the firm commitment from Churchill to pursue a negotiated peace, responded by saying that he did not disagree with Churchill's views but that he "attached perhaps more importance than the Prime Minister to the desirability of allowing France to try out the possibilities of European equilibrium." Halifax went on to say that Churchill was wrong about Hitler's intent and that it would not be in his interests "to insist on outrageous terms. After all, he knew his own weakness. On this lay-out it might be possible to save France from the wreck."
Churchill again stated his disagreement. Halifax continued:
Chamberlain was noncommittal. He said "Mussolini could only take an independent line if Herr Hitler were disposed to conform to the line which Signor Mussolini indicated. The problem was a very difficult one, and it was right to talk it out from every point of view." Churchill again attempted to buy time and told the War Cabinet that a decision should be delayed until after the result of the evacuation of British forces from Dunkirk was known.
Halifax did not agree with this. He again read out his notes on his meeting with Bastianini and stated that this was the time to negotiate in order to obtain the best terms. Churchill again implied that he was prepared to give Germany back its colonies, taken after the First World War, and "to make certain concessions in the Mediterranean" in order to "get out of our present difficulties." He then added that he believed "no such option was open to us. For example, the terms offered would certainly prevent us from completing our re-armament."
Halifax said that such terms "would be refused," but added that he did not think such terms were likely. Churchill response was that "Herr Hitler thought that he had the whip hand. The only thing to do was to show him that he could not conquer this country. If, on M. Reynaud's showing, France could not continue, we must part company" However Churchill then granted Halifax a concession, asking him to prepare a memorandum on "Suggested Approaches to Italy" to be presented at the next day's War Cabinet. The meeting soon adjourned.
On the following day the most critical of the nine War Cabinet meetings between 26–28 May 1940 took place. A first War Cabinet meeting started at 11.30am and concerned mainly military matters. Halifax spoke very little. It was during the second meeting at 4.30pm that disagreement between Churchill and Halifax came to a head. Perhaps suspecting a confrontation with Halifax at this meeting, Churchill broke protocol and invited the Liberal Party leader and newly appointed Secretary of State for Air, Sir Archibald Sinclair to be present. Sinclair had been a strong opponent of appeasement and a supporter of Churchill.
The War Cabinet opened with Halifax presenting his memorandum on the "Suggested Approaches to Italy." It said:
Churchill now decided that the time had come to confront Halifax. He made a rather lengthy statement opposing Halifax's memorandum Churchill said that he was:
<br>Increasingly opposed with the futility of the suggested approach to Signor Mussolini, which the latter would certainly regard with contempt. Such an approach would do M. Reynaud far less good than if he made a firm stand. Further, the approach would ruin the integrity of our fighting position in this country. Even if we did not include geographical precision and mentioned no names, everybody would know what we had in mind…let us not be dragged down with France. If the French were not prepared to go on with the struggle, let them give up…If this country was beaten, France become a vassal State; but if we won, we might save them. The best help we could give to M. Reynaud was to let him feel that, whatever happened to France, we were going to fight it out to the end…At the moment our prestige in Europe was very low. The only way we could get it back was by showing the world that Germany had not beaten us. If, after two or three months, we could show that we still unbeaten, our prestige would return. Even if we were beaten, we should be no worse off than we should be if we were now to abandon the struggle. Let us therefore avoid being dragged down the slippery slope with France. The whole of this maneuver was intended to get us so deeply involved in negotiations that we should be unable to turn back. We had gone a long way already in our approach to Italy, but let us not allow M. Reynaud to get us involved in a confused situation. The approach proposed was not only futile, but involved us in a deadly danger.
Chamberlain now spoke out in defence of Halifax's peace proposal. "While is agreed that the proposed approach would not serve any useful purpose, think that we ought to go a little further with it, in order to keep the French in a good temper…our reply should not be a complete refusal." Churchill replied that "if worst came to the worst, it would not be a bad thing for this country to go down fighting for the other countries which had been overcome by Nazi tyranny."
Halifax by this point was incensed. He must have felt the prospects of his peace plan slipping away. He went the offensive. He said to the War Cabinet that he saw:
No particular difficulty in taking the line suggested by the Lord President Nevertheless [I am conscious of certain rather profound differences of points of view which would like to make clear… [I could not recognize any resemblance between the action which proposed, and the suggestion that we were suing for terms and following a line which would lead us to disaster. In the discussion the previous day [I had asked the Prime Minister whether, if he was satisfied that matters vital to the independence of this country were unaffected, he would be prepared to discuss terms. The Prime Minister had said that he would be thankful to get out of our present difficulties on such terms, provided we retain the essentials and the elements of our vital strength, even at the cost of some cession of territory. On the present occasion, however, the Prime Minister seemed to suggest that under no conditions would we contemplate any course except fighting to the finish. The issue was probably academic, since we were unlikely to receive any offer which would not come up against the fundamental conditions which were essential to us. If, however, it was possible to obtain a settlement which did not impair those conditions, doubt I would be able to accept the view now put forward by the Prime Minister.
Halifax's implication was that if Churchill would not accept a negotiated peace then he would be forced to resign. On the surface this seems to be the answer to Churchill's problems. If Halifax resigned, most likely Chamberlain would follow, and then Churchill could appoint two new Ministers to the War Cabinet who would be more supportive of his views. However this was not the case: if Halifax and then Chamberlain had resigned, Churchill would have faced a parliamentary revolt from the Conservative Party in the House of Commons. The outcome of such a revolt would probably have led to Churchill's dismissal as Prime Minister and the re-appointment of Chamberlain or possibly Halifax. And Churchill knew this quite well.
Faced with the threat of Halifax's resignation Churchill decided to again retreat from his hawkish position. He said that:
The issue which the War Cabinet was called upon to settle was difficult enough without getting involved in the discussion of an issue which was quite unreal and was unlikely to arise. If Hitler was prepared to make peace on the terms of restoration of German colonies and the overlordship of Central Europe, that was one thing. But it was quite unlikely that he would make any such offer.
Halifax then decided to press Churchill on this statement. He asked:
Churchill said that he "would not join France in asking for terms; but if were told what the terms offered were, [I would be prepared to consider them." The meeting soon adjourned and Halifax asked to speak with Churchill privately. Churchill took Halifax to his private garden at 10 Downing Street, where Halifax made his threat of resignation explicit.
Two further War Cabinet meetings followed at 10 pm on 27 May and 11.30 am on 28 May before the conflict between Churchill and Halifax erupted again. At the 4.00 pm War Cabinet meeting Halifax announced that the Foreign Office has received word from the Italian Embassy in London that Italy was prepared to mediate a resolution between the Allies and Germany. Halifax then said that he has discussed the possibility of such a proposal with Reynaud two day before. He believed that Britain and France should inform Italy that they "were prepared to fight to the death for our independence, but that, provided this could be secured, there were certain concessions that we were prepared to make to Italy." Churchill refused to do so and then replied that "the position would be entirely different when Germany had made an unsuccessful attempt to invade this country." Halifax's response was that "we must not ignore the fact that we might get better terms before France went out of the war and our aircraft factories were bombed, than we might get in three months time."
Churchill continued to resist Halifax. Later in the meeting he said:
Signor Mussolini, if he came in as a mediator, would take his whack out of us. It was impossible to image that Herr Hitler would be so foolish as to let us continue our re-armament. In effect, his terms would put us completely at his mercy. We should get no worse terms if we went on fighting, even if we were beaten, than were open to us now. If, however, we continued the war and Germany attacked us, no doubt we should suffer some damage, but they also would suffer severe losses. Their oil supplies might be reduced. A time might come when we felt that we had to put an end to the struggle, but the terms would then be more mortal than those offered to us now. 
Halifax responded that he still could not see what Churchill found so wrong with "trying out the possibilities of mediation." Churchill replied that "nations which went down fighting rose again, but those which surrendered tamely were finished."
Churchill then adjourned the War Cabinet until 7 pm so he could attend a previously scheduled meeting with his 25-member Outer Cabinet. "I had not seen many of my colleagues outside the War Cabinet, except individually, since the formation of the Government" said Churchill in his memoirs. The only account of what Churchill said at this critical meeting comes from Hugh Dalton, a member of the Labour Party and the newly appointed Minister of Economic Warfare.
Churchill began his remarks by emphasising the seriousness of the military situation, and went on to say 
Churchill would later write of the response he received at the conclusion of his remarks: 
With that speech Churchill had ensured that the United Kingdom would fight on. When the War Cabinet reconvened at 7:00PM Churchill's position was secure. He told the War Cabinet of his earlier meeting, telling them that
the Outer Cabinet had expressed the greatest satisfaction when had told them that there was no chance of our giving up the struggle. [I did not remember having ever before heard a gathering of persons occupying high places in political life express themselves so emphatically. 
Churchill then told the War Cabinet that there would no negotiated peace. Halifax had lost.

</doc>
<doc id="2842957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842957" title="Martin Kennedy (composer)">
Martin Kennedy (composer)

Martin Kennedy (born March 24, 1978) is a composer of contemporary classical music.
Biography.
Martin Kennedy was born in Wakefield, England. He holds a Doctorate in Music Composition from the Juilliard School where he studied as a C.V. Starr fellow with Milton Babbitt and Samuel Adler. He completed his Master’s degree in composition at the Jacobs School of Music, where he also received his Bachelors Degrees in composition and piano performance.
Kennedy has written extensively for orchestra, chamber ensembles, and solo instruments. Awards include first prize in the '2 Agosto' International Composing Competition, the 2010 ASCAP Rudolf Nissim Prize for Best Orchestral Work, five ASCAP Morton Gould Young Composer Awards, a BMI Young Composer Award, the Suzanne and Lee Ettleson Prize, an Aaron Copland Award, and residencies at the MacDowell and Yaddo artist colonies. His music is published by Theodore Presser Company and G. Schirmer Inc.
Kennedy serves on the faculty at Central Washington University, where he is the Director of Composition and Theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2842969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842969" title="Balallan">
Balallan

Balallan (Scottish Gaelic: Baile Ailein, sometimes spelt "Bail' Ailein", meaning "Allan's Town") has the distinction of being the longest village (4 miles measured from end to end) in Lewis (and also in northern Scotland). Straggled along the head of a long sea loch between Arivruach and Laxay, it developed due to a mixture of crofting along the loch shore and fishing. It sits at the head of Loch Erisort.
Those on the loch side were each given direct access to the loch for their boats as well as access to the moorland behind for their sheep. They also attended to their croft, given relative shelter from the elements by the high ground to the west.
The village formerly had a police house, and currently houses a post office.
Just south of the village there is a cairn that stands as a memorial to the Deer Park Raiders. It is one of three Land Struggle Cairns to have been commissioned on the Isle of Lewis.

</doc>
<doc id="2842970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842970" title="Nez Perce language">
Nez Perce language

Nez Perce , also spelled Nez Percé or called Niimiipuutímt, is a Sahaptian language related to the several dialects of Sahaptin (note the spellings, "-ian" vs. "-in"). The Sahaptian sub-family is one of the branches of the Plateau Penutian family (which in turn may be related to a larger Penutian grouping). It is spoken by the Nez Perce tribe of the northwestern United States.
Nez Perce is a highly endangered language. While sources differ on the exact number of fluent speakers, it is almost definitely under 100. The Nez Perce tribe is endeavoring to reintroduce the language into native usage through a revitalization program, though at present the future of the Nez Perce language is far from assured.
The grammar of Nez Perce has been described in a grammar (Aoki 1970) and a dictionary (Aoki 1994) with two dissertations (Rude 1985; Crook 1999).
Phonology.
The phonology of Nez Perce includes vowel harmony (which was mentioned in Noam Chomsky & Morris Halle's "The Sound Pattern of English"), as well as a complex stress system described by Crook (1999).
Grammar.
As in many other Native American languages, a Nez Perce verb can have the meaning of an entire sentence in English. (This manner of providing a great deal of information in one word is called polysynthesis.) Verbal affixes provide information about the person and number of the subject and object, as well as tense and aspect (e.g., whether or not an action has been completed).
Case.
In Nez Perce, the subject of a sentence, and the object when there is one, can each be marked for grammatical case, an affix that shows the function of the word (compare to English "he" vs. "him" vs. "his"). Nez Perce employs a three-way case-marking strategy: a transitive subject, a transitive object, and an intransitive subject are each marked differently. Nez Perce is thus an example of the very rare type of tripartite languages (see morphosyntactic alignment).
Because of this case marking, the word order can be quite free. A specific word order tells the hearer what is new information ("focus") versus old information ("topic"), but it does not mark the subject and the object (in English, word order is fixed — subject–verb–object).

</doc>
<doc id="2842974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842974" title="Japanese particles">
Japanese particles

Japanese particles, or , are suffixes or short words in Japanese grammar that immediately follow the modified noun, verb, adjective, or sentence. Their grammatical range can indicate various meanings and functions, such as speaker affect and assertiveness.
Orthography and diction.
Japanese particles are written in hiragana in modern Japanese, though some of them also have kanji forms (弖 or 天 for "te" て; 爾 for "ni" に; 乎 or 遠 for "o" を; and 波 for "wa" は). Particles follow the same rules of phonetic transcription as all Japanese words, with the exception of は (written "ha", pronounced "wa"), へ (written "he", pronounced "e") and を (written using a hiragana character with no other use in modern Japanese, originally assigned as "wo", now usually pronounced "o", though some speakers render it as "wo"). These exceptions are a relic of historical kana usage.
Types of particles.
There are eight types of particles, depending on what function they serve.
が、の、を、に、へ、と、で、から、より
か、の、や、に、と、やら、なり、だの
か、の、や、な、わ、とも、かしら
さ、よ、ね
ばかり、まで、だけ、ほど、くらい、など、なり、やら
は、も、こそ、でも、しか、さえ、だに
や、が、て、のに、ので、から、ところが、けれども
の、から
Note that some particles appear in two types. For example, "kara" is a "case marker" where it describes where something is from or what happens after something; when it describes a cause it is a "conjunctive particle".
Contrast.
に "ni" and で "de".
"Ni" and "de" can both be used to show location, corresponding to the prepositions "in" or "at" in English. Their uses are mutually exclusive.
"Ni", when used to show location, is used only with stative verbs such as "iru", "to be, exist;" "aru", "to be, exist, have;" and "sumu", "to live, inhabit."
"De" is used with action verbs to convey the place of action, as opposed to location of being.
に "ni" and へ "e".
"Ni" and "e" can both indicate direction of motion, meaning "to" or "at" in English. In this sense, "e" is perhaps closer to English "towards" in terms of use (see example below). As long as "ni" is used directionally, it is possible to substitute "e" in its place. "Ni" used in other senses cannot be replaced by "e":
Indicating direction, using "e" instead of "ni" is preferred when "ni" is used non-directionally in proximity:
が "ga" and を "o".
In some cases, "ga" and "o" are interchangeable. For example, with the "tai" form, meaning "want to", it is possible to say either of the following:
Similarly, 好き "suki", a "na adjective" meaning "liked", can take either "ga" or "o":
に "ni" and と "to".
"Ni" and "to" are sometimes interchangeable in forms like になる "ni naru" and となる "to naru". The "ni naru" form suggests a natural change, whereas "to naru" suggests change to a final stage.
や "ya" and と "to".
"Ya" is used for incomplete lists, whereas "to" is used for complete ones.
Differences from English prepositions.
Many Japanese particles fill the role of prepositions in English, but they are unlike prepositions in many ways. Japanese does not have equivalents of prepositions like "on", and often uses particles along with verbs and nouns to modify another word where English might use prepositions. For example, "ue" is a noun meaning "top/up"; and "ni tsuite" is a fixed verbal expression meaning "concerning", and when used as postpositions:

</doc>
<doc id="2842975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842975" title="Type 95 Ha-Go">
Type 95 Ha-Go

The (also known as Ke-Go or Kyu-Go) was a light tank used by the Imperial Japanese Army in combat operations of the Second Sino-Japanese War, at Nomonhan against the Soviet Union, and in the Second World War. It proved sufficient against infantry; however, like the American M3 Stuart, it was not designed to fight other tanks. Approximately 2,300 units were produced, making it the most numerous Japanese armored fighting vehicle of the time.
History and development.
From early 1930s, the Japanese army began experimenting on a mechanized warfare unit combining infantry with tanks. However, the Type 89 Medium tank could not keep pace with the motorized infantry, which could move at by truck. In combat, motorized infantry could only hope to achieve 40 km advance per day. For transport, tanks could be loaded on train platforms like in any other army of the times. To solve this problem, the Army Technical Bureau proposed a new light tank of 7 tonnes or less capable of 40 km/h speed and started development in 1933.
The prototype of the new tank was begun in 1933 and completed in 1934 at the Army's Sagami Arsenal. Initial tests were positive but it was too heavy at 7.5 tonnes and had to be reworked bringing the weight down to 6.5 t. Due to doubts by the infantry as to its capability for infantry support it was tested in Manchuria in the winter of 1934/1935. The reports were favourable and a second prototype built, being completed in November 1935.
In 1935, at a meeting in the Army Technical Bureau, the Type 95 was proposed as the main tank for mechanized infantry units. The infantry had concerns that the armor was insufficient; however, the cavalry indicated that the improved speed and armament compensated for thin armor. In the end, the infantry agreed, as the Type 95 was still superior to the only available alternative, which was the armored car.
Production was started in 1936 by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries. By 1939, 100 units had been built. Mitsubishi would go on to build a total of 853 in their own factories, with another 1,250 units built by the Sagami Arsenal, Hitachi Industries, Niigata Tekkoshō, Kobe Seikoshō, and Kokura Arsenal.
Design.
The Type 95 was a 7.4-tonne vehicle with a complement of 3 crewmen: a commander, a hull machine gunner, and a driver. Only the commander was seated in the turret, hence he was responsible for observation, loading, aiming, firing the main gun, as well as decision-making and commanding the crew. The hand-operated turret was small and extremely cramped.
The primary armament of the most produced version was a Type 98 37 mm gun with the barrel length of 46.1 calibers. It elevated between −15 to +20 degrees. The tank carried two types of 37 mm ammunition, the high-explosive and armor-piercing. For the latter, muzzle velocity was 675–700 m/s, and the armor penetration was 25 mm at a distance of 500 m.
Secondary armament was two 7.7 mm Type 97 light machine guns, one mounted in the hull front and the other in the back of the turret, facing to the rear right (that is, in the five-o-clock direction).
The most characteristic feature of the Type 95 tank was its simple suspension system. Two bogie wheels were suspended on a single bell crank with two bell cranks per side. The tracks were driven through the front sprockets. There were two return wheels. The suspension had troubles early on, with a tendency to pitch so badly on rough ground that the crew sometimes found it impossible to drive at any speed, and so it was modified with a brace to connect the pairs of bogies. Despite this, the tank continued to give its users a rough ride across any uneven ground. It was provided with an interior layer of asbestos padding separated from the hull with an air gap, to isolate the crew from the sun-heated armor plates, and to protect the crew from injury when the tank moved across rough terrain.
Type 95 was fitted with 120 hp (89.5 kW) Mitsubishi A6120VDe air-cooled diesel engine.
Some tanks were fitted with two reflectors in the front of the vehicle for night operations.
Combat history.
It is considered one of the best light tanks in 1935, being armed with a 37 mm cannon, and powered by a diesel engine, a fuel considered by some to be superior due to its low volatility. As with most armies in the 1930s, including the US Army, the tank, and the light tank in particular, were used primarily to support infantry or serve as cavalry reconnaissance and to a lesser extent, as raiding vehicles. Its speed was about 18 mph cross country, which was comparable to the "Stuart's" 20 mph nearly 6 years later in 1941. The five year old Type 95 could compete against the new American M3 Stuart light tanks, which began rolling off the assembly lines in October 1941.
Type 95 proved sufficient against opposing infantry in campaigns in Manchuria and China, as the Chinese National Revolutionary Army had only three tank battalions consisting of Vickers export tanks, German PzKpfw I light tanks, and Italian CV33 tankettes to oppose them. However, the Type 95, like the M3 Stuarts of the US Army, were not designed to fight other tanks, they were designed to support the infantry. and due to the IJN's priority in receiving technology and steel for warship construction, tanks for the IJA were relegated to receiving what was left. By 1942, Japanese armor remained largely the same as they did in the 1930s, and were regarded as obsolete after 1941. The Type 95 was also used by Imperial Japanese Navy SNLF detachments in Pacific areas during the conflict.
Khalkhin Gol (Nomonhan) 1939.
Under the mistaken belief that the Red Army was retreating from the "Khalkhin Gol" (Nomonhan) region, the IJA command in Manchuria transferred the 1st Tank Corps, under the command of Lt. Gen. Yasuoka Masaomi to Nomonhon to cut off the retreating Soviets at the Halha River (Khalkhin Gol River). After a two-day journey by rail, the 1st Tank Corps began unloading its 3rd and 4th Tank Regiments from their trains at Arshaan in Manchuria on 22 June 1939. While the 3rd Tank Regiment was composed primarily of the nearly decade-old Type 89 medium tanks, the 4th Tank Regiment, commanded by 48-year-old Col. Tamada Yoshio, consisted of 35 Type 95 light tanks, eight Type 89s, and three Type 94 tankettes.
From the beginning of Soviet General Zhukov's assumption of command at "Nomonhan" in June 1939, he had deployed his BT-5 and BT-7 light tanks ("Bystrokhodnyi tanks", meaning "high-speed tank"); and incorporated them into all of his combined artillery, infantry, and armor attacks. Although in the same light tank category as the Type 95, also with 3 man crews, and similar dimensions, the BT tanks were nearly twice as heavy, at 13.8 tons but were highly susceptible to close-quarter (tank killer) teams using fire bombs (molotov cocktails); which was primarily due to their gasoline engines. As such, Japanese tank crews held a generally low opinion of the Russian tanks, but the BT tank's 45 mm gun was an altogether different matter. With a velocity of over 2,000 feet per second, Soviet tanks could penetrate IJA tanks, at over a 1,000 meters (the Type 95's 37 mm main gun had a maximum effective range of less than 700 meters); as one "Type 95" tank officer put it, "...no sooner did we see the flash, then there would be a hole in our tank! And the Russians were good shots too!"
On 2 July 1939, at approximately 18:10 hours (6:10 pm), Col. Tamada's 4th Tank Regiment of more mobile Type 95 tanks took the lead in front of the medium tanks of the 3rd Tank Regiment, as the 1st Tank Corps launched its first offensive against the Soviet forces at Khalkhin Gol. While the 3rd Tank Regiment passed through Soviet artillery fire, becoming decisively engaged by about 20:00 hours (8 pm) during their movement forward, the 4th Tank Regiment, while avoiding Soviet artillery barrages had advanced in a southeast direction instead of due south, engaging Russian forces southwest of Uzuru pond Observing a Russian artillery battery between himself and his objective, a "junction", Col. Tamada ordered an attack in the darkness. At about 23:00 hours (11 pm), the 4th Tank moved towards their objective with about 6 meters between tanks and 30 meters between companies and platoons. Just after midnight, a thunderstorm struck, conveniently exposing the Russian positions while at the same time masking the advancing 4th Tank Regiment. While at close range, the lightning storm suddenly illuminated the advancing Type 95s, and the Soviet defense line immediately opened fire with heavy machine guns, artillery, BT-7 light tanks, and anti-tank guns. However, since the range was so close, the Russian artillery could not depress their barrels low enough to hit the tanks, and their shells flew wildly over the advancing tanks. At about 00:20 hours (12:20 am) Col. Tamada ordered the 4th Tank Regiment to "charge", and by 02:00 hours his light tanks had penetrated over 1,000 yards through Russian lines and knocked out 12 artillery guns.
Japanese losses consisted of one Type 95 light tank, one officer and one enlisted man killed and 8 wounded,; the 4th Tank had expended approximately 1,100 37 mm and 129 57 mm tank shells, and 16,000 rounds of machine gun ammunition. After the action, the Soviet command acknowledged that 1st Tank Corps armor had reached the Russian guns.
British Malaya and Burma 1941.
Considering that the United States military had been operating in the Philippines since the Philippine–American War of 1899–1902 and Great Britain had military bases in Singapore since at least the 1840s; combined, they both had at least one hundred years of "jungle warfare" experience between them. Which no doubt influenced their beliefs that "tanks could not operate in those jungles." On the other hand, the IJA had always been focused upon Russia and China, and had never conducted major campaigns in jungle (tropical) regions. Facing impenetrable jungles, two experienced powerful armies, and lacking any combat jungle experience themselves, the IJA Type 95s led the assault forces into taking Singapore by 15 February, and Corregidor by April 1942. By those standards, the Type 95 proved to be an extremely successful light tank during the early campaigns leading into mid 1942. The proper tactical deployment of a war machine is key to any military success, and the Japanese success in Malaya was partly due to the unexpected presence of their tanks in areas where the British did not believe tanks could be used. The wet jungle terrain, although an obstacle, did not stop the twelve Type 95s, taking part in an attack which broke the Jitra defensive line on 11 December 1941; but the military still needed a rugged reliable tank to conduct those tactics with, and the Type 95 was the light tank that successfully completed those missions in 1942. Poor planning on the part of the British Army resulted in few to none of any type of armor in British Malaya or Burma in December 1941.
America's first clash of armor in WWII.
America's first tank versus tank battle of World War II occurred when "Type 95" light tanks of the IJA 4th Tank Regiment engaged a US Army tank platoon, consisting of five brand new M3 Stuart light tanks from "B" company, 192nd Tank Battalion, on 22 December 1941; north of "Damortis" during the retreat to the Bataan Peninsula in 1941. Both the M3 and Type 95 light tanks were armed with a 37 mm gun, but the M3 was better armored, with 32 mm (1¼ inches) thick turret sides, vs the Type 95's 12 mm thick armor; however, based upon the Army's Ballistics Research Lab (BRL) which conducted the first large study of tank vs tank warfare in 1945, the conclusion was that the single most important factor in a tank duel was which side saw first, shot first, and hit first. In this first engagement the IJA reacted first, destroying the lead M3 as it tried to leave the road. The four remaining American tanks all suffered hits as they retreated.
On 06/7 June 1942, the Japanese 3rd Special Naval Landing Forces (SNLF) landed on Kiska Island during the Japanese invasion of the Aleutian Islands, part of today's state of Alaska. The SNLF landing was reinforced by Type 95 light tanks from the IJAs 11th Tank Regiment, which became the only enemy tanks to ever land on North American soil. After the battle, two captured Type 95s were transported to Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland for study and evaluation; where they rest on display today (see photo United States Army Ordnance Museum).
Two Type 95 tanks were deployed to support the Japanese landing at Milne Bay, in late August 1942. Initially, the tanks proved successful against the lightly armed Australian infantry, whose 'sticky bombs' failed to stick due to the humidity. Although the tanks had proved reliable in the tropical conditions of Malaya, they could not handle the volume of mud caused by intense, almost daily rainfall at Milne Bay. Both tanks were bogged down and abandoned a few days after the landing.
10 year old warhorse.
The Type 95 first began to show its vulnerability during later battles against British/Commonwealth forces, where the tank's 37 mm gun could not penetrate the armor of the British Matilda infantry tanks which were deployed against them. The thin armor of the Type 95 made it increasingly vulnerable, as Allied forces realized that standard infantry weapons were capable of penetrating the minimal armor around the engine block, and even its thickest armor could not withstand anything above rifle caliber. By 1944, it was already known that the 10 year old Type 95 light tank's firepower was insufficient to take on "brand new" US medium tanks, such as the medium M4 Sherman, or the M5 Stuart light tank, although the Type 95 could still give the M3 Stuart light tank a run for its money at close range.
In August 1942, the US launched its first counter-offensive against Japan, when it landed US Marines on Guadalcanal. The US Marine Corps deployed its 1st Tank Battalion, which was equipped with the only M2A4 light tanks to see combat with US forces during World War II. The M2A4 was the foundation for the M3 Stuart, and both vehicles were nearly identical when viewed side by side; with the primary difference being the rear idler wheel lowered to the ground on the M3. Although the M2A4 was newer by five years, being built in 1940, than the Type 95, it was the closest US tank in armament and armor to the Type 95 light tank; with 25 mm (1") thick turret sides vs the 95's 12 mm turret sides; and both tanks were equipped with 37 mm main guns. Several Type 95s were destroyed or captured by the United States Army during the Battle of Biak in 1943. As the tide of the war turned against Japan, the Type 95s were increasingly expended in banzai charges or were dug-in as pillboxes in static defense positions in the Japanese-occupied islands. During the Battle of Tarawa, seven entrenched Type 95s opposed American landings. More were destroyed on Parry Island and on Eniwetok. On Saipan, Type 95s attacked the American Marine beachhead on 16 June 1944, and more were used in the largest tank battle in the Pacific the following day.
In the Battle of Guam on 21 July, ten Type 95s were lost to bazooka fire or M4 tanks. Seven more were destroyed on Tinian on 24 July, and 15 more on Battle of Peleliu on 15 September. Likewise, in the Philippines, at least ten Type 95s were destroyed in various engagements on Leyte, and another 19 on Luzon. At the Battle of Okinawa, 13 Type 95s and 14 Type 97 "Shihoto" medium tanks of the 27th Tank Regiment faced 800 American tanks.
China-Burma-India theater of operations.
In 1942 the IJA pushed through Southeast Asia, through Thailand and into Burma, and headed for India. Type 95 light tanks of the IJA 14th Tank Regiment led the way. They engaged the M3 Stuarts of the British 7th Hussars and 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, and as the British retreated towards India, the IJA ultimately resupplied their destroyed Type 95's with "some" captured M3 tanks. By 1944, the 14th Tank Regiment was starving to death due to British deep battle tactics of cutting the IJA's logistical lines; and a final push by the IJA was stopped at Imphal, India.
When the M4 Sherman became available for the British to use in the North Africa campaign, they were able to transfer their M3 Medium tanks to India and Burma. The Type 95 was outclassed by these.
When the war ended, hundreds of Type 95s were left in China. They were used during the Chinese Civil War.
Survivors.
Although no surviving examples of the Type 95 light tank remain in Japan, a number have been preserved at museums around the world. In about 2007, the Oregon Military Museum sponsored the complete reconstruction of a Type 95 light tank. The 95 is operational except to the armament and runs on its original restored engine.
Japanese WWII units equipped with Type 95 Ha-Gō.
Units equipped with Type 95 "Ha-Gō":

</doc>
<doc id="2842980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842980" title="Fran Jeffries">
Fran Jeffries

Fran Jeffries (born May 18, 1937) is an American singer, actress, and model.
Career.
She appeared in the 1963 film "The Pink Panther", in which she sang a song called "Meglio Stasera (It Had Better Be Tonight)" while she danced provocatively around a fireplace. She also sang a number in the first sequel, "A Shot in the Dark." Her figure was highlighted, albeit briefly, in a minor role in "Sex and the Single Girl". She sang on "The Tom Jones Show" in 1969 with the host, doing a duet of "You've Got What it Takes". She was featured in "Playboy" Magazine a couple years later, in 1971 at the age of 33, in a pictorial entitled "Frantastic!". In 1982 she posed a second time for "Playboy" at the age of 45. This second pictorial was titled "Still Frantastic!".
Personal life.
Fran Jeffries was born Frances Ann Makris, daughter of Esther A. Gauthier and Steven G. Makris, a Greek-immigrant barber with his own barber shop. Jeffries has been married three times:
She has one daughter, Stephanie Haymes Roven.
Discography.
"Sex and the Single Girl" was released on MGM in 1964 as a single and an LP. In 1966, Fran Jeffries recorded an album for Monument Records, "This Is Fran Jeffries"; a collection of standards and popular songs, produced by Fred Foster with arrangements by Dick Grove and Bill Justis, including a rendition of Lennon–McCartney's "Yesterday". Other recordings include an LP on Warwick (Fran: Can Really Hang You Up The Most). In 2000, Jeffries released a recording "All the Love", again a collection of standards.
Song recordings:
Songs for movies:

</doc>
<doc id="2842981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842981" title="Paula Fredriksen">
Paula Fredriksen

Paula F. Fredriksen (born January 6, 1951, Kingston, Rhode Island) is an American historian and a scholar of religious studies. She held the position of William Goodwin Aurelio Professor of the Appreciation of Scripture at Boston University through 2010 and is now the William Goodwin Aurelio Chair Emerita of the Appreciation of Scripture.
In addition to the historical Jesus, Fredriksen is also interested in the social history of Christianity from its beginnings to the Fall of the Roman Empire. She has published two books on St. Augustine, both focused on his attitudes towards Jews and Judaism. In contrast to other historians of Christian anti-Semitism, she regards Augustine as having a more enlightened, indeed revolutionary, attitude towards Jews and Judaism than many of his other Christian contemporaries, notwithstanding Augustine's general reputation as a pillar of Catholic orthodoxy and his rhetoric against Jewish beliefs.
One of the editors of her book, "From Jesus to Christ: The Origins of the New Testament Images of Jesus" was the noted Jesus scholar E.P. Sanders. Along with Geza Vermes, she is often regarded as among the most influential historical Jesus scholars in terms of placing him firmly within a Jewish context.
She has held that much of the scholarship regarding Jesus from the 19th and 20th centuries has blatant or subtle anti-Judaic (and/or anti-Semitic) bias,
She was an outspoken critic of the film, "The Passion of the Christ", and edited a full-length book anthology of essays critiquing the film.
In 2013 Paula Fredriksen was elected to the American Academy of Arts & Sciences (AAAS).
Personal life.
Fredriksen is married to Alfred I. Tauber, professor of philosophy and Zoltan Kohn Professor of Medicine at Boston University. Her ex-husband, Richard Landes, is professor of medieval history at Boston University. She is a convert from Roman Catholicism to Judaism and has three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2842985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842985" title="Cligès">
Cligès

Cligès is a poem by the medieval French poet Chrétien de Troyes, dating from around 1176. Cligès is the second of five Arthurian Romances; "Erec and Enide", "Cligès", "Yvain", "Lancelot" and "Perceval". It tells the story of the knight Cligès and his love for his uncle's wife, Fenice. Because of the story's de-romanticized depiction of adultery, it has been called a criticism or parody of the Tristan and Isolde romances . "Cligès" scholar Lucie Polak not only verifies the "Tristan and Isolde" reworking found in the text, but also suggests that Cligès may be modeled after Ovid's character Narcissus. Cligès opening lines give some of the only extant information on the creator's biography and earlier work.
The story starts with Alexander, the son of the Greek emperor (also called Alexander), who comes to King Arthur's realm and marries and has a child with Arthur's niece. This child is Cligès, who is raised in Greece but follows his father's footsteps to Arthur's kingdom when he is old enough to be knighted. Alexander had inherited the throne of Greece when his father died but passes away himself a few years later, leaving Constantinople in the hands of his brother Alis, who is to rule the kingdom until Cligès matures. Cligès falls in love with his uncle Alis' wife, Fenice, but Fenice must pretend she is dead for them to consummate their love. They hide in a tower but are found by Bertrand, who tells Alis; Cligès goes to Arthur to ask for help in getting his kingdom back from his uncle, but Alis dies while he is away. Cligès and Fenice are free to marry.
"Cligès" can be better understood by dividing the text into two parts, or two nearly separate stories. The first story consists of Cligès's father's adventures and the second story consists of Cligès's adventures. "Cligès" scholar Z.P. Zaddy supports the dual story approach, but also divides the text even further. Zaddy creates a new structure where the two stories are divided into 8 episodes. This approach is intended to make the text read more dramatically.
There are many stylistic techniques that set Chrétien de Troyes and his work "Cligès" apart from his contemporaries and their work. Chrétien used many Latin writing techniques such as nature "topos", "portraiture", "conjointure", "amplificato" and "interpretatio" to convey a realistic romance story. 
"Cligès" has come down to us through seven manuscripts and various fragments. The poem comprises 6,664 octosyllables in rhymed couplets. A 15th century prose version also exists. The first modern edition of "Cligès" was in 1884 by Wendelin Foerster.
Another version of the romance is known, a few fragments of a German version. The character Cligès himself appears in other stories. In the fifteenth century, an unknown Burgundian author created a prose version of Chrétien's "Cligés", under the title "Le Livre de Alixandre Empereur de Constentinoble et de Cligés Son Filz". This prose version differs from the original in several aspects, and the story is thought to have been adapted to the cultural and political circumstances of the Burgundian court at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="2842987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2842987" title="AMWA">
AMWA

AMWA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843006" title="Birmingham Oratory">
Birmingham Oratory

The Birmingham Oratory is an English Catholic religious community of the Congregation of the Oratory of St. Philip Neri, located in the Edgbaston area of Birmingham. The community was founded in 1849 by the Blessed John Henry Newman, C.O., the first house of that congregation in England.
Part of the complex of the Oratory is the Parish Church of the Immaculate Conception, commonly referred to as the Oratory Church. It now also serves as the national shrine to Newman.
History.
Newman, the founder of the Oratory, after his conversion to the Catholic Church was seeking a way of life to live out his vocation. In common with a colleague from the Oxford Movement and fellow convert, Frederick William Faber, he had felt drawn to the way of life of the community founded by St. Philip Neri in Italy in the 16th century. When Newman went to Rome in 1845 to become a Catholic priest, he was authorized by Pope Pius IX to establish a community of the Oratory in England.
Returning to England in 1847, Newman gathered a small community of his followers who also wished to live this life. They initially found a home in Birmingham at the Church of St. Anne on Alcester Street, which became the first house of an Oratorian community in England in 1849. A more suitable location was eventually located in Birmingham, and construction was begun of a residence and church. The Oratorian community relocated there in 1852. It became a parish church for the local area and has served the congregation in various ways through the decades.
Music.
The Oratory has a heritage of the promotion of great music in its worship. This goes back to its founder, St. Philip Neri, who believed strongly in the power of music for bringing out the good in people. The original Oratory in Rome was one of the great centers of sacred music for the city. The most celebrated singers and composers of the day would perform there. From this heritage comes the word "oratorio". Right from its founding, the Birmingham Oratory has been noted for the high level of its music, due largely to the active interest of Newman himself. The parish continues to provide services which use the music of Palestrina, William Byrd, Tomás Luis de Victoria, Haydn, Mozart, as well as modern composers.
Education.
Newman also founded The Oratory School there in 1859, as a Catholic alternative to Eton College; it relocated near Reading in 1922. In 1887 two priests of the Oratory took over an existing school intended to provide an education to the poor Catholic boys of the area. This became St. Philip's School, which operated until 1995.
Current church.
The current church was constructed between 1907 and 1910 in the Baroque style to replace the original structure as a memorial to Newman. It was designed by the architect Edward Doran Webb. It is familiarly called the Little Rome in Birmingham.
Prior to a final determination regarding the beatification of Newman, the Holy See gave instructions that his remains were to be transferred from the Oratorian cemetery in the West Midlands to the Oratory Church. A marble tomb was built for this in the church. When church and civil authorities opened the grave in October 2008, however, they found no human remains from his grave.
The Grade II listed church continues to serve the Congregation of the Oratory there. Elsewhere in England, there are also communities of the Congregation at the Brompton Oratory in London and the Oxford Oratory.
In February 2012, the church suffered the theft of a large, metal cross from its roof. The loss was valued at £30,000 (about $48,000US).
Tolkien and the Oratory.
The Birmingham Oratory was to play a major role in the life of J. R. R. Tolkien, the author of "The Lord of the Rings", who was a parishioner there for about nine years during his childhood.
After the unexpected death of their father in South Africa, their mother, Mabel Suffield Tolkien, began to seek a spiritual home where she could find support in her struggle as a widow and single mother of little financial means. Fifty years after the establishment of the Oratorian community there, she started to attend the Church of St. Anne. The family was received into the Catholic Church in the spring of 1900, provoking opposition from the Tolkien family as well as her own.
A small gift from a relative enabled the young Ronald Tolkien (as he was called by his family) to enroll in the prestigious King Edward's School in Birmingham. This required the family to relocate. Not finding the spiritual support she needed in the local Catholic parish there, Mabel Tolkien began to take her two boys on long walks into the country on Sundays. Through these she came to know the Oratory, and found a friend in the community in the person of Father Francis Xavier Morgan, C.O.
The young Ronald had enrolled in the school without having been given a scholarship, and the tuition and fees weighed heavily upon the family income. When Father Morgan became aware of this, he made arrangements for the boy to transfer to the St. Philip's School. That, along with tutoring by his mother at home, allowed Ronald to gain a scholarship and to return to King Edward's School.
Upon the second death within the Oratorian community, Newman realized that they needed a cemetery. Through a donation given to him by the Catholic population of New York City in a show of support, he had been able to acquire property in the rural location of Rednal, where the community established a cemetery for the deceased of the congregation and also built a small summer house. When Mabel Tolkien's health began to decline as a result of diabetes, Francis Morgan used his personal income to provide a home for the family in the vicinity of their rural house. After her death in 1904, fearing that their relations might force the boys to give up their Catholic faith, Mabel Tolkien appointed Father Morgan as their legal guardian.
Morgan then supported the Tolkien boys out of his own pocket, paying Mabel's sister to house the boys. They found a real home, however, in the parish community of the Oratory, taking part in activities such as scouting there, which gave them an outlet for their youthful energies and companionship.
Newman's beatification.
The Oratory was visited by Pope Benedict XVI, immediately after the beatification Mass of John Henry Newman, which was held at Cofton Park in Birmingham on 19 September 2010. It was the first beatification ceremony ever held in England.
Oratory House.
The living quarters of the community, called the Oratory House (1850–51), fronting Hagley Road, is a Grade II* listed building. Except for four years spent in Ireland, it served as Newman's home from 1852 to 1890. His personal papers are located here.
Organ.
The organ dates from 1909 and was installed by Nicholson of Worcester. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
Controversy.
After a canonical visitation by the Holy See, in May 2010 the Rev. Paul Chavasse, C.O., was removed from his position as Provost of the Oratory. This came after it was learned that he had entered a “close but chaste” relationship with a younger man. He had also served as the Postulator for the cause of Newman's canonization.
Shortly thereafter, two priests and a lay brother were transferred from the Oratory. This is a highly unusual step, as the members of the Oratory make their commitment to a particular community, where they then spend their lives. The two priests were assigned to live in two different monasteries, while Brother Lewis Berry, C.O., who was preparing for ordination, was sent to a newly founded Oratory in South Africa for an indefinite period. The reason given for this was that the African Oratory would provide him "greater opportunities for a varied programme of pastoral work" needed for service as a deacon. This resulted in his not being present for Newman's beatification ceremony, although he had run the website of Newman's cause for canonization. One of the priests, the Rev. Dermot Fenlon, C.O., was reported as having been “forcibly exclaustrated” as he was unwilling to agree to his move.
The Birmingham Post reported that the three were popular with parishioners and reported the formation of a campaign group: "Free The Birmingham Oratory Three". Berry, however, called upon the protests to stop, saying that he welcomed the move as providing new possibilities in his vocation.
In 2012 the Oratory paid an undisclosed sum to former director of music Nicholas Johnson after he was unfairly dismissed when the Oratory faced financial problems

</doc>
<doc id="2843008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843008" title="Pro re nata">
Pro re nata

Pro re nata is a Latin phrase meaning "in the circumstances" or "as the circumstance arises". It is commonly used in medicine to mean "as needed" or "as the situation arises". It is generally abbreviated to p.r.n. in reference to dosage of prescribed medication that is not scheduled; instead, the decision of when to administer the drug is left to the nurse, caregiver or the patient's prerogative. Such administration of medication is not meant to imply, and should never allow for, exceeding a given daily dosage.
Other uses.
"Pro re nata" is sometimes used for blood tests. A physician will write a p.r.n. order for blood work. The patient may then use that order when needed.
The initials p.r.n. also refer to casual, or "as needed", employment.

</doc>
<doc id="2843023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843023" title="Acacia xanthina">
Acacia xanthina

Acacia xanthina, commonly known as white stemmed wattle, is a coastal shrub or small tree in the family Fabaceae. Endemic to Western Australia, it occurs on coastal limestone between Fremantle and Shark Bay.
White stemmed wattle usually grows as a dense shrub between two and four metres high; it is often much wider than it is tall. Its branches are white or greenish-white, with many bends and twists. Like many other "Acacia" species, it has phyllodes rather than true leaves. These are bluish-green, from six to eleven centimetres long, and one to two centimetres wide. The flower heads are bright yellow and spherical, and occur in group of six to nine, but sometimes up to fifteen. It flowers in late winter and spring.
"Acacia xanthina" was first collected in 1839 by James Drummond, and described by George Bentham in 1842. The specific name comes from the Greek "xanthos", meaning "yellow", and refers to the flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="2843028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843028" title="Mid-Canada Communications">
Mid-Canada Communications

Mid-Canada Communications was a Canadian media company, which operated from 1980 to 1990. The company, a division of Northern Cable, had television and radio holdings in Northeastern Ontario.
MCTV.
Mid-Canada Television, or MCTV, was created in 1980 when Cambrian Broadcasting, which owned the CTV affiliates in Sudbury, North Bay and Timmins merged with J. Conrad Lavigne's CBC affiliates in the same cities. 
This twinstick structure was permitted by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission because both companies were on the brink of bankruptcy due to their aggressive competition for limited advertising dollars in small markets. In its decision, however, the CRTC explicitly communicated the expectation that this would exist only as a temporary arrangement, to end as soon as the CBC could afford to directly acquire MCTV's CBC affiliates. That "temporary" deal, however, would last 22 years.
The MCTV stations were:
All six stations were referred to on air as MCTV rather than by their callsigns. The stations were distinguished from each other by use of their network affiliation (i.e. "MCTV-CTV" and "MCTV-CBC".)
As well, MCTV owned CHRO in Pembroke, a CBC affiliate in a market with no other television stations. CHRO used the same logo and programming schedule as MCTV's other stations, but it used its own callsign, rather than MCTV, as its on-air identification.
Mid-Canada Radio.
In 1985, Mid-Canada Communications also acquired the Mid-Canada Radio group of radio stations. 
The stations shared some news and sales resources, but were programmed independently of each other except for two shared overnight programs: one for the francophone stations (CFBR, CFLK, CFLH and CFCL), and one for the anglophone stations (all others).
Acquisition.
In 1990, Northern Cable began divesting itself of its media properties. Pelmorex purchased Mid-Canada Radio, and Baton Broadcasting acquired MCTV. Baton also purchased Sault Ste. Marie's Huron Broadcasting in 1990, and converted CHBX and CJIC to the MCTV branding as well. 
Under Baton's ownership, the stations retained the MCTV branding, and became part of the Baton Broadcast System. The CBC stations were eventually sold outright to CBC in 2002, while the CTV stations were rebranded as CTV Northern Ontario in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2843041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843041" title="Information professional">
Information professional

An information professional is someone who records, organises, preserves, retrieves, and disseminates printed or digital information.
The term 'information professional' is currently very broad. It is most frequently used interchangeably with the term 'librarian', or as a progression of it. Librarians traditionally managed information contained in books or other paper records. Nowadays, however, libraries make extensive use of modern media and technology, hence the role of librarians has been enhanced. The versatile term 'information professional' is also used to describe other similar professions, such as archivists, information managers, information systems specialists, and records managers. Information professionals work in a variety of private, public, and academic institutions.
Skills.
Since the term information professional is broad, the skills required for this profession are also varied. A Gartner report in 2011 pointed out that "Professional roles focused on information management will be different to that of established IT roles. An 'information professional' will not be one type of role or skill set, but will in fact have a number of specializations". Thus, an information professional can possess a variety of different skills, depending on the sector in which the person is employed.
Some essential cross-sector skills are:
Moreover, an information professional should be skilled in planning and using relevant systems, in capturing and securing information, and in accessing it to deliver service whenever the information is required.
Qualifications.
Many universities around the world offer Library and Information Science (LIS) academic degrees, or degress on related subjects such as Archival Studies, Information Systems, Information Management, and Records Management. Furthermore, many library associations and unions offer Information Management training, and there are also online e-learning resources, some of which offer certification for information professionals. In many countries the courses and certificates available are accredited by the relevant professional association, as is the case for example with the American Library Association (ALA) in the USA, Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP) in the UK, and Australian Library and Information Association (ALIA) in Australia.
Africa: Information development in Africa started later than in other continents, mainly due to a lack of internet access, Nowadays however, academic degrees in Information studies are available at many universities of African countries, such as the University of Pretoria (South Africa), University of Nairobi (Kenya), Makerere University (Uganda), University of Botswana (Botswana), and University of Nigeria (Nigeria).
Asia: LIS-related studies are available in more than 30 Asian countries. Some examples are: Information Science at Anhui University (China), Library and Information Science at the University of Kelaniya (Sri Lanka), Educational and Information Science at Fo Guang University (Taiwan), Library and Information Science at International Islamic University (Malaysia), and Master Degree in Library and Information Science at Kuwait University (Kuwait).
Australia: The Australian Library and Information Association (ALIA) currently list 22 undergraduate and postgraduate accredited university courses for 'Librarian and Information Specialist' on their official website.
Europe: The majority of European countries have universities, colleges, or schools which offer bachelor degrees in LIS studies. Over 40 universities offer master degrees in LIS-related fields, and many institutions, such as the The Swedish School of Library and Information Science (Sweden), the University of Barcelona (Spain), and Loughborough University (UK), also offer PhD degrees.
North America: Information studies and degrees are available at numerous academic institutions throughout the US and Canada. US professional associations, together with their European counterparts, have undertaken many educational initiatives and pioneered many advances in the field of Information studies, such as increased interdisciplinarity and more effective delivery of distance learning.
South America: There are many schools and colleges in Latin American countries which offer courses in Library Science, Archival Studies, and Information Studies, however these subjects are taught completely separately. So far only three universities offer the modern version of LIS information studies, namely the University of Buenos Aires (Argentina), the Pontifical Xavierian University (Colombia) and the National University of Costa Rica (Costa Rica).
Associations.
Most countries have a professional association who oversee the professional and academic standards of librarians and information professionals. Some of these educational institutions refer to themselves as an iSchool, such as the CiSAP (Consortium of iSchools Asia Pacific) in Asia and the iSchool Caucus in the USA. There are also international associations related to LIS, the most prominent of which is the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA).

</doc>
<doc id="2843046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843046" title="CLARA">
CLARA

CLARA, ("Latin American Advanced Networks Cooperation" in English), is an international organization whose aim is to connect Latin America's academic computer networks. It is "Cooperación Latino Americana de Redes Avanzadas" in Spanish and "Cooperação Latino-Americana de Redes Avançadas" in Portuguese.
The network, called RedCLARA, had points of presence in Tijuana, Miami, Panama City, Sao Paulo, Santiago de Chile and Buenos Aires in 2007.
Other networks RedCLARA is linked to are: WHREN / LILA, Western Hemisphere Research and Education Network Linking Latin America, connection to the United States (Internet2); and
ALICE, America Latina Interconectada Con Europa, connection to Europe (GÉANT)
CLARA is also present at the Pacific Wave PoP in Los Angeles and the Atlantic Wave PoP in Miami
The following countries and respective NRENs are currently part of RedCLARA: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Spain, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, United States, Uruguay and Venezuela.
Latin American countries that are part of CLARA but yet to be linked into the network include Cuba, Honduras, Costa Rica, Bolivia and Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="2843051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843051" title="Kinondoni District">
Kinondoni District

Kinondoni District is the northernmost of three districts in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, the others being Temeke (to the far Southeast) and Ilala (downtown Dar es Salaam). To the east is the Indian Ocean, to the north and west the Pwani Region of Tanzania. The 2002 Tanzanian National Census showed that the population of Kinondoni was 1,083,913.[http://www.tanzania.go.tz/census/census/districts/kinondoni.htm] The area of Kinondoni is 531 km².
The original inhabitants of Kinondoni were the Zaramo and Ndengereko, but due to urbanization the district has become multi-ethnic.[http://www.kinondonimunicipality.go.tz]
Wards.
Administratively, Kinondoni District is broken into 4 divisions, 27 different wards, and 113 sub-wards. Below is a list of the wards in Kinondoni District:

</doc>
<doc id="2843054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843054" title="Cortinarius">
Cortinarius

Cortinarius is a genus of mushrooms. It is suspected to be the largest genus of agarics, containing over 2000 different species and found worldwide. A common feature among all species in the genus "Cortinarius" is that young specimens have a cortina (veil) between the cap and the stem, hence the name, meaning "curtained". Most of the fibers of the cortina are ephemeral and will leave no trace once gone, except for limited remnants on the stem in some species. All have a rusty brown spore print. The common names cortinar and webcap refer to members of the genus. Due to dangerous toxicity of several species (such as Cortinarius orellanus) and the fact that it's difficult to distinguish between various species of the genus, non-expert consumption of mushrooms from the genus is discouraged.
Distinguishing features.
The veil protects the gills in younger specimens and usually disappears leaving little to no trace of itself as the mushroom grows. The spores of a "Cortinarius" mushroom are rusty brown to brownish red in color. It is usually possible to identify a mushroom as being a member of the genus, but extremely difficult to positively identify the species as many of the species are nearly identical. All mushrooms in this genus form mycorrhizae.
Many mushrooms in the genus—for example "Cortinarius sanguineus" and other species in section "Dermocybe"—are colourful and are often used for dyeing.
Toxicity.
Several mushrooms in the genus "Cortinarius" are poisonous, mainly because they cause acute tubulointerstitial nephritis. Some are even lethal, such as "Cortinarius rubellus" and "Cortinarius orellanus". Therefore, a common rule when it comes to mushrooms from this genus is that none of them should be eaten. However, some species—notably the giant of the genus, "Cortinarius praestans" and the gypsy mushroom ("Cortinarius caperatus")—are edible and appreciated in several European countries.
The toxin in "Cortinarius" species, orellanine is easy to detect because it is fluorescent. It has been found in at least 34 Cortinariaceae.
People must be very careful when collecting mushrooms of Cortinarius
Classification.
Recently, molecular studies of members of the genus "Rozites", including its most famous member "R. caperata" have shown them nested within "Cortinarius" and have been sunk into this genus.
Some consider the subgenus "Dermocybe" to have generic status.

</doc>
<doc id="2843057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843057" title="Strain (injury)">
Strain (injury)

A strain is an injury to a muscle in which the muscle fibers tear as a result of overstretching. A strain is also colloquially known as a pulled muscle. The equivalent injury to a ligament is a sprain.
Symptoms.
Typical symptoms of a strain include localized stiffness, discoloration and bruising around the strained muscle.
Causes.
Strains are a result of muscular-fiber tears due to overstretching. They can happen while doing everyday tasks and are not restricted to athletes. Nevertheless, people who play sports are more at risk of developing a strain due to increased muscle. Strains are very painful.
Treatment.
The first-line treatment for a muscular strain in the acute phase include five steps commonly known as P.R.I.C.E.
The ice and compression (cold compression therapy) will stop the pain and swelling while the injury starts to heal itself. Controlling the inflammation is critical to the healing process and the icing further restricts fluid leaking into the injured area as well as controlling pain.
Cold compression therapy wraps are a useful way to combine icing and compression to stop swelling and pain. 
This immediate treatment is usually accompanied by the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (e.g., ibuprofen), which both reduce the immediate inflammation and relieve pain. However, NSAIDs, including aspirin and ibuprofen, affect platelet function (this is why they are known as "blood thinners") and should not be taken during the period when tissue is bleeding because they will tend to increase blood flow, inhibit clotting, and thereby increase bleeding and swelling. After the bleeding has stopped, NSAIDs can be used with some effectiveness to reduce inflammation and pain.
It is recommended that the person injured should consult a medical provider if the injury is accompanied by severe pain, if the limb cannot be used, or if there is noticeable tenderness over an isolated spot. These can be signs of a broken or fractured bone, a sprain, or a complete muscle tear.
Therapeutic ultrasound can be used to break down poorly healed muscle strains and permit them to heal properly.

</doc>
<doc id="2843059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843059" title="Isaly's">
Isaly's

Isaly’s was a chain of family-owned dairies and restaurants started in Mansfield (Richland County), Ohio with locations throughout the American Midwest from the early 20th century until the 1970s. It is best known today for its iconic chipped chopped ham and for creating the famous Klondike Bar ice cream treat, popularized by the slogan "What would you do for a Klondike Bar?". The company was founded by William Isaly, son of Swiss immigrants who settled in Monroe County, Ohio in the 19th century. By the early 1960s, the company boasted retail outlets that stretched from Pennsylvania to Iowa. 
Isaly’s early success was attributed to its loose company structure, which allowed for easy expansion without corporate overhead. William Isaly’s first dairy was established in Mansfield, Ohio where he acquired the Mansfield Pure Milk Company. Isaly expanded the core business from processing milk for sale to other grocers, to operating his own retail stores with milk, ice cream, bread and lunch counter service. Isaly also pioneered the idea of the modern convenience store by opening at least one outlet that also sold gasoline to motorists.
The first expansion of the business took the company to Marion, Ohio after acquiring the Marion Pure Milk Company in 1914. Operated by Charles Isaly, the Marion operation was quickly modernized, and business grew accordingly. From Marion, the company expanded to Youngstown, Ohio and then Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (on the Blvd. of the Allies). Expansion continued through the 1930s and 1940s with additional dairies built from Columbus, Ohio (at North High Street and Arcadia Avenue) west to Iowa. Pittsburgh residents so highly regarded Isaly's that the company was considered a Pittsburgh original.
In its advertising, the dairies used the mnemonic phrase "I Shall Always Love You Sweetheart" to help with the spelling of the Isaly’s name. In Marion, Ohio, Isaly’s fielded an amateur basketball team that played against the Marion, Ohio based Jim Thorpe and His World-Famous Indians and the Buffalo Silents - a team composed of deaf/mute players. 
In the 1930s, Isaly’s began a commercial building program that employed high style art deco / Art Moderne designed production facilities and retail outlets, most of which were designed by architect Vincent (Shooey) Schoeneman. The Youngstown dairy facility represented the apex of this project, with the streamline building (with exterior by architect Charles F. Owsley) dominated by a five-story glass block tower. 
In addition to the Klondike Bar, the dairies were also known for their unique Skyscraper Cones, which eschewed round ice cream scoops, instead using a patented design that resulted in a long, inverse cone shaped dip. The company also had great success in selling chipped chopped ham, sliced (shaved) razor thin for sandwiches. The sandwich was featured on the PBS special Sandwiches That You Will Like. The company also marketed "immunized milk for infants, supplied by special isolated herds of cattle."
Shifting consumer demands, declining sales for home-delivered milk, as well as corporate consolidation led to the closing of Isaly facilities beginning in the 1960s. According to Brian Butko, author of "Klondikes, Chipped Ham, & Skyscraper Cones: The Story of Isaly's", it was the loose company structure – in an era of growing corporate homogeneity - that left Isaly’s unable to compete on the wholesale and retail levels, leading to the closure of its dairies beginning in the mid-1960s. 
Several members of the Isaly family attempted to continue to operate food-service operations. In Pittsburgh, Isaly outlets were converted to the "Sweet William" brand. In Ohio, restaurants operated under the "Isaly Shoppe" name until the mid-1990s when the final outlet closed in Marion, Ohio.
Since 1984, the Isaly's name has enjoyed a comeback of sorts, but one not overseen by members of the Isaly family. Delicatessen Distributing Incorporated of Evans City, Pennsylvania purchased the Isaly trademark name and markets the original quality luncheon meats, cheeses and sauces under the Isaly name in western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio. The concern also distributes Isaly brand ice cream (except Klondikes) to stores in Western Pennsylvania. The Klondike Bar product line is now owned by Unilever. 
There are at least three Isaly's still in operation in southwestern Pennsylvania in the areas of West View, Turtle Creek, and Allegheny East (city neighborhood of Pittsburgh), all retaining most of the classic interior. In June 2012, ownership of the West View Isaly's changed hands. The new owners are keeping everything in the store intact; however, the store name has been slightly changed to "I Shall Always Love You Sweetie", reflecting on Isaly's acronym. To punctuate this, periods have been added after each letter in the classic Isaly's storefront.

</doc>
<doc id="2843060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843060" title="Treaty of Baden">
Treaty of Baden

The Treaty of Baden was the treaty that ended formal hostilities between France and the Holy Roman Empire, who had been at war since the start of the War of the Spanish Succession. It was signed on 7 September 1714 in Baden, Switzerland, and complemented the treaties of Utrecht and of Rastatt, by which Emperor Charles VI accepted the Utrecht Treaty on behalf of the Habsburg Monarchy. In the Baden Treaty, the terms of peace between France and the Holy Roman Empire — formally incomplete — were agreed, and thereby the last of the many conflicts within the War of the Spanish Succession was ended.
The treaty was the first international agreement signed on Swiss territory. In the margins of the conference, the signatories also secretly agreed to a Catholic union to intervene in favour of the Catholic cantons defeated at nearby Villmergen two years previously, as a result of which the Peace of Aarau had ended Catholic hegemony within the Confederacy.

</doc>
<doc id="2843063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843063" title="Michelle Richmond">
Michelle Richmond

Michelle Richmond is an American novelist. She wrote "The Year of Fog", which was a New York Times bestseller.
Biography.
Richmond grew up in Mobile, Alabama, the second of three sisters. She obtained her BA from the University of Alabama and Master of Fine Arts from the University of Miami. She has taught at the University of San Francisco, the California College of the Arts, Saint Mary's College of California in Moraga, at Bowling Green State University and Notre Dame de Namur University. She founded Fiction Attic Press and San Francisco Journal of Books and is also a publisher.
Writing career.
Richmond's first book, the story collection "The Girl in the Fall-Away Dress" (2001), was published by University of Massachusetts Press. Her third book, "The Year of Fog" (2007), originally called Ocean Beach, was published by Delacorte Press and was a New York Times best seller. Her fourth book, "No One You Know" (2008), was published by Delacorte Press.
Richmond's book, "The Year of Fog", won her acclaim including being selected as one of the best books of 2007 by Library Journal, chosen by Kirkus Reviews as a top pick for Reading Groups, was nominated for the Grand prix des lectrices de Elle award, was listed by the San Francisco Chronicle as a notable book and was a New York Times bestseller and a best selling paperback book for Bantam publishers.
She currently serves as a member of the executive council of the Authors Guild.
Awards and recognition.
Richmond obtained the following awards for her writing:
Personal life.
Richmond resides in Northern California with her husband and son.

</doc>
<doc id="2843064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843064" title="Hemolysis (microbiology)">
Hemolysis (microbiology)

Hemolysis (or haemolysis in British English) is the breakdown of red blood cells. The ability of bacterial colonies to induce hemolysis when grown on blood agar is used to classify certain microorganisms. This is particularly useful in classifying streptococcal species. A substance that causes hemolysis is a "hemolysin".
Types.
Alpha.
When alpha hemolysis (α-hemolysis) is present, the agar under the colony is dark and greenish. "Streptococcus pneumoniae" and a group of oral streptococci ("Streptococcus" viridans or viridans streptococci) display alpha hemolysis. This is sometimes called "green hemolysis" because of the color change in the agar. Other synonymous terms are "incomplete hemolysis" and "partial hemolysis". Alpha hemolysis is caused by hydrogen peroxide produced by the bacterium, oxidizing hemoglobin to green methemoglobin.
Beta.
Beta hemolysis (β-hemolysis), sometimes called "complete hemolysis", is a complete lysis of red cells in the media around and under the colonies: the area appears lightened (yellow) and transparent. Streptolysin, an exotoxin, is the enzyme produced by the bacteria which causes the complete lysis of red blood cells. There are two types of streptolysin: Streptolysin O (SLO) and streptolysin S (SLS). Streptolysin O is an oxygen-sensitive cytotoxin, secreted by most Group A streptococcus (GAS), and interacts with cholesterol in the membrane of eukaryotic cells (mainly red and white blood cells, macrophages, and platelets), and usually results in β-hemolysis under the surface of blood agar. Streptolysin S is an oxygen-stable cytotoxin also produced by most GAS strains which results in clearing on the surface of blood agar. SLS affects immune cells, including polymorphonuclear leukocytes and lymphocytes, and is thought to prevent the host immune system from clearing infection. "Streptococcus pyogenes", or Group A beta-hemolytic Strep (GAS), displays beta hemolysis.
Some weakly beta-hemolytic species cause intense beta hemolysis when grown together with a strain of "Staphylococcus". This is called the "CAMP test". "Streptococcus agalactiae" displays this property. "Clostridium perfringens" can be identified presumptively with this test. "Listeria monocytogenes" is also positive on sheep's blood agar.
Gamma.
If an organism does not induce hemolysis, the agar under and around the colony is unchanged, and the organism is called "non-hemolytic" or said to display gamma hemolysis (γ-hemolysis). "Enterococcus faecalis" (formerly called "Group D Strep") displays gamma hemolysis.
Hemedigestion.
This is the nonspecific killing of blood cells by metabolic by-products of bacteria. This can be seen on a blood agar plate, when the blood surrounding the confluent part of your streak turns green, but there is no change around single colonies. Hemedigestion is seen with "Vibrio cholerae".

</doc>
<doc id="2843074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843074" title="Strain">
Strain

Strain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843092" title="Arctic Council">
Arctic Council

The Arctic Council is a high-level intergovernmental forum that addresses issues faced by the Arctic governments and the indigenous people of the Arctic. It has eight member countries: Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden, and the United States.
History of the Arctic Council.
The first step towards the formation of the Council occurred in 1991 when the eight Arctic countries signed the Arctic Environmental Protection Strategy (AEPS). The 1996 Ottawa Declaration established the Arctic Council as forum for promoting cooperation, coordination, and interaction among the Arctic States, with the involvement of the Arctic Indigenous communities and other Arctic inhabitants on issues such as sustainable development and environmental protection. The Arctic Council has conducted studies on climate change, oil and gas, and Arctic shipping.
In 2011, the Council member states concluded the Arctic Search and Rescue Agreement, the first binding treaty concluded under the Council's auspices.
Membership.
Member states.
Only states with territory in the Arctic can be members of the Council. All eight countries are members making the Arctic Council a circumpolar forum. The Council also has permanent and ad hoc observer countries and "permanent participants".
Chairmanship.
Chairmanship of the Council rotates every two years. The current chair is Canada, which serves until the Ministerial meeting in May 2015. Canada (1996–1998) served as first Chair, followed by the United States (1998–2000), Finland (2000–2002), Iceland (2002–2004), Russia (2004–2006), Norway (2006–2009), Denmark (2009-2011) and Sweden (2011-2013). Norway, Denmark, and Sweden agreed on a set of common priorities for their three chairmanships.
Canada will Chair the Council from 2013 to 2015.
The United States will Chair from 2015 to 2017.
Observer states.
Permanent observer states.
Observer status is open to non-Arctic states approved by the Council at the Ministerial Meetings that occur once every two years. Permanent observers have no voting rights in the Council. As of May 2013, twelve non-Arctic states have Permanent Observer status. Observer states receive invitations for most Council meetings. Their participation in projects and task forces within the Working Groups is not always possible, but this poses few problems as few Observer States want to participate at such a detailed level.
Ad hoc observer states.
Ad hoc observer states need to request permission for their presence at each individual meeting; such requests are routine and most of them are granted. There are six ad hoc members, not including the European Union. At the 2013 Ministerial Meeting in Kiruna, Sweden, the EU requested full observer status. It was not granted, mostly because the members do not agree on the EU ban on hunting seals.
The indigenous Permanent Participants (PPs) have mixed views about the increasing group of non-Arctic observers. Some fear that their roles will be marginalized if large players such as India, China and the EU receive more attention.
Nongovernmental observers.
Approved intergovernmental and interparliamentary organizations (both global and regional) and non-governmental organizations can also obtain Observer Status. They include the Arctic Parliamentarians, International Union for Conservation of Nature, the International Red Cross Federation, the Nordic Council, the Northern Forum, United Nations Development Programme, United Nations Environment Programme; and a handful of non-governmental organizations such as the Association of World Reindeer Herders, the University of the Arctic, and the World Wide Fund for Nature-Arctic Programme.
Indigenous peoples.
Seven of the eight member states have sizeable indigenous communities living in their Arctic areas (only Iceland does not). Organizations of Arctic indigenous peoples can obtain the status of Permanent Participant to the Arctic Council, but only if they represent a single indigenous people resident in more than one Arctic State or more than one Arctic indigenous people resident in a single Arctic State. The number of Permanent Participants should at any time be less than the number of members. The category of Permanent Participants has been created to provide for active participation and full consultation with the Arctic indigenous representatives within the Arctic Council. This principle applies to all meetings and activities of the Arctic Council.
Permanent Participants may address the meetings. They may raise points of order that require immediate decision by the Chairman. Agendas of Ministerial Meetings need to be consulted beforehand with them; they may propose supplementary agenda items. When calling the biannual meetings of Senior Arctic Officials, the Permanent Participants must have been consulted beforehand. Finally, Permanent Participants may propose cooperative activities, such as projects. All this makes the position of Arctic indigenous peoples within the Arctic Council quite unique compared to the (often marginal) role of such peoples in other international governmental fora. However, decision making in the Arctic Council remains in the hands of the eight member states, on the basis of consensus.
As of 2010, six Arctic indigenous communities have Permanent Participant status. These groups are represented by the Aleut International Association, Arctic Athabaskan Council, Gwich'in Council International, Inuit Circumpolar Council (ICC), Russian Association of Indigenous Peoples of the North (RAIPON), and the Saami Council. These indigenous organisations vary widely in their organisational capacities and the size of the population they represent. To illustrate, RAIPON represents some 250,000 indigenous people of various (mostly Siberian) tribes; the ICC some 150,000 Inuit. On the other hand, the Gwich'in Council and the Aleut Association each represent only a few thousand people.
It is costly for these groups to be represented at every Council meeting, especially since they take place across the entire circumpolar realm. To enhance the capacity of the PPs to pursue the objectives of the Arctic Council and to assist them develop their internal capacity to participate and intervene in Council meetings, the Council has established—and provides financial support to—the Indigenous Peoples' Secretariat (IPS). The IPS is located in Copenhagen, Denmark and its board decides on the allocation of the funds.
However prominent the role of indigenous peoples, the Permanent Participant status does not confer any legal recognition as peoples. The Ottawa Declaration, the Arctic Council's founding document, explicitly states (in a footnote): "The use of the term 'peoples' in this declaration shall not be construed as having any implications as regard the rights which may attach to the term under international law." Incidentally, the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 13 September 2007 after 22 years of negotiations, was rejected by Canada and the United States, while Russia abstained. Both the United States and Canada have their origins as colonies of the United Kingdom and have large non-indigenous immigrant majorities and small remnant indigenous populations. This means that most Arctic indigenous people were not covered by the rights laid out in the declaration. In November 2010, Canada officially endorsed the declaration and in December of that year President Obama declared the United States would sign the declaration.
Administrative aspects.
Meetings.
The Arctic Council convenes every six months somewhere in the Chair's country for a Senior Arctic Officials (SAO) meeting. SAOs are high-level representatives from the eight member nations. Sometimes they are ambassadors, but often they are senior foreign ministry officials entrusted with staff-level coordination. Representatives of the six Permanent Participants and the official Observers also are in attendance.
At the end of the two-year cycle, the Chair hosts a Ministerial-level meeting, which is the culmination of the Council's work for that period. Most of the eight member nations are represented by a Minister from their Foreign Affairs, Northern Affairs, or Environment Ministry.
A formal, though non-binding, "Declaration", named for the town in which the meeting is held, sums up the past accomplishments and the future work of the Council. These Declarations cover climate change, sustainable development, Arctic monitoring and assessment, persistent organic pollutants and other contaminants, and the work of the Council's five Working Groups.
Arctic Council working groups document Arctic problems and challenges such as sea ice loss, glacier melting, tundra thawing, increase of mercury in food chains, and ocean acidification affecting the entire marine ecosystem. Arctic Council members agreed to action points on protecting the Arctic but most have never materialized.
Locations for the Ministerial meetings:
The secretariat.
Each rotating Chair nation accepts responsibility for maintaining the secretariat, which handles the administrative aspects of the Council, including organizing semiannual meetings, hosting the website, and distributing reports and documents. The Norwegian Polar Institute hosted the Arctic Council Secretariat for the six-year period from 2007 to 2013; this was based on an agreement between the three successive Scandinavian Chairs, Norway, Denmark, and Sweden. This temporary Secretariat had a staff of three.
In 2012 the Council moved towards creating a permanent secretariat in Tromsø, Norway. Magnús Jóhannesson (Iceland) is the director since 1 February 2013.
In addition, the Arctic Council works through six Working Groups and four Programs and Action Plans:
Working Groups
Programs and Action Plans
Security and geopolitical issues.
The Arctic Council is often in the middle of security and geopolitical issues since the Arctic has peculiar interests to Member States and Observers. When the Arctic Council was founded in 1996, peace and security concerns were left out of its mandate. However, changes in the arctic environment and participants of the Arctic Council have led to a reconsideration of the relationship between geopolitical matters and the role of the Arctic Council.
Due to the climate change and melting of the Arctic sea-ice, more energy resources and waterways are now becoming accessible. Large reserves of oil, gas and minerals are located within the Arctic. This environmental factor generated territorial disputes among Member States. The Law of the Sea allows states to extend their EEZ (which allows exploitation of resources) if the states can prove that their continental shelf extends beyond the 200 nm limit. Countries are claiming their sea at the utmost reach from their coastlines. There are disputes over several rocks located between Greenland and Canada, the Bering and Chukchi Seas between Russia and America, and Hans Island and the Lincoln Sea between Canada and Denmark. In addition, a poll indicated that half of Canadian respondents said Canada should try to assert its full sovereignty rights over the Beaufort Sea compared to just 10 percent of Americans. New commercial trans-Arctic shipping routes can be another factor of conflicts. A poll found that Canadians perceive the Northwest Passage as their internal Canadian waterway whereas other countries perceive it as an international waterway.
Increase in number of Permanent Observers drew other national security issues. Observers are showing their interests in the Arctic region. China explicitly shown its desire to extract natural resources in Greenland. Other interests are hidden which can eventually weaken Member States' presence in some way.
Military infrastructure is another point to consider. Except for U.S., defense commitment of Canada, Denmark, Norway and Russia is rapidly growing by military presence and building infrastructure.
However, some say that the Arctic Council facilitates stability despite possible conflicts among Member States. A Norwegian admiral Haakon Bruun Hanssen says the Arctic is “probably the most stable area in the world”. They say that laws are well established and followed. Member states think that sharing cost of the development of Arctic shipping-lanes, research etc. by cooperation and good relationships between states is beneficial to all.
Looking at these two different perspectives, some suggest that Arctic Council should expand its role by including peace and security issues as its agenda. The survey demonstrates that two thirds of constituencies (Nordic states) were very supportive on the issues of an Arctic nuclear-weapons free zone. More than 80 percent of Russians agreed that Arctic Council should cover peace-building issues. They think that solving security matters in the Arctic Council will shorten a great amount of time than in UN. However, as of June 2014, military security matters are often avoided.

</doc>
<doc id="2843099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843099" title="Dacarbazine">
Dacarbazine

Dacarbazine (da-KAR-ba-zeen) (brand names DTIC, DTIC-Dome; also known as DIC or Imidazole Carboxamide) is an antineoplastic chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of various cancers, among them malignant melanoma, Hodgkin lymphoma, sarcoma, and islet cell carcinoma of the pancreas. 
Dacarbazine is a member of the class of alkylating agents, which destroy cancer cells by adding an alkyl group (CnH2n+1) to its DNA. 
Dacarbazine is normally administered by intravenous infusion (IV) under the immediate supervision of a doctor or nurse. Dacarbazine is bioactivated in liver by demethylation to "MTIC" and then to diazomethane, which is an alkylating agent.
History.
Dacarbazine was developed by Y. Fulmer Shealy, Phd at Southern Research Institute in Birmingham, Alabama. Research was funded by a U.S. federal grant. Dacarbazine gained FDA approval in May 1975 as DTIC-Dome. The drug was initially marketed by Bayer.
Side effects.
Like many chemotherapy drugs, dacarbazine may have numerous serious side effects, because it interferes with normal cell growth as well as cancer cell growth. Among the most serious possible side effects are birth defects to children conceived or carried during treatment; sterility, possibly permanent; or immune suppression (reduced ability to fight infection or disease). Dacarbazine is considered to be highly emetogenic, and most patients will be pre-medicated with antiemetic drugs like palonosetron or aprepitant. Other significant side effects include headache, fatigue and occasionally diarrhea.
The Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare has sent out a Black Box Warning and suggests avoiding Dacarbazine due to liver problems.
Common uses.
As of mid-2006, dacarbazine is commonly used as a single agent in the treatment of metastatic melanoma, and as part of the ABVD chemotherapy regimen to treat Hodgkin lymphoma, and in the MAID regimen for sarcoma.
Experimental.
Dacarbazine + Oblimersen. In clinical trials for malignant melanoma.
Suppliers.
Bayer continues to supply DTIC-Dome. There are also generic versions of dacarbazine available from APP, Bedford, Mayne Pharma and Sicor (Teva).

</doc>
<doc id="2843102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843102" title="Ottoman Algeria">
Ottoman Algeria

Ottoman Algeria, formally the Regency of Algiers, was an Ottoman territory centered on Algiers, eventually covering all coastal lands of modern Algeria. It was established in 1525 when Hayreddin Barbarossa captured the city. The Regency of Algiers was the principal center of Ottoman Empire power in the Maghreb. It was also a base from which attacks were made on European shipping. It rivaled and displaced the Zianids, the Hafsids and the Spanish possessions in northern Africa, and was a major hub of Mediterranean piracy and slave markets, until the French conquest of Algeria in 1830.
A remnant of the centuries of Turkish rule is the presence of a population of Turkish origin, the "Kouloughlis".
History.
Establishment.
From 1496, the Spanish conquered numerous possessions on the North African coast, which had been captured since 1496: Melilla (1496), Mers-el-Kebir (1505), Oran (1509), Bougie (1510), Tripoli (1510), Algiers, Shershell, Dellys, and Tenes.
Around the same time, the Ottoman privateer brothers Oruç and Hayreddin—both known to Europeans as Barbarossa, or "Red Beard"—were operating successfully off Tunisia under the Hafsids. In 1516, Oruç moved his base of operations to Algiers and asked for the protection of the Ottoman Empire in 1517, but was killed in 1518 during his invasion of the Kingdom of Tlemcen. Hayreddin succeeded him as military commander of Algiers.
Occupation of Algiers.
Oruç, Hayreddin Barbarossa's brother, captured Algiers in 1516, apart from the Spanish Peñón of Algiers. Following the death of Oruç in 1518 at the hand of the Spanish in the Fall of Tlemcen, Barbarossa requested the assistance of the Ottoman Empire, in exchange for acknowledging Ottoman authority in his dominions. Before Ottoman help could arrive, the Spanish retook the city of Algiers in 1519. Barbarossa recaptured the city definitively in 1525, and in 1529 the Spanish "Peñon" in the capture of Algiers.
Base in the war against Spain.
Hayreddin Barbarossa established the military basis of the regency. The Ottomans provided a supporting garrison of 2,000 Turkish troops with artilley. He left Hasan Agha in command as his deputy when he had to leave for Constantinople in 1533.
The son of Barbarossa, Hasan Pashan was the first governor of the Regency to be directly appointed by the Ottoman Empire in 1544, when his father retired, and took the title of "beylerbey". Algiers became a base in the war against Spain, and also in the Ottoman conflicts with Morocco.
"Beylerbeys" continued to be nominated for unlimited tenures until 1587. After Spain had sent an embassy to Constantinople in 1578 to negotiate a truce, leading to a formal peace in August 1580, the Regency of Algiers was a formal Ottoman territory, rather than just a military base in the war against Spain. At this time, the Ottoman Empire set up a regular Ottoman administration in Algiers and its dependencies, headed by "Pashas", with 3 year terms to help considate Ottoman power in the Maghreb.
Mediterranean piracy.
Despite the end of formal hostilities with Spain in 1580, attacks on Christian, and especially Catholic shipping, with slavery for the captured, became prevalent in Algiers, and was actually the main activity and source of revenues of the Regency.
In the early 17th century, Algiers also became with other North African harbours such as Tunis, one of the bases for Anglo-Turkish piracy, with as many as 8,000 renegades operating from the city in 1634. Hayreddin Barbarossa is credited with tearing down the Peñón of Algiers and using the stone to build the inner harbor.
A contemporary letter states:
Piracy and slavery of Christians originating from Algiers were a major problem throughout the centuries, leading to regular punitive expeditions by European powers. Spain (1567, 1775, 1783), Denmark (1770), France (1661, 1665, 1682, 1683, 1688), England (1622, 1655, 1672), all led naval bombardments against Algiers. Abraham Duquesne fought the Barbary pirates in 1681 and bombarded Algiers between 1682 and 1683, to help Christian captives.
Barbary Wars.
During the early 19th century, the Regency of Algiers again resorted to widespread piracy against shipping from Europe and the young United States of America, mainly due to internal fiscal difficulties. This in turn led to the First Barbary War and Second Barbary Wars, which culminated in August 1816 when Lord Exmouth executed a naval Bombardment of Algiers.
French invasion.
During the Napoleonic Wars, the Regency of Algiers had greatly benefited from trade in the Mediterranean, and of the massive imports of food by France, largely bought on credit by France. In 1827, Hussein Dey, Algeria's Ottoman ruler, demanded that the French pay a 31-year old debt, contracted in 1799 by purchasing supplies to feed the soldiers of the Napoleonic Campaign in Egypt.
The French consul Pierre Deval refused to give answers satisfactory to the dey, and in an outburst of anger, Hussein Dey touched the consul with his fan. Charles X used this as an excuse to break diplomatic relations. The Regency of Algiers would end with the French invasion of Algiers in 1830, followed by subsequent French rule for the next 132 years.
Demography.
As of 1808, the population of the Regency of Algiers numbered around 3 million people, of whom 10,000 were 'Turks' (including people from Kurdish, Muslim Greek and Albanian ancestry) and 5,000 Kouloughlis (from the Turkish "kul oğlu", "son of slaves (Janissaries)", i.e. creole of Turks and local women). By 1830, more than 17,000 Jews were living in the Regency.

</doc>
<doc id="2843112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843112" title="List of solar eclipses seen from China">
List of solar eclipses seen from China

This list of solar eclipses seen from China describes precise visibility information for solar eclipses and major cities in China.
A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby obscuring Earth's view of the Sun. Eclipses can be total, annular, or partial. The zone of a total eclipse where the sky appears dark is often just a few miles wide. This is known as the path of totality.
An eclipse that is "visible from Asia" in general terms might not be visible at all at a specific location. E.g., parts of Sri Lanka may fall into darkness for a few seconds, people in Indonesia, India, and Pakistan enjoy the partial eclipse, and Beijing may be too far away to fall under the moon's shadow.
Occasionally a major city lies in the direct path of an annular or total eclipse, which is of great interest to astronomy buffs – some people make travel arrangements years in advance to observe eclipses. Nearly two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered by oceans, thus a total eclipse at a major metropolitan area where hotels and amenities are available is an event of considerable interest.
List of the previous and the next total and annular solar eclipses.
 * Not part of China

</doc>
<doc id="2843114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843114" title="Robert Bowman">
Robert Bowman

Robert Bowman is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2843119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843119" title="Model Missile">
Model Missile

Model Missile Inc. was the first model rocket company, founded by Orville Carlisle and G. Harry Stine in October 1957 in Denver, Colorado[http://www.answers.com/topic/orville-carlisle].

</doc>
<doc id="2843131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843131" title="Malua Bay, New South Wales">
Malua Bay, New South Wales

Malua Bay (postcode: 2536) is a locality in the South Coast region of the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is situated in the Eurobodalla Shire. At the 2006 census, Malua Bay had a population of 1,907 people. 
Malua Bay town centre is located astride George Bass Drive, which is approximately 13 kilometres drive from the town of Batemans Bay. The town boundaries extend to Dunns Creek Road in the West, Ridge Road to the North, and almost to Burri Road in the South, where it abuts the town of Rosedale. Malua Bay is approximately South of Sydney, and East of Canberra via the Kings Highway.
Malua Bay has a range of beaches and bays on its border with the Tasman Sea, including; Malua Bay Beach, Mosquito Bay, Garden Bay, and McKenzies Beach. Recreational fishing is popular from the rocks at many of these beaches. Surfing is the predominant activity at McKenzies Beach and there is a public-access boat launching ramp at Mosquito Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="2843132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843132" title="Bass, Victoria">
Bass, Victoria

Bass is a small rural town 113 kilometres (70 mi) south-east of Melbourne via the South Gippsland and Bass Highways, in the Bass Coast Shire of Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census, Bass and the surrounding area had a population of 937.
The town is named after George Bass who explored and named Western Port bay in 1798 in a small whaling boat and sailed some distance up the Bass river. A memorial to George Bass stands in the George Bass Park. In 1835 a Scottish immigrant from Kirkudbright Scotland named Samuel Anderson sailed up the Bass River and with a partner Robert Massie established the third permanent settlement in Victoria.Samuel had arrived in Hobart in 1830 aboard the Lang and took up a position as bookkeeper at Circular Head with Van Diemen's Land Company before setting out for Western Port in September 1835. Samuel's brothers Hugh and Thomas joined him at Bass where they established a successful farming venture.
The Anderson graves and some of their descendants are located in the San Remo Cemetery. Descendents of Thomas Anderson, the only brother to marry, remain in the area to this day. In the magazine "Ancestor" vol 3 No 4 1963 a chart shows the royal descent of the Reverend Herbert Potter and his wife Mary Anderson of San Remo from Edward III King of England.
The township of Bass was surveyed and settled in the early 1860s, the Post Office opening on 1 June 1862.
Located near the town is "Wildlife Wonderland", which features the Giant Earthworm Museum. This building allows tourists to crawl through a magnified replica of a worm burrow and a simulated worm's stomach. Displays and educational material on the Giant Gippsland earthworm, which can grow up to 3 metres in length, and other natural history of Gippsland are also featured. Unfortunately, this Museum closed in recent years.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Kilcunda has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Alberton Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2843142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843142" title="Greenfield status">
Greenfield status

Greenfield status (formerly "unrestricted re-use") is an end point wherein a parcel of land that had been in industrial use is, in principle, restored to the conditions existing before the construction of the plant. 
All power plants, coal, gas and nuclear, have a finite life beyond which it is no longer economical to operate them. At this point they must be decommissioned; that is, they must be dismantled and their components disposed of either by sale or scrapping. In some cases the buildings that housed the plant may be put to other uses. However, in many cases contamination is unacceptable and the buildings must be demolished. The land on which the plant sat also may have been polluted with high levels of toxins, and in this case other remedial measures like removal and replacement of the top soil or clay capping may be required to render the site non-hazardous.
It is becoming standard practice in many jurisdictions to mandate a return to greenfield status at the end of plant service as a condition of the initial site license, and potential licensees must demonstrate that steps will be taken to assure the availability of funds via the posting of a reclamation bond for that task before a site-license will be issued. While this concept has mainly applied to the power generating industry, it is coming into wider use in other areas of industrial decommissioning.
"Compare:" Brownfield status

</doc>
<doc id="2843149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843149" title="Maryville Middle School (Tennessee)">
Maryville Middle School (Tennessee)

Maryville Junior High School is a public middle school in Maryville, Blount County, Tennessee. The school, founded in 1956, teaches 776 students in grades eight and nine (Starting 2012-2013). As of the 2011 to 2012 school year, the school principal is Lisa McGinley. The school mascot is the Rebels. The school's motto is "make it a great day or not, the choice is yours," as well as the motto for the 2011-2012 school year, "we are responsible for the energy we create."
Demographically, the school is 93% Caucasian, 3% African American, 2% Asian, and the remainder Hispanic, Native American and Pacific Islander. [http://www.ci.maryville.tn.us/mms/AboutMMS/demographics.htm] One quarter of the school is eligible for free or reduced lunches.
Elective subjects offered at the school include Art, Shop, Drama, Chorus, Band, Orchestra, Learning Labs, Intervention and Reading, Yearbook, and Newspaper.
Some of the after school clubs and activities that are offered include Bass Club, Broadcast Club (FYI Club), Builders Club, Art Club, Junior Beta, Wind Ensemble, and boys and girls sports. After graduating the Ninth grade, students will go to Maryville High School.

</doc>
<doc id="2843158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843158" title="Wheatley, Ontario">
Wheatley, Ontario

Wheatley is a community in Southwestern Ontario, Canada, within the municipality of Chatham-Kent. It lies about east of Leamington. Nearby parks include Two Creeks Conservation Area, which has 15 km of hiking and bicycling paths, Kopegaron Woods Conservation Area, Hillman Marsh Conservation Area and Point Pelee National Park. Rondeau Provincial Park is only a forty-five minute drive to the east. It also boasts Wheatley Provincial Park, home to the endangered Blue Racer snake, which can only be found in the park as well as the Point Pelee National Park and on Pelee Island.
The town has a few beaches, and the Camper's Cove Campsite and beach, as well as Holiday Harbour. It lies on former Highway 3. The town's population in 2006 was 2,322. It is now 2,925, an increase of 26% in five years.
Wheatley is the primary community of licence for CHWI, a television station more popularly associated with the city of Windsor.
Wheatley's sign proclaims it as the "Freshwater Fish Capital of the World" and as a large fishing port located on Lake Erie. It has been home to many fisheries.
Hike Metal Products, a shipbuilding/refitting/fabricating company based at the harbour, is the builder of the "Maid of the Mist", the vessel used at Niagara Falls for the tours under the great Canadian waterfall. It also built the 141-foot "Copasetic", a research vessel, as well as a ferry for the Toronto Island Airport, to take passengers and vehicles from downtown Toronto to the Toronto Islands.
Tourism.
Wheatley hosts a "Fish Festival" each civic holiday weekend, the first weekend of August. Featured at the festival are the Big Boyz Fishing Derby, Smoked Fish Contest, Famous Yellow Perch and Broasted Chicken Dinner (all you can eat), Two Creeks Concerts, Parades, Wheatley Idol and more!
The town also celebrates St. John the Baptist celebration in June, as well as outdoor summer concerts, Two Creeks Conservation Area events, and other community events. It is on the flight path for migratory birds and monarch butterflies and annually attracts birders from around the world.
Elementary & Sports.
Wheatley has an elementary public school, which hosts many different activities and sports. Wheatley has minor and senior soccer, sponsored by the Chatham-Kent Police.
Wheatley's arena, home to the Sharks hockey team, lies directly behind the public school and is NHL-approved. Wheatley's skating lessons are highly acclaimed.
Downtown & Around.
Wheatley's downtown is home to restaurants. Other buildings include Royal Canadian Legion Branch 324, with its collection of militaria, Cellar Door Wines, a pharmacy, The Wheatley Journal, post office, library and bank. Wheatley's Remembrance Day events take place on the library grounds, as do other ceremonies.
Wheatley is now home to Rebel Cowboy Music. Owned by professional musicians and Wheatley residents John and Michele Law. They offer new and vintage music instrument sales and service, as well as a music school that is inspiring and promoting creativity in the area.
Wheatley Woods Native Plant Nursery and Garden Centre opened in April 2005. As a full service garden centre they offer a wide variety of plants, specializing in native plants indigenous to southwestern Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2843162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843162" title="Brandeis Brief">
Brandeis Brief

The Brandeis Brief was a pioneering legal brief that was the first in United States legal history to rely more on a compilation of scientific information and social science than on legal citations. It is named after then-litigator and eventual associate Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis, who presented it in his argument for the 1908 US Supreme Court case "Muller v. Oregon". The brief was submitted in support of a state law restricting the number of hours women were allowed to work. The Brandeis Brief consisted of more than 100 pages, only two of which were devoted to legal argument. The rest of the document contained testimony by medics, social scientists, and male workers arguing that long working hours had a negative effect on the "health, safety, morals, and general welfare of women."
Brandeis's sister-in-law, legal reformer Josephine Clara Goldmark of the National Consumers League, helped compile the brief.
Despite the fact that the scientific evidence detailed in the Brandeis Brief was later challenged and widely refuted, it was regarded as a pioneering attempt to combine law and social science. The Brandeis Brief changed the direction of the Supreme Court and of U.S. law. It became the model for future Supreme Court presentations in cases affecting the health or welfare of classes of individuals. This strategy of combining legal argument with scientific evidence was later successfully used in "Brown v. Board of Education" to demonstrate the harmful psychological effects of segregated education on African-American children.

</doc>
<doc id="2843178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843178" title="Cyberspace Electronic Security Act">
Cyberspace Electronic Security Act

The Cyberspace Electronic Security Act of 1999 (CESA) is a bill proposed by the Clinton administration during the 106th United States Congress that enables the government to harvest keys used in encryption. The Cyberspace Electronic Security Act gives law enforcement the ability to gain access to encryption keys and cryptography methods. The initial version of this act enabled federal law enforcement agencies to secretly use monitoring, electronic capturing equipment and other technologies to access and obtain information. These provisions were later stricken from the act, although federal law enforcement agencies still have a significant degree of latitude to conduct investigations relating to electronic information. The act generated discussion about what capabilities should be allowed to law enforcement in the detection of criminal activity. After vocal objections from civil liberties groups, the administration backed away from the controversial bill.

</doc>
<doc id="2843180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843180" title="Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006">
Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2006 was the fourth edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest for young singers aged 8 to 15. On 2 December 2006, the contest was broadcast live from Bucharest, Romania making it the second time the contest had been held in a capital city. It was organised by the Romanian national broadcaster, Romanian Television (TVR), in co-operation with the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). TVR won the rights of hosting the contest over AVRO of the Netherlands (who hosted the next contest). Croatia also expressed an interest in hosting this contest.
The contest was won by The Tolmachevy Twins from Russia with the song ""Spring Jazz"".
Originally 16 countries had initially signed up for the contest but one unspecified country later dropped out. Radio télévision belge de la communauté française (RTBF) of the French-speaking Wallonia in Belgium left the contest this year after co-hosting the previous edition with Flemish broadcaster Vlaamse Radio- en Televisieomroep (VRT). They claimed that continuing with the contest was not in their interests financially. The viewing figures for the 2005 contest for RTBF were also low. Belgium continued to be represented at the contest by VRT. The show was broadcast live in the competing countries, as well as Andorra, Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Australian television channel Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) that acquired the rights for broadcasting the show, which was broadcast on 1 January 2007. 
Hrvatska radiotelevizija (HRT) of Croatia announced that they would withdraw from the 2007 edition and future contests, as otherwise they would have faced a fine from the EBU as they did not screen this year's event live and did not broadcast it on a nationally available network. Broadcasters previously had to screen the event live and on a channel available to the majority of the public however this rule was scrapped in 2007.
This was Serbia's first Eurovision event as an Independent nation. 
Withdrawn countries.
The Scandinavian broadcasters; DR of Denmark, Norsk rikskringkasting (NRK) of Norway and Sveriges Television (SVT) of Sweden; decided to withdraw from the contest for various reasons, one being that the content put too much pressure on the participating children. Instead they staged a solely Scandinavian contest called Melodi Grand Prix Nordic in Stockholm, as they did in 2002. However, Sweden did participate, with commercial broadcaster TV4 supplying Sweden's entry. This meant that Sweden participated in both contests.
ITV, the United Kingdom broadcaster of the contest from 2003 up until and including 2005, withdrew from the contest, after they were originally given the rights to broadcast it when the BBC declined the offer. In 2003, they broadcast the contest on main channel ITV, relegating it to ITV2 for the next two years due to bad viewer ratings, before their complete withdrawal in 2006.
Monaco had stated an interest to take part in the contest, however did not take part in the contest.
Latvia also withdraw, mainly due to financial reasons. They have not returned before 2010.
Serbia and Montenegro participated in the 2005 contest, but since then, Montenegro voted for independence. The EBU gave their national broadcaster, Radio televizija Crne Gore (RTCG), extra time to decide whether or not to participate, but they finally declined the invitation.
Score sheet.
12 points.
Below is a summary of all 12 points received:

</doc>
<doc id="2843181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843181" title="International Arctic Science Committee">
International Arctic Science Committee

The International Arctic Science Committee (IASC) is a non-governmental organization which is composed of international science groups participating in arctic science research. IASC is an International Scientific Associate of ICSU, and was established in 1990. IASC's main aim is to initiate, develop, and coordinate leading edge scientific activity in the Arctic region, and on the role of the Arctic in the Earth system. It also provides objective and independent scientific advice to the Arctic Council and other organizations on issues of science affecting the management of the Arctic region. The decision-making organs of IASC are the Council and the Executive Committee. The day-to-day operations are supported by its secretariat headed by the executive secretary. IASC's geographical remit covers the Arctice Ocean and the surrounding landmasses.
Since the founding of IASC, the scientific, environmental, economic and political realities of the North have changed dramatically. New problems and challenges ask for new or improved scientific knowledge. This increased need for knowledge of the arctic region has made international cooperation even more essential. In this light IASC has established five Working Groups (WG) that will identify scientific priorities and initiate and stimulate cross-disciplinary initiatives. The Working Groups are ‘living’ groups that rise and fall according to the scientific need of the community. The five Working Groups are:
• Terrestrial WG
• Cryosphere WG
• Marine/AOSB WG
• Atmosphere WG
• Social and Human WG
Arctic Science Summit Week (ASSW)
The ASSW is an initiative of IASC and organized in cooperation with the Pacific Arctic Group (PAG), the International Arctic Social Sciences Association (IASSA), the European Polar Board (EPB) and the Forum of Arctic Research Operators (FARO). The purpose of the summit is to provide opportunities for coordination, collaboration and cooperation in all areas of arctic science, and to combine science and management meetings to save on travel and time. The ASSW also offers insight into arctic research undertaken by the host country.
In 2009, the first Science Symposium was held in Bergen, Norway during the Arctic Science Summit Week. The three day symposium created a platform for exchanging knowledge, cross fertilization and collaboration. Considering the great success of this event, which attracted 300 scientists, students, policy makers and other professionals from over the world, the Science Symposium will take place at the ASSW every other year. The next ASSW with a Science Symposium will take place in March 2011 in Seoul (Republic of Korea).
IASC maintains close links and connections with the following partner organizations:
Research projects.
While maintining an interest in facilitating the effectiveness of arctic science in all fields, IASC selects programmes for direct action. Priority is given to achieving research output within an agreed period of time, e.g.
IASC gives priority to interdisciplinary projects relevant to Arctic science issues which require international cooperation. This is archived by
IASC Secretariat.
The IASC Secretariat implements decisions of the Executive Committee and Council, manages IASC finances, conducts outreach activities and maintains international communication. Since 2009, the IASC Secretariat is based in Potsdam (Germany), hosted and financed by the Alfred Wegener Institute (AWI) for Polar and Marine Research and co-financed by the German Science Foundation (DFG).

</doc>
<doc id="2843195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843195" title="Sikorsky S-300">
Sikorsky S-300

The Sikorsky S-300 (formerly Hughes 300 and Schweizer 300) family of light utility helicopters was originally produced by Hughes Helicopters, as a development of the Hughes 269. Later manufactured by Schweizer Aircraft, the basic design has been in production for almost 50 years. The single, three-bladed main rotor and piston-powered S-300 is mostly used as a cost-effective platform for training and agriculture.
Development.
Background.
In 1955, Hughes Tool Company's Aircraft Division (later Hughes Helicopters) carried out a market survey which showed that there was a demand for a low-cost, lightweight two-seat helicopter. The division began building the Model 269 in September 1955. The prototype flew on 2 October 1956, but it wasn't until 1960 that the decision was made to develop the helicopter for production.
On 9 April 1959, the 269 received certification from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and Hughes continued to concentrate on civil production. With some design changes, deliveries of the Model 269A version began in 1961. By mid-1963 about 20 aircraft were being produced a month and by the spring of 1964, 314 had been built. Hughes had successfully captured a large portion of the civilian helicopter market with an aircraft that would prove itself popular in agriculture, police work and other duties.
Model 300.
In 1964, Hughes introduced the slightly-larger three-seat Model 269B which it marketed as the Hughes 300. That same year, the Hughes 269 set an endurance record of 101 hours. To set the record, two pilots took turns piloting the aircraft and hovered in ground-effect for fueling. To ensure no cheating, eggs were affixed to the bottom of the skid gear to register any record-ending landing.
The Hughes 300 was followed in 1969 by the improved Hughes 300C (sometimes 269C), which first flew on 6 March 1969 and received FAA certification in May 1970. This new model introduced a more powerful 190 hp (140 kW) Lycoming HIO-360-D1A engine and increased diameter rotor, giving a payload increase of 45%, plus overall performance improvements. It was this model that Schweizer began building under license from Hughes in 1983.
In 1986, Schweizer acquired all rights to the helicopter from McDonnell Douglas, which had purchased Hughes Helicopters in 1984. After Schweizer acquired the FAA Type Certificate, the helicopter was known for a short time as the Schweizer-Hughes 300C and then simply, the Schweizer 300C. The basic design remained unchanged over the years, despite Schweizer making over 250 minor improvements.
Schweizer was purchased on August 26, 2004 by Sikorsky Aircraft. The Schweizer 300 models fill a gap in the Sikorsky helicopter line, which is known for its medium and heavy utility and cargo helicopters.
In February 2009, the 300C was rebranded as the Sikorsky S-300C.
Derivatives.
Between Hughes and Schweizer, and including foreign-licensed production civil and military training aircraft, nearly 3,000 units of the Model 269/300 have been built and flown over the last 50 years. Schweizer continued to develop the Model 300 by adding a turbine and redesigning the body to create the Schweizer 330. Further developing the dynamic components to take greater advantage of the power of the turbine engine led to the development of the Schweizer S-333.
Design.
The Hughes 269 was created with a fully articulated, counter-clockwise rotating, three-bladed main rotor, and a two-bladed tail rotor that would remain as distinctive characteristics of all its variants. It also has shock absorber-dampened, skid-type landing gear. The flight controls are directly linked to the control surfaces of the helicopter so there are no hydraulics in the 269. There are generally two sets of controls, although this was optional on the civil 269A. For three-seat aircraft, the middle collective control stick is removable and a seat cushion can be put in its place for the third passenger. In the 300CB and 300CB"i", the collective control can be repositioned to left-handed configuration for the Pilot In Command position (right seat).

</doc>
<doc id="2843199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843199" title="Ladon (mythology)">
Ladon (mythology)

Ladon (Greek: Λάδων; gen.: Λάδωνος) is the name of a monster in Greek mythology.
Mythology.
Ladon was the serpent-like dragon that twined and twisted around the tree in the Garden of the Hesperides and guarded the golden apples. He was overcome by Heracles. The following day, Jason and the Argonauts passed by on their chthonic return journey from Colchis and heard the lament of "shining" Aegle, one of the four Hesperides, and viewed the still-twitching Ladon. 
Ladon was given several parentages, each of which placed him at an archaic level in Greek myth: the offspring of "Ceto, joined in heated passion with Phorcys" or of Typhon, who was himself serpent-like from the waist down, and Echidna or of Gaia herself, or Hera: "The Dragon which guarded the golden apples was the brother of the Nemean lion" asserted Ptolemy Hephaestion. In one version, Heracles did not kill Ladon. 
The image of the dragon (Ladon) coiled round the tree, originally adopted by the Hellenes from Near Eastern and Minoan sources, is familiar from surviving Greek vase-painting. In the 2nd century CE, Pausanias saw among the treasuries at Olympia an archaic cult image in cedar-wood of Heracles and the apple-tree of the Hesperides with the dragon coiled around it. 
Diodorus Siculus gives an euhemerist interpretation of Ladon, as a human shepherd guarding a flock of golden-fleeced sheep, adding "But with regards to such matters it will be every man’s privilege to form such opinions as accord with his own belief". 
Ladon is the constellation Draco, according to Hyginus' "Astronomy". Ladon is the Greek version of the West Semitic serpent Lotan, or the Hurrian serpent Illuyanka. He might be given multiple heads, a hundred in Aristophanes' "The Frogs" (a passing remark in line 475), which might speak with different voices. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843201" title="Secret language">
Secret language

Secret language may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843232" title="Medication Administration Record">
Medication Administration Record

A Medication Administration Record or MAR (eMAR for electronic versions) is the report that serves as a legal record of the drugs administered to a patient at a facility by a health care professional. The MAR is a part of a patient's permanent record on their medical chart. The health care professional signs off on the record at the time that the drug or device is administered. MARs are commonly referred to as drug charts. Electronic versions may be referred to as e-MARs.
Format.
The actual chart varies from hospital to hospital and country to country. However they are typically of the format:
Kardex.
A kardex ("plural" kardexes) is a genericised trademark for a medication administration record. The term is common in Ireland and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="2843241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843241" title="Fort Niobrara Wilderness">
Fort Niobrara Wilderness

The Fort Niobrara Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of Nebraska, near Valentine. Created by an act of Congress in 1976, the wilderness is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and covers an area of 4,635 acres (18.75 km2) within Fort Niobrara National Wildlife Refuge. The wilderness lies along the northern banks of the Niobrara River (which is designated as the Niobrara National Scenic River through the refuge and beyond), providing sanctuary to bison, prairie dogs, mule deer, river otter and the threatened bald eagle. A mixture of flat prairie and wooded ravines, there are no maintained trails in the wilderness. Access is only allowed during daylight hours and there is no camping or fires allowed, although one can do so outside the wilderness in the remaining sections of the refuge. Additionally, no hunting is allowed in this wilderness.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are allowed with a proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting (in season).

</doc>
<doc id="2843244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843244" title="Atimia">
Atimia

Atimia was a form of disenfranchisement used under classical Athenian democracy. 
Under democracy in ancient Greece, only free adult Greek males were enfranchised as full citizens. Women, foreigners, children and slaves were not full citizens; they could not vote or hold public office, and they had to have adult males act as guardians of their property and other interests. 
A man who was made "atimos", literally without honour or value, was likewise disenfranchised and disempowered, making him unable to carry out the political functions of a citizen. He could not attend assembly meetings, serve as a juror in Heliaia or bring actions before the courts.
Being barred from assembly would effectively end a citizen's political ambition. Not being able to use the courts to defend oneself against enemies could be socially crippling. It also meant the loss of the small income that jury service and attendance at the assembly provided, which could be significant for poor people unable to work.
Atimia could be inflicted as a penalty by the courts for crimes such as adultery or refusing to divorce a wife who had been seduced; or for being the passive partner in a male homosexual relationship, who was considered too feminized and "made a woman" by that role. It was also automatically imposed if a debt to the state was unpaid after a certain time, for instance if someone was unable to pay a fine. There was no upper limit on the fines courts could impose and they could well be larger than a person's entire estate. Just as this debt was inheritable, so was the status.
Failure to abide by atimia was seen as an attack on the power of the people, represented by the courts that had imposed it. Failing to comply with atimia could lead to the death penalty.

</doc>
<doc id="2843249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843249" title="Rajas con crema">
Rajas con crema

Rajas con crema is the name given to a Mexican dish consisting of sliced Poblano pepper with cream (the name literally means "slices" in Spanish). It is very popular in Mexico, particularly in the central and southern parts of the country. It is one of the dishes most commonly served during "taquizas" (taco parties), together with tinga, mole, chicharrón, and papas con chorizo.
Preparation of the dish involves roasting, peeling and slicing the peppers, sauteing them together with sliced onions, and simmering the mixture with cream. Sometimes chicken broth is added for flavor.

</doc>
<doc id="2843255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843255" title="Balch Hall">
Balch Hall

Balch Hall is the only remaining all-female dormitory on the North Campus of Cornell University. Technically, Balch Hall consists of four eighty-student halls, hence the more accurate name the Balch Halls, which has fallen out of use. The dormitory is very large and usually has a very quiet, peaceful atmosphere. Balch Hall is only open to female freshman and is divided into sections, known as units, each with a Residential Advisor who helps the new students acclimate themselves with the campus. This dorm is unique due to its old fashioned design as each room has a personal sink, or shares a sink with one other room. The dorm also houses the Carol Tatkon Center in which the residents can borrow movies, games, baking pans and other similar objects.
History.
In 1920, Cornell founded a committee to research the feasibility of constructing a new women's dormitory to meet the needs of the growing community. In 1922, Frederick Ackerman submitted a basic plot for the construction of a dormitory on North Campus and, with approval of the University's Architectural Advisory Board, began seeking donors with the promise that Cornell would pay for up to half of the building's construction. In 1928, the University accepted the $1,650,000 donation of Allen C. Balch '1889 and Janet Balch, a graduate student from 1886-88. When Balch opened in September 1929, it became the third female residential college at Cornell, after Sage College and Risley Hall.
According to legend, Janet Balch insisted that her husband donate the money for the dormitory after attending an event at Allen's fraternity, Alpha Delta Phi. The story goes that Mrs. Balch was offended by the behavior of the undergraduate brothers at an Alpha Delta Phi function. She insisted that her husband did not donate further funds to the fraternity and instead build a dormitory dedicated to the welfare of female students.
To this day, as the Balches requested, the dormitory has remained an all-female dormitory.
Facilities.
On North Campus, Balch stands out for its majestic English Renaissance style. Originally, each of the four halls were decorated differently in "Early American, Georgian, English Jacobean, and modern Grammercy Park". At the end of Spring 2000 semester, the dining hall was closed and has been converted into a student center, cafe, and lecture hall known as the Carol Tatkon Center. The dorm rooms are unique in that each has its own working sink.
In popular culture.
Balch Hall (or a model of it) was used in the film "Love Potion No. 9" when Paul, the male lead character, uses the potion to take advantage of the all female dormitory. This section of the film shows lights in different rooms turning on and off to the sounds of Beethoven's 5th Symphony as he "visits" the different women. Paul is quickly arrested for this disturbance.

</doc>
<doc id="2843257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843257" title="Serbia in the Middle Ages">
Serbia in the Middle Ages

Тhe medieval history of Serbia begins in the 6th century AD with the Slavic invasion of the Balkans, and lasts until the Ottoman occupation of 1540.
Early Middle Ages.
Slavic invasion.
The Slavs invaded Balkans during Justinian I's rule (AD 527–565), and eventually up to 100,000 Slavs raided Thessalonica. The Western Balkans were settled by "Sclaveni" (Sklavenoi), the east by Antes. 
The Sklavenoi plundered Thrace in 545. In 551, the Slavs passed Niš and initially headed for Thessalonica, but ended up in Dalmatia. During the 6th and 7th centuries, Slavic tribes made eight attempts to take Niš and in the final attack in 615 the Slavs took the city.
Menander Protector mentions a King of the Sklavenoi, Daurentius (577–579) who killed an Avar envoy of Khagan Bayan I. The Avars asked the Slavs to accept their suzerainty, but Daurentius declined and is reported as saying: "Others do not conquer our land, we conquer theirs [...] so it shall always be for us".
In 577 some 100,000 Slavs poured into Thrace and Illyricum, pillaging cities and settling there.
By the 580s, as the Slav communities on the Danube became larger and more organised, and the Avars exerted their influence, raids became larger and resulted in permanent settlement. In 586, as many as 100,000 Slav warriors raided Thessaloniki. By 581, many Slavic tribes had settled the land around Thessaloniki, though never taking the city itself, creating a "Macedonian Sclavinia". As John of Ephesus tells us in 581: "the accursed people of the Slavs set out and plundered all of Greece, the regions surrounding Thessalonica, and Thrace, taking many towns and castles, laying waste, burning, pillaging, and seizing the whole country." 
Archaeological evidence in Serbia and Macedonia shows that the White Serbs may have reached the Balkans earlier than thought, between 550–600, as many findings of fibulae and pottery at Roman forts point to Serbian characteristics and thus could have represebnt traces of either part of the Byzantine "foedorati" or a fraction of the early invading Slavs who upon organizing in their refuge of the Dinarides, formed the ethnogenesis of Serbs and were pardoned by the Byzantine Empire after acknowledging their suzerainty.
According to Constantine Porphyrogenitus, a Byzantine Emperor of the 10th century, the White Serbs migrated from White Serbia and initially settled around the region of Thessaloniki. This was not to their liking, and they instead settled a region farther south- a large proportion of what had been the Roman province of Illyricum. On the Adriatic coast, these Serbs formed four coastal principalities known as Neretva, Zahumlje, Konavli and Trebinje and Duklja. Inland, they were given land to settle in what is now Serbia (i.e. the region of the Lim and Piva rivers). It retained the old name of Serbia, often called "Baptised Serbia" by the Byzantines, because it was Christianized (unlike the still pagan White Serbs in northern Europe).
Constantine's work, "De Administrando Imperio", has attracted intense academic debate. On one hand, some scholars hold it to be a true account of the period, thus concluding that Neretvians, Zachlumians, Dukljians, Travunians and southeastern Bosnians are descendants of Serbs that took on new tribal names, and due to geographical and political factors developed an often independent history from Raška, the region of Serbia proper that became synonymous with the name "Serbia" from the 12th century onwards. Others argue that Constantine's account may have merely been a reflection of the political situation during "his" time (i.e. the 10th century) – whereby his liege Časlav Klonimirović wielded command over the various Slavic lands south of the Cetina and Vrbas rivers. Moreover, although possible, there is little archaeological evidence supporting a long-distance Serb migration from White Serbia, and indeed little evidence that a political entity known as White Serbia actually existed. There were a few South Slavic tribes in the Middle Ages that had contemporary name-sakes amongst Western and Eastern Slavic tribes, such as the Croats, Severians and Abodrites. We do not know whether it actually represented a shared identity. Florin Curta suggests that the Serbs might have been a clan of Slavic-speaking warriors, who formed "within" the Balkans, and slowly extended their power, and hence their name, over a greater territory.
The early history of Serbia is characterised by one of fluctuating borders and shifting centres of rule. For much of this period, there were several Serb states existing at any one time. Daniele Farlati used the term "Serbia Primorje" (Serbia by the sea) when referring to the coastal provinces, whilst he called the interior part "Serbia Zagorje". The two most prominent Serb states were Duklja (or Zeta) and Raška; they provided the territorial nucleus for a succession of Serb kingdoms that in the 13th century were consolidated under the Nemanjić dynasty. Centred in Raška, the Nemanjićs ushered a golden period in Serbian history, whereby it became a dominant Balkan power. 
Medieval Greek and Latin historiographers call the Serbians "Triballi". This does not necessarily indicate a relation of Serbians with the ancient tribe with the same name. Laonikos Chalkokondyles (1430–1490) says that at his time the Triballian land is around the area where river Morava meets Istrus (Danube) river (""... per regionem Triballorum. Ea autem region est, quam alluit Morabas fluvius, et in Istrum effunditur."").
First Serbian Principality.
Upon their initial arrival, the Slavs formed no uniform political organization, but rather remained divided into many tribes of various sizes, referred to as "Sklaviniai" by the Byzantines. These groups were led by native chiefs. Perhaps the tribes were organized into "župa", a form of territorial organization learned from the native Illyrians, being roughly equivalent to a county. Each župa consisted of several villages, linked by clan (i.e. extended family) relationships.
An embryonic Serbian state formed in the 9th century. At this time, the Bulgarian Khanate was expanding westward, and had already installed Bulgar despots over the Slavic tribes which inhabited what is present-day northern Serbia - the Srem region and eastern Slavonia. At the same time, it pushed into Macedonia from the south, effectively encircling the Serbs. As a response to this, with Byzantine support, a few Serbian zhupa united defensively under the lead of Knez (‘Prince’) Vlastimir- the founder of the Vlastimirovic dynasty. The extent and location of this early Serb principality is not known with certainty, but it probably lay in present day southern Serbia and southeastern Bosnia "in the difficult country between the Rivers Drina and Ibar". In between the Serb principality and the Adriatic coastline existed three minor 'principalities', Travunia, Zachlumia and Pagania. At this time Duklja did not exist as a political entity, as its eastern parts were part of Vlastimir's realm whilst the coastal cities were ruled by Byzantine governors. To the north, the Croats were beginning to consolidate into a Principality, whilst to the east loomed the Bulgarian Empire. Archaeological evidence shows that the fort of Ras, marked the early Serb-Bulgarian border.
The Bulgarian invasion came sometime in the 840s, but was repelled by Knez Vlastimir. Vlastimir gave his daughter's hand to the son of the Zhupan of Travunia, Balaes. This established a long-lasting allegiance. Travunia henceforth acknowledged Serbia's authority, and was incorporated in Serbia as a semi-independent principality. Vlastimir's sons- Mutimir, Gojnik and Stojmir- defeated another Bulgarian attack c.853, capturing Khan Boris’ son, Vladimir, and twelve leading boljars. They escorted Vladimir to Ras, at the Serb-Bulgarian border, exchanged gifts and concluded a peace treaty. However, this early princedom was far from a consolidated, centralized state, and the various zhupans retained considerable independence. Rather than practising primogeniture, Slavic rulers practiced "staresina", where rule fell upon the eldest person in the extended family (rather than the son of the King). The realm would then be split between the surviving brothers, sons, nephews and cousins. Such tradition repeatedly caused succession strife.
Sometime after defeating the Bulgarians, Mutimir ousted his brothers (who fled to Bulgaria). He kept Gojnik's son Peter in his court, but he managed to escape to Croatia. Mutimir ruled until 890, being succeeded by his son Prvoslav. However, Prvoslav was overthrown by Petar Gojnikovic, who had returned from his exile in Croatia c. 892. The name Peter is Christian; suggesting that Christianity had started to permeate into Serbia, undoubtedly through Serbia's contacts with the Bulgarians and Byzantines. Peter secured himself on the throne (after fending off a challenge from Klonimir, son of Stojmir) and was recognised by Tsar Symeon of Bulgaria. An alliance was signed between the two states. Already having Travunia's loyalty, Peter began to expand his state north and west. He annexed the Bosna River valley, and then moved west securing allegiance from the Pagans - who were fiercely independent, pirateering Slavs. However, Peter's expansion into Dalmatia brought him into conflict with Prince Michael of Zahumlje. Michael had also grown powerful, ruling not only Zachlumia, but exerting his influence over Travunia and Dioklea. Porphyrogenitus explains that Michael's roots were different from Vlastimirovici, and was unwilling to yield authority to Peter.
Although allied to Symeon, Peter became increasingly disgruntled by the fact that he was essentially subordinate to him. Peter's expansion toward the coast facilitated contacts with the Byzantines, by way of the strategos of Dyrrachium. Searching for allies against Bulgaria, the Byzantines showered Peter with gold and promises of greater independence if he would join their alliance- a convincing strategy. Peter might have been planning an attack on Bulgaria with the Magyars, showing that his realm had stretched north to the Sava river. However, Michael of Zahumlje fore-warned Symeon of this plan, since Michael was an enemy of Peter, and a loyal vassal of Symeon. What followed was multiple Bulgarian interventions and a succession of Serb rulers. Symeon attacked Serbia (in 917) and deposed Peter, placing Pavel Branovic (a grandson of Mutimir) as Prince of Serbia, subordinate to Symeon (although some scholars suggest that Symeon took control over Serbi directly at this time). Unhappy with this, the Byzantines then sent Zaharije Prvoslaviljevic in 920 to oust Pavel, but he failed and was sent to Bulgaria as prisoner. The Byzantines then succeeded in turning Prince Pavel to their side. In turn, the Bulgarians started indoctrinating Zaharije. Zaharije invaded Serbia with a Bulgarian force, and ousted his cousin Pavel in 922. However, he too turned to Byzantium. A punitive force sent by the Bulgarians was defeated. Zaharije sent the heads of the Bulgarian generals to Emperor Romanus as a sign of his loyalty to the Byzantines. Thus we see a continuous cycle of dynastic strife amongst Vlastimir's successors, stirred on by the Byzantine and Bulgarians, who were effectively using the Serbs as pawns. Whilst Bulgarian help was more effective, Byzantine help seemed preferable.
Simeon made peace with the Byzantines to settle affairs with Serbia once and for all. Frustrated by the traitorous smaller neighbor militarily, the Bulgarians decided to finish the things once and for all. In 924, he sent a large army accompanied by Časlav, son of Klonimir. The army forced Zaharije to flee to Croatia. The Serbian zhupans were then summoned to recognize Čáslav as the new Prince. When they came, however, they were all imprisoned and taken to Bulgaria, as too was Čáslav. Much of Serbia was ravaged, and many people fled to Croatia, Bulgaria and Constantinople. Simeon made Serbia into a Bulgarian province, so that Bulgaria now bordered Croatia and Zahumlje. He then resolved to attack Croatia, because it was a Byzantine ally and had sheltered the Serbian Prince. At the battle of the Bosnian highlands, Croatia's King Tomislav defeated the Bulgarians, whilst Prince Michael of Zahumlje maintained neutrality. During the fall of central Serbia, Michael was the pre-eminent Serb prince, having been awarded the honorary title of "Patriakos" by the Byzantine Emperor, and may have ruled over Zachlumia, Travunia and Dioklea.
The Bulgarian subjugation of Serbia was for only three years. After Symeon died, Časlav Klonimirović (927 - c. 960s) led Serb refugees back to Serbia. He secured the allegiance of the Dalmatian duchies and expelled Bulgarian rule from central Serbia. After Tomislav's death, Croatia was in near anarchy as his sons vied for sole rule, so Čáslav was able to extend his rule north to the Vrbas river (gaining the allegiance of the chiefs of the various Bosnian zhupa). During this apogee of Serbian power, Christianity and culture penetrated Serbia as the Serb prince lived in peaceful and cordial relations with the Byzantines.
However, strong as it had grown to be, Serbia's power (as other early Slavic states) was only as strong as its ruler. There was no centralized rule, but was a more a confederacy of Slavic principalities. The existence of the unified Grand Principality was dependent on the allegiance of the lesser princes to Časlav. When he died defending Bosnia against Magyar incursions (sometime between 950–960), the coalition disintegrated. The various zhupans and princes previously loyal to Časlav undoubtedly tried to carve out their own realms, falling into conflict with each other. We do not know the details, and we do not know the names of any rulers- perhaps because no one was prominent enough to be noted. We do know that in the 990s, Jovan Vladimir rose as the most powerful Serbian noble, carving out a principality centered on the coast of modern Montenegro. This state became known as Duklja, after the ancient Roman town of Doclea. However, by 997, it had been conquered and made subject to Bulgaria again by tsar Samuel. When the Byzantines finally defeated the Bulgarians, they regained control over most of the Balkans for the first time in four centuries. Serbian lands were governed by a strategos presiding over the Theme of Sirmium. However, local Serbian princes continued to reign as suzerains to the Byzantines, maintaining total autonomy over their lands, such as the zhupanate of Rascia while only nominally being Byzantine vassals. Forts were maintained in Belgrade, Sirmium, Nis and Branicevo. These were, for the most part, in the hands of local nobility, which often revolted against Byzantine rule.
High Middle Ages.
Emergance and fall of Duklja under the Vojislavljević.
For the next 150 years, the mantle of leadership of the Serbs passed to the coastal areas, where the principality of Duklja had arisen. The dynasty began by prince Stefan Vojislav created a powerful and influential state that took all Serbian lands from under the Byzantine rule. During this time, we know very little about the events in Serbia Zagorje (inland), because Byzantine attention was focused primarily on the coastal Serbs. Duklja was also the first Serbian kingdom, which gained international recognition. Prince Mihajlo received the king's crown from the Pope in 1077. His successor king Bodin enlarged the domain, but the Kingdom of Duklja didn't last for a long time. Byzantine Empire conquers Duklja in 1101.
Vukanović dynasty.
The Serbian Grand Principality, also known as "Rascia", was founded in 1090, and ended with the elevation to Kingdom in 1217. During the reign of Constantine Bodin, the "King of Duklja", Vukan was appointed to rule Rascia as a vassal, and when Bodin was captured by the Byzantines, Vukan became independent and took the title of "Grand Prince". When Bodin had died, Rascia became the strongest entity, in which the Serbian realm would be seated, in hands of the Vukanović dynasty. Uroš I, the son of Vukan, ruled Serbia when the Byzantines invaded Duklja, and Rascia would be next in line, but with diplomatic ties with the Kingdom of Hungary, Serbia retained its independence. Uroš II initially fought the Byzantines, but after a defeat soon gives oaths of servitude to the Emperor. Desa, the brother of Uroš II and an initial Byzantine ally, turned to Hungarian support, but was deposed in 1163, when Stefan Tihomir of a cadet line (which would become Nemanjić dynasty), was put on the throne by the Emperor.
Nemanjić dynasty.
Stefan Nemanja was succeeded by his middle son Stefan, whilst his first-born son Vukan was given the rule of the Zeta region (present-day Montenegro). Stefan Nemanja's youngest son Rastko became a monk and took the name Sava, turning all his efforts to spread religion among his people. Since the Roman Catholic Church already had ambitions to spread its influence to the Balkans as well, Stefan used these propitious circumstances to obtain his crown from the Pope, thereby becoming the first Serbian king, in 1217. In Byzantium, his brother Sava managed to secure autocephaly (independence) for the Serbian Church and became the first Serbian archbishop in 1219. In the same year Sava published the first constitution in Serbia — St. Sava's Nomocanon (). This legal act was well developed. St. Sava's Nomocanon was the compilation of Civil law, based on Roman Law and Canon law, based on Ecumenical Councils and its basic purpose was to organize functioning of the young Serbian kingdom and the Serbian church. Thus the Serbs acquired both forms of independence: political and religious.
The next generation of Serbian rulers — the sons of Stefan Prvovenčani — Radoslav, Vladislav and Uroš I, marked a period of stagnation of the state structure. All three kings were more or less dependent on some of the neighbouring states — Byzantium, Bulgaria or Hungary. The ties with the Hungarians played a decisive role in the fact that Uroš I was succeeded by his son Dragutin whose wife was a Hungarian princess. Later on, when Dragutin abdicated in favor of his younger brother Milutin (in 1282), the Hungarian king Ladislaus IV gave him lands in northeastern Bosnia, the region of Mačva, and the city of Belgrade, whilst he managed to conquer and annex lands in northeastern Serbia. Thus, some of these territories became part of the Serbian state for the first time. His new state was named "Kingdom of Srem". In that time the name "Srem" was a designation for two territories: "Upper Srem" (present day Srem) and "Lower Srem" (present day Mačva). Kingdom of Srem under the rule of Stefan Dragutin was actually Lower Srem, but some historical sources mention that Stefan Dragutin also ruled over Upper Srem and Slavonia. After Dragutin died (in 1316), the new ruler of the "Kingdom of Srem" became his son, king Vladislav II, who ruled this state until 1325.
Under the rule of Dragutin's younger brother — King Milutin, Serbia grew stronger despite having to occasionally fight wars on three different fronts. King Milutin was an apt diplomat much inclined to the use of a customary medieval diplomatic and dynastic marriages. He was married five times, with Hungarian, Bulgarian and Byzantine princesses. He is also famous for building churches, some of which are the finest examples of Medieval Serbian architecture: the Gračanica monastery in Kosovo, the Cathedral in Hilandar monastery on Mount Athos, the St. Archangel Church in Jerusalem etc.
Because of his endowments, King Milutin has been proclaimed a saint, in spite of his tumultuous life.
Late Middle Ages.
Milutin was succeeded on the throne by his son Stefan, later dubbed Stefan Dečanski. Spreading the kingdom to the east by winning the town of Nis and the surrounding counties, and to the south by acquiring territories on Macedonia, Stefan Dečanski was worthy of his father and built the Visoki Dečani monastery in Metohija — the most monumental example of Serbian Medieval architecture — that earned him his nickname. Stefan Dečanski defeated the Bulgarians in Battle of Velbužd in 1330.
In 1333 the Republic of Dubrovnik bought the Pelješac peninsula from the Serbian king Stefan Dušan.
Medieval Serbia reached its apex in the middle of the 14th century, during the rule of Tsar Dušan. In that time Dušan's Code () was enacted in 1349 and added in 1354. The Code was based on Roman-Byzantine law. The legal transplanting is notable with the articles 171 and 172 of Dušan's Code, which regulated the juridical independence. They were taken from the Byzantine code Basilika (book VII, 1, 16-17). Tsar Dušan opened new trade routes and strengthened the state's economy. Serbia flourished, becoming one of the most developed countries and cultures in Europe. Medieval Serbia had a high political, economic, and cultural reputation in Europe.
Taking advantage of the Byzantine civil war of 1341–1347, Dušan doubled the size of his kingdom seizing territories to the south, southeast and east at the expense of Byzantium and conquered almost the entire territory of today's Greece, except the Peloponnese and the islands. After he conquered the city of Serres, he was crowned the Emperor of Serbs and Greeks by the first Serbian Patriarch in 1346. He was attempting to become the successor of the Byzantine Emperors. Before his sudden death, Stefan Dušan tried to organize a Crusade with the Pope against the threatening Turks. He died in December 1355 at the age 47.
Decline and Ottoman conquest.
Tsar Stefan Dušan was succeeded by his son Uroš, called the Weak, a term that might also apply to the state of the kingdom, as it slowly slid into feudal anarchy. Its fall was inevitable. This is a period marked by the rise of a new threat: the Ottoman Turk sultanate, which gradually spread from Asia to Europe and conquered Byzantium first, and then the other Balkan states. Serbia was divided between the feudal lords. The most powerful was Vukašin Mrnjavčević, who was the right hand of Stefan Uroš, but he died in the Battle of Maritsa in his campaign to drive the Turks out of Europe. Tsar Uroš died several months later, and with his death, the Nemanjić dynasty was over. However, a new figure emerged - Lazar Hrebeljanović, who managed to unite most of Serbia with war and diplomacy. He could not unite all of Serbia, because some of the regional feudal lords were significantly powerful, and yet he had to fight the greater threat, the Ottoman Empire. The first raids on Lazar's territory began in 1381, but the real invasion came in 1389. Lazar gathered every soldier he could, leading Serbian army to face the Turks. 
On 28 July 1389 the two armies met at Kosovo, in what became known as the Battle of Kosovo. The attack began with the Serbs penetrating the first 2 lines of the Turkish army, and completely destroyed the right flank, under the command of the sultan's son, Yakub. At one point in the battle, a Serbian knight Miloš Obilić managed to assassinate the Ottoman sultan, Murad I. His son, Bayezid I, took command of the army and managed to defeat the Serbs and to capture Prince Lazar and execute him. The losses are unknown, but it is said that the Serbian-led army fought to the last man. After the Battle of Kosovo there was no army among the Balkan states capable of halting the advancing Ottoman Empire and the first victim was the Bulgarian Tarnovo state, which fell four years later. Serbia however managed to recuperate under despot Stefan Lazarević, surviving for 70 more years, experiencing a cultural and political renaissance, but after Stefan Lazarević's death, his successors from the House of Branković did not manage to stop the Ottoman advance. Serbia finally fell under the Ottomans in 1459, and remained under their occupation until 1804, when Serbia finally managed to regain its sovereignty from the Ottomans.

</doc>
<doc id="2843260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843260" title="WULM">
WULM

WULM "Radio Maria" 1600-AM (for "Under (Our) Lady's Mantle") is an American non-commercial AM radio station licensed in Springfield, Ohio serving the Springfield and Dayton area with Catholic inspirational programming. It operates at 1600 kHz with a power output of 1,000 watts daytime and with a reduced power of 34 watts nighttime. It is a repeater of KJMJ 580 kHz in Alexandria, Louisiana, the originating English-language station of Radio Maria USA.
History.
WULM's history dates back to 1946 when it was founded as commercial daytime station WJEL. At the time of its founding, the station was licensed in nearby Dayton, Ohio. Country music singer Donnie Bowser (Bowshier), a Springfield resident performed frequently on WJEL's live Saturday night program. In 1954, the station was moved to Springfield and was given new call letters: WBLY, which previously had been used by the present-day WIMA in Lima, Ohio. The BLY in WBLY stood for Bailey, Lucas and Yontz. The Initials of the Three principal owners. The stations move was nearly coincidental with the move of Springfield station WWSO to Dayton, where it became WAVI (now known as the AM incarnation of WDAO formerly at 107.7 FM). WBLY's studios were first located in the Chamber of Commerce building at the corner of Spring and High streets in the early 1950s then moving to a more modern facility at 1711 West Main Street along with sister WBLY-FM which would later become WAZU (formerly WJEM, the FM sister to the original WJEL.)
The station used the call letters WBLY from 1954 to 2002. It was owned and operated by Champion City Broadcasting which in the mid-1980s moved its studios to the restored (original) city building located downtown along with WAZU-FM prior to being sold off in the 1990s leaving WBLY without an FM. Bob Yontz sold the remaining AM station to son Ronald- hence Champion City Broadcasting became RAY (Ronald A. Yontz) Broadcasting operated by Jerry Staggs as part of a local marketing agreement with WIZE which he briefly owned and moving the WBLY studios to the WIZE site until 2002 when it was sold to Urban Light Ministries, a local non-denominational Christian charity in April 2002 which adopted the WULM call letters in August of that same year. Urban Light's purchase of the station kept it a locally owned and operated community citizen and was intended to help provide operating funds and a medium for the local ministry to reach out to pre-believers and to families in need. WULM remained the last locally owned/operated commercial radio station licensed by the FCC to Springfield still operating with studios and offices in Springfield until May 31, 2008.
John Hall (John Stalder), a longtime Springfield radio broadcast legend, was the first station manager of WULM from 2002 to 2003. After Hall's death in 2004, the on-air studio originally used by WIZE was renovated in 2005 and dedicated in his memory by his longtime friend Bob Pitsch who was station manager from 2003 to 2006. Hall was best known as the longtime morning personality at WIZE and later a personality at WKSW, WLW, WGRR, WBNS (AM) and the former WCLR/WZLR "Oldies 95" in addition to doing voice-over work for the former WTJC-TV (now WBDT) and for numerous radio commercials and announcements in the Dayton-Springfield area.
WBLY FM.
Now WDHT (Hot 102.9), WBLY-FM was founded in 1958 and broadcast at 102.9 on the dial. It was a simulcast of WBLY-AM from 1958–1979 and played the same middle of the road format as WBLY-AM. It was also owned by Champion City Broadcasting. In 1979 they changed the call letters to WAZU ("FM-103 The Zoo...From A to Z to You") and stopped simulcasting WBLY-AM and began playing adult contemporary music aimed at the Dayton audience. At that time it was licensed to Springfield and had the same studios as WBLY. In the late 1980s, one of the principal owners died. The heirs had the station appraised and found it to be worth millions of dollars. The station went on the market and was sold to Osborne Communications. From 1988-1995 the station competed fiercely with WTUE-FM but in 1995 it was sold to Great Trails Broadcasting and its call letters where changed to WING and it played classic rock from 1995-2001. It was known as WING-FM and had the same format until 2001 when it was sold to Radio One and changed to its current call sign WDHT and its urban format, "Blazin Hip Hop and R&B". Mainline Broadcasting took over the station in 2007.
The WING call letters are still in use (and were in use before WING-FM) by "ESPN Radio 1410", or WING-AM
Past Programming.
WULM has had many different formats over the years since it started broadcasting. Originally country(as WJEL) when it was founded, when it was sold to a group of local businessmen and the call letters were changed to WBLY for the principals - Bailey, Lucas and Yontz. The station operated at 1600 kHz with 1000 watts of power from sunrise to sunset. During winter months, WBLY was authorized to operate at 250 watts from 6:00 AM until sunrise. The format was changed to talk in the morning along with music, with its host Smilin' Bob (Bob Yontz) and was a MOR station (Middle of the Road) the rest of the day. Smilin Bob remained a personality on the station through the 70's and into the early 90's. He became greatly known all around the valley. He was famous for giving all of his callers a nickname, and he handed out many. WBLY also aired a Sunday morning big band program hosted by Roger Sharp that was the top rated program in its time slot for the Dayton area. Upon Sharp's death in 1989, the Sunday morning program was hosted by Tom Eipper (airname Tom James). In 1981 WBLY changed its format to classic country and switching to oldies in 1987 and the following year it was "sold" to Yontz's son Ron, who operated RAY broadcasting. In 1988 WBLY moved its tower from its former AM-friendly location off West First Street to a more FM-friendly location on Miller Road. The tower move increased WAZU's coverage in the Dayton area, but was detrimental to the AM station. Also in 1988 WBLY (which was a "daytime" station) received authorization to operate 24 hours per day. The authorized power from sunset to sunrise was 30 watts. To celebrate, and in keeping with the format, staff members Dale Grimm and Jim Mosier were on the air for 24 continuous hours, operating from the station's "street studio" on the first floor of the Marketplace on South Fountain Avenue. 
WBLY switched the format to a news/sports/talk format in the early 1990s. WBLY did mostly Catholic Central games until WIZE went under and then began airing all teams in Clark County. It was famous for not only having 1 game but in football and basketball it aired one game live and one game on tape delay. It also did Wittenberg football and basketball games along with a show during the week. It also had a high school sports talk show during the week and a popular show on Saturday morning called "Sports Scene". During the tournament it would air all local teams' games, and sometimes there would be so many teams playing that they would go until 2:00 am. They also had great news coverage, and the news director was Darryl Bauer, who is now at WHIO.
In 2002 WBLY was sold to Urban Light Ministries. After they changed the call letter to WULM they continued to have a news/sports/talk format but added more programming including a local morning talk show and a late-morning talk show that talked about the issues in Clark County. After that sports director Marty Bannister continued his "Sports Scene" show that he aired during the week and had done before when it was WBLY. They also added more network programming, including Bill O'Reilley. 
Unable to attract new listeners (and advertisers) with a talk format, WULM went to a unique "Rock n' Soul Classics" format. It spotlighted the vintage hits from the first generation of the Top 40 and R&B genres. During this time, its weekend programs along with NASCAR coverage included The Motown Show, Dennis Mitchell's Breakfast With The Beatles, Oldies Coast To Coast, Little Walter's Time Machine, Glenn Sauter's Hits of Yesteryear and Cool Bobby B's Doo Wop Stop. That format ran from the summer of 2003 to the spring of 2006. 
On-air personalities included Marco Simmons(who also did high school sports play by play), Dale Grimm (also Sales Manager), Joe Madigan (then a student intern from John Carroll University and its campus FM station WJCU) and Bob Roberts (Bob Pitsch, General Manager). Michelle Phillips (Michelle Smart) 
worked with a news background as Darryl Bauer's replacement and later as Bob's on-air sidekick, Brad Lovett was sales associate and live remote broadcast personality and Jim Linthicum did freelance voice-over work for the oldies format.
They then switched to "Springfield's Sunshine Station" with a format of "The Fun Hits of the 70s and More" featuring primarily Top 40 hits of the 70s and early 80s, anchored by "The Bubba and Bubbey Morning Show" (Rich Mellott and Brad Lovett.) On-air, traffic, sales and production staff included Linda Mellott, Natalia Mendez, and Bob Blindauer. During this time billings and long term contracts increased, and many on-air promotions and giveaways were done. In October 2006, the morning show and other staffers went on tours of haunted houses all over Southwest and Central Ohio, and gave away tickets to listeners. Winners were able to attend shows featuring the Blue Man Group, Trans Siberian Orchestra, Kenny Loggins, at Nationwide Arena and the Nutter Center, as well as performances of "Beauty and the Beast", "Cats" and a Rat Pack tribute show at Victoria Theatre and the Schuster Center in Downtown Dayton. The fun continued as WULM's format was flipped to Christmas music of all genres in November and December 2006, with staffers and winners having the opportunity to visit the Christmas Story House in Cleveland and the Clifton Mill holiday lights. 
1600 WULM (as "Springfield's Community Station" from 2007 to 2008) aired Christian-oriented News/Talk from the USA Radio Network. They carried nearly all of their entire talk programming schedule as well as their news and sports updates.
Besides the USA Radio Network WULM continued providing great local sports coverage. It aired a sports program on Saturday morning from 9:00-10:30, which is hosted by longtime WULM sports personalities Dave Williams, (The Coach) Jim Scoby, and John Derr. The "Saturday Morning Sports Show" (formally The Springfield Sports Show) had local high school sports talk along with Ohio State and Wittenberg talk in college sports. In professional, the Cleveland Browns and the Cincinnati Bengals are covered in the NFL and the Cleveland Indians and the Cincinnati Reds are covered in the MLB. The program also featured interviews with local sports personalities (most recently James Laurnitis of the Buckeyes). During Ohio State football they aired an Ohio State football show live on Thursday nights from Joe's 40 US Highway Grille in Springfield as well as carrying all the Buckeye games through The Ohio State Football Radio Network. WULM also carried Ohio State basketball through the Ohio State Basketball Radio Network. They also, of course (as they have for over 15 years), WULM featured live play-by-play coverage of local high school sports with Williams doing the play-by-play calling and Scoby covering the commentator duties.
WULM had a history of sending their sports department people a long way. Former sports director Marty Bannister is now a sideline reporter on the Ohio State Football Radio Network and is also the voice of Ohio State Women's basketball. Scott Leo, a former play-by-play man and talk show host for four years at WULM, is now the voice of the Columbus Clippers and does play-by-play high school football for WONE/WIZE in the fall. He also covers Wittenberg football, basketball, and baseball for Wittenberg's campus radio station. (WUSO-FM 89.1)
WULM also had local programming. One such program was Urban Light Ministries president Rev. Eli Williams' mid-morning (10:00) talk program "Crossing Over" dealing with local people and issues from a Christian and local community perspective. Rev. Williams was also the host of "Urban Light Radio" a contemporary gospel music program which aired on WULM during Sunday morning programming as well on Saturdays on Cedarville University's WCDR and on its "CDR Radio" network of repeaters and translators as well as its online stream before WCDR and its CDR Radio repeater and translator chain was sold in 2011 to EMF Broadcasting. It is now WKCD. 
Rev. Williams now hosts The Hot Gospel 20, a locally produced online soul gospel music program.
WULM also served the community with "Speak Out" a locally produced community forum/on air town meeting on Saturday mornings after The Saturday Morning Sports Show for 10:30 to 12:00 which invited listeners input to local issues. The show, hosted and moderated by Larry Spicer has had guests such as political figures such as Steve Austria and Ross Megregor and countless others as well as people from local events ranging from the Enon Apple Butter Festival to Shawnee's High School Band Festival to the Farmer's Market at the Heritage Center.
From 2002 until July 2009, WULM's(and predecessor WBLY's) studios and offices were located on Miracle Mile in Springfield, at the transmitter site and former studios of WIZE which simulcast the programming of WONE in Dayton until the spring of 2011 when WIZE switched to a satellite country music format being fed from Clear Channel Dayton. WULM's transmitter is located on Miller Road off State Route 41 West which is also the transmitting site of WDHT-FM, originally the site of the former WBLY-AM and WAZU-FM, which was the former WBLY-FM, when both stations were owned by Champion City Broadcasting.
Switchover to Radio Maria.
According to a Springfield News-Sun story dated March 10, 2008, the station was purchased by Radio Maria, an Italian-based Catholic radio network which owns and operates KJMJ, its originating USA English-language station in Alexandria, Louisiana. The sale and transfer of license of WULM was filed on February 15, 2008 and was later approved on April 16, 2008 by the FCC. The switchover to Radio Maria programming took place at 12 noon Eastern Standard Time on Saturday May 31, 2008. The WULM signal not only reaches the Dayton, Springfield and Miami Valley area, but reaches east towards Columbus, south towards Wilmington and Middletown, north towards Urbana and Bellefontaine and west towards Richmond, Indiana during daylight hours. 
An audiostream can also be accessed from its website (and from this article) for its listeners during evening hours (and outside its signal area) when WULM must power down just before local sunset to 34 watts in order to avoid interference with 25,000 watt KRVA (AM) a Spanish-language station in the Dallas/Fort Worth market and with urban progressive talker WWRL in New York City also with a 25,000 watt signal. 
Originating station KJMJ has been on the air as the US flagship station of Radio Maria since May 2000. Originally, the 580 frequency was home to KALB (AM) sister station to KALB-TV channel 5.
Radio Maria was founded at first with humble beginnings as a small parish operated station in Como, Italy in 1983 before its subsequent international growth in the 1990s which gave birth to the World Family in 1998. Emanuele Ferrario is Radio Maria's founder and president.
Facilities and programming.
The Miller Road transmitter site shared with WDHT-FM is still in use. Though WULM along with WHJM-FM licensed in Anna (serving the Upper Miami Valley and greater Lima area) for the most part is a repeater of KJMJ, there are several locally originating programs including "Living With Mary" which airs on Friday afternoons, Francesca Franchina's "From The Tummy To The Heart" and "Francesca and Friends" from The University of Dayton's Marian Library. The Miracle Mile studios were only used for broadcasting the originating network feed from Alexandria's KJMJ from May 2008 until February 2009. Due to satellite reception problems incurred early-on when its receiving dish was re-aligned, a new dish was installed at the Miller Rd. transmitting site in February 2009. In July 2009, Radio Maria and St. Vincent DePaul Society volunteers from the Dayton area moved the WULM studio facilities from the Miracle Mile location to a new studio which is located on the second floor of the Rev. John P. Boyle Memorial Center (the former parish convent also known as The Father Boyle Center) at 920 Lagonda Avenue next to St. Bernard Parish and the adjacent school east of downtown Springfield. The relocated WULM Springfield studio feeds several locally originating programs to originator KJMJ and its repeater network including "Be Your Best" presented by John Wright and "Meet The Author" presented by Ken Huck.
In addition to the Springfield studio at the Father Boyle Center, a Dayton studio with administrative offices opened in the summer of 2011 in the Marianist Center at Mount Saint John(the rear entrance to Bergamo Center) at 2235 East Patterson Road near Beavercreek where additional live local programs now air. Once such program "Crossroads, A Journey To Conversion" is presented by Mark Newman in addition to "Carmelite Conversations" with Mark Danis and "The Catholic Grab Bag" presented by Marianist Father John Fletcher who is the local resident priest director.
The current mailing address for WULM remains as P.O. Box 3339 Dayton, Ohio 45401 where inquiries for station donations and needed local volunteers will be referred to. 
WULM listeners can also access the Radio Maria audiostream through the iPhone, BlackBerry, and Android mobile phone devices during the night time hours outside of Clark County and outside its regular daytime signal area. Downloads for the respective mobile device apps are found in the links below and at the Radio Maria USA website.
Aside from the WIZE transmitter still located at Miracle Mile, the studio facilities are now vacant.
Late night programming airs from the New York City area originated by Radio Maria New York on WSNR 620 am licensed in Jersey City, New Jersey and WFAS (AM) 1230 am in White Plains/Westchester, New York from 10pm to 12 midnight Monday through Thursday and 7 to 10pm Saturday and Sunday evenings.
Mary Pyper is national board president, Joshua Danis is national and local coordinator, Alicia Risko is volunteer coordinator, Jim Linthicum is local audio production and remote broadcast technician, Todd Caylor is Springfield audio technician, Greg Forsthoefel is Dayton audio technician. Father Duane Stenzel O.F.M. was national program director, spiritual director, teacher and Mass celebrant from 2000 until his death in January 2011. Frank Hare is national studio/production manager in Alexandria's base at KJMJ.
The WBLY calls are currently used by a low-power FM station in Sycamore, Georgia.
The WJEL calls are currently used by a high school FM station in Indianapolis, Indiana

</doc>
<doc id="2843272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843272" title="History of Serbia (1804–1918)">
History of Serbia (1804–1918)

The history of Modern Serbia began with the fight for liberation from the Ottoman occupation in 1804 ("Serbian Revolution"). The establishment of modern Serbia was marked by the hard fought autonomy from the Ottoman Empire in the First Serbian Uprising in 1804 and the Second Serbian Uprising in 1815, though Turkish troops continued to garrison the capital, Belgrade until 1867. Those revolutions revived the Serbian pride and gave them hope that their Empire might come into reality again. In 1829 Greece was given complete independence and Serbia was given its autonomy, which made her semi-independent from Turkey.
During the Revolutions of 1848, the Serbs in the Austrian Empire proclaimed Serbian autonomous province known as Serbian Vojvodina. By a decision of the Austrian emperor, in November 1849, this province was transformed into the Austrian crownland known as the Vojvodina of Serbia and Tamiš Banat (Dukedom of Serbia and Tamiš Banat). Against the will of the Serbs, the province was abolished in 1860, but the Serbs from the region gained another opportunity to achieve their political demands in 1918. Today, this region is known as Vojvodina.
Renewed war alongside Russia against the Turks in 1877 brought full independence for Serbia and large territorial gains toward the south-east, including Niš, henceforth Serbia's second largest city (Treaty of Berlin, 1878). Serbian Kingdom was proclaimed in 1882, under King Milan Obrenović IV. Serbia was one of the rare countries at the time that had its own domestic ruling dynasty on the throne (similarly to Italy). However, millions of Serbs still lived outside Serbia, in Austro-Hungarian Empire (Bosnia, Croatia, Vojvodina, Sandžak) and the Ottoman Empire (South Serbia, Kosovo, Macedonia).
The new country was, like most of the Balkan lands, overwhelmingly agrarian with little in the way of industry or modern infrastructure. The total population rose from a million in the early 19th century to 2.5 million in 1900, when Belgrade contained 100,000 inhabitants (northern part was held by Austro-Hungary), Niš 24,500 and half a dozen other cities 10-15,000 each.
Internal politics revolved largely around the dynastic rivalry between the Obrenović and Karađorđević families, descendants respectively of Miloš Obrenović, (recognised as hereditary prince in 1829) and Karađorđe (Black George), leader of the 1804 revolt but killed in 1817, allegedly at Miloš's behest. The Obrenovići headed the emerging state in 1817–1842 and 1858–1903, the Karađorđevići in 1842–1858 and after 1903.
After the 1880s the dynastic issue became entwined to some extent with wider diplomatic divisions in Europe, Milan Obrenović aligning his foreign policy with that of neighbouring Austria-Hungary in return for Habsburg support for his elevation to king. The Karadjordjevici inclined more toward Russia, gaining the throne in June 1903 after the bloody May Overthrow organised by a group of Army officers led by then-Captain Dragutin Dimitrijević Apis which was secretly steered by Russian intelligence agents. After the 1903 coup, Serbia was securely in the Russian camp and henceforth followed a policy of irritating Austria-Hungary at every opportunity.
Serbian opposition to Austria-Hungary's October 1908 annexation of Bosnia-Herzegovina, a territory Serbia craved for itself, brought about the Bosnian crisis: German and Austro-Hungarian pressure forced Russia to prevail on Serbia (March 31, 1909) to accept the annexation, but Russia undertook to defend Serbia against any future threats to her independence.
Following Bulgaria's independence (October 1908) from Ottoman overlordship and a successful movement by Greek army officers (August 1909) to steer their government onto a more nationalistic course, Serbia joined with the other two countries and her Serb-populated neighbour Montenegro in invading (October 1912) Ottoman-held Macedonia and reducing Turkey-in-Europe to a small region around Constantinople (now Istanbul).
Bulgaria failed in her subsequent attempt (July 1913) to take from her allies territory which she had originally been promised (see Balkan Wars), and to Habsburg alarm at another near-doubling of Serbia's territory was added Bulgarian resentment at having been denied what she saw as her just share of the territorial gains.
Serbia in World War I.
On June 28, 1914, a team of seven assassins awaited the heir to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, at his announced visit in Sarajevo. After Nedeljko Čabrinović's first unsuccessful attack, the Bosnian Serb nationalist Gavrilo Princip assassinated the Archduke and his wife Sophie Chotek. Princip, Čabrinović and their accomplice Trifko Grabež had come from Belgrade; the three told almost all they knew to Austro-Hungarian authorities. Serbian Major Vojislav Tankosić directly and indirectly not only had provided six hand grenades, four Browning Automatic Pistols and ammunition, but also money, suicide pills, training, a special map with the location of gendarmes marked, knowledge of contacts on a special channel used to infiltrate agents and arms into Austria-Hungary, and a small card authorizing the use of that special channel. Major Tankosić confirmed to the historian Luciano Magrini that he provided the bombs and revolvers and was responsible for the self-avowed terrorists’ training, and that he initiated the idea of the suicide pills. From June 30 to July 6 Austria-Hungary and Germany made requests to Serbia directly and her through Serbia's ally Russia to open an inquiry into the plot on Serbian soil but were flatly rejected. In its July Ultimatum from July 23, Austria-Hungary asked Serbia to act in conformity with its March 1909 commitment to the Great Powers to respect the territorial integrity of Austria-Hungary and to maintain good neighborly relations, giving Serbia a 48-hour time limit. Failure to accept these demands would result in the withdrawal of Austria-Hungary's diplomatic legation from Serbia. Serbia drafted a conciliatory response, accepting all the points except point #6, demanding a criminal investigation against those participants in the conspiracy that were present in Serbia, and point #7 to allow an Austrian delegation to participate in the investigation.
Prior to issuing its reply to the Austrian Note, the Serbian army was mobilized. In response, Austria-Hungary withdrew its ambassador. It was reported that Serbian reservist soldiers on tramp steamers fired on Austro-Hungarian troops near Temes-Kubin in Hungary, on July 27. This report was false. However, together with the unsatisfactory Serbian reply to the Austrian Note and the fact that Serbia had mobilized its army before sending the reply, the report convinced the Austrian Foreign Minister, Berchtold, that the problem of Austro-Serbian tension could only be solved by war. War was formally declared on Serbia at noon on July 28, 1914, even though Serbia was not a signatory to the international convention which required this step.
Serbia repulsed three Austro-Hungarian invasions (August, September and November – December 1914), in the last of which Belgrade was held temporarily by the enemy. But during 1915 an epidemic of typhus decimated the Serbian army, and renewed invasion in early October, this time involving also German and Bulgarian forces, resulted in the occupation of the whole country. The remnants of Serbia's armed forces retreated into Albania and Macedonia, where British and French forces had landed at Thessaloniki. Persecutions and deaths followed.
The period of government exile in Macedonia was marked by a significant shift in the balance of political forces. Military leaders associated with what had been the "Black Hand" were arrested, tried, convicted and in three cases executed on false charges (overturned posthumously). The three who were executed directly or obliquely confessed their roles in the Sarajevo assassination. Military circles would henceforth be dominated by the royalist "White Hand" faction of Gen. Petar Živković, later prime minister (1929–1932) of an extra-constitutional monarchical regime.
A successful Allied offensive in September 1918 secured first Bulgaria's surrender and then the liberation of the occupied territories (November 1918). On November 25, the Assembly of Serbs, Bunjevci, and other nations of Vojvodina in Novi Sad voted to join the region to Serbia. Also, on November 29 the National Assembly of Montenegro voted for union with Serbia, and two days later an assembly of leaders of Austria–Hungary's southern Slav regions voted to join the new State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs (For subsequent history, also see history of Yugoslavia).
Comparing to the other European countries Serbia had by far the greatest casualties in the war, having over 30% (1,3 million) of its total population perished.

</doc>
<doc id="2843273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843273" title="Vegetarianism and religion">
Vegetarianism and religion

Vegetarianism is strongly linked with a number of religions that originated in ancient India (Jainism, Hinduism and Buddhism). In Jainism, vegetarianism is mandatory for everyone; in Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism, it is advocated by some influential scriptures and religious authorities. Comparatively, in the Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity and Islam) and in Sikhism, vegetarianism is not promoted by mainstream authorities, although in all these faiths there are small groups actively promoting vegetarianism on religious grounds.
Indian religions.
Most Indian religions have philosophical schools that forbid consumption of meat and Jainism institutes an outright ban on the same. Consequently, India is home to more vegetarians than any other country. About 30% of India's 1.2 billion population practices lacto vegetarianism, with overall meat consumption increasing. The per capita meat consumption in India in 2002 was 5.2 kg, while it was 24 times more in the United States at 124.8 kg. Meat consumption in the United States and India grew at about 40% over the last 50 years. In 1961 Indian per capita meat consumption was 3.7 kg, while the US consumption was 89.2 kg. (1 kg = 2.205 lb)
Jainism.
Vegetarianism in Jainism is based on the principle of nonviolence (ahimsa, literally "non-injuring"). Vegetarianism is considered mandatory for everyone. Jains are either lacto-vegetarians or vegans. No use or consumption of products obtained from dead animals is allowed. Moreover Jains try to avoid unnecessary injury to plants and "suksma jiva" (Sanskrit for "subtle life forms"; minuscule organisms). The goal is to cause as little violence to living things as possible, hence they avoid eating roots, tubers such as Potatoes, garlic and anything that involves uprooting (and thus eventually killing) a plant to obtain food.
Every act by which a person directly or indirectly supports killing or injury is seen as violence ("himsa"), which creates harmful karma. The aim of ahimsa is to prevent the accumulation of such karma. Jains consider nonviolence to be the most essential religious duty for everyone (ahinsā paramo dharmaḥ, a statement often inscribed on Jain temples). Their scrupulous and thorough way of applying nonviolence to everyday activities, and especially to food, shapes their entire lives and is the most significant hallmark of Jain identity. A side effect of this strict discipline is the exercise of asceticism, which is strongly encouraged in Jainism for lay people as well as for monks and nuns.
Jains do not practice animal sacrifice as they consider all sentient beings to be equal.
Hinduism.
Vegetarianism is an integral part of most schools of Hinduism although there are a wide variety of practices and beliefs that have changed over time. An estimated 20 to 30% of all Hindus are vegetarians. Some sects of Hindus do not observe vegetarianism.
Nonviolence.
The principle of nonviolence (Ahinsa) applied to animals is connected with the intention to avoid negative karmic influences which result from violence. The suffering of all beings is believed to arise from craving and desire, conditioned by the karmic effects of both animal and human action. The violence of slaughtering animals for food, and its source in craving, reveal flesh eating as one mode in which humans enslave themselves to suffering. Hinduism holds that such influences affect he who permits the slaughter of an animal, he who cuts it up, he who kills it, he who buys or sells meat, he who cooks it, he who serves it up, and he who eats it. They must all be considered the slayers of the animal. The question of religious duties towards the animals and of negative Karma incurred from violence ("himsa") against them is discussed in detail in Hindu scriptures and religious law books.
Hindu scriptures belong or refer to the Vedic period which lasted till about 500 BCE according to the chronological division by modern historians. In the historical Vedic religion, the predecessor of Hinduism, meat eating was not banned in principle, but was restricted by specific rules. Several highly authoritative scriptures bar violence against domestic animals except in the case of ritual sacrifice. This view is clearly expressed in the Mahabharata (3.199.11-12; 13.115; 13.116.26; 13.148.17), the Bhagavata Purana (11.5.13-14), and the Chandogya Upanishad (8.15.1). For instance, many Hindus point to the Mahabharata's maxim that "Nonviolence is the highest duty and the highest teaching," as advocating a vegetarian diet. It is also reflected in the Manu Smriti (5.27-44), a particularly renowned traditional Hindu law book (Dharmaśāstra). These texts strongly condemn the slaughter of animals and meat eating.
The Mahabharata (12.260; 13.115-116; 14.28) and the Manu Smriti (5.27-55) contain lengthy discussions about the legitimacy of ritual slaughter and subsequent consumption of the meat. In the Mahabharata both meat eaters and vegetarians present various arguments to substantiate their viewpoints. Apart from the debates about domestic animals, there is also a long discourse by a hunter in defence of hunting and meat eating. These texts show that both ritual slaughter and hunting were challenged by advocates of universal non-violence and their acceptability was doubtful and a matter of dispute.
Spiritual aspects.
In some traditions, especially within Vaishnavism, it is essential that devotees offer all their food to their chosen deity before eating it as prasad. This rule is strictly observed by the disciples of the schools of Bhakti Yoga, especially the Gaudiya Vaishnavas. They worship Vishnu or Krishna, and according to the scriptural injunctions they obey, only vegetarian food is acceptable as prasad.
Vegetarianism is also mandatory for the practitioners of Hatha Yoga. They follow the advice of scriptures such as the Bhagavad Gita to eat only high-quality food, because they are convinced that food shapes the personality, mood and mind. Meat is said to promote sloth and ignorance and an undesirable mental state known as "tamas", while a vegetarian diet is considered to promote the desirable "sattvic" qualities essential for spiritual progress.
Essential scriptural evidence.
"What need there be said of those innocent and healthy creatures endued with love of life, when they are sought to be slain by sinful wretches subsisting by slaughter? For this reason, O monarch, know that the discarding of meat is the highest refuge of religion, of heaven, and of happiness. Abstention from injury is the highest religion. It is, again, the highest penance. It is also the highest truths from which all duty proceeds. Flesh cannot be had from grass or wood or stone. Unless a living creature is slain, it cannot be had. Hence is the fault in eating flesh... That man who abstains from meat, is never put in fear, O king, by any creature. All creatures seek his protection. He never causes any anxiety in others, and himself has never to become anxious. If there were nobody who ate flesh there would then be nobody to kill living creatures. The man who kills living creatures kill them for the sake of the person who eats flesh. If flesh were regarded as inedible, there would then be no slaughter of living creatures. It is for the sake of the eater that the slaughter of living creatures goes on in the world. Since, O thou of great splendour, the period of life is shortened of persons who slaughter living creatures or cause them to be slaughtered, it is clear that the person who wishes his own good should give up meat entirely... The purchaser of flesh performs "himsa" by his wealth; he who eats flesh does so by enjoying its taste; the killer does "himsa" by actually tying and killing the animal. Thus, there are three forms of killing. He who brings flesh or sends for it, he who cuts off the limbs of an animal, and he who purchases, sells, or cooks flesh and eats it—all of these are to be considered meat-eaters." (Mahabharata 13.115)
"Those sinful persons who are ignorant of actual religious principles, yet consider themselves to be completely pious, without compunction commit violence against innocent animals who are fully trusting in them. In their next lives, such sinful persons will be eaten by the same creatures they have killed in this world." (Bhagavata Purana 11.5.14)
"A person fully aware of religious principles should never offer anything like meat, eggs or fish in the Sraddha ceremony, and even if one is a Kshatriya (warrior), he himself should not eat such things." (Bhagavata Purana 7.15.7)
Current situation.
In modern India the food habits of Hindus vary according to their community or caste and according to regional traditions. Hindu vegetarians usually eschew eggs but consume milk and dairy products, so they are lacto-vegetarians.
According to a survey of 2006, vegetarianism is weak in coastal states and strong in landlocked northern and western states and among Brahmins in general, 55 percent of whom are vegetarians. Many coastal inhabitants are fish eaters. In particular Bengali Hindus have romanticized fishermen and the consumption of fish through poetry, literature and music.
Hindus who eat meat are encouraged to eat Jhatka meat.
Animal sacrifice in Hinduism.
Animal sacrifice in Hinduism (sometimes known as Jhatka Bali) is the ritual killing of an animal in Hinduism.
The ritual sacrifice normally forms part of a festival to honour a Hindu god. For example, in Nepal the Hindu goddess Gadhimai, is honoured every 5 years with the slaughter of 250,000 animals. Bali sacrifice today is common at the Sakta shrines of the Goddess Kali.
Buddhism.
The First Precept prohibits Buddhists from killing people or animals. The matter of whether this forbids Buddhists from eating meat has long been a matter of debate.
The first Buddhist monks and nuns were forbidden from growing, storing, or cooking their own food; they relied entirely on the generosity of alms to feed themselves, and were not allowed to accept money to buy their own food. They could not make special dietary requests, and had to accept whatever food almsgivers had available, including meat. Monks and nuns of the Theravada school of Buddhism, which predominates in Sri Lanka, Thailand, Cambodia, Burma, and Laos, still follow these strictures today.
These strictures were relaxed in China, Korea, Japan, and other countries that follow Mahayana Buddhism, where monasteries were situated in remote mountain areas and the distance to the nearest towns made daily almsrounds impractical. There, Buddhist monks and nuns could cultivate their own crops, store their own harvests, cook their own meals, and accept money to buy anything else they needed in terms of food in the market.
According to the Vinaya Pitaka, when Devadatta urged him to make complete abstinence from meat compulsory, the Buddha refused, maintaining that "monks would have to accept whatever they found in their begging bowls, including meat, provided that they had not seen, had not heard, and had no reason to suspect that the animal had been killed so that the meat could be given to them". There were prohibitions on specific kinds of meat: meat from humans, meat from royal animals such as elephants or horses, meat from dogs, and meat from dangerous animals like snakes, lions, tigers, panthers, bears and hyenas.
On the other hand, certain Mahayana sutras strongly denounce the eating of meat. According to the Mahayana Mahaparinirvana Sutra, the Buddha revoked this permission to eat meat and warned of a dark age when false monks would claim that they were allowed meat. In the Lankavatara Sutra, a disciple of the Buddha named Mahamati asks "ou teach a doctrine that is flavoured with compassion. It is the teaching of the perfect Buddhas. And yet we eat meat nonetheless; we have not put an end to it." An entire chapter is devoted to the Buddha's response, wherein he lists a litany of spiritual, physical, mental, and emotional reasons why meat-eating should be abjured. However, according to , this chapter on meat-eating is a "later addition to the text...It is quite likely that meat-eating was practiced more or less among the earlier Buddhists, which was made a subject of severe criticism by their opponents. The Buddhists at the time of the "Laṅkāvatāra" did not like it, hence this addition in which an apologetic tone is noticeable." points to a passage in the Surangama Sutra which implies advocacy of "not just a vegetarian, but a vegan lifestyle"; however, numerous scholars over the centuries have concluded that the Śūraṅgama Sūtra is a forgery. Moreover, in the Mahayana Mahaparinirvana Sutra, the same sutra which records his retraction of permission to eat meat, the Buddha explicitly identifies as "beautiful foods" honey, milk, and cream, all of which are eschewed by vegans.
In the modern Buddhist world, attitudes toward vegetarianism vary by location. In China and Vietnam, monks typically eat no meat (and with other restrictions as well—see Buddhist cuisine). In Japan or Korea some schools do not eat meat, while most do. Theravadins in Sri Lanka and South-east Asia do not practice vegetarianism. All Buddhists however, including monks, are allowed to practice vegetarianism if they wish to do so. states that "There are no accurate statistics, but I would guess—and it is only a guess—that worldwide about half of all Buddhists are vegetarian".
Sikhism.
Followers of Sikhism do not have a preference for meat or vegetarian consumption. There are two views on initiated or "Amritdhari Sikhs" and meat consumption. "Amritdhari" Sikhs (i.e. those that follow the Sikh Rehat Maryada - the Official Sikh Code of Conduct) can eat meat (provided it is not Kutha meat)."Amritdharis" that belong to some Sikh sects (e.g. Akhand Kirtani Jatha, Damdami Taksal, Namdhari, Rarionwalay, etc.) are vehemently against the consumption of meat and eggs.
In the case of meat, the Sikh Gurus have indicated their preference for a simple diet, which could include meat or be vegetarian. Passages from the Guru Granth Sahib (the holy book of Sikhs, also known as the Adi Granth) say that fools argue over this issue. Guru Nanak said that overconsumption of food (Lobh, Greed) involves a drain on the Earth's resources and thus on life. The tenth guru, Guru Gobind Singh, prohibited the Sikhs from the consumption of halal or Kutha (any ritually slaughtered meat) meat because of the Sikh belief that sacrificing an animal in the name of God is mere ritualism (something to be avoided).
On the views that eating vegetation would be eating flesh, first Sikh Guru Nanak states:
On Vegetation, the Guru described it as living and experiencing pain:
Page 143 of the Sri Guru Granth Sahib Ji
Sikhs who eat meat, eat Jhatka meat.
Abrahamic religions.
Judaic, Christian, and Muslim traditions (Abrahamic religions) all have strong connections to the Biblical ideal of the Garden of Eden, which includes references to a herbivore diet.[, ] However, only minorities within those populations actually practice and advocate such diets.
Judaism.
Rabbinical Judaism discourages "ascetic" practices in general, and encourages one to 'enjoy the bounty of this world in a proper fashion'. Several passages in the Hebrew scriptures permit eating animal flesh, such as supposedly , which states "Every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you." This verse extends such permission to all "children of Noah," i.e., all humanity. One of the sages of the Talmud asserted, "Man will have to account for everything he saw but did not eat." (This refers to permissible or kosher foods only, not to forbidden animal species such as pork.) On the other hand, the Talmud discourages indulgence and states that it is preferable that one's diet consist mostly of non-meat products. To Jewish vegetarians wishing to remain consistent with this teaching, vegetarianism is not a form of self-deprivation, because the vegetarian does not desire to eat meat and believes it is healthier not to eat meat and is aware of other negative effects of meat production and consumption.
Generally speaking, Judaism has not promoted vegetarianism. However, some prominent rabbis have promoted vegetarian lifestyle, among them David Cohen (known as "Ha-Nazir"), and Chief Rabbi of Israel Shlomo Goren. Rabbi Yitzhak HaLevi Herzog said:
Rabbi Milgrom regards the commandment against blood as a law that permits man to "indulge in his lust for meat and not be brutalized in the process."
Some Orthodox authorities have argued that it is forbidden for an individual to become a vegetarian if they do so because they believe in animal rights; however, they have ruled that vegetarianism is allowed for pragmatic reasons (if kosher meat is expensive or hard to come by in their area), health concerns, or for reasons of personal taste (if someone finds meat unpalatable). Some believe that halakha encourages the eating of meat at the Sabbath and Festival meals; thus some Orthodox Jews who are otherwise vegetarian will nevertheless consume meat at these meals.
There are several arguments from Judaism used by Jewish vegetarians. For the Jewish vegetarian there are three main components which prove vegetarianism to be an ethical mitzvah: Tza'ar ba'alei hayyim, Pikuach nefesh and Bal tashkhit. Tza'ar ba'alei hayyim is the injunction not to cause ‘pain to living creatures’. Pikuach nefesh is not only the regard for human life which is in immediate danger. Bal Tashchit is the law which prohibits waste. Another argument is that, since Adam and Eve were not allowed to eat meat and that, according to some opinions, in the Messianic era, the whole world will be vegetarian, not eating meat is something that brings the world closer to that ideal. In his booklet summarizing many of Rav Kook’s teachings, Joseph Green, a 20th-century South African Jewish vegetarian writer, concludes that Jewish religious ethical vegetarians are pioneers of the messianic era; they are leading lives that make the coming of the Messiah more likely. The Jewish tradition asserts that one way to speed the coming of the Messiah is to start practicing the ways that will prevail in the messianic time. A second one is that the laws of shechita are meant to prevent the suffering of animals and today, with factory farming and high-speed, mechanized slaughterhouses, even kosher slaughterhouses are considered by some authorities not to fulfill enough of the requirements to render the meat kosher. Also, even if the slaughtering process is carried out perfectly, with a minimum of pain to the animal, the many months of cruel treatment of animals on factory farms should be considered. A third one is that the Sages only mandated eating an olive's bulk of meat during festivals, but even then, this was because in Talmudic times, meat was considered essential for one's diet.
Sacrifices were used as an excuse to eat meat, and later denounced by the biblical prophets if carried out in a society that did not practice compassion and justice.
In Israel there is one vegetarian moshav (village), called Amirim. Its vegetarianism is based on general principles of health and ethics and not on the Jewish religion.
Jewish Vegetarians of North America (JVNA) is a grassroots organization promoting vegetarianism as "God's ideal diet" JVNA produced the 2007 film "A Sacred Duty".
The Shamayim V'Aretz Institute led by Rabbi Shmuly Yanklowitz promotes a vegan diet in the Jewish community through animal welfare activism, kosher veganism, and Jewish spirituality.
Notable Jewish vegetarians include David Rosen, She'ar Yashuv Cohen, Roberta Kalechofsky, Yonassan Gershom, Shmuly Yanklowitz, Richard H. Schwartz, and Isaac Bashevis Singer. Jonathan Safran Foer narrated the short documentary film "If This Is Kosher...", which records what he considers abuses within the kosher meat industry.
Christianity.
Several Christian monastic groups, including the Desert Fathers, Trappists, Benedictines, Cistercians and Carthusians, all of the Orthodox monks and also Christian esoteric groups, such as the Rosicrucian Fellowship, have encouraged vegetarianism.
The Bible Christian Church, a Christian vegetarian sect founded by Reverend William Cowherd in 1809, were one of the philosophical forerunners of the Vegetarian Society. Cowherd encouraged members to abstain from eating of meat as a form of temperance.
Some Christian groups, such as Seventh-day Adventists, the Christian Vegetarian Association and Christian anarchists, take a literal interpretation of the Biblical prophecies of universal veg(etari)anism[, , ] and encourage veg(etari)anism as preferred lifestyles or as a tool to reject the commodity status of animals and the use of animal products for any purpose, although some of them say it is not required. Other groups point instead to allegedly explicit prophecies of temple sacrifices in the Messianic Kingdom, e.g. , where so-called peace offerings and so-called freewill offerings are said that will be offered, and where it states that such offerings are eaten, what may contradict the very purpose of Jesus' purportedly sufficient atonement.
Some Christian vegetarians, such as Keith Akers, argue that Jesus himself was a vegetarian. Akers argues that Jesus was influenced by the Essenes, an ascetic Jewish sect. The present academic consensus is that Jesus was not an Essene. There is no historical record of Jesus’ precise attitudes to animals, but there is a strand in his ethical teaching about the primacy of mercy to the weak, the powerless and the oppressed, which Walters and Portmess argue can also refer to captive animals.
Eastern Christianity generally recommends veganism. Vegetarianism is practiced as part of fasting during the Great Lent (although shellfish and other non-vertebrate products are generally considered acceptable during some periods of this time); vegan fasting is particularly common in Eastern Orthodoxy and Oriental Orthodox Churches, such as the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, which generally fasts 210 days out of the year.
Islam.
Islam explicitly prohibits eating of some kinds of meat, especially pork. However, one of the most important Islamic celebrations, "Eid ul-Adha", involves animal sacrifices. Muslims who can afford to do so sacrifice a domestic animals (usually sheep, but also camels, cows, and goats). According to the Quran a large portion of the meat has to be given towards the poor and hungry, and every effort is to be made to see that no impoverished Muslim is left without sacrificial food during days of feast like Eid-ul-Adha. Certain Islamic orders are mainly vegetarian; many Sufis maintain a vegetarian diet.
Rastafari.
Rastafarians generally follow a diet called "I-tal", which eschews the eating of food that has been artificially preserved, flavoured, or chemically altered in any way. Some Rastafarians consider it to also forbid the eating of meat but the majority will not eat pork.
Bahá'í Faith.
While there are no dietary restrictions in the Bahá'í Faith, `Abdu'l-Bahá, the son of the founder of the religion, noted that a vegetarian diet consisting of fruits and grains was desirable, except for people with a weak constitution or those that are sick. He stated that there are no requirements that Bahá'ís become vegetarian, but that a future society would gradually become vegetarian. `Abdu'l-Bahá also stated that killing animals was somewhat contrary to compassion. While Shoghi Effendi, the head of the Bahá'í Faith in the first half of the 20th century, stated that a purely vegetarian diet would be preferable since it avoided killing animals, both he and the Universal House of Justice, the governing body of the Bahá'ís have stated that these teachings do not constitute a Bahá'í practice and that Bahá'ís can choose to eat whatever they wish, but to be respectful of others beliefs.
Other religions.
Taoism.
In Chinese societies, "simple eating" (素食 Mandarin: sù shí) refers to a particular restricted diet associated with Taoist monks, and sometimes practiced by members of the general population during Taoist festivals and fasting days. It is similar to Chinese Buddhist vegetarianism. Varying levels of abstinence among Taoists and Taoist-influenced people include veganism, veganism without root vegetables, lacto-ovo vegetarianism, and pescetarianism. Taoist vegetarians also tend to abstain from alcohol and pungent vegetables such as garlic and onions during lenten days. Non-vegetarian Taoists sometimes abstain from beef and water buffalo meat for many cultural reasons.
Vegetarianism in the Taoist tradition is similar to that of Lent in the Christian tradition. While highly religious people such as monks may be vegetarian, vegan or pescetarian on a permanent basis, lay practitioners often eat vegetarian on the 1st (new moon), 8th, 14th, 18th, 23rd, 24th, 28th, 29th and 30th days of the lunar calendar. In accordance with their Buddhist peers, and because many people are both Taoist and Buddhist, they often also eat lenten on the 15th day (full moon). Taoist vegetarianism is similar to Chinese Buddhist vegetarianism, however, its roots reach to pre-Buddhist times. Believers historically abstained from animal products and alcohol before practicing Confucian, Taoist and Chinese folk religion rites.
It is referred to by the English word "vegetarian"; however, though it rejects meat, eggs, and milk, this diet may include oysters and oyster products or otherwise be pescetarian for some believers. Many lay Taoists who follow modern sects such as that of Yi Guan Dao or Master Ching Hai are vegan or strictly vegetarian. 
Zoroastrianism.
One of the main precepts in Zoroastrianism is respect and kindness towards all living things, condemnation of cruelty against animals, and the sacrifice of animals.
The Shahnameh states that the evil king of Iran, Zohak was first taught eating meat by the evil one who came to him in the guise of a cook. This was the start of an age of great evil for Iran. Prior to this, in the Golden age of mankind in the days of the great Aryan Kings, man did not eat meat.
The Pahlavi scriptures state that in the final stages of the world, when the final Saviour Saoshyant arrives, man will become more spiritual and gradually give up meat eating.
Vegetarianism is stated to be the future state of the world in Pahlavi scriptures - Atrupat-e Emetan in Iran in Denkard Book VI requested all Zoroastrians to be vegetarians:
"ku.san enez a-on ku urwar xwarishn bawed shmah mardoman ku derziwishn bawed, ud az tan i gospand pahrezed, ce amar was, eg Ohrmaz i xwaday hay.yarih i gospand ray urwar was dad."
Meaning: They hold this also: Be plant eaters (urwar xwarishn) (i.e. vegetarian), O you, men, so that you may live long. Keep away from the body of cattle (tan i gospand), and deeply reckon that Ohrmazd, the Lord has created plants in great number for helping cattle (and men)."
Neopaganism.
There is no set teaching on vegetarianism within the diverse neopagan communities, however many do follow a vegetarian diet often connected to ecological concerns as well as the welfare and rights of animals. Vegetarian practitioners of Wicca will often see their standpoint as a natural extension of the Wiccan Rede. Organizations like SERV refer to the historic figures of Porphyry, Pythagoras and Iamblichus as sources for the Pagan view of vegetarianism. During the 1970s the publication Earth Religion News, focused on articles related to neopaganism and vegetarianism, it was edited by the author Herman Slater.
Meher Baba's teachings.
The spiritual teacher Meher Baba recommended a vegetarian diet for his followers because he held that it helps one to avoid certain impurities: "Killing an animal for sport, pleasure or food means catching all its bad impressions, since the motive is selfish...Impressions are contagious. Eating meat is prohibited in many spiritual disciplines because therein the person catches the impressions of the animal, thus rendering himself more susceptible to lust and anger."

</doc>
<doc id="2843282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843282" title="Paul Calderón">
Paul Calderón

Paul Calderón (born 1959 in Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican-American actor. He is a founding member of the Touchstone Theatre, the American Folk Theatre and the LAByrinth Theater Company. He is also a member of the Actors Studio, auditioning and accepted as a member in 1984 alongside Melissa Leo and two other actors.
Life.
His mother was Puerto Rican and his father was Black Caribbean who had settled in Puerto Rico. Calderón moved with his family at the age of six to New York, where he grew up on the streets and sidewalks of the Lower East Side and Spanish Harlem. Following some time in college, studying anthropology, he enlisted in the United States Army and served overseas as an Infantryman. After his discharge, he worked as a trail cutter in the Amazon jungle for a team of anthropologists stationed in the border between Peru and Brazil. After his stint as trail cutter, he traveled extensively throughout Peru on train and foot, visiting and living in such places as Iquitos, Cuzco and Puno. After his South American venture, he lived in Mexico City for three months and traveled to Tasco, Tijuana; Baja California; and Mazatlán.
Career.
Returning to the United States, Calderón worked as a demolition man, Latin dance instructor (he was one of the original Eddie Torres dancers). At the same time he began studying and performing in many Off-Off-Broadway productions as well as Regional Theatre. He got his big break in 1984 in a revival of Miguel Piñero's "Short Eyes" directed by Kevin Conway at the Second Stage Theatre. In 1995 he won an Obie and an Audelco Award for his performance in "Blade to the Heat" at the Public Theater. His most notable Broadway role was opposite Robert De Niro in "Cuba and His Teddy Bear". Calderón also appeared off-Broadway in such plays as "Requiem for a Heavyweight"; "Two Sisters and a Piano" and "Dancing on Her Knees", both written by Nilo Cruz; "Troilus and Cressida" at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park, in the role of Achilles; and "Divine Horsemen" for the LAByrinth Theater Company, a play which he wrote, directed, produced and acted in.
Writing and Acting.
Calderón also co-wrote Abel Ferrara's 1992 crime drama "Bad Lieutenant", starring Harvey Keitel. He has had various short stories published in literary journals. His last published story was "Primitive Grace" for the international e-magazine "Noir Nation".
Calderón's more than four dozen film appearances include "Q&A", directed by Sidney Lumet; "King of New York", starring Christopher Walken; "Sea of Love", starring Al Pacino; "The Last Castle" starring Robert Redford; "The Firm" starring Tom Cruise; "Bad Lieutenant", starring Harvey Keitel; "Out of Sight" directed by Steven Soderbergh; "In the Life" directed by and starring Laurence Fishburne; "Clockers" directed by Spike Lee; Quentin Tarantino's "Four Rooms", and "Pulp Fiction"; Abel Ferrara's "Addiction"; Joshua Crook's "La Soga"; James Mangold's "Cop Land", Alejandro González Iñárritu's "21 Grams"; and Canadian filmmaker Sanzhar Sultanov's 2010 period crime drama "Burnin' Daylight"; "Bolaetrapo", directed by Guillermo Duenas and shot in Baranquilla, Colombia. In addition, he has made numerous guest appearances on television series, including recurring roles on "Dream Street", "Law & Order" and "Miami Vice".
In 2012, he guest-starred in CBS' "Blue Bloods" pilot episode "Guilt", directed by McG; as well as worked on two films: "West End", directed by Joe Basille; and "Biodegradable", a futuristic film shot in the Dominican Republic with an all Latin cast, directed by Juan Basanta.

</doc>
<doc id="2843289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843289" title="Airto Moreira">
Airto Moreira

Airto Moreira (born August 5, 1941) is a Brazilian jazz drummer and percussionist. He is married to jazz singer Flora Purim, and their daughter Diana Moreira is also a singer. He currently resides in Los Angeles.
Biography.
Airto Moreira was born in Itaiópolis, Brazil, into a family of folk healers, and raised in Curitiba and São Paulo. Showing an extraordinary talent for music at a young age, he became a professional musician at age 13, noticed first as a member of the samba jazz pioneers Sambalanço Trio and for his landmark recording with Hermeto Pascoal in Quarteto Novo in 1967. Shortly after, he followed his wife Flora Purim to the United States.
After moving to the US, Moreira began playing regularly with jazz musicians in New York, including the bassist Walter Booker. Through Booker, Moreira began playing with Joe Zawinul, who in turn introduced him to Miles Davis. At this time Davis was experimenting with electronic instruments and rock and funk rhythms, a form which would soon come to be called jazz fusion. Moreira was to participate in several of the most important projects of this emerging musical form. He stayed with Davis for about two years, touring and participating in the creation of the seminal fusion recording "Bitches Brew" (1970).
Shortly after leaving Davis, Moreira joined other Davis alumni Zawinul, Wayne Shorter and Miroslav Vitous in their group Weather Report, playing percussion on their first album, "Weather Report" (1971). He left Weather Report (replaced by Dom Um Romão and Muruga Booker for their "Sweetnighter" album) to join fellow Davis alumnus Chick Corea's new band Return to Forever. He played drums on Return to Forever's first two albums: "Return to Forever" and "Light as a Feather" in 1972. These albums are regarded today as classics of the fusion genre.
Moreira was a contributor to many of Grateful Dead percussionist Mickey Hart's world music/percussion albums in Rykodisc's The World collection, including "The Apocalypse Now Sessions", "Dafos", "Supralingua", and "Planet Drum", which won a World Music Grammy in 1991. He can be heard playing congas on Eumir Deodato's 1970s space-funk hit "Also sprach Zarathustra" on the album "Prelude".
Moreira has played with many of the greatest names in jazz including Cannonball Adderley, Lee Morgan, Paul Desmond, Dave Holland, Jack DeJohnette, John McLaughlin, Keith Jarrett, Al Di Meola, Zakir Hussain, George Duke and Mickey Hart. He has also played with the Latin/fusion rock band Santana, with symphony orchestras, and as a solo percussionist. During live performances he often includes a samba solo, where he emulates the sound of an entire band using just a single pandeiro.
In addition to jazz concerts and recordings, he has composed and contributed music to film and television (including scores for "Apocalypse Now" and "Last Tango in Paris"), played at the re-opening of the Library of Alexandria, Egypt (along with fellow professor of ethnomusicology Halim El-Dabh), and taught at UCLA and the California Brazil Camp.
In 1996, Moreira and his wife Flora Purim collaborated with P.M. Dawn on the song "Non-Fiction Burning" for the AIDS benefit album "Red Hot + Rio", produced by the Red Hot Organization.
Discography.
As leader.
with Fourth World
As band member.
with Quarteto Novo
As sideman.
with Cannonball Adderley
with Jacob Anderskov
with George Benson
with Kenny Burrell
with Donald Byrd
with Miles Davis
with Eumir Deodato
with Paul Desmond
with Al Di Meola
with Andreas Georgiou
with Stan Getz
with Astrud Gilberto
with Dizzy Gillespie
With Johnny Hammond
with Mickey Hart
with J. J. Johnson and Kai Winding
with Stephen Kent
with Hubert Laws
with Edu Lobo
with Milton Nascimento
with Opa
with Hermeto Pascoal
with Duke Pearson
with Flora Purim
with Return to Forever
with Lawson Rollins
with Santana
with Don Sebesky
with Belinda Underwood
with Weather Report
with Randy Weston

</doc>
<doc id="2843306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843306" title="Arale Norimaki">
Arale Norimaki

Design.
Toriyama claimed that when he told his editor, Kazuhiko Torishima, that he wanted to make a manga about a doctor, Torishima told him to add a robot. Toriyama originally wanted a very large robot, but as it wouldn't fit in the panels, instead made it small. When his editor Kazuhiko Torishima rejected that idea, he made the robot a girl knowing Torishima would find her "cute". He also stated that Senbei was supposed to be the main character, but his editor told him to make it Arale instead, which Toriyama agrees turned out better.
Like the name of many other major characters, Arale is a pun on the name for a bite-sized rice cracker (arare) and with the family name ("Norimaki Arare") it refers to a sort of arare wrapped with nori seaweed. Initially, her glasses were just a gag, with Toriyama wanting to get rid of them as they were a pain to draw. However, they became a trademark of Arale's and readers who had to wear glasses wrote him saying that by Arale having them it made them feel better about themselves, so he ended up keeping them. Arale has long, bluish-purple hair, although it is dark-brown in the 1997 anime.
Appearances.
In "Dr. Slump".
Arale is the creation of Senbei Norimaki. Arale poses as Senbei's sister or daughter, depending on who Senbei is talking to. The Norimaki family only grows from there when Arale and Senbei discover an egg when traveling to the past. The egg hatches into a small winged creature that they named "Gadzilla" or "Gatchan" for short. Then Senbei marries the girl of his dreams (Midori Yamabuki) and they have a baby named Turbo. As if the house was not full enough, Gatchan inexplicably splits into two separate entities (the "Gatchan-tachi", who love to eat metal objects).
The "Dr. Slump" series is a self-proclaimed gag manga with an ongoing plot. The entire series is about Arale's humorous exploration of the dynamics of life and the adventures Senbei and his inventions send them on. It is also about Senbei's romantic advances that usually end in failure.
In other media.
Arale appears in Toriyama's "Dragon Ball" when Son Goku chases General Blue all the way to Penguin Village, she then defeats Blue with one kick and two headbutts after he paralyzes Goku. She was also able to ride on the Kinto'un, which indicates her as being pure of heart. In the anime adaptations, Arale is first seen in a picture on the wall of the capsule house Bulma creates in "Dragon Ball" episode 2, and on a poster in Son Gohan's bedroom in "Dragon Ball Z". She also appears in the "" film, and her face was shown in the .
Arale is also a playable character in the crossover video games "Jump Super Stars" and "Jump Ultimate Stars", both for the Nintendo DS, and "J-Stars Victory Vs" for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. She is also playable in several "Dragon Ball" video games, including ', ' and "".
Voice actors.
Arale is voiced by Mami Koyama in the first television anime, and by Taeko Kawata in the second. Yuko Hara, keyboardist of the popular rock band Southern All Stars, voiced her in the radio drama. In Harmony Gold's pilot episode English-language dub for the first anime, she was voiced by Cheryl Chase. During her appearance in "Dragon Ball", Meredith McCoy voiced Arale for Funimation's English dub. She is voiced by Brina Palencia in the English version of the "Dragon Ball Z: Sparking! Meteor" video game.
Reception.
When asked in 1987 who would win if Arale and Son Goku were to fight, Toiryama said Arale was stronger. Masashi Kishimoto, creator of "Naruto", gained an interest in drawing during his childhood from drawing pictures of Arale.
In popular culture.
The episode "Bogus Booty" of "Samurai Champloo" has a scene where Mugen impersonates Arale's signature run by sticking his arms out and making the sound "Kiin".
Japanese comedian Hōsei Yamasaki dressed up as Arale, doing her signature "Kiin" and "N'cha" for "Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!" Cosplay Bus Tour series. Because of failing to complete his task (getting spaghetti for the entire cast) he then had to fly to Italy to get Spaghetti for the entire cast and crew, dressed as Arale all the way.
In "My Lucky Stars", Jackie Chan's character appears in an Arale costume while working undercover in a theme park.

</doc>
<doc id="2843314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843314" title="ACO, C.A.">
ACO, C.A.

ACO, C.A. is a Venezuelan holding company for an umbrella organization of over eighty companies engaged in a wide variety of industries throughout Venezuela predominately in the automotive industry. It is best known for the sale, servicing and leasing of automobiles nationally. It was founded starting 1951 by Albert Tattar along with Harry Männil and Arnold Orav, and with the financial backing of Alcoa Aluminum Corp. (majority shareholder), the Mendoza family (Polar Group), the Tamayo family (largest Venezuelan liquor distributor "et al."), and other prominent Venezuelan investors. The company was initially presided over by Albert Tattar. It emerged in the 1970s as the world's largest tractor dealership as the dealer for John Deere Tractors in Venezuela. It also became the largest automobile dealership in South America, according to the Ford Motors Company (USA). a significant contributor to the success of the Grupo Aco was the innovative introduction in Venezuela of in-house auto sale financing using a captive finance company. Whereas Grupo Aco had equity stakes in a great number of companies, the balance of ownership of many of these companies was held by Grupo Aco shareholders. As a result, Grupo Aco commanded a larger market share than would be suggested only by its totally owned companies. The leadership of the conglomerate passed to Harry Männil in 1972. Under his direction, the group continued to expand and prosper. It attained US $900 million in sales during 1973 and ranked as the most profitable private sector company in the nation that year. Changes in Venezuela's economy and political environment during the early 1980s caused a downturn for many large businesses in Venezuela. In the case of the Aco Group, a financial crisis emerged as motor vehicle sales plummeted. By 1993, the Aco Group was forced into reorganization and a restructuring of the entire group.

</doc>
<doc id="2843317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843317" title="Vince Melamed">
Vince Melamed

Vince Melamed is an American keyboardist and songwriter who currently resides in Nashville, Tennessee. He was born in New York, and moved to Los Angeles at an early age. Vince has appeared with many bands as keyboardist. In addition, Melamed has co-written several songs for other artists, including "Walkaway Joe" by Trisha Yearwood, "What Mattered Most" by Ty Herndon, "Tell Me What You Dream" by Restless Heart, "I'll Take That as a Yes (The Hot Tub Song)" by Phil Vassar, as well as "She'd Give Anything" by Boy Howdy, for which he received a Broadcast Music Incorporated Million Air award.
In the early 1990s, he formed the band Run C&W, whose members comprised Jim Photoglo, Russell Smith of the Amazing Rhythm Aces and former Eagles bandmember Bernie Leadon. He most recently participated as a counselor for the 2005 Rock 'n Roll Fantasy Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2843319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843319" title="Jack Carter">
Jack Carter

Jack Carter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843321" title="Syeda Sughra Imam">
Syeda Sughra Imam

Syeda Sughra Imam (Punjabi, )(born November 14, 1972) has been a Senator elected from the Province of Punjab, since March 2009. She contested the 2008 General Elections for a National Assembly seat and lost by a small margin. She was elected in 2002 as a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab (MPA) and served as Punjab Minister for Social Welfare (2003–04).
Early life and education.
Syeda Sughra Imam belongs to a political family: she is the daughter of two politicians, Syed Fakhar Imam and Syeda Abida Hussain, was born on November 14, 1972 in Lahore. She graduated in 1994 from Harvard University, USA.
Political career.
After graduation, she worked at the US based foreign policy think tank, the Council on Foreign Relations, New York City, and as a consultant to the United Nations Development Programme and other NGOs. She served as chairperson, Zila Council, Jhang during 1998-99, and has been elected as Member Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in General Elections 2002. She elected both times by joining the Pakistan Peoples Party.
She was appointed Minister for Social Welfare on 24 November 2003 and resigned on 18 June 2004. She belongs to a well known political family. Her maternal Grandfather Col. Syed Abid Hussain enjoyed the historic distinction of being elected as a Member of the Legislative/Constituent Assembly 1945 of undivided India. Col. Abid represented the Pakistan Muslim League in the parliament in Delhi under the leadership of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. He also served as Federal Minister Communication & Works (1951–53) in Prime Minister Hussain Shaheed Suhrahwardy’s Cabinet. Sughra's mother took on Col. Abid’s mantle, becoming the first women in Pakistan’s history to be elected chairperson of a district government, and the first women ever in Pakistan to be elected as a Member of National Assembly. Syeda Abida Hussain, Sughra's mother, remained Member of Punjab Assembly during 1972-77, Member of National Assembly 1985-88, 1988–90, 1997–99, and Pakistan’s Ambassador in Washington, D.C. (1991–93). Sughra’s father, Syed Fakhar Imam also remained Member of National Assembly during 1985-88, 1990–93, and 1997–99; and served as Speaker of National Assembly during 1985-86. Fakhar Imam is remembered for resigning from his position as Federal Minister on a point of principle.

</doc>
<doc id="2843324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843324" title="Clamp">
Clamp

Clamp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843339" title="Guatemalan rock">
Guatemalan rock

Guatemalan Rock or "Rock Chapín" is a genre of rock music which has been developing in Guatemala since the mid-1960s.
Guatemalan Rock Music.
The rock movement with Spanish texts began in Guatemala in the mid-1960s. One of the first representatives of the rock movement was Luis Galich, with his band "Santa Fé", who played gigs and concerts in Guatemala City and some of the towns. Bands like "Plástico Pesado" (Manu Ramirez, Tacuche, Rollin y Paco Lam) later renamed "Quetzalumán", were more on the side of the experimental and original music. Other psychedelic bands of that time included "S.O.S." (Rony de Leon, Chepito Hope, David de Gandarias), "Caballo Loco", "Apple Pie" (Tito Henkle, Luis Zetina, Rico Molina & Gentry), "Cuerpo y Alma", "Banda Clásica", "Cerebro", "La Compañía", "Siglo XX", "Eclipse", and "Pastel de Fresa". 
One remarkable milestone was the unprecedented creation in 1973-74 of the rock opera "Corazón del sol naciente" (Heart of the Sunrise) by "Sol Naciente", a large youth group formed by dancers, solo vocalists, an extended chorus, as well as band which included Guatemalan percussion instruments besides "unplugged" acoustical guitars, piano, and solo violin. Some of the band members later formed the group Alción.
A very important and popular band during the 1980s and 90s was Alux Nahual, one of the Spanish lyrics writing and singing rock bands, that has published a number of recordings in Guatemala. At their beginnings they were heavily influenced by "progressive rock" bands such as Kansas and Jethro Tull, though they added a very important native theme to their lyrics, it never really evolved into their sound. Their members nowadays are active musicians giving "reunion" concerts but mostly keep working as individuals producing and performing.
Another popular band was Extincion, which opened for bands such as Control Machete and Enrique Bunbury, they characterized for their hard lyrics and speed metal sounds.
Guatemalan rock bands such as "Radio Viejo", "Ricardo Andrade y los Últimos Adictos" (which disbanded after their leader, Ricardo Andrade, was murdered in Sanarate, El Progreso), "Bohemia Suburbana", Viernes verde and "Viento en Contra" have enjoyed popularity among high-school and college students during the 1990s and 2000s, like Fabulas (http://www.reverbnation.com/#!/fabulas) and La Tona too, being "Bohemia Suburbana" the most influential band to emerge from the scene around that decade. Fusing influences like U2 and Soda Stereo, "Bohemia Suburbana" created something rooted on very well crafted melodies and arrangements, though never relying on Guatemalan native sounds. Their most noted influences came from underground American and European sounds and some South American and Caribbean. However, the band has not been able to sustain itself and has been coming and going without major achievements in the recent years.
On the contrary, Viernes verde, which originated almost simultaneously with Bohemia Suburbana, has remained active even with lineup changes since the year 1993 when they became active. They are also the founders of the rock festival "La Garra Chapina" which was created by them to help newcomers into the rock industry in Guatemala. According to their official band web page, the idea of this concert was to transmit their message through audiovisual aids to represent historical moments of Guatemala. This concert event was one of the first to be fully broadcast live by national radio stations in Guatemala. This concert had a full house and has been continued annually since the year of 1999. Viernes Verde started as a grunge band, but has evolved into different music styles which gives the band one of its distinctive characteristics. The sounds of Viernes Verde, based on the majority of their songs, would identify with the alternative rock genre. One of the main factors that allows this group to gain such a strong popularity is their ability to appeal to a broad audience. On their first album titled, “Cenizas Bajo Tus Pies”, they have six tracks in Spanish and four in English. Having songs in both languages allows them the opportunity to connect with a greater audience.
Some of the bands of Guatemalan rock active in the present are "Razones de Cambio", "El Tambor de la Tribu", "Malacates Trebol Shop", Viernes verde, "Redhka", "La Gran Calabaza", "El Clubo", "Viento en Contra", "Anarkia", "Sinattra", "Legión", "Vitriolo", "Bohemia Suburbana", and "Especies", among many others. Newer bands, like 4 Tiempos, have emerged in the early 2000s. Hedras Ramos http://www.hedrasramos.com is a young rock guitar player, perhaps the most prolific guitarist representing Guatemala in countries like England and Romania on rock world guitar competitions like Guitar Idol http://www.guitaridol.tv and Ziua Chitarelor 3 respectively.
Guatemalan Rock And Roll came to be an influence in the broader Guatemalan society that was synonymous with "rebellion", yet it never provided a medium in which a broad base of youth from the 60s and 70s could make something influential enough to affect change in all sectors of society. There were some major factors that prohibited it from being popularly accepted among the country of Guatemala. During this time period around the 70's there was a lot of corruption and social unrest occurring in Guatemala. The police would often search and arrest audience members of these rock gigs, as well as many other types of gatherings. On occasion, musicians would go missing and would never be found or would be found dead. Another factor was that rock music was mainly produced in English. It took some time for the transition of rock music from English to Spanish to be accepted as rock among the people. 
Today, the sound of the bands has so much to do with what North America produces, and the only efforts to make something original have been, seeking for the fusion of native elements with the "rock" sound. A unique case in the scene is the rock band "Sobrevivencia" from Huehuetenango whose lyrics are sung in Mam, a Mayan language spoken in the Guatemalan northwest.
In 2011 a new movement was born called “El Ritmo de La Paz” created by the company “Impulsos Creativos”.
Its main approach was to new or Amateur Rock bands who competed for a prize that onsisted in recording their first album and also promotion in the media.
13 Amateur bands joined the movement and only 7 made it to the finals; they played along with professional bands at “Parque de la Industria” such as Silent Poetry, Conciencia Sublime, Arena Rock, Nova Epica, Bhios (Huehuetenango), Artifice and Metal Requiem.
The winner of the contest was the band named “Iridium Mas Alla de Mi Tierra” who have been promoted by “Impulsos Creativos” as one of the prizes they have had appearances both in Nacional and Cable TV also they have been interviewed and their songs have been played in Nacional Radio stations. They are recording their first album as they play in numerous concerts.
“El Ritmo de La Paz” is a Rock Festival that that repeats itself each year with a message for the utopian peace that every Guatemalan desires.

</doc>
<doc id="2843342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843342" title="Vernon Johns">
Vernon Johns

Vernon Johns (April 22, 1892 – June 11, 1965) was an American minister and civil rights leader who was active in the struggle for civil rights for African Americans from the 1920s. At times he has been rated as one of the three greatest African-American preachers, along with Mordecai Johnson and Howard Thurman.
He is considered by some as the father of the American Civil Rights Movement, having laid the foundation on which Martin Luther King, Jr. and others would build. He was Dr. King's predecessor as pastor at Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama from 1947 to 1952, and a mentor of Ralph Abernathy, Wyatt Walker, and many others in the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. 
Dr. Vernon Johns was born in Darlington Heights,Virginia.Three of his grandparents were slaves. His paternal grandfather had been hanged for killing his master.Johns maternal grandfather was a Mr. Prince.Prince had a long-standing relationship with Johns maternal grandmother and served prison time for killing a man who tried to rape her. After her mother died, Johns' mother Sallie Prince was raised by the white wife of her father. 
In 1915, Johns graduated from Virginia, He then attended The University of Chicago's Graduate School of Theology. 
After graduating from the University of Chicago, Johns moved between various congregations in Virginia, West Virginia and Pennsylvania. In 1926, he was the first African-American to have his work published in "Best Sermons of the Year".
In 1927, Johns married Altona Trent. She was a pianist and music teacher who became a professor at Alabama State University. It was due to her connection to ASU that she was able to influence Dexter Avenue Baptist Church to hire Johns as pastor in October 1948. While a pastor at Dexter Avenue, Johns advocated more stringent prosecution of rapes of black women, and despite having managed to initiate the process in a number of cases, none of the charges resulted in convictions. On one occasion, he managed to obtain a refund from a bus driver while protesting discrimination against African Americans. Johns also took umbrage at the elitist attitude of his congregants.
In Prince Edward County, Virginia, the Robert Moton School was the scene of a student strike for better conditions in 1951. One student leader,Barbara Rose Johns was the niece of Vernon Johns. Though he was in Montgomery at the time of the student strike, many report that he was influential in giving advice. His wife was a former teacher in the Robert Moton High School, and he still had numerous familial ties in the community of Farmville and the surrounding area. The Johns family knew the social politics of the area. The local NAACP chapter saw an opportunity to push for change and helped the students continue the fight after the ten day strike was over. This case, Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County, would be combined into others and brought to the U.S. Supreme Court as Brown v. Board of Education.
Vernon Johns died of a heart attack in Washington, D.C. on June 11, 1965 at age 73.
Legacy.
A television film was made in 1994 called "Road to Freedom: The Vernon Johns Story", written by Leslie Lee and Kevin Arkadie, based on an unpublished biography by Henry W. Powell of The Vernon Johns Society. The motion picture was directed by Kenneth Fink and stars James Earl Jones in the title role. Former NBA superstar Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who has long expressed an interest in African-American history, was the film's co-executive producer.
David Anderson Elementary School in Petersburg, Virginia, was renamed 'Vernon Johns Middle School' several years ago. In 2009 it became the junior high school for the city school system.

</doc>
<doc id="2843344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843344" title="Symmetric hydrogen bond">
Symmetric hydrogen bond

A symmetric hydrogen bond is a special type of hydrogen bond in which the proton is spaced exactly halfway between two identical atoms. The strength of the bond to each of those atoms is equal. It is an example of a 3-center 4-electron bond. This type of bond is much stronger than "normal" hydrogen bonds, in fact, its strength is comparable to a covalent bond. It is seen in ice at high pressure (Ice X), and also in the solid phase of many anhydrous acids such as hydrofluoric acid and formic acid at high pressure. It is also seen in the bifluoride ion [F−H−F]−. Much has been done to explain the symmetric hydrogen bond quantum-mechanically, as it seems to violate the duet rule for the first shell: The proton is effectively surrounded by four electrons. Because of this problem, some consider it to be an ionic bond.

</doc>
<doc id="2843360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843360" title="Fanon">
Fanon

Fanon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843362" title="World Harvest Radio International">
World Harvest Radio International

World Harvest Radio International (WHRI) is a shortwave radio station in the United States, broadcasting conservative religious programming worldwide in the English language on a number of frequencies. Part of the LeSEA Christian broadcasting group, WHRI is based in Cypress Creek, South Carolina, with its signal rebroadcast on its sister stations, WHRA in Greenbush, Maine and T8WH in Palau.
History.
WHRI signed on in 1985 with their first service, "Angel 1", covering Central America, South America, and the Caribbean. Its 2nd service from WHRI, "Angel 2" went on the air in 1987, covering Europe, Central and South America.
In 1993, WHRI opened a second station, KWHR (transmitted from Ka Lae, the southernmost point in Hawaii), which provided "Angel 3" covering China and Eastern Asia, expanding in 1997 with "Angel 4", covering the South Pacific. The license for KWHR expired in 2009. "Angel 3" and "Angel 4" now transmit from T8WH in Palau.
In 1998, its third station, WHRA, signed on with "Angel 5", a signal for Africa and the Middle East. As of November 17, 2009, "WHRA in Greenbush, Maine has signed off the air for good. All equipment has been dismantled. Former frequencies for WHRA have been reassigned for WHRI usage."
WHRI also operates "Angel 6" with a signal primarily for Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="2843363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843363" title="Between the Sheets (song)">
Between the Sheets (song)

"Between the Sheets" is a hit quiet storm funk song released by American R&B/soul/funk band The Isley Brothers in 1983 off their album of the same name on the T-Neck imprint.
History.
By the early 1980s, the fortunes of the Isley Brothers were dwindling due to changing musical styles and the partnership between the family members losing ground. Chris Jasper and fellow members Ernie Isley and Marvin Isley were constantly producing music that they had initially intended to be part of their own splinter group. In the meantime, the elder three Isleys - vocalists Ronald Isley, O'Kelly Isley and Rudolph Isley - were dealing with tax debts and accusations they had evaded paying back taxes to the IRS. The Isley Brothers' musical heyday had peaked in the mid-seventies and while their late-seventies recordings found success, as they entered the eighties, they struggled to compete with a growing list of funk groups such as Cameo and The Gap Band. In 1982, their album, "The Real Deal", failed to generate any hits and failed to go gold. 
Later that year, the group returned to the studios in Bearsville, New York to work on their follow-up. Influenced by the success of Marvin Gaye's "Sexual Healing", Ernie Isley and Marvin Isley had composed a sensual minimalist light funk groove aimed strictly for the bedroom. The production of what became "Between the Sheets" was different from previous recordings with stripped down synthesizer solos by Chris Jasper (who also sung background vocals), drum programming and assorted percussion by Ernie Isley and Marvin Isley and simple handclaps.
Reception.
Like many of the group's releases, songwriting credit was shared with all six band mates (though only Marvin and Ernie wrote the song), "Between the Sheets" was recorded in November 1982 and was released in early February 1983 hitting the charts two months later. The song made a huge impression on the Isleys' long legion of R&B fans who took the song to number three on the Billboard Top R&B Singles chart while it peaked at number one on Billboard's "Bubbling Under" chart. The song's R&B success helped their "Between the Sheets" album go platinum, the brothers' first platinum album since 1978's "Showdown". 
Despite the success, it was already confirmed even before the album's release that the younger Isleys and Jasper would be leaving the older Isleys for their own group. Within a year after their final tour together, Ernie, Marvin and Chris did leave to form Isley-Jasper-Isley leaving the Isley Brothers back to their original position as a vocal trio. But "Sheets" helped the group earn new credibility in the industry and assured their legendary status. 
The song would be heavily sampled in the years to come by hip-hop artists such as Andre Nickatina, Common, Da Brat, The Notorious B.I.G., Jim Jones, UGK, Drake, Jay-Z, as well as freestyled over by Lupe Fiasco. The beat for "Ignorant Shit" by Jay-Z, created by Just Blaze, sampled "Between the Sheets". Rapper Notorious B.I.G. used a slightly modified beat for his hugely popular track "Big Poppa". Rappers Drake and Lil Wayne recorded a version of "Ignorant Shit" for Drake's 2009 mixtape So Far Gone with them rapping over the Just Blaze beat. The song, "A Night Off" (Drake featuring Lloyd), produced by Noah "40" Shebib, that directly follows "Ignorant Shit" on the mixtape, also samples "Between the Sheets". LL Cool J mentioned the song and the Isleys on his song "Back Seat".
Artists outside the hip-hop genre have also sampled the song including Gwen Stefani, who sampled the song for her single, "Luxurious", which she also did a remix with Slim Thug and R & B singer Whitney Houston's 2002 single, "One of Those Days" uses lyrical elements and she also mentions the Isley Brothers and in the beginning of the track can be heard humming the intro to the group's cover of Todd Rundgren's "Hello It's Me". Jazz band Fourplay recorded a hit cover version of the song in 1992 with Chaka Khan as the vocalist.
Appearances in other media.
The song "Between the Sheets" appears in the "" video game soundtrack, on the fictitious radio station , and is also appears as one of three tracks played in the games various strip clubs.
The Japanese funk band Omokage Lucky Hole makes reference to "Between The Sheets" in the lyrics for their song "Wet" on their album titled "On The Border".
Rapper Kendrick Lamar makes references to "Between The Sheets" in the song "M.A.A.D City" on his album "Good Kid, M.A.A.D City".

</doc>
<doc id="2843380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843380" title="The President's Last Bang">
The President's Last Bang

"The President's Last Bang" () 1 is a 2005 satiric black comedy film by South Korean director Im Sang-soo about the events leading to and the aftermath of the assassination of Korean President Park Chung-hee by his close friend and Korean Intelligence Agency director Kim Jae-kyu. 
The fictional portrayal of the former President has raised a storm of controversy, leading to a suit against the film by Park Chung-hee's only son, Park Ji-man. In 2005, a ruling by the Seoul Central Court ordered that 3 minutes and 50 seconds of documentary footage (mostly of demonstrations) be censored out of the film. In response, the director had the excised footage replaced with a blank screen for its running time. During its theatrical run, both nationally and internationally, only the censored version was shown.
The ruling was appealed, and in August 2006 overturned, with the court issuing the following statement: "We must broadly confirm the right of free expression concerning the depiction of public historical figures." The court also concluded that several scenes were an unjust smear against the former president and ordered MK Pictures, the production company that financed the film, to pay President Park's family 100 million won (roughly $105,000 USD).
Plot.
Almost the entirety of the film focus on the few hours before and after Park's assassination on October 26, 1979. Undoubtedly the most controversial aspect of the film is its portrayal of Park. In the film, he is shown to be a cowardly libertine, having late-night drinking parties, pawing young women, and in particular having much admiration for Japanese culture, to the point of occasionally speaking Japanese himself. 
The film starts out in a luxurious brothel, where KCIA Chief Agent Ju deals with the mother of a young woman who was one of Park's playmates, who has come with her daughter to offer her again to the President, by interrogating and intimidating them. KCIA director Kim gets scolded by a doctor about his drinking, a direct result of having to attend President Park's drinking parties. Scenes of various officials and low officers making their way to a heavily guarded safehouse follow, including Chief Agent Ju procuring an attractive young woman and the famous enka and trot singer Sim Soo-bong for the party.
During the dinner, President Park, his personal bodyguard Cha Ji-cheol, Director Kim, Chief Secretary Yang (appointed to the post to be Park's drinking buddy, portrayed as a total sycophant) discuss how to deal with demonstrators, with Cha berating Kim for not being repressive enough. Kim, having been agitated the entire day, decides then to kill Park, and hatches the plan with Chief Agent Ju and KCIA Col. Min. 
Director Kim returns to the party, shoots Cha (who is unarmed) and Park, each with a single shot, jamming the pistol on this second shot. Soon thereafter, Agent Ju and Col. Min and a few minions kill the president's personal bodyguard staff and secure the building. Kim comes back with another gun and finishes off Cha and tells off Park before shooting him in the head. They move to make the scene resemble an ambush by North Korean forces, and Kim uses the political fear and tension to his advantage while convening a Cabinet Council.
Director Kim and Colonel Min meet with the Army higher-ups to sell them his version of events, but Chief Secretary Yang gets to them first and tells what really happened. With every agency under its own authority and the possibility of inter-agency war looming, the Army arrests Director Kim, leaving Agent Yu and Colonel Min helpless and confused. Realizing their fate, they call their families to say goodbye. Prime Minister Choi Kyu-ha ascends to the presidency, and the fates of those involved at the party, mostly execution, are listed.
Pusan Film Festival.
The President's Last Bang was restored and screened in its entirety, from October 13 to 18, 2006, at the 11th "Pusan International Film Festival".

</doc>
<doc id="2843381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843381" title="The Atheism Tapes">
The Atheism Tapes

The Atheism Tapes is a 2004 BBC television documentary series presented by Jonathan Miller. The material that makes up the series was originally filmed in 2003 for another, more general series, " ", but was too lengthy for inclusion. Instead, the BBC agreed to create "The Atheism Tapes" as a supplementary series of six programmes, each consisting of an extended interview with one contributor.
The programmes.
All six programmes were conducted in the form of interviews; the synopses below are summaries of the interviewees' responses to Miller's questions.
Colin McGinn.
English philosopher McGinn speaks about the various reasons for not believing in God, and some of the reasons for. He gives a thorough treatment of the ontological argument. In addition, McGinn draws an important distinction between atheism (lack of belief in a deity) and antitheism (active opposition to theism); he identifies himself as both an atheist and an antitheist. Finally, he speculates about a post-theistic society.
Steven Weinberg.
American physicist Weinberg talks about the effectiveness of the Design Argument, both in the past and today. He also discusses the reasons that people become religious, including the varying influences of physical and biological arguments against religion. Miller connects this to a higher likelihood of biologists being non-believers than physicists, which Weinberg finds surprising.
Weinberg goes on to distinguish between harm done "in the name of" religion from that done "by" religion and states that both of these are very real and very dangerous. He goes on to discuss the difference between religious belief in America and Europe, and about how he doesn't like the "character" of the monotheistic God. He ends by saying that science is very definitely corrosive to religious belief, and that he considers this a good thing.
Arthur Miller.
American playwright Arthur Miller talks about his atheism from a Jewish perspective. He discusses his view that some cases of antisemitism come from Christians who believe Jewish people are disbelievers because they do not believe Christ was the son of God. They also discuss the overlay of religion and patriotism, particularly with American politics, but also on how many of the wars today come from the mixture of nationalism and religious beliefs. Lastly, he explains how he does not believe that there is an afterlife except in the sense that people are remembered by the material possessions that they leave behind or the deeds that they did during their life that still have an impact on the world.
Richard Dawkins.
English biologist Richard Dawkins first talks about how the view that evil exists may come from a personification of some principal belief. Next, he explains the process by which he became an atheist despite being raised as an Anglican. They then discuss at length natural selection and how it acts as the guiding force for evolution. He also points out the fallacy in using a God-of-the-gaps argument for explaining the world. Next, he goes over the importance of holding and defending an atheist world view.
Denys Turner.
British theologian Denys Turner points out that being an atheist or theist depends largely upon what questions you ask yourself. He then shares his view that atheism can also suffer from its own sort of fundamentalism. They spend some time covering the issue of why or how something comes from nothing.
Daniel Dennett.
American philosopher Dennett explains why he called one of his books "Darwin's Dangerous Idea", and why many of Darwin's contemporaries, in particular, considered Darwin's theory of evolution to be dangerous. He goes on to deal with the question of consciousness (i.e., is the consciousness/soul distinct from the body), talking about Darwin's rejection of the soul and the possible origins and psychological purposes of a belief in an immaterial soul.
Next, he talks about his Christian upbringing and how he became an atheist. He goes on to ask why it is thought rude to criticise religious belief, and suggests that it is due to the influential status of the religions in question. He finishes by wondering whether we could live effectively in a post-theistic world.

</doc>
<doc id="2843397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843397" title="SunCom">
SunCom

SunCom Wireless Holdings, Inc. was a wireless carrier that operated in the Southeastern United States since 1999 and in parts of the Caribbean since 2004. From the "About Us" section of the company's website:
As of the third quarter of 2007, SunCom was providing digital wireless communications services to approximately 1.1 million customers and employed more than 1,900 people. In February 2008, SunCom was acquired by T-Mobile USA, Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom AG. The company traded on the NYSE under the TPC ticker symbol.
In September 2008, the SunCom brand was phased out and rebranded under the T-Mobile name.
History.
Founded in January 1999 as Triton PCS Holdings by Mark Balfour, SunCom has gone through many deals with other cellular carriers. By 1995, Suncom was developed and had a significant share of the wireless market. In December 2004, SunCom acquired 29,139 customers from Cingular Wireless as part of a deal of exchanging towers. In March 2005, SunCom sold 169 cell towers in North Carolina, South Carolina, and Puerto Rico to Global Signal Acquisitions. SunCom formed an agreement with Global Signal Acquisitions in June 2005 to lease tower space that they subsequently sold. In October 2005, SunCom agreed to sell the 29,139 customers from the deal in 2004 back to Cingular.
On September 17, 2007, T-Mobile USA Inc. announced it would acquire SunCom for approximately $1.6 billion in cash and $800 million in assumed debt. The deal closed on February 22, 2008.
Cellular services.
SunCom's operations provided service across North Carolina, South Carolina, northern Georgia, parts of eastern Tennessee, central Arkansas and southwest Virginia, as well as Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Beginning in 2001, SunCom merged with AT&T Wireless that served states in the Great Lakes area including Wisconsin, Illinois, and Michigan. This was short lived and lasted only a year.
As of 2007, SunCom Wireless provided wireless service utilizing the GSM standard and operating in the 1900MHz PCS frequency-band, except for one 800MHz license in CMA 629 (Myrtle Beach, SC). Originally, SunCom utilized TDMA as its technology platform when it constructed its wireless network in 1999 and began offering service. In 2003, the company began overlaying GSM, along with its associated GPRS technology, completing the upgrade by June 2004 and enabling access across SunCom's footprint. At the time, this was a significant upgrade from TDMA as GSM/GPRS offered more advanced wireless capabilities including data and video transmission.
Suncom Wireless operated in two separate and distinct regional areas: one in the Southeast U.S. and one in the Caribbean.
Southeast U.S. operations.
The company's Southeast operations provided service across North and South Carolina, eastern Georgia, northeastern Tennessee, and southwestern Virginia. SunCom owned wireless licenses in the "28 Basic Trading Areas" as defined by the FCC which covered SunCom Wireless's southeast region. These licenses included the major metropolitan areas of Charlotte, Greensboro, Raleigh-Durham, and Charleston and in aggregate encompass a population of over 14 million people.
SunCom Wireless completed the migration of its remaining TDMA Customer Base to GSM on September 30, 2006. In the final days of its operation, SunCom Wireless only operated on the GSM platform.
Caribbean operations.
In the Caribbean, SunCom operated in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The company owned 3 wireless licenses covering this territory, which had a population of more than 4 million people.
Awards Received.
2008- Cell Phone Company of the Year
Myrtle Beach Herald
Myrtle Beach, SC
2007- Best Wireless Provider
Kingsport, Tenn.
Best Wireless Provider
Myrtle Beach, S.C.
2006- Best Wireless Provider
Columbia, SC
Best Wireless Provider
Fayetteville, NC
Best Wireless Provider
Myrtle Beach, SC
2005- Best Wireless Provider
Fayetteville, NC
Best Wireless Provider
Charleston, SC
2004- Best Wireless Provider
Norfolk, VA
Best Wireless Provider
Roanoke, VA
Best Wireless Provider
Savannah, GA
Best Wireless Provider
Richmond, VA
Best Wireless Provider
Kingsport, TN
Best Wireless Provider
Virginia Beach, VA

</doc>
<doc id="2843399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843399" title="Ecce Homo (exhibition)">
Ecce Homo (exhibition)

Ecce Homo was a controversial exhibition of 12 photographs of different biblical situations, in modern surroundings, taken by the Swedish photographer Elisabeth Ohlson Wallin. The first vernissage of the exhibition was in Stockholm, July 1998 and attracted much attention. When the exhibition was shown in the cathedral of Uppsala in September it caused a national debate. The reactions was often very emotional, and both positive and negative. The photos portrayed Jesus among homosexuals, trans people, leatherpeople and people with AIDS. The exhibition toured Scandinavia and continental Europe between 1998 and 2004. An Ecce Homo exhibition opened in October 2012 in the Belgrade Pride festival in Belgrade, Serbia, and was guarded by large number of riot police due rioting in the ensuing controversy.
The photographs.
The photos recreated classical Christian motifs, but substituted the persons or the surrounding context with lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender-related (LGBT) issues and persons. An example of context substitution is the recreation of the motif of Mary holding Jesus (the Pietà motif), with the surrounding context being that of a medical facility, with Jesus dying from AIDS. 
The photographs are all connected to, and shown together with, quotations from the Bible and depicts: Annunciation Luk 1:30–31, Birth of Jesus Luk 2:7, Baptism of Jesus Luk 3:21–22, Woes of the Pharisees Matt 23:13, The Arriving to Jerusalem Luk 19:37 -40, Last Supper Matt 26:26 -28, The kiss of Judas Matt 26:45 – 48, Jesus being weighed down by the cross Mark 15:17 – 20, Crucifixion of Jesus Matt 27:45 – 46, Pietàn Joh 19:26, Jesus showing himself to the women Matt 28:9 – 10 and Heaven Matt 18:18. Many of the pictures are inspired of classical paintings and all of them are photographed in a modern surrounding. The photographer has deliberately used homosexual models to communicate the likeness between biblical situations of being unaccepted and modern ones, and to show the all-embracing love of God. On the photo of the Last Supper there are transgendered instead of homosexual models, as a comment of the fact that Jesus according to the Bible often partook in meals together with people not accepted by society. 
Controversy.
As the exhibition toured Sweden, primarily in churches and congregations of the Lutheran Church of Sweden, it sparked an intense debate both from within the church and from other churches. It was shown inside Uppsala Cathedral with the permission of the dean Tuulikki Koivunen Bylund, sanctioned by K. G. Hammar, the archbishop of Uppsala and head of the Church of Sweden. The opinion of Swedish society was deeply polarized, with some considering it to be a radical expression of Christian love while others considered it to be sacrilegious. According to Hammar, "We had two piles of letters, they were about the same size all of the time."
Some LGBT members of the church described the showing and defend the exhibition as the first time they felt at home in the church and embraced by it. Other LGBT members felt the erotic pictures perpetuated stereotypes about their community, or felt more alienated from the church after the vitriolic debate that followed the exhibition. Tord Harlin, the bishop of Uppsala, described the exhibition as "At best it is bad theology, at worst it is blasphemy." Reflecting upon the exhibition in an interview in 2004, K. G. Hammar said:
"Yes I found the picture difficult at a personal level, but that wasn't the issue. This was about homosexuals, a group who have a hard time to feel at home in the church. Should pictures which in a very charged way illustrated their part in Jesus be removed just because we found them difficult on a personal level? Then we would have sent the signal that the church and the homosexuals are two different worlds which are not to be mixed."
The photo considered most controversial was the one portraying the baptism of Jesus, in which the penis of the Jesus character was visible.
As a result of archbishop K. G. Hammar's sanction and defense of the exhibition, the Pope cancelled the planned audience he previously had granted Hammar.

</doc>
<doc id="2843400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843400" title="Search EDP Inc.">
Search EDP Inc.

Search EDP Inc. is a staffing firm founded in 1983 for both full-time employees and consultants. The corporation, based in Montville, New Jersey, has the ability to source talent in all fifty U.S. states.
Although the firm started as an information technology staffing specialist, they have grown to accommodate most professions. Search EDP uses the latest in "e-cruiting" technology and has become a premier agency in the Northeastern United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2843405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843405" title="1966 in Australia">
1966 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="2843413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843413" title="Lang Lang, Victoria">
Lang Lang, Victoria

Lang Lang is a town in Victoria, Australia, 73 km south-east of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Cardinia. At the 2011 Census, Lang Lang had a population of 1,345. 
The village is just off the South Gippsland Highway near its intersection with the Bass Highway, on the Lang Lang River and is the centre of the largest asparagus growing region in the southern hemisphere, and also caters to beef and dairy farming.
Etymology.
In the Australian Aboriginal Woiwurrung language, the name "Lang Lang", also spelled Laang Laang, meant "stones" or "stony". The Aboriginal name "Lang Lang" is believed to mean "bush bush"; or a "clump of trees".
Lang Lang was formerly known as Carrington, after Lord Carrington. The town is named in honour of an early settler in region, called Lang.
Location and features.
Lang Lang Post Office opened on 20 May 1878. In 1891 after the arrival of the railway it was renamed Lang Lang West and a new Lang Lang office was opened near the station. A Post Office known as Lang Lang East opened in 1885 but was replaced by Nyora in 1890, again near the station.
General Motors Holden operates the Lang Lang Vehicle Proving Grounda vehicle development, durability testing, safety test centre and exhaust emission facility, located on the South Gippsland Highway near Lang Lang. 
A rodeo has been held regularly at Lang Lang on Easter Monday since the 1940s. The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Ellinbank & District Football League. Golfers play at the course of the Lang Lang Golf Club on the South Gippsland Highway, Nyora.
Transport.
Lang Lang was formerly situated along the South Gippsland railway corridor that operated to its terminus at Yarram in the early 1980's and Leongatha in the mid 1990's. A V/Line road coach service replaced the rail service to Leongatha on July 24 1993, running between Melbourne and Yarram. However, since the closure of the South Gippsland rail line with the exception of the locally run tourist railway between Nyora and Leongatha by the Kennett Victorian government on December 14 1994, the South and West Gippsland Transport Group represented by the local council are campaigning for the rail services to be reinstated beyond the current terminus at Cranbourne by the 2020's. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843455" title="South Slavs">
South Slavs

The South Slavs are a subgroup of Slavic peoples who speak the South Slavic languages. They inhabit a contiguous region in the Balkan Peninsula, southern Pannonian Plain and eastern Alps, and are geographically separated from the body of West Slavic and East Slavic people by the Romanians, Hungarians, and Austrians. They include the Bosniaks, Bulgarians, Croats, Macedonians, Montenegrins, Serbs, and Slovenes. They are the main population of the Central and Southern European countries of Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia and Slovenia. Their territories are separated from the rest of the Slavic nations since the 15th century by the modern non-Slavic states of Austria, Hungary and Romania, leading to a differing historical progression for the South Slav nations in relation to the West and East Slavs.
The country of Yugoslavia (lit. "South Slavia") merged the vast region to which most South Slavic nations are autochthonous (the key exception being Bulgaria and the Bulgarians) into a single state. The concept of "Yugoslavia", as a single state for all South Slavic peoples, emerged in the late 17th century and gained prominence through the Illyrian movement of the 19th century. The name was created by the combination of the Slavic words "jug" (south) and "sloveni" (Slavs).
History.
Early accounts.
Little is known about the Slavs before the 5th century. Their history prior to this can only be tentatively hypothesized via pre-Indo-European archeological and linguistic studies. Much of what we know about their history after the 6th century is from the works of Byzantine historians. In his work "De Bellis", Procopius portrays the Sclavini (supposed to be Slavs) as unusually tall and strong, with a tan complexion and reddish-blonde hair, living a rugged and primitive life. They lived in huts, often distant from one another and often changed their place of abode. They were not ruled by a single leader, but for a long time lived in a "democracy". John of Ephesus, in his "Ecclesiastical History" portrays the Slavs as extremely violent people. They probably believed in many Gods, but Procopius suggests they believed in one, perhaps supreme god. He has often been identified as Perun, the creator of lightning. The Slavs went into battle on foot, charging straight at their enemy, armed with spears and small shields, but they did not wear armour.
This information is supplanted by Pseudo-Maurice's work "Strategikon", describing the Slavs as a numerous but disorganised and leaderless people, resistant to hardship and not allowing themselves to be enslaved or conquered. The lack of understanding may be attributed to matrilineal succession practiced among Southern Slavs.
They made their homes in forests, by rivers and wetlands. Jordanes states that the Slavs "have their homelands on the Danube, not far from the northern bank." Subsequent information about early Slavic states and the Slavs' interaction with the Greeks comes from "De Administrando Imperio" by Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus, the compilations of "Miracles of Saint Demetrius", "History" by Theophylact Simocatta and the "Royal Frankish Annals".
Migrations and postulated homeland.
Scholars have traditionally placed the Slavic "Urheimat" in the Pripet marshes of Ukraine, or alternatively between the Bug and the Dniepr. In the 5th century Slavs are mentioned as living north of the Danube in the written sources from that era. From the 5th century, they supposedly spread outward in all directions. The Balkans was one of the regions which lay in the path of the expanding Slavs.
Regarding the Slavs mentioned by 6th-century Byzantine chroniclers, Florin Curta states that their 'homeland' was north of the Danube and not in the Belorussian-Ukrainian borderlands. He clarifies that their itinerant form of agriculture (they lacked the knowledge of crop rotation) "may have encouraged mobility on a micro regional scale". Material culture from the Danube suggests that there was an evolution of Slavic society between the early 7th century and the 8th century. As the Byzantines re-asserted the Danubian defences in the mid 6th century, the Slavs' yield of pillaged goods dropped. As a reaction to this economic isolation, and external threats (e.g. from Avars and Byzantines), political and military mobilisation occurred. Archeological sites from the late 7th century show that the earlier settlements which were merely a non-specific collection of hamlets began to evolve into larger communities with differentiated areas (e.g. designated areas for public feasts as well as an 'industrial' area for craftsmanship). As community elites rose to prominence, they came to "embody a collective interest and responsibility" for the group. "If that group identity can be called ethnicity, and if that ethnicity can be called Slavic, then it certainly formed in the shadow of Justinian's forts, not in the Pripet marshes."
The Byzantines broadly grouped the numerous Slav tribes into two groups: the Sclaveni and Antes. They are both first encountered in the lower Danube region. Some, such as Bulgarian scholar Vasil Zlatarski, suggest that the first group settled the western Balkans, becoming one of the forerunners of the linguistic group that became the Bosnians, Serbs and Croats, whilst offshoots of the Antes settled the eastern regions (roughly speaking), becoming one of the ancestors of the Bulgarians. From the Danube, they commenced raiding the Byzantine Empire from the 520s, on an annual basis. They spread about destruction, taking loot and herds of cattle, seizing prisoners and taking fortresses. Often, the Byzantine Empire was stretched defending its rich Asian provinces from Arabs, Persians and Turks. This meant that even numerically small, disorganised early Slavic raids were capable of causing much disruption, but could not capture the larger, fortified cities.
Large scale Slavic settlement in the Balkans begins in the late 570s and early 580s. Menander, a late 6th-century historian speaks of 100,000 Slavs pouring into Thrace (though likely with some exaggeration) and Illyricum, taking cities and settling down. These large scale population movements are associated with the arrival to the area of the Avars, a nomadic Turkic group that had lost a war against other nomads further east, and settled in the Carpathian basin, subjugating the many small Slavic tribes. They were also facilitated by the fact that the Byzantine Empire was embroiled in a series of wars with Sassanid Persia at the time and was unable to send troops to the Balkans.
By the 580s, as the Slav communities on the Danube became larger and more organized, and as the Avars exerted their influence, raids became larger and resulted in permanent settlement. Most scholars consider the period of 581-584 as the beginning of large scale Slavic settlement in the Balkans. Around this time, the chronicle known as the "Miracles of Saint Demetrius" speaks of large-scale Slavic settlement in the area around Thessaloniki, although the Slavs never managed to take the city itself. In 591, the Byzantines ended their war with the Persians and a serious attempt to restore the northern border was made by the emperor Maurice, a skilled strategist. Although largely successful, Maurice did not manage to completely eliminate the Avars, and was eventually deposed and murdered in 602 (in part due to his refusal to ransom a large number of captives who were then slaughtered by the Avars). War with the Persians soon broke out again, and the northern border collapsed once more.
The Avars arrived in Europe in the late 550s. Although their identity would not last, the Avars greatly impacted the events of the Balkans. They settled the Carpathian plain, west of the main Slavic settlements. They crushed the Gepid Kingdom (a Germanic tribe) and pushed the Lombards into Italy, essentially opening up the western Balkans. They asserted their authority over many Slavs, who were divided into numerous petty tribes. Many Slavs were relocated to the Avar base in the Carpathian basin and were galvanized into an effective infantry force. Other Slavic tribes continued to raid independently, sometime coordinating attacks as allies of the Avars. Others still spilled into Imperial lands as they fled from the Avars. The Avars and their Slavic allies tended to focus on the western Balkans, whilst independent Slavic tribes predominated in the east. Following the unsuccessful siege of Constantinople in 626, the Avars' reputation diminished, and the confederacy was troubled by civil wars between the Avars and their Bulgar and Slav clients. Their rule contracted to the region of the Carpathian basin. Archaeological evidence show that there was intermixing of Slavic, Avar and even Gepid cultures, suggesting that the later "Avars" were an amalgamation of different peoples. The Avar Khanate finally collapsed after ongoing defeats at the hands of Franks, Bulgars and Slavs (c. 810), and the Avars ceased to exist. What remained of the Avars was absorbed by the Slavs and Bulgars.
In "De Administrando Imperio", Byzantine emperor Constantine Porphyrogenitus mentions the White Croatia (originally Βελοχρωβάτοι i Χρωβάτοι) as the place from which, in the 7th century, part of Croatian tribes started their journey to Balkans (more specific, today's Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina) after they were invited there by the Byzantine Empire (emperor Flavius Heraclius Augustus) to protect its borders.The earliest Croatian state was the Principality of Dalmatia. Prince Trpimir of Dalmatia was called Duke of Croats in 852. In 925 Croatian Duke of Dalmatia Tomislav of Trpimir united all Croats and elevated Croatia into kingdom. He organized a state by annexing the Principality of Pannonia as well as maintaining close ties with Pagania and Zahumlje.
By 700 AD, Slavs had settled in most of the Balkans, from Austria to the Peloponnese, and from the Adriatic to the Black seas, with the exception of the coastal areas and certain mountainous regions of the Greek peninsula. The settlement pattern was far from uniform however, with major routes (such as the Morava valley) experiencing greater settlement. Far fewer numbers of Slavs appear to have settled in those parts of Greece where Slavs did settle, and in remote mountainous regions such as Bosnia and Montenegro. However, archaeological traces of Slavic penetration into the Balkans is scant, especially in the period prior to the 8th century. This has led scholars to cast doubt on the accuracy of the historical sources, often describing large scale settlements by the Slavs throughout the Balkans, including southern Greece.
Interaction with the Balkan population.
Prior to the advent of Roman rule, a number of native or autochthonous populations had lived in the Balkans since ancient times. South of the Jireček line were the Greeks. To the north, there were Illyrians in the western portion (Illyricum), Thracians in Thrace (modern Bulgaria and eastern Macedonia), and Dacians in Moesia (northern Bulgaria and northeastern Serbia) and Dacia (modern Romania). They were mainly tribalistic and generally lacked awareness of any greater ethno-political affiliations. Over the classical ages, they were at times invaded, conquered and influenced by Celts, Greeks and Romans. Roman influence, however, was initially limited to cities later concentrated along the Dalmatian coast, later spreading to a few scattered cities inside the Balkan interior particularly along the river Danube (Sirmium, Belgrade, Niš). Roman citizens from throughout the empire settled in these cities and in the adjacent countryside. The vast hinterland was still populated by indigenous peoples who likely retained their own tribalistic character.
Following the fall of Rome and numerous barbarian raids, the population in the Balkans dropped, as did commerce and general standards of living. Many people were killed, or taken prisoner by invaders. This demographic decline was particularly attributed to a drop in the number of indigenous peasants living in rural areas. They were the most vulnerable to raids and were also hardest hit by the financial crises that plagued the falling empire. However, the Balkans were not desolate; considerable numbers of indigenous people simply remained. Only certain areas tended to be affected by the raids (e.g. lands around major land routes, such as the Morava corridor). The pre-Slavic inhabitants sought refuge inside fortified cities and islands, whilst others fled to remote mountains and forests, joining their non-Romanized kin and adopting a transhumant pastoral lifestyle. The larger cities were able to persevere, even flourish, through the hard times. Archaeological evidence suggests that the culture in the cities changed whereby Roman-style forums and large public buildings were abandoned and cities were modified (i.e. built on top of hills or cliff-tops and fortified by walls). The centerpiece of such cities was the church. This transformation from a Roman culture to a Byzantine culture was paralleled by a rise of a new ruling class: the old land-owning aristocracy gave way to rule by military elites and the clergy.
In addition to the autochthons, there were remnants of previous invaders such as "Huns" and various Germanic peoples when the Slavs arrived. Sarmatian tribes (such as the Iazyges) are recorded to have still lived in the Banat region of the Danube.
As the Slavs spread south into the Balkans, they interacted with the numerous peoples and cultures already there. Since their lifestyle revolved around agriculture, they preferentially settled rural lands along the major highway networks which they moved along. Whilst they could not take the larger fortified towns, they looted the countryside and captured many prisoners. In his "Strategikon", Pseudo-Maurice noted that it was commonplace for Slavs to accept newly acquired prisoners into their ranks. Despite Byzantine accounts of "pillaging" and "looting", it is possible that many indigenous peoples voluntarily assimilated with the Slavs. The Slavs lacked an organised, centrally ruled organisation which actually hastened the process of willful Slavicisation. The strongest evidence for such a co-existence is from archaeological remains along the Danube and Dacia known as the "Ipoteşti-Cândeşti culture". Here, the villages dating back to the 6th century represent a continuity with the earlier Slavic "Pen'kovka culture"; modified by admixture with Daco-Getic, Daco-Roman and/or Byzantine elements within the same village. Such interactions awarded the pre-Slavic populace protection within the ranks of a dominant, new tribe. In return, they contributed to the genetic and cultural development the South Slavs. This phenomenon ultimately led to an exchange of various loan-words. For example, the Slavic name for "Greeks", "Grci", is derived from the Latin "Graecus" presumably encountered through the local Romanised populace. Conversely, the Vlachs borrowed many Slavic words, especially pertaining to agricultural terms. Whether any of the original Thracian or Illyrian culture and language remained by the time Slavs arrived is a matter of debate. It is a difficult issue to analyse because of the overriding Greek and Roman influence in the region. However, what is certain is that the Thracian and Illyrian identities disappear from history during this period.
Over time, due to the larger number of Slavs, the descendants most of the indigenous populations of the Balkans were Slavicized, an exception being Greece, where the smaller number Slavs scattered there came to be Hellenized over succeeding centuries (aided in time by more Greeks returning to Greece in the 9th century and the role of the church and administration). The Romance speakers within the fortified Dalmatian cities managed to retain their culture and language for a long time, as Dalmatian Romance was spoken until the high Middle Ages. However, they too were eventually assimilated into the body of Slavs. In contrast, the Romano-Dacians in Wallachia managed to maintain their Latin-based language, despite much Slavic influence. After centuries of peaceful co-existence, the groups fused to form the Romanians.
Relationship with Byzantium.
Byzantine literary accounts (i.e. John of Ephesus, etc.) mention the Slavs raiding areas of Greece during the 580s. According to later sources such as "The Miracles of Saint Demetrius", the Drougoubitai, Sagoudatai, Belegezitai, Baiounetai, and Berzetai laid siege to Thessaloniki in 614-616. However, this particular event was in actuality of local significance. A combined effort of the Avars and Slavs two years later also failed to take the city. In 626, a combined Avar, Bulgar and Slav army besieged Constantinople. The siege was broken, which had repercussions upon the power and prestige of the Avar khanate. Slavic pressure on Thessaloniki ebbed after 617/618, until the Siege of Thessalonica (676–678) by a coalition of Rynchinoi, Sagoudatai, Drougoubitai and Stroumanoi attacked. This time, the Belegezites also known as the Velegeziti did not participate and in fact supplied the besieged citizens of Thessaloniki with grain.
A number of medieval sources attest to the presence of Slavs in Greece. While en route to the Holy Land in 732, Willibald "reached the city of Monemvasia, in the land of Slavinia". This particular passage from the "Vita Willibaldi" is interpreted as an indication of a Slavic presence in the hinterland of the Peloponnese. In reference to the plague of 744-747, Constantine VII wrote during the 10th century that "the entire country the Peloponnese was Slavonized". Another source for the period, the Chronicle of Monemvasia speaks of Slavs overrunning the western Peloponnese, but of the eastern Peloponnese, together with Athens, remaining in Byzantine hands throughout this period. However, such sources are far from ideal, and their reliability is debated. For example, while the Byzantinist Peter Charanis believes the Chronicle of Monemvasia to be a reliable account, other scholars point out that it greatly overstates the impact of the Slavic and Avar raids of Greece during this time.
Max Vasmer, a prominent linguist and Indo-Europeanist, complements late medieval historical accounts by listing 429 Slavic toponyms from the Peloponnese alone. To what extent the presence of these toponyms reflects compact Slavic settlement is a matter of some debate, and might represent an accumulative strata of toponyms rather than beingattributed to the earliest settlement phase
Though medieval chroniclers attest to Slavic "hordes" occupying Byzantine territories, archaeological evidence of actual Slavic presence and its dating is today debated. Florin Curta points out that evidence of substantial Slavic presence does not appear before the 7th century and remains qualitatively different from the "Slavic culture" found north of the Danube. Some authors point to the rapid adoption of local Balkanic cultures by early Slav-speaking groups in specific areas such as Dalmatia. There, investigations of burial graves and cemetery types indicate an uninterrupted continuity of traditions from late antiquity, reflecting a contiguous demographic spread that chronologically matches with the arrival of Slavic-speaking groups. Furthermore, when medieval sources speak of places "going to the Slavs", this could primarily mean that Byzantine authority disappeared, not that these regions had witnessed large-scalemigration; doubtless many local people simply governed themselves. Indeed, in the wake of Roman collapse, communities in the Balkan interior and hinterland essentially "became Slavs" by creating new identities and adopting a new language, oriented toward east-central Europe rather than the Graeco-Mediterranean world. As Timothy Gregory surmises:
Relations between the Slavs and Greeks were probably peaceful apart from the (supposed) initial settlement and intermittent uprisings. Being agriculturalists, the Slavs probably traded with the Greeks inside towns. Furthermore, the Slavs surely did not occupy the whole interior or eliminate the Greek population; some Greek villages continued to exist in the interior, probably governing themselves, possibly paying tribute to the Slavs. Some villages were probably mixed, and quite possibly some degree of Hellenization of the Slavs by the Greeks of the Peloponnese had already begun during this period, before re-Hellenization was completed by the Byzantine emperors.
When the Byzantines were not fighting in their eastern territories, they were able to slowly regain imperial control. This was achieved through its theme system, referring to an administrative province on which an army corps was centered, under the control of a "strategos" ("general"). The theme system first appeared in the early 7th century, during the reign of the Emperor Heraclius, and as the Byzantine Empire recovered, it was imposed on all areas that came under Byzantine control. The first Balkan theme created was that in Thrace, in 680 AD. By 695, a second theme, that of "Hellas" (or "Helladikoi"), was established, probably in eastern central Greece. Subduing the Slavs in these themes was simply a matter of accommodating the needs of the Slavic elites and providing them with incentives for their inclusion into the imperial administration.
It was not until 100 years later that a third theme would be established. In 782-784, the eunuch general Staurakios campaigned from Thessaloniki, south to Thessaly and into the Peloponnese. He captured many Slavs and transferred them elsewhere, mostly Anatolia (these Slavs were dubbed "Slavesians"). However it is not known whether any territory was restored to imperial authority as result of this campaign, though it is likely some was. Sometime between 790 and 802, the theme of Macedonia was created, centered on Adrianople (i.e. east of the actual geographic entity). A serious and successful recovery began under Nicephorus I (802-811). In 805, the theme of the Peloponnese was created. According to the Chronicle of Monemvasia in 805 the Byzantine governor of Corinth went to war with the Slavs, obliterated them, and allowed the original inhabitants to claim their own; the city of Patras was recovered and the region re-settled with Greeks. In the 9th century, new themes continued to arise, although many were small and were carved out of original, larger themes. New themes in the 9th century included those of Thessalonica, Dyrrhachium, Strymon, and Nicopolis. From these themes, Byzantine laws and culture flowed into the interior. By the end of the 9th century most of Greece was culturally and administratively Greek again, with the exception of a few small Slavic tribes in the mountains such as the Melingoi and Ezeritai. Although they were to remain relatively autonomous until Ottoman times, such tribes were the exception rather than the rule.
Apart from military expeditions against Slavs, the re-Hellenization process begun under Nicephorus I involved (often forcible) transfer of peoples. Many Slavs were moved to other parts of the empire, such as Anatolia and made to serve in the military. In return, many Greeks from Sicily and Asia Minor were brought to the interior of Greece, to increase the number of defenders at the Emperor's disposal and dilute the concentration of Slavs. Even non-Greeks were transferred to the Balkans, such as Armenians. As more of the peripheral territories of the Byzantine Empire were lost in the following centuries, e.g. Sicily, southern Italy and Asia Minor, their Greek-speakers made their own way back to Greece. That the re-Hellenization of Greece through population transfers and cultural activities of the Church was successful suggests Slavs found themselves in the midst of many Greeks. It is doubtful that such large number could have been transplanted into Greece in the 9th century; thus there surely had been many Greeks remaining in Greece and continuing to speak Greek throughout the period of Slavic occupation. The success of re-Hellenization also suggests the number of Slavs in Greece was far smaller than the numbers found in the former Yugoslavia and Bulgaria. For example, Bulgaria could not be Hellenized when Byzantine administration was established over the Bulgarians in 1018 to last for well over a century, until 1186.
Eventually, the Byzantines recovered the imperial border north all the way to today's region of Macedonia (which would serve as the northern border of the Byzantine Empire until 1018), although independent Slavic villages remained. As the Slavs supposedly occupied the entire Balkan interior, Constantinople was effectively cut off from the Dalmatian cities under its (nominal) control. Thus Dalmatia came to have closer ties with the Italian Peninsula, because of ability to maintain contact by sea (however, this too, was troubled by Slavic pirates). Additionally, Constantinople was cut off from Rome, which contributed to the growing cultural and political separation between the two centers of European Christendom.
Control of the Slavic tribes was nominal, as they retained their own culture and language. However, the Slavic tribes of Macedonia never formed their own empire or state, and the area often switched between Greek (Byzantine), Bulgarian, Serbian and temporarily even Norman control. The Byzantines were unable to completely Hellenize Macedonia because their progress north was blocked by the Bulgarian Empire, and later by the Serbian Kingdom, which were both Slavic states. However, Byzantine culture nonetheless flowed further north, seen to this day as Bulgaria, the Republic of Macedonia, and Serbia are part of the Orthodox world. Even in Dalmatia, where Byzantine influence was supplanted by Venice and Rome, the influence of Byzantine culture persists.
Slavic states.
Carantania.
By the end of 7th century, the Slavs occupied most parts of the Balkans. When they had been defeated by the Langobards at Lauriana, in 720, their attempts to penetrate westward into what is now Italian Friuli ended. In 623, unified Slav tribes rebelled against Avars who were weakened by defeat at Constantinople, under the rule of the first historically known Slavic polity - "Samo's Tribal Union". After Samo's death the smaller principality Carantania with Slavs and other inhabitants lost its independence and became part of the semifeudal Frankish Empire due to the pressing danger posed by Avar tribes from the east.
Bosnia.
Modern knowledge of the political situation in Western Balkans during the Early Middle Ages is unclear. Upon their arrival, the Slavs brought with them a tribal social structure which probably fell apart and gave way to feudalism only with Frankish penetration into the region in the late 9th century. It was also around this time that the Slavs were Christianized. Bosnia and Herzegovina, because of its geographic position and terrain, was probably one of the last areas to go through this process, which presumably originated from the urban centers along the Dalmatian coast.
The High Middle Ages political circumstance led to the area of Bosnia being contested between the Kingdom of Hungary and the Byzantine Empire. Following another shift of power between the two in the early 12th century, Bosnia found itself outside the control of both and emerged as an independent state under the rule of local bans.
Kulin, though a nominal vassal of Hungary, was the first Bosnian ruler who was de facto sovereign. Kulin's rule was marked the start of a controversy with the Bosnian Church, an indigenous Bogomilist sect considered heretical by the Roman Catholic and Serbian Orthodox Church, which he allowed access in the country. In response to Hungarian attempts to use church politics regarding the issue as a way to reclaim sovereignty over Bosnia, Kulin held a council of local church leaders to renounce the heresy and embraced Catholicism in 1203. Despite this, Hungarian ambitions remained unchanged long after Kulin's death in 1204, waning only after an unsuccessful invasion in 1254.
Bosnian history from then until the early 14th century was marked by the power struggle between the Šubić and Kotromanić families. This conflict came to an end in 1322, when Stephen II Kotromanić became Ban. By the time of his death in 1353, he was successful in annexing territories to the north and west, as well as Zahumlje and parts of Dalmatia. He was succeeded by his nephew Tvrtko who, following a prolonged struggle with nobility and inter-family strife, gained full control of the country in 1367. On 26 October 1377 Tvrtko I of Bosnia crowned himself King of "Serbia, Bosnia, Pomorje, and the Western lands". Based on archaeological evidence, he was crowned in the in Mile near Visoko in the church which was built in the time of Stephen II Kotromanić's reign, where he was also buried alongside his uncle Stjepan II. Following his death in 1391 however, Bosnia fell into a long period of decline. The Ottoman Empire had already started its conquest of Europe and posed a major threat to the Balkans throughout the first half of the 15th century. Finally, after decades of political and social instability, the Kingdom of Bosnia ceased to exist in 1463.
Bulgaria.
Following the collapse of Old Great Bulgaria, Asparukh's Bulgars arrived in Scythia Minor in 680 and allied with the local Slavic population to form Bulgaria. The Slavs accepted as their rulers the Bulgar Khans but retained significant autonomy. Both peoples had to protect the country from the Byzantines to the south and the Avar Khanate to the north-west. The Byzantines were aware of this new threat but were completely defeated in the Battle of Ongal and in 681 officially recognized Bulgaria as a sovereign country, known nowadays as the First Bulgarian Empire. By the mid 9th century Bulgaria expanded into much of the Slavic-populated areas of the Balkan peninsula in Thrace, Moesia, Macedonia and Dacia. Khan Omurtag (814-831) made an administrative reform which aimed the centralization of the country and deprived the Slavs of their autonomy. As a result some Slavic tribes to the north-west rebelled but they were quickly subjugated.
Following the Christianization of Bulgaria and the creation of the Glagolitic and Cyrillic alphabets and the formation of a literary Bulgarian language, the Bulgars and Slavs finally merged into the Bulgarian people. In 927 the Byzantines also had to recognize the Imperial title of the Bulgarian rulers (in Bulgarian "цар" - Tsar) and the Bulgarian Patriarchate. Bulgaria became the cultural center of the Slavic Orthodox world in the 9th and 10th centuries. Following the destruction of the First Bulgarian Empire by the Byzantine Emperor Basil II in 1018, Bulgaria came under Byzantine rule in 1018. The Second Bulgarian Empire secured its independence from Byzantium in 1185, lasting until 1396 when it was conquered by the Ottomans.
Croatia.
In the western Balkans, the tribal configurations of the 7th century eventually formed a basis for early statelets, no doubt influenced by Feudalism from the west. The Slavs in northern Pannonia (north of the Drava) were included in the Balaton Principality, given by the Franks to an exiled Prince from Nitra, whereas those south of the Drava were part of 'Savia', a territory we know little about. The Franks and Bulgars fought for control over it initially, later becoming an area of conflict between Hungary and Croatia. The Croats were Frankish vassals until they successfully rebelled during the 850s, forming the Principality of the Croats in northern Dalmatia.
Serbia.
Archaeological evidence suggests that Serbs were part of the 5-6th-centuries wave of Slavs. According to Byzantine sources, White Serbs settled lands of present-day Serbia, Montenegro, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina during the rule of Emperor Heraclius (610-641). The Serbs became "foederati" to the Byzantines and held the frontiers as vassalage (initially Sclaviniae, later Župas), subsequently receiving greater autonomy with Višeslav I (fl. 768-814) and full independence with Vlastimir (836-850). Serbia was a Byzantine ally throughout most of the Middle Ages and secured its independence with great diplomacy with Byzantium. In the 14th century, the Serbian state under Stefan Dušan rose to prominence in the southern Balkans, becoming the Serbian Empire. It declined following the Battle of Kosovo Field in 1389 against the Ottomans.
Ottoman period.
So long as the non-Slavic Byzantine Empire was strong it served as an effective buffer to Ottoman incursions into southeastern Europe and in turn the lands of the South Slavs. Eventually its power waned in the face of conquests by other powers, and the rising Turkish Empire found one weakness after another in southeastern Europe.
The Ottomans captured Thessaloniki from the Venetians in 1387. The Ottoman victory at Kosovo in 1389 effectively marked the end of Serbian power in the region, making possible the Ottoman expansion into Europe. Stefan Lazarević of Serbia became a vassal of the Ottoman Empire. The Battle of Nicopolis in 1396, widely regarded as the last large-scale crusade of the Middle Ages, failed to stop the advance of the victorious Ottoman Turks and put an end to the Second Bulgarian Empire.
South Slavic peoples.
South Slavs are divided along linguistic lines into two groups — eastern and western.
List of the South Slavic peoples and ethnic groups, including population estimation figures (2001):
All together: about 40 million including other minor groups
Countries.
There are seven countries in which South Slavs are the main population:
In addition, there are local South Slavic minorities in non-Slavic neighbouring countries such as:
Regional groups and other subdivisions.
Please note that some of the subdivisions remain debatable, particularly for smaller groups and national minorities in former Yugoslavia.
Besides ethnic groups, South Slavs often identify themselves with the geographical region in which they live. Some of the major regional South Slavic groups include: Zagorci, Istrani, Dalmatinci, Slavonci, Bosanci, Hercegovci, Posavljaci, Krajišnici, Semberci, Srbijanci, Šumadinci, Mačvani, Moravci, Vojvođani, Sremci, Bačvani, Banaćani, Sandžaklije, Kosovci, Brđani, Bokelji, Zećani, Torlatsi, Shopi, Pelagonci, Tikvešjani, Trakiytsi, Dobrudzhantsi, Balkandzhii, Aegean Macedonians, Mijaks, Mariovans, Miziytsi, Pirintsi, Rodoptsi, Bessarabians, Carinthians, Styrians, Carniolans, Prekmurians, Venetians, Palćene, Burgenlanders, Janjevci, Molisans, Krashovans, Šokci, Resians, and many others.
Religion.
The religious and cultural diversity of the region the South Slavs inhabit has had a considerable influence on their religion. Originally a polytheistic pagan people, the South Slavs have also preserved many of their ancient rituals and traditional folklore, often intermixing and combining it with the religion they later converted to.
Today, the majority of South Slavs are Orthodox Christians- the most Bulgarians, Macedonians, Serbs and Montenegrins, whilst most Slovenes and Croats are Roman Catholics. Bosniaks, other minor ethnic groups (Gorani, Muslims by nationality) and sub-groups (Torbesh and Pomaks) are Muslims. Some South Slavs are atheist, agnostic and/or non-religious.
South Slavic ethnic groups by religion:
Language.
South Slavic standard languages are:
In addition, there are also other South Slavic languages which do not constitute official status in any republic, but have recognised standard formats and are widely used by their speakers. The most common of these is Bunjevac. In addition, the Šokac language was formerly listed in the census conducted during the Austro-Hungarian administration. Today, Montenegrin is also in the accelerated process of being codified in Montenegro. It is slowly being revised, embracing local speech, following the lines taken for Bosnian following the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina from Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
The division of standard languages is orthogonal to the division based on genetic-dialectological criteria. Naming local dialects is made difficult by the fact that Slovenes from Austria and Italy are linked with their most remote South Slavic peoples - the Pomaks and Bulgarians of European Turkey - by a historical dialect continuum. In the 9th century all Slavic dialects formed one dialect continuum, which was subsequently broken after the arrival of Magyars in the area of middle Danube; the subsequent spread of the Germanic, Greek and Romance speakers separated the South Slavic group from West and East Slavic groups leaving it roughly its present-day areal distribution.
Furthermore, as a result of migrations caused by the invasion of Ottoman Turks, dialect continuum was broken in numerous places especially in the so-called "Central South Slavic" area, where some Slavic dialects like Čakavian and Kajkavian were suppressed at the expense of Štokavian, and some "transitional" dialects like Torlakian, originally belonging to West South Slavic group, but having experienced numerous shared innovations with Bularo-Macedonian dialects belonging to East South Slavic.
Major Slavic dialectal groupings are
The dialects are often further subclassified on arbitrary isoglosses, such as the reflex of Common Slavic yat phoneme which had various reflexes in various Slavic dialects. Yat reflex is noted as a major distinction between Serbian and Croatian - while the former has two distinct variants, based on so-called Ekavian /e/ and Ijekavian reflexes, the standard Croatian is based exclusively on the Ijekavian reflex .
Genetics.
"Molecular anthropology" can reveal patterns of prehistoric demographic expansions in addition to analysing the “genetic relatedness” between extant population groups.
Genetic Structuring and Population Affinities.
Various methods have been employed for this and consequently produced slightly different results
Early Studies.
The earliest studies looked at 'classical markers', i.e. protein and blood group polymorphisms. Such work, e.g. that of Luca Cavali-Sforza and his team, showed that Europeans might cluster into several groups: (1) "Germanic" (Germans, Austrians) (2) "Scandinavian" (Swedes, Norwegians) (3) "Celtic" (Irish, Scottish) (4) south-western European (Spanish, French, Italian) (4) eastern European (Russian, Hungarian, Ukrainian). The analyses found that Yugoslavs did not group into any of the above clusters, but formed a group of their own; a result he attributed to their internal heterogeneity. Bulgarians were not tested in his study.
Y-DNA.
Aggregated results of Y-DNA (e.g. by way of Principal Component Analysis (PCA)) have tended to show that most southern Slavs (i.e. Serbians, Macedonians, Montenegrins, Bosnians, Bulgarians, and some Croats) cluster tightly together (characterised by high frequencies of Hg E1b and I2). Western Croats and Slovenians are usually not within this tight South Slavic cluster (due to low E1b levels and comparatively higher R1a and R1b). Non-Slavic Romanians also cluster with the South Slavic group in the Bosch study.
mtDNA.
In comparison mtDNA haplogroups show far more uniform frequency distributions throughout Europe. For example, a study by Bosch "et al." [http://www.carswell.com.au/wp-content/documents/homogenous-balkan-analysis.pdf] showed that mtDNA samples from all southern Slavs as well as Romanians, Albanians and Greeks, clustered together, and separately from those of Turkish groups. Nevertheless, higher resolution studies have detected that South Slavs can be differentiated from other southern Europeans, including Albanian, Greek and Italian neighbours. Even individual South Slavic groups have revealed distinctive combinations of mtDNA subclusters and sequence types.
Autosomal DNA.
Whilst useful in postulating population migrations and expansions, mtDNA and Y-DNA do not demonstrate the totality of "genetic make-up", but rather a very small portion of it, namely, a single line of patrilineage (Y-DNA) and matrilineage (mtDNA).Moreoever, given its propensity to drift, population expansions in more recent prehistory can completely overwrite previous patterns. However, the majority of genetic history lies in the thousands of "classical markers" (blood group systems, protein polymorphisms), as well as non-coding single nucleotide polymorphism and STR sequences in autosomal DNA (atDNA), which is representative of the one's entire ancestry [http://www.dnainheritance.kahikatea.net/autosomal.html. Several loci, such as the β-globin gene, have been dated to 800, 000 years ago. By contrast, the coalescence time of all mtDNA and Y-DNA haplogroups reaches back to a maximum of 200, 000 years
Most of the larger sequences in atDNA undergo recombination, thus direct information about ancestral inheritance is difficult to ascertain. However, inferences on the overall genetic substructure and relatedness between populations is best achieved by analysing the hundreds of thousands of loci within atDNA. These studies have consistently shown that:

</doc>
<doc id="2843456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843456" title="Leadtek">
Leadtek

Leadtek Research, Inc. is a Taiwanese company, founded in 1986, which focuses on research and development that is specialized in the design and manufacture of graphics cards.
Products.
Products in Leadtek's "Computer Group" include the WinFast Series 3D graphics accelerators (of the NVIDIA GeForce line, mainstream and workstation-class), motherboards and multimedia cards. Products in its "Communications Group" include video telephony, surveillance and GPS solutions.
History.
Leadtek GPS Team.
It has been the pioneer of the GPS products since 1997, one of Taiwan’s earliest. The unit includes 120 people: one half is R&D-engineers. Now, it is recognized as one of world’s largest Value-Added Manufacturers(VAM) for GPS solutions.
Currently, Leadtek GPS products include Pocket PC GPS Accessories, Personal/ Vehicle Tracking solutions, PNDs, GPS System products with multimedia and communications capabilities, and GPS modules.

</doc>
<doc id="2843468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843468" title="Papal fanon">
Papal fanon

The fanon (old Germanic for cloth) is a vestment that around the 10th or 12th century became reserved for the Pope alone and for use only during a pontifical Mass.
Description and use.
It consists of a doubled shoulder-cape (somewhat like a mozzetta) of white silk ornamented with narrow woven golden stripes, so that the colors alternate white and gold. The first layer of the fanon is placed under the stole and the second over the chasuble, under the white pallium. The two pieces of the fanon are nearly circular in shape but somewhat unequal in size and the smaller is laid over and fastened to the larger one. To allow the head to pass through, there is a round opening in the middle with a vertical slit running down the neckline at the back. The front part of the fanon is ornamented with a small cross embroidered in gold.
The fanon is similar to an amice; it is, however, put on not under the alb, but above it. Previously, the pope wore it only when celebrating a solemn pontifical Mass, that is, only when all the pontifical vestments were used. The manner of putting on the fanon recalled the method of assuming the amice universal in the Middle Ages and that continued to be observed by some of the older religious orders. After the deacon vests the pope with the usual amice, alb, the cingulum and sub-cinctorium, and the pectoral cross, he places the fanon on the pope by means of the opening (with the embroidered cross in front), and then pulls the back half of the upper piece over the pope's head. Then he vests the pope with the stole, tunicle, dalmatic, and chasuble, after which he turns down that part of the fanon which had been placed over the head of the pope, draws the front half of the upper piece up from under the chasuble, and finally arranges the whole upper piece of the fanon so that it covers the shoulders of the pope like a collar. The pallium is placed over the fanon.
Use.
The fanon was regularly used until the Second Vatican Council but then fell into disuse. On 21 October 2012, during a canonisation Mass, and again on 25 December 2012, and 6 January 2013, Pope Benedict XVI wore the fanon.
History.
The fanon was mentioned in the oldest known Roman Ordinal, consequently its use in the eighth century can be proved. It was then called "anabolagium" ("anagolagium"), and was not yet at that period a vestment reserved for the use of the pope. This limitation of its use did not appear until the other ecclesiastics at Rome began to put the vestment on under the alb instead of over it, that is, when it became customary among the clergy to use the fanon as an ordinary amice. This happened, apparently in imitation of the usage outside of Rome, between the tenth and twelfth centuries; however, the exact date cannot be given. 
But it is certain that as early as the end of the twelfth century the fanon was worn solely by the pope, as is evident from the express statement of Innocent III (1198–1216). The vestment was then called an "orale"; the name of fanon, from the late Latin "fano", derived from "pannus" ("penos"), cloth, woven fabric, was not used until a subsequent age. Even as early as the eighth century the pope wore the fanon only at solemn high Mass. The usage according to which the pope was vested, in addition to the fanon, with an amice under the alb, did not appear, at the earliest, until the close of the Middle Ages. 
As to the form of the fanon and the material from which it was made in early times, no positive information exists. Late in the Middle Ages it was made of white silk, as is shown by the inventory of the year 1295 of the papal treasure, as well as by numerous works of art; the favourite ornamentation was one of narrow stripes of gold and of some colour, especially red, woven into the silk. Up into the fifteenth century the fanon was square in shape; the later collar-like form seems to have appeared about the sixteenth century or even later.

</doc>
<doc id="2843479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843479" title="Atoms in molecules">
Atoms in molecules

The Quantum Theory of Atoms in Molecules (QTAIM) is a model of molecular and condensed matter electronic systems (such as crystals) in which the principal objects of molecular structure - atoms and bonds - are natural expressions of a system's observable electron density distribution function. An electron density distribution of a molecule is a probability distribution that describes the average manner in which the electronic charge is distributed throughout real space in the attractive field exerted by the nuclei. According to QTAIM, molecular structure is revealed by the stationary points of the electron density together with the gradient paths of the electron density that originate and terminate at these points. QTAIM was primarily developed by Professor Richard Bader and his research group at McMaster University over the course of decades, beginning with analyses of theoretically calculated electron densities of simple molecules in the early 1960s and culminating with analyses of both theoretically and experimentally measured electron densities of crystals in the 90s. The development of QTAIM was driven by the assumption that, since the concepts of atoms and bonds have been and continue to be so ubiquitously useful in interpreting, classifying, predicting and communicating chemistry, they should have a well-defined physical basis.
QTAIM recovers the central operational concepts of the molecular structure hypothesis, that of a functional grouping of atoms with an additive and characteristic set of properties, together with a definition of the bonds that link the atoms and impart the structure. QTAIM defines chemical bonding and structure of a chemical system based on the topology of the electron density. In addition to bonding, AIM allows the calculation of certain physical properties on a per-atom basis, by dividing space up into atomic volumes containing exactly one nucleus, which acts as a local attractor of the electron density. In QTAIM an atom is defined as a "proper open system", i.e. a system that can share energy and electron density, which is localized in the 3D space. The mathematical study of these features is usually referred in the literature as charge density "topology". 
QTAIM rests on the fact that the dominant topological property of the vast majority of electron density distributions is the presence of strong maxima that occur exclusively at the nuclei, certain pairs of which are linked together by ridges of electron density. In terms of an electron density distribution's gradient vector field, this corresponds to a complete, non-overlapping partitioning of a molecule into three-dimensional basins (atoms) that are linked together by shared two-dimensional
separatrices (interatomic surfaces). Within each interatomic surface, the electron density is a maximum at the corresponding internuclear saddle point, which also lies at the minimum of the ridge between corresponding pair of nuclei, the ridge being defined by the pair of gradient trajectories (bond path) originating at the saddle point and terminating at the nuclei. Because QTAIM atoms are always bounded by surfaces having zero flux in the gradient vector field of the electron
density, they have some unique quantum mechanical properties compared to other subsystem definitions, including unique electronic kinetic energy, the satisfaction of an electronic virial theorem analogous to the molecular electronic virial theorem and some interesting variational properties.
QTAIM has gradually become a method for addressing possible questions regarding chemical systems, in a variety of situations hardly handled before by any other model or theory in Chemistry
Applications.
QTAIM is applied to the description of certain organic crystals with unusually short distances between neighboring molecules as observed by X-ray diffraction. For example in the crystal structure of molecular chlorine the experimental Cl...Cl distance between two molecules is 327 picometres which is less than the sum of the van der Waals radii of 350 picometres. In one QTAIM result 12 bond paths start from each chlorine atom to other chlorine atoms including the other chlorine atom in the molecule. The theory also aims to explain the metallic properties of metallic hydrogen in much the same way.
The theory is also applied to so-called hydrogen-hydrogen bonds as they occur in molecules such as phenanthrene and chrysene. In these compounds the distance between two ortho hydrogen atoms again is shorter than their van der Waals radii and according to in silico experiments based on this theory, a bond path is identified between them. Both hydrogen atoms have identical electron density and are closed shell and therefore they are very different from the so-called dihydrogen bonds which are postulated for compounds such as (CH3)2NHBH3 and also different from so-called agostic interactions.
In mainstream chemistry close proximity of two nonbonding atoms leads to destabilizing steric repulsion but in QTAIM the observed hydrogen hydrogen interactions are in fact stabilizing. It is well known that both kinked phenanthrene and chrysene are around 6 kcal/mol (25 kJ/mol) more stable than their linear isomers anthracene and tetracene. One traditional explanation is given by Clar's rule. QTAIM shows that a calculated stabilization for phenanthrene by 8 kcal/mol (33 kJ/mol) is the result of destabilization of the compound by 8 kcal/mol (33 kJ/mol) originating from electron transfer from carbon to hydrogen, offset by 12.1 kcal (51 kJ/mol) of stabilization due to a H..H bond path. The electron density at the critical point between the two hydrogen atoms is low, 0.012 e for phenanthrene. Another property of the bond path is its curvature. 
Another molecule studied in QTAIM is biphenyl. Its two phenyl rings are oriented at a 38° angle with respect to each other with the planar molecular geometry (encountered in a rotation around the central C-C bond) destabilized by 2.1 kcal/mol (8.8 kJ/mol) and the perpendicular one destabilized by 2.5 kcal/mol (10.5 kJ/mol). The classic explanations for this rotation barrier are steric repulsion between the ortho-hydrogen atoms (planar) and breaking of delocalization of pi density over both rings (perpendicular). 
In QTAIM the energy increase on decreasing the dihedral angle from 38° to 0° is a summation of several factors. Destabilizing factors are the increase in bond length between the connecting carbon atoms (because they have to accommodate the approaching hydrogen atoms) and transfer of electronic charge from carbon to hydrogen. Stabilizing factors are increased delocalization of pi-electrons from one ring to the other and the one that tips the balance is a hydrogen - hydrogen bond between the ortho hydrogens. 
The hydrogen bond is not without its critics. According to one the relative stability of phenanthrene compared to its isomers can be adequately explained by comparing resonance stabilizations. Another critic argues that the stability of phenanthrene can be attributed to more effective pi-pi overlap in the central double bond; the existence of bond paths are not questioned but the stabilizing energy derived from it is

</doc>
<doc id="2843484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843484" title="1965 in Australia">
1965 in Australia

"See also:" 
1964 in Australia, 
other events of 1965, 
1966 in Australia and the 
Timeline of Australian history.
Sport.
Light Fingers won the Melbourne Cup.
Cricket: Australia lose a five test series away to the West Indies 2-1. The West Indies side includes greats such as Garry Sobers and Rohan Kanhai, while Australia featured opening batsmen Bill Lawry and Bobbie Simpson.
Cricinfo series page
Rugby League: 1965 NSWRFL season St George wins the tenth of a record eleven consecutive premierships in the NSWRL. They were not to win again until 1977, then in 1979 which is their last premiership as at January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2843487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843487" title="Victor Riesel">
Victor Riesel

Victor Riesel (; March 26, 1913 – January 4, 1995) was an American newspaper journalist and columnist who specialized in news related to labor unions. At the height of his career, his column on labor union issues was syndicated to 356 newspapers in the United States. In an incident which made national headlines for almost a year, a gangster threw sulfuric acid in his face on a public street in New York City on April 5, 1956, causing his permanent blindness.
Early life.
Riesel was born on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in New York City to Nathan and Sophie Riesel. The family lived in a cold water flat near the elevated tracks of the subway. The Riesels were Jewish, and their neighbors were primarily Jewish and Italian American. Victor's father, Nathan, had helped organize the Bonnaz, Singer, and Hand Embroiderers' Union, Local 66, of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union in 1913, and held the Card No. 1 in the local union. In time, Nathan Riesel was appointed a staff member of the union and elected secretary-treasurer and then president of the local union. Victor attended elementary school at (now the Judith K. Weiss School).
When Victor was three years old, his father taught him to make pro-union speeches and would take his son to rallies and union meetings and have the boy recite the speeches for onlookers. Attending union meetings, indoor and outdoor rallies, and standing on street corners promoting the union formed many of Victor Riesel's childhood and teenage memories. In the 1920s and 1930s, Nathan Riesel successfully opposed Communist Party USA attempts to infiltrate activists into the local union and turning its purpose to promotion of the party (a strategy known as "boring from within"). Throughout his childhood and teenage years, he saw his father come home bleeding many times after fistfights with communist activists or gangsters. This conflict left a deep impression on Victor.
The family moved to the Bronx when Riesel was 13 years old. Academically gifted, Victor Riesel graduated from Morris High School at the age of 15. While in high school, Riesel began typing stories about the American labor movement and sending them to English language newspapers around the world, charging $1 for publication rights. He typed the same story over and over (sometimes as many as 15 times) to make it look like an original (his goal being to sell the same story to many newspapers rather than many stories to a single newspaper), and earned a significant income from this work.
He enrolled in City College of New York (CCNY) in 1928, taking classes at night in human resource management and industrial relations. He worked several different jobs to support himself, and found employment in a hat factory, lace plant, steel mill, and saw mill. He was appointed director of undergraduate publications at the college, working as an editor, columnist, and literature and theatre critic. He earned his Bachelor of Business Administration from CCNY in 1940.
During his undergraduate years at CCNY, Riesel began working as a gofer at "The New Leader". After graduation in 1940, he became the magazine's managing editor.
Two additional events in Riesel's life led him to a career as a labor reporter. The first occurred on March 6, 1930, during a visit to his father's union offices. Riesel saw a man weeping on the stairs because he had no job and his family had no food to eat. The second occurred in 1942. Nathan Riesel was now fighting organized crime influence in his union, and despaired of keeping his local out of criminal hands. Nathan Riesel was severely beaten by gangsters in 1942, and died five years later (in part due to the injuries suffered during and surgeries related to this attack).
Riesel married the former Evelyn Lobelson after graduating from college. The couple had a son, Michael, in 1942 and a daughter, Susan, in 1949.
Journalism career.
Victor Riesel's labor journalism career formally began in 1937 when he started writing a regular column on labor union issues.
He was hired by "The New York Post" in 1941. His column became nationally syndicated in 1942. He left the "Post" in 1948 after a change in management, and joined William Randolph Hearst's "New York Daily Mirror". Within eight years, his column was syndicated in 193 newspapers.
His investigation of Communist Party infiltration of the National Maritime Union led Representative Louis B. Heller to introduce legislation in 1951 to investigate the charges. In 1951 and 1952, Riesel provided Senator Pat McCarran with information that led to a Senate investigation into communist influence in the United Public Workers of America. In 1952, he publicly alleged before the Subcommittee on Internal Security (led at the time by Sen. McCarran) that Local 65 of the Distributive, Processing and Office Workers of America was controlled by the Communist Party. The same year, he denounced Genovese crime family boss Anthony "Tough Tony" Anastasio for engaging in labor racketeering. Anastasio sued Riesel for $1 million for libel, but the suit was thrown out of court.
In 1956, Riesel began working with United States Attorney Paul Williams to rein in labor racketeering in the New York City garment and trucking industries.
Acid attack.
The most publicized aspect of Riesel's career was an April 5, 1956, attack in which sulphuric acid was thrown in his face as he was leaving Lindy's (a famous restaurant in Manhattan). Riesel had been reporting on corruption in the International Union of Operating Engineers and its then-President, William C. DeKoning, Jr. He had recently alleged that DeKoning was conspiring with Joseph S. Fay (a convicted labor racketeer and extortionist) to re-establish his father, William C. DeKoning, Sr. (who had recently been freed from prison after serving a sentence for extortion) as president of the union. Although Riesel had received numerous death and other threats over the past few months, he had dismissed them as the work of "cranks."
The attack occurred shortly after a Riesel radio broadcast. Barry Gray, radio station WMCA's overnight talk radio host, had asked Riesel to substitute for him. Riesel invited two IUOE Local 138 leaders who were challenging the DeKonings for control of the local union to join him for the broadcast. The broadcast originated from Hutton's Restaurant at 47th Street and Lexington Avenue shortly after midnight on April 5, and concluded at 2 AM. Afterward, Riesel and his secretary went to Lindy's restaurant, located on Broadway between 49th Street and 50th Street. They had coffee, and departed Lindy's at 3 AM to walk to the secretary's automobile. Riesel removed his eyeglasses, which he did by habit when in public. A slender, black-haired man in blue and white jacket stepped out of the shadows of the entrance to the Mark Hellinger Theatre and threw a vial of sulphuric acid into Riesel's eyes. Riesel shouted, "My gosh! My gosh!", and clutched at his face. While the secretary and others rendered assistance and dragged Riesel into Lindy's, the assailant walked calmly away.
The acid struck Riesel's right eye more than the left. Riesel's eyes were flushed with water inside Lindy's, but patrons stopped administering aid for fear of doing further damage. Riesel was taken to St. Clare's Hospital on East 71st Street, where doctors worked to save his vision. Measures to counteract the acid were not taken until Riesel arrived at St. Clare's, 40 minutes after the attack. On May 4, doctors said that Riesel had completely lost his sight (see the right photograph in the infobox, above). In December 1956, Riesel described the amount of acid as a "deluge" which covered most of his cheeks, eyes, and forehead. Portions of Riesel's face (see right photo, above, compared to left photo, particularly the left cheek, jaw line, and jowls; the eyebrows; and the forehead) were permanently scarred as well. Riesel wore dark glasses for the rest of his life to hide his damaged eyes, which many people found difficult to look at.
The "Daily Mirror" immediately offered a $10,000 reward for information identifying the assailant and leading to his conviction. The Newspaper Guild of New York, New York Press Photographers Association, Overseas Press Club, New York Newspaper Reporters Association, and the Society of Silurians (an organization of veteran New York City journalists) immediately raised the reward to $15,000. By week's end, donations from labor unions, radio station WMCA, and other groups had increased the reward to $41,000.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) identified Abraham Telvi as the assailant in August 1956, but Telvi had been murdered on July 28, 1956, by mobsters for demanding an additional $50,000 on top of the $500 he had already received for the crime. On August 29, 1956, Genovese crime family underboss Johnny Dio was arrested for conspiracy in the Riesel attack, pled not guilty, and was released on $100,000 bond even though prosecutors later publicly linked him to the Telvi murder.
Joseph Carlino, a Dio associate who had hired Telvi to attack Riesel, pled guilty on October 22, and prosecutors severed Dio's trial from the others. Carlino later testified that Dio had ordered Genovese mob associate Gandolfo Miranti to find a hitman and identify Riesel, and that Miranti had contacted Dominick Bando to assist him in finding the hitman (Bando contacting Carlino, who sought out Telvi). Miranti and Bando were then found guilty (Bando pleading guilty at the last moment). Conspiracy charges against Dio were later dropped despite the convictions. Dio's attorney delayed the trial for nearly five months with motions. When the trial finally began, Carlino and Miranti recanted their pre-trial statements and courtroom testimony, claiming they did not know who had ordered the attack on Riesel. By September 1957, the government no longer sought to prosecute Dio for the attack. Miranti received 8 to 16 years in prison and Bando 2 to 5 years in prison for the acid attack and another five years for contempt of court. Carlino received a suspended sentence for cooperating with the prosecution, and three other co-conspirators were freed after the judge in their case declared a mistrial. The "Daily Mirror" paid one witness $5,000 in 1961 for information leading to the identification of Abraham Telvi as the assailant.
The attack on Riesel had significant implications for national American labor policy. President Dwight Eisenhower (who had seen Riesel on "Meet the Press") told AFL-CIO President George Meany that he was so incensed by the attack on Riesel that he intended to introduce legislation designed to root out corruption in labor unions. Clark R. Mollenhoff, editor of the Des Moines Register, was so alarmed by the attack on Riesel that he ordered extensive investigations into trade union corruption. Mollenhoff's investigative efforts unearthed much evidence that Teamsters President Jimmy Hoffa was engaged in labor racketeering. The attack also convinced Robert F. Kennedy, then chief legal counsel for the Senate Committee on Government Operations, to lead an investigation into labor racketeering. Kennedy's investigations (as well as subsequent labor scandals) led to the establishment of the Senate Select Committee on Improper Activities in Labor and Management. This committee's investigations led directly to the passage of the Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act, which imposed financial reporting requirements on labor unions, limited the power of trusteeships, established many member and employer rights, and created additional unfair labor practices governing unions.
The acid attack vastly boosted Riesel's national popularity. He began a regular television program on WRCA-TV, and a regular weekly radio program on WEVD. He continued to write his column, typing it himself while his wife read newspapers and wire service articles to him.
Anti-communist views.
Riesel was a militant anti-communist. Initially, his views focused on both fascism and communism. As early as 1939, he joined John Dewey's newly formed Committee for Cultural Freedom, which was opposed to totalitarianism in all its forms. In 1941, he told the Union for Democratic Action that Rep. Martin Dies, Jr. was intent on establishing a national fascist police force to suppress freedom of speech in the United States.
Riesel's attacks on fascism lessened after World War II, and he focused almost exclusively on communism after 1950. Riesel's attacks on communism extended beyond labor unions. He attacked folk musician Vern Partlow for promoting communism and undermining American national security with his 1945 talking blues song "Atomic Talking Blues" (also known as "Talking Atom" and "Old Man Atom"). In 1949, he was named a director of the Committee to Defend America by Aiding Anti-Communist China, a part of the China Lobby. At least one author alleges that Riesel even cooperated with the Central Intelligence Agency beginning in the early 1950s, providing information on liberal politicians and union leaders. In the early 1950s, he supported a movement to stop the importation of goods from the Soviet Union into the United States, and for a time longshoremen on the East Coast refused to unload Soviet ships due to Riesel's campaign. During the height of McCarthyism in the early 1950s, he also became interested in purging homosexuals from federal civil service. He publicly called for a "preventive war" with the Soviet Union in 1951, and demanded that President Harry S. Truman drop the atomic bomb on Russia and China. He strongly criticized Malcolm X for meeting with Shirley Graham Du Bois and Julian Mayfield in the mid-1960s, and accused Malcolm X of fomenting communist conspiracies. In the early 1970s, Riesel became an unofficial advisor to President Richard Nixon. He supported Nixon in his column, discussed labor union issues and outreach to working-class voters with him personally over the phone, and occasionally met with Cabinet members. Even as late as 1973, Riesel was defending COINTELPRO, a series of covert and often illegal projects conducted by the FBI aimed at investigating and disrupting dissident political organizations in the U.S.
Riesel was intimately involved in the Hollywood blacklist of the late 1940s and 1950s. He strongly criticized Samuel Fuller's 1951 Korean War film "The Steel Helmet" for promoting communism and portraying American soldiers as murderers. He also attacked the 1954 pro-union film "Salt of the Earth" as communistic, and implied that the production's on-location proximity to Los Alamos National Laboratory and the Nevada Test Site was a cover for Soviet spying on the American nuclear weapons program. Riesel saw it as his patriotic duty to publicize allegations of communist influence made against actors, directors, producers, and others (especially those claims made by conservative actors Adolphe Menjou and Ward Bond). As the blacklist lifted, Riesel agreed to allow his column to become a means for blacklisted individuals to admit their offenses, denounce communism, and become active in the motion picture industry again. Along with Hedda Hopper and Walter Winchell, he would meet privately with these individuals, assess the sincerity of their penance, and then work with them to help rehabilitate their careers if he believed they were being honest with him. Riesel was considered fair in his assessments.
Later life.
Victor Riesel retired from the "Daily Mirror" in 1963 but continued to publish his syndicated column. Three men who leased coin-operated pool tables to establishments in California sued Riesel for libel in 1965, alleging that his column on racketeering in the vending industry defamed them.
Riesel was elected a director of the Overseas Press Club in 1962, and the organization's president in 1966 (he served a single one-year term).
Riesel retired his column in 1990.
Riesel died of cardiac arrest at his apartment in Manhattan aged 81. His wife, son, and daughter survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="2843490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843490" title="BFG Technologies">
BFG Technologies

BFG Technologies was a privately held U.S.-based supplier of power supplies and video cards based on NVIDIA graphics technology and a manufacturer of high-end gaming/home theater computer systems. BFG Technologies branded products were available in North America and Europe at retailers and e-tailers. The company's main headquarters was located in Lake County, Illinois, near Lake Forest.
Graphics cards.
BFG manufactured graphics cards for mainstream to enthusiast level computers. They were known for their Asylum brand; however, the NVIDIA 5x series of graphics accelerators were the last to use that name. They were best known by computer enthusiasts for the OC (Overclocked) versions of their graphics cards, lifetime warranty and 24/7/365 U.S. based technical support. BFG was among the first graphics card companies to offer cards that were already overclocked from manufacturer recommended speeds. Since then, many other manufacturers have copied BFG's model.
Their most recent flagship graphics cards were the BFG NVIDIA GeForce GTX 285 OCX as an air-cooled solution and the BFG NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 H2OC as a water-cooled solution. While they also manufactured an air-cooled version of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295, it was not overclocked.
On May 21, 2010, John Slevin the chairman of BFG Technologies, announced that they would no longer be developing graphics cards, as it was not profitable for them.
In August 2010, BFG began the process of liquidation, initially only for the GPU business but eventually expanding to include the entire company. As a result of this, BFG ceased to honor RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) requests for warranty service, repair, or replacement, instead returning the product to the customer with a short letter explaining the situation. However, PNY Technologies announced that "PNY has stepped up and will be working to give BFG customers the ability to exchange their video cards for a coupon to purchase a PNY Video card at a discounted price". This exchange program ended on December 31, 2010 and PNY is no longer accepting requests for BFG cards. The BFG brand name of the company was subsequently acquired by Best Data, who also owns the Diamond Multimedia brand.
Desktop Computers.
January 5, 2009, BFG Technologies launched its desktop computer line called Phobos that features a touch panel LCD with performance control, BFG Tech graphic cards, liquid cooling solutions from CoolIT and Intel processors.
Power supplies.
BFG Technologies manufactured a full range of power supply units for ATX compatible PCs. BFG's power supply line up had consisted of 530W, 550W, 600W, 650W, 800W and 1000W in the past, but since was refined to separate categories for separate markets.
The GS Series consisted of the GS-450, GS-550 and GS-650, 450W, 550W and 650W power supplies respectively, and were sold as mainstream units, rated at peak power and at room temperature and were sold almost exclusively at retail stores like Best Buy. The LS Series was BFG Technologies mainstream series, consisting of the LS-450 450W power supply, LS-550 550W power supply and LS-680 680W power supply. These were rated at continuous power and at a more realistic 40 °C. The flagship of BFG Technologies' power supply offerings was the ES Series, which only consisted of one model: The ES-800. This unit was not only rated at continuous and 40 °C, but featured a technology marketed as "Frequency Conversion" which is a term used to define a method of changing the switching frequency of the power supply to coincide with load. This allowed the unit to be as efficient as possible even at very low loads while conventional designs might have been significantly less efficient at loads below 10%. The ES Series was later replaced by the EX-Series; essentially an ES Series with a modular interface for removal of unused cables.
PhysX cards.
BFG Technologies offered a 128mb PPU that uses Ageia's PhysX processing chip and libraries. The card was only available in a PCI version in retail packages.

</doc>
<doc id="2843492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843492" title="Kuleli Military High School">
Kuleli Military High School

Kuleli Military High School is the first military high school in Turkey, located in Çengelköy, Istanbul. It was founded on September 21, 1845, by Ottoman Sultan Abdülmecid I.
History.
Kuleli Military High School was established on September 21, 1845, under the name of "Mekteb-i Fünun-ı Idadiye" at Maçka Barracks, now used by Istanbul Technical University. Due to its renewal, it completed its first year at the “Mizika-i Humayun” and “Çinili Köşk” which was used as “Baltacılar Apartment”. The building was designed by Ottoman Armenian architect Garabet Balyan.
Then after the renewal of “Maçka Barracks”, “Mekteb-i Fünun-ı İdadîye” started its second education year with a ceremony at the presence of Sultan Abdülmecid on October 10, 1846. 
In 1868, all military high schools were decided to be combined. At that time, four military high schools, including Kuleli, were combined under the name of "Umum Mekteb-i İdadî Şahane" and transferred to Galatasaray Barracks. When the combination of military high schools turned out to be a failure, it was decided that the schools should go on their own education system separately. For this reason, “Mekteb-i Fünun-ı İdadîye” and “Deniz İdadîsi” (Naval High School) moved to Kuleli Barracks in 1872. After that time the school came to be known as "Kuleli İdadîsi". 
Because of the war between the Ottoman Empire and Russia in 1877–1878 (Russo-Turkish War), the school was decided to be a hospital. So Kuleli moved to Turkish Military Academy building in Pangaltı. When the war ended, it returned to its building in Çengelköy with "Askeri Tıbbiye İdadisi" (Naval Medical High School)(1879). The hospital on the ridge outside the school was evacuated and given to the Military Medical School because of the over-population in the school. Then the hospital moved to Beylerbeyi. Later, "Askeri Tıbbiye İdadisi" was transferred to Haydarpaşa (1910).
During the Balkan War in 1912–1913 (First Balkan War), Kuleli Barracks was converted into a hospital again. Some of the students were sent to Kandilli High School for Girls at Adile Sultan Palace and some others to the buildings next to Beylerbeyi Palace. At the end of 1913, the school moved back to its own building. During World War I, the school moved to Rum Orphanage on Büyükada for some time. At the end of World War I, the building was abandoned due to the British request in the Armistice of Mudros and allocated to Armenian orphans and immigrants of the Armenian Genocide.
Kuleli İdadîsi first moved to a military camp, consisting of tents only, near Sünnet Bridge in Kağıthane, then one month later to a police station in Maçka. Because of the British interest there, it was transferred to the old Gendarme School near Beylerbeyi Palace (December 26, 1920). Kuleli Barracks was given back to Turkish troops at the end of the Treaty of Lausanne as a result of the great victory in the “Büyük Taarruz" (The Great Offensive) on August 26, 1922. The British evacuated the Kuleli Barracks and thus the school moved to its glorious home after a 3-year period on October 6, 1923. 
The school became a civilian high school by "Tevhid-i Tedrisat" Bill (a law that combined all education) passed in 1924 and renamed as "Kuleli Lisesi" (Kuleli High School). At the end of the same year, it became a military high school again. Also it took its present name in 1925 as "Kuleli Military High School”.
In the Second World War, Kuleli was transferred to Konya in May 1941 according to the mobilization plans. Kuleli Barracks was converted into a 1,000-bed military hospital and the Bosphorus Transportation Command moved there as well. 
After the Second World War, the school moved back to Istanbul on August 18, 1947, and has been in its historical and sacred home ever since. Kuleli Military High School had applied the curriculum of Ministry of National Education for science until 1975–76 academic year. At that date, it started college system and the education period was increased from three years to four years, with the addition of Prep Class.
References.
http://www.todayszaman.com/newsDetail_getNewsById.action;jsessionid=FC38D40E4C02FF93602E7ECA992F5351?newsId=259050

</doc>
<doc id="2843493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843493" title="PyObjC">
PyObjC

PyObjC is a bidirectional bridge between the Python and Objective-C programming languages, allowing programmers to use and extend existing Objective-C libraries, such as Apple's Cocoa framework, using Python.
PyObjC is used to develop OS X applications in pure Python.
There is also limited support for GNUstep, an open source, cross-platform implementation of Cocoa.
For Python Programmers.
The most important usage of PyObjC is enabling programmers to create GUI applications using Cocoa libraries in pure Python. Moreover, as an effect of Objective-C's close relationship with the C programming language (it is a pure superset), developers are also able incorporate any C-based API by wrapping it with an Objective-C wrapper and then using the wrapped code over the PyObjC bridge. Using Objective-C++, the same can be done with C%2B%2B libraries.
For Objective-C Programmers.
Cocoa developers may also benefit, as tasks written in Python generally take fewer lines than the Objective-C equivalent. This can be used to their advantage as it enables faster prototyping.
History.
PyObjC's origins date back to 1996, when Lele Gaifax built the original module in September of that year. Among the credited contributors were Guido van Rossum, creator of the Python programming language.
PyObjC was rewritten in 2002. Notable additions include the ability to directly subclass Objective-C classes from Python and nearly complete support for the Foundation, App Kit and Address Book frameworks.
Later the same year, support was added for non-framework Python builds, as well as subsequent support for the Python distribution included with OS X. Along with these changes came project templates for standalone Cocoa applications for use with Project Builder, the predecessor to the current Apple platform IDE, Xcode.
Apple incorporated PyObjC into OS X in 2007, with the release of Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard.
Messages and Methods.
In Objective-C, objects communicate with each other by sending messages, which is analogous to method calls in other object-oriented languages. When an object receives a message, it looks up the message's name, or selector, and matches it up with a method designated the same selector, which it then invokes.
The syntax for these message expressions is inherited from Smalltalk, and appears as an object, called the receiver, placed to the left of the name of the message, or selector, and both are enclosed within a pair of square brackets (the square bracket syntax is not inherited from Smalltalk). Colons within a selector indicate that it accepts one or more arguments, one for each colon. Intended to improve code readability, colons are placed within the selector such that when the required arguments are in place, the expression's intent is unambiguous:
This is distinct from the syntax used in Python, and in many other languages, where an equivalent expression would read:
Translating Objective-C selectors to Python method names is accomplished by replacing each colon with a single underscore and listing the arguments within a pair of parentheses at the end, as demonstrated above.
Classes.
Objective-C classes are subclassed in the same manner as a normal Python class:

</doc>
<doc id="2843499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843499" title="John McGlennon">
John McGlennon

John J. McGlennon (born July 23, 1949) is an American politician of the Democratic Party, a professor at the College of William and Mary, and a member of the Board of Supervisors of James City County, Virginia. On the Board, he represents the Jamestown District and once served as Chairman of the Board, a rotating position. McGlennon is a native of New York, but has lived in the Commonwealth of Virginia since the 1970s.
McGlennon has been with the College of William and Mary since 1974 and served as the Chairman of the Government Department from 1993-2003. Professor McGlennon received his BA from Fordham University and went on to obtain both his MA and PhD from Johns Hopkins University. He specializes in United States politics with a special focus on the South and Virginia. He has many publications to his credit, including two books: "The Life of the Parties: A Study of Presidential Activists", with Alan Abramowitz and Ronald Rapoport, co-editors, (University of Kentucky Press, 1986) and "Party Activists in Virginia", with Alan Abramowitz and Ronald Rapoport (Institute of Government, University of Virginia, 1981).
Political career.
McGlennon ran for the United States Congress as a Democrat in 1982, almost defeating the Republican incumbent, Herbert Bateman, in a year that was bad for the Republican Party nationally. McGlennon ran again in 1984 against Bateman, but lost by a larger margin. In 1997 he was elected to the James City County Board of Supervisors. Since then he has run two more times, and won at the polls both times (only once did he have an opponent).
Personal life.
McGlennon is married to Terry Lynne Urbanski McGlennon. John and Terry have one dog, Snowy. On numerous occasions Snowy has demonstrated a preference for clear, cool, filtered water over normal tap water—a trait that is highly unusual for West Highland White Terriers.

</doc>
<doc id="2843506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843506" title="Buffalo Silents">
Buffalo Silents

The Buffalo Silents of Buffalo, New York were a 1920s exhibition basketball team whose members were deaf and/or mute. The team barnstormed across Pennsylvania, New York and Ohio, playing teams such as Jim Thorpe and His World-Famous Indians basketball team. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843516" title="Red apple">
Red apple

Red apple may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843546" title="Poon">
Poon

Poon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843559" title="Emergency vehicle lighting">
Emergency vehicle lighting

Emergency vehicle lighting is visual warning lights fitted to a vehicle for use when the driver wishes to convey to other road users the urgency of their journey, to provide additional warning of a hazard when stationary, or in the case of law enforcement as a means of signalling another driver to stop for interaction with an officer. These lights may be dedicated emergency lights, such as a beacon or a light bar, or may be modified stock lighting, such as a wig-wag or hide-away light, and are additional to any standard lighting on the car such as hazard lights. Often, they are used along with a siren (or occasionally sirens) in order to increase their effectiveness. In many jurisdictions, the use of these lights may afford the user specific legal powers, and may place requirements on other road users to behave differently, such as compelling them to pull to the side of the road and yield right of way so the emergency vehicle may proceed through unimpeded.
Laws regarding and restricting the use of these lights vary widely between jurisdictions, and in some areas non-emergency vehicles (e.g. school buses) and semi-emergency vehicles (e.g. tow trucks) may be permitted to use similar lights. These non-and semi-emergency lights are also discussed here. Research into the usefulness and potential dangers of these lights is also presented.
Emergency vehicle lighting is a subtype of emergency vehicle equipment.
Purpose.
Emergency vehicle lighting is generally used to clear the right of way for emergency vehicles, or to warn approaching motorists of potential hazards, such as a vehicle that is stopped or moving slower than the rate of traffic, or a car that has been pulled over. It may also be used to provide specific directions to motorists, such as a command to pull over. Some vehicles incorporate a small arrow board to direct traffic.
The use of emergency beacons is restricted by law in many jurisdictions only for responding to an emergency, initiating a traffic stop, bona fide training exercises, or when a specific hazard exists in the road. Most private security agencies have special permits that allow them to use beacons in specific areas.
Optical types.
The optical and mechanical characteristics of the lights used can have a significant effect on the look of the vehicle and how readily it gains attention in emergencies.
Steady burning.
The simplest form of lighting is a steadily burning lamp. These may be white lights used on scene to enable emergency workers to see what they are doing, or they may be colored lights that advertise the emergency vehicle's presence. In the latter case, steadily burning lights are often used alongside rotating or flashing lights rather than on their own, though historically some emergency vehicles only displayed steadily burning lights. For example, California Vehicle Code Section 25252 states that: "Every authorized emergency vehicle shall be equipped with at least one steady burning red warning lamp visible from at least 1,000 feet to the front of the vehicle"
Rotating light.
These revolving lights may contain a single, stationary bulb around which a curved mirror is spun (or which is attached to a spinning mirror), or a lamp with a Fresnel lens. This creates rotating beam(s) of light, appearing to flash when viewed. Larger rotating lights may contain modular or sealed-beam lamps which rotate as an assembly (commonly 2 or 4 bulbs, but possibly 1 or 3).
To protect the workings of the beacon, a plastic dome often covers the assembly. These domes usually come in solid colors, but in some cases the front and back halves of the dome are different colors. Other beacons use a clear dome with colored lenses on each lamp. Especially in the last case, these rotating beacons are sometimes referred to colloquially as "gumball machines" or sometimes "cherry tops" in the case of red lights.
Rotating lights often use a quartz-halogen or conventional incandescent bulb, though some rotating beacons are now made with LEDs rather than bulbs.
Rotating lights may be used in lightbars as well as in single beacons. In a modern enclosed lightbar, generally 'V'- or diamond-shaped mirrors are provided between the lamps to give the effect of multiple flashing lights.
Strobe lights.
Some emergency lighting is based on strobe lights similar to those used in flash photography. These xenon flash lamps put out a very brief but very bright flash by ionizing and then discharging a large current through the gas. The light produced has a somewhat bluish emission spectrum, which makes red lightbars glow a fuchsia-pink color when lit.
LED lighting.
LED-based lighting is becoming very popular in the emergency services for several reasons. Light-emitting diodes are small, completely solid state, very power-efficient, long-lasting (as they have no filaments to burn out) and can be seen very easily even at great distances and in sunlight.
Whether as lightbars or single beacons, LED-based lights typically use a clear, colorless dome because the light color is an intrinsic property of the LEDs themselves. LED-based lightbars can be made very thin, reducing wind resistance by around 8-10 percent, or made very flat and used in novel applications, for example to flip up under a sun visor.
LED lights are often used in a mode similar to conventional strobe lights, however they can be programmed with a wider variety of flash patterns because of their ability to be switched directly by electronics, as opposed to discharging a capacitor through a gas-filled tube.
LED lights produce relatively little heat when in use. In colder inclement climates, this has resulted in LED emergency vehicle warning lights (as well as traffic lights) being obscured by the buildup of frost or snow, raising safety concerns. Solutions are being researched to provide a heat source, as necessary in certain weather conditions, to keep LED lights clear of snow and frost.
Modification of stock lighting.
The vehicle's stock lighting may also be modified to add flashing and strobe effects. This can be done by adding electronics to the existing lighting system (for instance, to create a wig-wag), or by drilling holes in the reflectors of stock lighting and inserting flashing lights in those holes.
Information matrix signs.
Some emergency vehicles use signs made up of a large number of light sources (usually LEDs), which can be programmed to display messages to other road users. This can be used to request other vehicles to pull over, indicate a special instruction, or just to display the name of the operating service (e.g. 'Police')
Mounting types.
Emergency lighting may be fitted to several places on a vehicle, depending on the degree of conspicuity required. Beacons and lightbars are often mounted on the roof for high visibility, while other lights may be mounted on the body, in the grill, or in the interior of the vehicle.
Roof-mounted single beacon.
Since their introduction in 1948, rotating beacons have become widely accepted as a means of attracting attention to one's vehicle. Although the use of the single beacon in law enforcement has dropped since the introduction of light bars, they are still used by some police departments, because of their lower cost or due to tradition. One agency that continues to employ traditional red rotating beacons on its patrol cars is the Michigan State Police. Beacons are also occasionally used on construction equipment when a full-sized lightbar would be unnecessary or impractical to attach to the vehicle.
While many single beacons use rotating lamps or mirrors, others use strobe lights under a translucent dome to provide an omnidirectional flash. Some smaller and low-cost beacons of the latter type, however, are simply a blinking incandescent bulb. LEDs are also used to light some omnidirectional beacons.
The single beacon is also available with a magnetic mount for situations where permanent mounting is impractical. Examples of such situations would be detectives in unmarked vehicles, volunteer firefighters, or managers at freight yards who use an amber light for safety. These "mag-mount" beacons are often round or teardrop-shaped, and are often referred to as "Kojak" lights after the popular 1970s TV detective who used one.
Lightbar.
Originally, this referred to a simple metal bar on the roof of the vehicle upon which agencies would mount two rotating beacons, as well as other components such as sirens and stationary "lollipop" lights. Soon the beacon manufacturers began producing off-the-shelf complete "light bars".
Later, the individual components of the lightbar were integrated into a single contiguous unit, with two elongated domes on either side of a siren enclosure. The extended domes allowed for more rotating beacons, additional mirrors, and fixed-beam lights toward the center to replace the "lollipops".
Lightbars may now contain fixed, rotating, strobe, or LED-based lights in various configurations and offering programmable flash patterns. They may include a second, lower, tier of lamps, such as clear halogen "takedown" lights towards the front to illuminate the vehicle being stopped, clear side-facing "alley" spotlights, additional amber or red towards the rear for scene protection, or directional traffic advisory arrows. The modern trend of locating sirens on or near the front bumper of emergency vehicles has resulted in many lightbar models eliminating the siren housing in lieu of more lighting.
Some lightbar variations are specialized to meet certain desires of the agencies utilizing them, such as those using multiple rotating beacons in a "V" pattern to provide additional illumination to the sides of the vehicle, and those designed to hug the roof of a vehicle to minimize air resistance or present a lower profile for "stealth" purposes.
Body mounted.
Some types of light can be mounted on to the outside of the vehicle (usually a permanent install) and these can be used to provide directional lighting in key areas, such as in front for clearing traffic, or to the rear for scene protection. They can also form part of the main lighting arrangement for subtly marked or unmarked vehicles. In this application, the operating service may choose to use lights with clear lenses so as to minimize the possibility of the lights being noticed when not on.
Common places to mount such beacons include on or in the grill of the vehicle and on the front of the rear view mirrors, where they can gain maximum visibility. In the UK many emergency vehicles have lights on the side of the bonnet, which helps to warn oncoming traffic when pulling out of junctions. These lights are often strobe or LED types, as they have the lowest profile for purposes of attachment.
Vehicle integral.
Sometimes, the existing lighting on a vehicle is modified to create warning beacons. In the case of wig-wag lighting, this involves adding a device to alternately flash the high-beam headlights, or, in some countries, the rear fog lights. It can also involve drilling out other lights on the vehicle to add "hideaway" or "corner strobes".
Interior mounted.
A variety of emergency lights may be used in the interior of a vehicle, generally on the dashboard, visor area, or rear deck. Uses range from discreet or temporary lighting for unmarked vehicles and volunteer responders, to additional rear lighting on fully marked vehicles, to a "slick-top" configuration not unlike a full lightbar set.
Interior lighting is available in a variety of form factors, ranging from flat LED panels under the sun visors, to halogen or strobe lights mounted on the rear deck, to "cherry" or oscillating "teardrop" lights mounted on the dash. These may be permanently mounted and wired into the vehicle's electrical system, or they may be temporarily mounted and plug into the vehicle's cigarette lighter. They are often fitted with shields which direct the light through the window, but prevent reflections in to the cab.
The aerodynamic properties of light bars can be important for police applications, as fuel efficiency and drag are concerns in patrol and pursuit. Because of this, some police cars do not have roof mounted lightbars. These "slick-top" cars mount their emergency lights within the cruiser, generally around the periphery of the windshield or into the leading or trailing edge of the roof. Slick-top police cars also lack the silhouette of a lightbar or beacon, making the car harder to identify as a police vehicle from a distance, especially fore and aft. Because of these visual advantages, these vehicles are sometimes referred to as "stealth" vehicles.
A key disadvantage of relying solely on internal lighting is the number of lights required to achieve true 360 degree visibility, with most lights usually concentrated front and rear. This can limit the application of vehicles for instances such as scene protection.
Scientific research.
Perception.
A study at Loughborough University in the United Kingdom showed that strobe lighting conveyed a greater sense of urgency to other road users, with the faster the flash the greater urgency, potentially helping to speed the emergency vehicle through traffic. It also concluded that factors such as flash pattern were important, with simultaneously flashing beacons attracting attention far quicker than alternately flashing versions, although this did increase discomfort glare. Unsurprisingly, attention was gained far quicker the higher the intensity of the light was, and the more beacons were present.
This same study compared different light colors for glare and detection time under both daylight and night conditions. While red and blue both compared favorably with amber for glare under various conditions, some contradictory findings were observed for detection time. When all colors were held at equal intensity, amber had the poorest detection time both daytime and night. But when the light source was held at constant intensity, the amber filters, which generally let the most light through, had the best detection time.
Potential hazards.
There may be a number of hazards to other road users related to the use of emergency beacons, and these effects should be mitigated as far as possible during vehicle design. These potential hazards include:
Usage by country.
The color of a vehicle's emergency lights is useful to denote the type of vehicle or situation, but the relationship between color and service varies widely by jurisdiction. 
By far the most common colors for the core emergency services to use are blue and red, and there are some arguments for using both. One study found that for flashing lights, red was more easily perceived in daylight, and blue at night. Furthermore, red has advantages in haze and fog, while blue stands out against traffic at night. On the other hand, a different study found that red had the quickest detection times at night.
Argentina.
Argentina uses blue for police, red with some blue for fire, green for ambulances, and amber for utility vehicles.
Australia.
In Australia, colors are generally regulated at the state level, but there are some commonalities:
Many police motor vehicles, and less often other emergency services, also fit LED matrix variable message displays to vehicle lightbars. Such message bars used in New South Wales by the police and fire brigade are capable of displaying numerous messages warning motorists of various hazards or dangers.
Canada.
Generally, red is used for emergency vehicles, amber for construction and utility vehicles, and green for volunteer firefighters. Blue is used, along with red, for police, as well as for snow removal vehicles in Ontario (with Amber for Municipal snow removal) and purple is used for a funeral.
Police now use both red and blue Canada-wide(except where local laws prohibit), including Ontario (thanks to successful testing in Toronto and Ottawa, and changes in the provincial traffic act), where the color blue was only used for non-emergency work.
Blue flashing lights are still permitted on snow removal vehicles in Ontario, as long as they are not used in conjunction with flashing red lights.
Some provinces restrict municipal peace officers (the exact title varies by province) to a different color; for instance, red-only in Québec, and amber in Ontario. However, Ontario does permit certain types of provincial enforcement officers, such as Ministry of Transportation, red lights. Officers appointed to enforce the Highway Traffic Act and other statutes use red or red and blue lights as well, such as Ministry of the Environment, Ministry of Natural Resources, University Constables and others. White flashing lights are common as a supplemental light on emergency vehicles, particularly for fire and ambulance vehicles.
In New Brunswick Green is reserved for EMO Command post. In addition to the use of optional green lights, volunteer firefighters often receive special license plate size markings (red letters on a yellow background) to be displayed in place of a front license plate, or in the window of said vehicle.
Utility vehicles generally use amber. Ontario and Newfoundland use blue lights for snowplows, while Alberta uses amber and red for snowplows, and has a public awareness campaign advising motorists that "flashing amber and red means snowplow ahead". Alberta also allows red lights on certain classes of utility vehicles, such as natural gas utilities which may need to disconnect a gas line in an emergency.
While funeral vehicles may also use amber, more recently, some funeral vehicles in Ontario, and more recently Alberta; have begun using purple lights for identification. Often, as a courtesy, motorists yield to funeral processions. However, they are not required to by law.
Europe.
In most of Europe emergency vehicles use blue lights. However, it is a darker specification blue than used in other parts of the world.
Red lights are not common in Europe, though they are used in some countries where red has a specific meaning. Police in Finland, Estonia, Germany and Sweden use a forward-facing red light to indicate that a driver must pull over and stop. Germany and Sweden also use red on fire vehicles to designate the command post; in other countries a single green beacon sometimes designates the command post. In Sweden, a green strobe will indicate a medical command vehicle. Greece uses red on fire engines, and red along with blue on police vehicles. In Poland, red is used on some police and military vehicles to show that it leads a convoy. Until recently the National Police in Slovakia used only blue lights, they have recently started using red and blue lights; Municipal and Military Police used blue lights in Slovakia.
Spain.
The law allows only the Cuerpo Nacional de Policía, Guardia Civil, Policía Local and autonomous law-enforcement agencies to use blue lights, so in contrast with convention in Europe, civil defense, ambulances (Ambulancia) and fire engines (Bomberos) have to use yellow/amber lights (the only other color authorized, in contrast to convention in which these color lights are used to denote slow vehicles). However some Autonomous Communities have allowed other colors, such as blue, red or white (the latter two of which is used by SAMUR in Madrid), which however, would be technically illegal to use throughout Spain. However, also yellow/amber lights are used in wide-load trucks and their accompanying vehicles.
Germany.
Only emergency and police vehicle may use blue lights. This includes firefighters, rescue services, emergency response vehicles for public utilities and civil defense units. All other kinds of blue lights (e.g. car floor lighting or cab interior lights) are illegal on public roads. Flashing blue lights and sirens may only be used by authorized vehicles in case of emergency and order all other vehicles to make way, since these vehicles have the absolute right of way. Blue lights alone may be used to secure the site of an accident (or a standing emergency vehicle). Sometimes, columns of emergency or police vehicles use blue lights (without sirens) to make the column more visible to other vehicles.
German police lightbars often have "POLIZEI" written in white over the dome, and usually incorporate an LED text display that can read, in mirrored writing if towards the front, "STOP POLIZEI" or "BITTE FOLGEN" ("please follow"), to signal drivers to pull over. In the newest generation, the text display changes between German and English (STOP POLIZEI -> STOP POLICE and BITTE FOLGEN -> FOLLOW ME) British police lightbars use the word "STOP".
Hungary.
Blue lights (in light bars) are used by (reserved for) police, ambulance/paramedics/emergency blood transport, firefighters, emergency response teams (public services), correction facilities. Blue-red combo is often used by police and ambulance, but red can only be used in combo with blue. Some police units often use additional lighting, e.g. strobe lights, alternating headlight flash, behind-windshield blue/red lights. Detachable blue flash lamps are occasionally used by unsigned cars of special police forces, by personal transport services for government members, and diplomatic convoy/escort vehicles. Amber/yellow flashing lights are for warning some special attribute (e.g. oversized, slow, parking at unexpected places etc.) of vehicles like garbage trucks, road cleaning/control/repair, snow plow, car assistance services, construction, transporting dangerous materials etc. Amber/yellow lights do not grant traffic privileges, except to go in the opposite direction in one-way streets or driving on the opposite side in some cases, e.g. road cleaning.
Netherlands.
The color of emergency vehicle lighting is blue. Vehicles using flashing blue lights and siren have right of way over all other vehicles. Only designated emergency/priority vehicles may use blue lights; this includes police, fire brigade, ambulance service and a few other, smaller services such as the blood bank and some lifeguard organizations. Dutch police vehicles have an LED matrix display, which can show different texts in red lighting. Most often used are "STOP POLITIE" (ordering a driver to pull over and stop) or "VOLGEN POLITIE" (ordering driver to follow the police vehicle). Standard Dutch police cars often have the text bar incorporated in the light bar, vans and motorcycles usually have a separate sign on the front of the vehicle. On ambulances, a green beacon indicates the command vehicle when multiple units are responding to an incident - usually this is the first vehicle that arrives on the scene. Newer ambulance models also have a text display that will alternate the words "Ambulance" and "Spoed" ("urgent").
Sweden.
Blue Police vehicles, medical vehicles and fire engines often use white along with the dark "euro" blue to improve visibility during daylight hours. Blue lights are also allowed to be used on vehicles of "vital importance to the community". This means response vehicles from gas companies and electrical companies may use blue lights and sirens, vehicles use by railroad/tram/metro fast response units, vehicles of the Swedish Military Police and vehicles of the Swedish Customs Service. Vehicles that transport blood or donor organs may also use blue lights and sirens. Cars carrying armed security officers (tasked with protecting embassies, airports and government buildings) may use blue lights and sirens if responding to an alarm.
Yellow/amber lights grant no priority in traffic and exist purely to advertise the vehicle's presence, and as warning: Heavy machines, trucks, bulldozers and suchlike are equipped with yellow/amber lights, and also slow going vehichles, and all vehicles that operates in a place where you're not supposed to normally encounter a vehicle. Fitting these lights to other vehicles, such as privately owned or pedestrian, is legal.
Red The Swedish Police Service use a forward-facing red light to indicate that a driver must pull over and stop. Fire vehicles use a red light to designate the command post.
Green Swedish ambulances use a single green flashing light to indicate the command post.
France.
Police cars are only required to have blue, though amber is commonly used in conjunction with blue, but not alone.
Latvia.
Mostly all the emergency vehicles are equipped with roof lightbars that are:
The gas emergency service (Avārijas dienests/Gāzes avārijas dienests) and the firefighter cars are equipped with the dark blue beacons on top. The gas emergency service vehicles don't have lightbars.
The Police cars are the only ones that have dark blue dash flashers.
Amber lights generally designate non-emergency or slow movement vehicles such as tow trucks, tractors, combine harvesters or construction equipment.
Romania.
Three types of light are used: red, blue and amber. At a red rotating light, stopping (outside of the way) is compulsory, for a blue light slowing down and moving out of the way is compulsory, and an amber light means proceed with caution due to over-sized or slow vehicle.
The cars that are allowed to use a red rotating light are: Police, Firefighters.
Cars that are allowed to use a blue rotating light are: Police (including Local Police), Gendarmerie, Border Police, Ambulance (including SMURD), Civil Protection, Ministry of National Defense, Special Units of the Romanian Intelligence Service, Protection and Guard Service, Ministry of Justice - General Directorate of Prisons, Public Ministry - when in mission, National Anticorruption Directorate - when in mission, and Financial Guard vehicles.
The amber rotating light means: over-sized vehicle (and accompanying vehicles), overweight vehicle (and accompanying vehicles), dangerous transport, road/street maintenance, tow vehicles, tractors, agricultural vehicles.
Norway.
Mostly blue.
Military and civil defense vehicles may also use a blue flag or non-flashing light to mark the first vehicle in a group of four or more vehicles which has the right of way and a green flag or non-flashing light to mark the last vehicle of the group.
Greece.
Emergency services in Greece employ the use of emergency lights. Police used to have blue-colored emergency lights but after a recent restock of vehicles, now the use of both blue and red color is usual. Fire Departments make use of red only emergency light while ambulances either use red or both colors. Regulation also states that the Military as well as vehicles carrying politicians can make use of a single rotating blue light at the roof. Every other individual and/or company may use yellow lights for either warning or emergency. Special groups like Emergency Response teams and agents may also include emergency lights on their private vehicles in case of an emergency when not in active duty. All utility vehicles such as construction related, tow trucks must be equipped with a yellow-colored emergency light bar on the top, clearly visible from the front and rear side. The same applies for private security firm vehicles, that are in generally treated like typical private cars.
United Kingdom.
Blue lights
Usage of emergency vehicle lighting is restricted in the United Kingdom through the Road Vehicle Lighting Regulations 1989. It is illegal for any vehicle to show a flashing colored light (with the exception of the normal direction indicators or a green anti-lock brake warning indicator), unless it is an emergency or other authorized vehicle. However recently pedal cycles can exhibit a flashing rear red lamp and flashing white front lamp.
The main color for emergency service vehicles is overwhelmingly blue, although there is also widespread use of flashing (white) headlights. The legal definition of an emergency vehicle limits the use of both methods to vehicles used for:
Blue flashing lights must only be lit at the scene of an emergency, or when the driver considers it desirable to indicate that the journey being undertaken is urgent, and (in terms of the law) convey to other drivers that they should take special care.
Although not specifically linked to the use of warning beacons, the police, fire brigade and ambulance services (and in certain cases, the blood services and bomb disposal units, but not the other emergency services listed above) may also choose to allow their drivers to claim legal exemptions from certain motoring regulations, such as being able to treat a red traffic light as a give way sign, exceeding the speed limit, passing the wrong side of a keep left/right sign, driving in a bus lane, or parking in restricted areas. They may not, however, ignore "no entry" signs, drive the wrong way down a one-way street or cross a solid white line in the middle of the road (other than the same exceptions granted everyone else, for example to pass a stationary vehicle). In reality some drivers will disobey other laws at their professional judgement but they do so without any automatic protection from the law. Some services, such as HM coastguard do not allow all their staff to claim all the exemptions available to them.
No qualification other than a driver's license is legally required to use blue lights; whilst provision has been made to require the drivers of emergency vehicles to have suitable training if they will be driving above the speed limit, this has not yet been brought into force. However most organizations will insist that their drivers are trained in emergency driving techniques.
The common combination of blue flashing lights with two-tone sirens has led to 'blues and twos' becoming a nickname for the core emergency services as a whole, as well as the title of a British documentary series depicting them.
Amber/yellow lights
Amber lights grant no priority in traffic and exist purely to advertise the vehicle's presence. The Regulations specifies several classes of vehicles which may use amber lights, such as towing, highway maintenance, pilot vehicles escorting an oversize load, and vehicles unable to travel over 25 mph and fitting these lights to other vehicles(such as privately owned or pedestrian) is legal (these beacons are widely fitted to vehicles as wide ranging as security and ambulances).
Amber LEDs are widely used on operational appliances owned by Hampshire Fire and Rescue Service. The combination of blue and amber LEDs in a light bar are proven to be more visible at a distance. 
Amber lights are also utilised by the Vehicle and Operator Services Agency (VOSA)
Other lights
Green emergency lighting is used by doctors on emergency calls, but it grants no privileges or exemptions from traffic laws.
Flashing red lights are not generally allowed on vehicles, though many emergency vehicles have rear-facing flashing red lights, which are used to signify that the vehicle is stationary. These are, however, specifically prohibited by the Regulations. Hazard lights may be wired to function at the same time, to make civilians further conscious of their presence. Fog lights may also be used in an alternating left/right pattern.
Steady checkered lights denote command and control vehicles - these are red and white for fire (one of the few situations where a forward-facing red light may be shown), blue and white for police and green and white for ambulance, and are often fitted in the middle of the light bar.
It should also be noted that UK legislation considers all lights, reflectors and reflective material to be lights, and all items resembling special warning beacons (of any color) must be covered and not just disconnected (as this is a separate offence) while on the public highway. Similarly, no distinction is made between lights mounted on light bars and those mounted anywhere else on the vehicle (e.g. headlights, indicators, brake lights) - all are covered by the same regulations.
Hong Kong.
Under Hong Kong Law, Chapter 374G of the Road Traffic (Traffic Control) Regulations: Section 46 "Giving way to animals, police vehicles, ambulances, etc.," drivers must yield to vehicles who are sounding siren or flashing light bars.
Japan.
Red is the most used color on Japanese emergency vehicles, with the exception of the wig-wag headlights. The Japanese police uses light bars mounted on a raised platform or a mechanical raised platform to make them more visible over congested streets. Rotating light are the most commonly used. But some of the newer fire vehicles do have LED light bars installed. Vehicles with any other color light are security or engineers.
New Zealand.
In New Zealand, the colors used on lightbars and beacons are defined by the New Zealand Transport Authority regulations.
Volunteers in general are afforded no special privileges and cannot use flashing lights or sirens in order to navigate traffic. However, volunteer Operational Support(ex Fire Police ) members who respond to calls in their own private vehicles may be authorized by their unit or brigade to display a red beacon, for reasons of safety and identification. However, these lights may only be fitted and operational while stationary at an emergency scene, not while mobile in traffic.
United States.
In the United States, colors are generally regulated at the state and local levels, but there are some commonalities.
Police.
Police agencies may use red, blue, or both, depending on the state, along with white and amber as optional colors; although amber is usually restricted to face behind the vehicle. Some police cars have an amber traffic-control stick, or "arrow stick", behind the lightbar to direct traffic left or right around the vehicle; these usually have 6 or 8 rear-facing lights that flash in sequence.
Some privately operated special police are allowed to display the same colors as regular police, generally, if they receive their special police authority at the state level. This can include railroad, university, hospital, and humane society police departments.
Fire and EMS.
Fire and emergency medical services generally use red lights with amber and white as optionals. Vehicles operated by fire departments, such as fire engines and heavy rescue vehicles, prominently use red, a color with strong cultural associations with the fire service, along with some amber and white.
Many fire chiefs' cars have, in addition to the red lights, a single green beacon to indicate command post status. On the other hand, in Chicago and some nearby communities, fire vehicles show a green light on the right, or starboard, side of the vehicle, reflecting nautical tradition.
Emergency medical vehicles, such as ambulances and paramedic fly-cars, generally use white, amber, and red as well. Some states have a specific rule authorizing light colors for EMS vehicles, while on the other hand some EMS vehicles "inherit" their light colors from the fire or police department they are operated by or contracted to, and may show blue lights.
The National Fire Protection Association publishes the NFPA-1901 standards for fire vehicles, which specifies the degree of lighting on various parts of the vehicles, with some flexibility as to color. There is also a GSA procurement specification for ambulances known as KKK-A-1822-F, which many local authorities follow.
Volunteer Personnel.
Many U.S. states allow volunteer fire, EMS and Search and Rescue personnel to place emergency warning lights in their personal vehicles for use when responding to emergencies. The laws vary greatly by state.
Virginia state law allows emergency personnel to equip one private vehicle
""with no more than two flashing or steady-burning red or red and white combination warning lights"".
The degree of lighting is mandated by law and also by local custom in most areas, and can vary from a single rotating light on the dashboard or roof, to a setup much like modern police cruisers. Some states also allow volunteer use of sirens and air horns to request the right of way.
Some over use lighting systems to a point of being nonsensical and confusing to drivers. These vehicles and operators are called the slang term "Whackers".
In some states, volunteers are allowed to use the normal red lights, while in other states volunteers must use some other color, usually blue or green. In the latter case, the lights are used as a courtesy to "request" the right of way and generally do not mandate pulling over. Some states, such as Pennsylvania, limit volunteer use of red lights to chiefs and captains of squads.
Separate colors may be used for fire versus EMS volunteers. In Connecticut, Indiana, and New York, volunteer firefighters use blue while volunteer EMTs use green. In New Jersey, volunteer fire and ambulance personnel use blue lights in their personal vehicles while responding to their stations. In NJ red lights are only allowed for emergency vehicles, fire chiefs, chief officers of first aid or rescue squads, or other law enforcement vehicles.
New York also certifies some volunteer EMTs to use red lights and sirens provided their vehicles carry certain equipment; this is often used by Hatzolah volunteers in the NYC area. Typically in New York state, volunteer firemen use blue lights in their personal vehicles and volunteer EMS use green lights. This may generate confusion, as green lights are also used to signify an incident command vehicle.
The conflicting color assignments can create issues for volunteers who drive their vehicles out of state. While some authorities may be satisfied with covering the lights with an "Out Of Service" tarp, compliance may be more difficult in other jurisdictions. For example, Arkansas bars civilian possession of blue lights on or in a vehicle unless sealed in the manufacturer's original package.
The confusion generated by the different colors in each state can also cause problems for drivers who travel into others states. One color in their state may mean firefighter or EMT when in another state it may mean police, obviously causing problems.
Utility Vehicles.
Yellow lights are often used on vehicle involved in non-emergency work. Most utility companies, towing services, and certain types of construction equipment mount some type of lightbar or lighting system for a higher degree of visibility.
In Detroit, Michigan, Angels' Night volunteers will patrol neighborhoods with yellow lights to help deter vandalism during Devil's Night and Halloween. Typically these lights are the single beacon kind, although lightbars have been used for vehicles of this type, especially on wreckers/tow trucks. Also in Michigan, emergency road service vehicles (tow trucks, wreckers, etc.) are allowed to use red warning lights only when stationary.
In Memphis, most city maintenance vehicles (including MLG&W utility trucks) with flashing lights use yellow lights; however, some vehicles with the traffic engineering department use red flashing lights, especially vehicles equipped with cherry pickers used to repair traffic signals.
In states that do not enforce specific rules about green, yellow or white lights, they are often used by entities like private security companies which may be ineligible to use blue or red lights but wish to distinguish themselves from utility vehicles. Security vehicles generally use their lights on private property and are generally not allowed a "courtesy" or "emergency" light on public roads.
Optional colors.
Often, while certain colors are customarily used by different services, there are other colors that are optionally used, such as amber and white. Sometimes, this is done to satisfy particular regulations; for example, California requires a steady red light facing forward and a flashing amber light to the rear on every emergency vehicle.
Emergency vehicles in California generally show a flashing amber light to the rear as well along with one side of the bar being a steady red on the front.

</doc>
<doc id="2843564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843564" title="Timeline of cryptography">
Timeline of cryptography

Below is a timeline of notable events related to cryptography.

</doc>
<doc id="2843567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843567" title="J. Dover Wilson">
J. Dover Wilson

John Dover Wilson CH (13 July 1881 – 15 January 1969) was a professor and scholar of Renaissance drama, focusing particularly on the work of William Shakespeare. Born at Mortlake (then in Surrey, now in Greater London), he attended Lancing College, Sussex, Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge and taught at King's College London before becoming Regius Professor of English literature at the University of Edinburgh.
Wilson was primarily known for two lifelong projects. He was the chief editor, with the assistance of Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch, of the "New Shakespeare," a series of editions of the complete plays published by Cambridge University Press. Of those editions, the one of Hamlet was his particular focus, and he published a number of other books on the play, supporting the textual scholarship of his edition as well as offering an interpretation. His "What Happens in Hamlet," first published in 1935, is among the more influential books ever written on the play, being reprinted several times including a revised second edition in 1959.
Wilson's textual work was characterized by considerable boldness and confidence in his own judgement. His work on the complicated matter of the transmission of Shakespeare's texts—none of Shakespeare's manuscripts survive and no published edition of any play was supervised directly by the playwright, so all of the texts are mediated by compositors and printers—was highly respected, though some of his theories have since been eclipsed by new scholarship. However, when the textual principles he painstakingly established did not support the reading that seemed right to him, he would depart widely from them, earning him a reputation for both brilliance and capriciousness; Stanley Edgar Hyman refers to the "valuable (sometime weird)" "New Shakespeare". In his interpretations that juxtaposition was heightened without the support of his arduous textual work. These interpretations included a reading of the famous bedroom scene between Hamlet and his mother that remains influential (if frequently questioned) to this day, but also peculiar ideas about covert Lutheranism and almost completely unsourced speculation about Shakespeare's relationship with his son-in-law. The influential Shakespearean W. W. Greg, Wilson's nemesis, once referred to Wilson's ideas as "the careerings of a not too captive balloon in a high wind."
In 1969 he completed a posthumously-published memoir, "Milestones on the Dover Road".

</doc>
<doc id="2843569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843569" title="Hot particle">
Hot particle

A hot particle is a microscopic piece of radioactive material, which can become lodged in living tissue and deliver a concentrated dose of radiation to a small area. A controversial theory proposes that hot particles within the body are vastly more dangerous than external emitters delivering the same dose of radiation in a diffused manner. Other researchers claim that there is little or no difference in risk between internal and external emitters.
The theory has gained most prominence in debates over the health effects of nuclear accidents, dirty bombs or fallout from atomic weapons, all of which can spread hot particles through the environment. The current ICRP risk model for radiation exposure is derived from studies of victims of external radiation, and detractors claim it does not adequately estimate the risk of hot particles.
Attributes.
Hot particles contained in far-traveled nuclear fallout range in size from 10 nanometers to 20 micrometers, whereas those present in local fallout may be much larger (100 micrometers to several millimeters).
Hot particles can be identified by a Geiger counter, or by autoradiography, "i.e.", fogging X-Ray film. Their age and origin can be determined by their isotopic signature.
Due to their small size, hot particles may be swallowed, inhaled or enter the body by other means. Once lodged in the body, cells very near the hot particle may absorb much of its radiation, and be bombarded in a very sustained and concentrated fashion. By contrast, an external radioactive source delivering the same total amount of radiation over the whole body would give a relatively minute dose to any one cell. 
Estimating health risk.
The Committee Examining Radiation Risks of Internal Emitters (CERRIE), established by the UK Government, carried out a 3-year-long independent expert review into the health risks of internal emitters ("i.e.", hot particles) and published its findings in 2003. The study failed to reach consensus, but the conclusion of the majority of its members was that the current ICRP risk model, despite being largely derived from studies of survivors of external radiation, adequately estimates the risk of hot particles, and that any differences between internal and external radiation are adequately accommodated by the established parameters in physiological models (relative biological effectiveness, kinetic factors); "i.e.", that internal radiation does not seem to be significantly more dangerous than an equal amount of externally delivered radiation. However, they noted significant levels of uncertainty regarding dose estimates for internal emitters, especially regarding less common radionuclides such as 239Pu and 241Am, and even more common ones such as 90Sr. Two of the twelve members disagreed with the overall findings, notably Christopher Busby who advocates controversial physico-biological mechanisms such as Second Event Theory and Photoelectric Effect Theory, by which he believes the danger of ingested particles could be greatly enhanced.
Another study largely corroborates the CERRIE findings, though emphasising the paucity of useful data, substantial uncertainties over accuracy, and the existence of evidence for at least some modest "enhanced cell transformation for hot-particle exposures".
Origin.
Hot particles released into the environment may originate in nuclear reactors. The Chernobyl disaster was a major source of hot particles, as the core of the reactor was breached, but they have also been released into the environment through illegal dumping of low-level waste at Dounreay. They are also a component of the black rain or other nuclear fallout resulting from detonations of a nuclear weapon, including the more than 2000 nuclear weapons tests in the mid-20th century. Radiation can spread from a more radioactive substance to a less radioactive one by the processes of neutron activation and photodisintegration; this induced radioactivity increases the potential number of hot particle sources.
Cold War nuclear tests included safety trials in which fissile material was not detonated, but was sometimes dispersed, including plutonium vapor, plutonium aerosols of various sizes, plutonium oxide particulates, plutonium-coated particles, and sizeable lumps of plutonium-contaminated structural material.
Accidents involving satellites and other devices are another source. The crash of the Kosmos 954 satellite released hot particles from its nuclear engine.
Accidents during transportation of nuclear weapons or nuclear waste are another potential source. A Boeing B-52 Stratofortress nuclear-armed bomber crashed in the area of the northwest Greenland town of Thule (since renamed to Qaanaaq), releasing hot particles.
Common failure of nuclear fuel may result in fuel fleas, which can be found in some facilities that process spent nuclear fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="2843577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843577" title="Miles M.30">
Miles M.30

The Miles M.30 X-Minor was an experimental aircraft, designed by Miles Aircraft to evaluate the characteristics of blended fuselage and wing intersections. 
Design and development.
Begun in 1939, the design was a scaled-down version of the gigantic Miles M.26 airliner (Miles X) then being developed. The proposed Miles X Airliner was to have had a blended fuselage, eight engines driving four sets of contra-rotating propellers, seating 55 with a range of . The Miles X Airliner was offered as candidate to the post Second World War Brabazon Report Type 1 Requirement for a trans-Atlantic use but was rejected because the Miles design had only half the seating required. 
The small size of the X Minor made it impossible to scale the larger design exactly; the engines were too large and resulted in an aircraft similar in layout but differing in aerodynamics. The X Minor first flew in February 1942, providing Miles with useful data for several years. A larger scale prototype of the X transport was planned but never built.

</doc>
<doc id="2843578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843578" title="Liberty Music Shop Records">
Liberty Music Shop Records

Liberty Music Store Records or Liberty Music Shop Records produced records for jazz singer Lee Wiley.
Liberty Music Shops was a New York business that specialized in sophisticated music for sophisticated customers. At one time in the late 1930s, they had three shops in New York City. They imported a number of records from the UK, as copies of British HMV's and Decca's have been found with large Liberty Music Shop stickers covering the foreign logos. 
In 1933, they started their own private recording label, using original masters recorded at Brunswick and later Decca Records studios. They specialized in specialized dance music (Enric Madriguera, Freddie Martin, Emile Petti and Ted Straeter); cabaret and Broadway personalities (Beatrice Lillie, Ramona, Mabel Mercer, Ethel Merman, Cy Walter, Ethel Waters, and Lee Wiley); and speciality acts like Casper Reardon and his Harp—as well as slightly off color humorous artists like Bruz Fletcher. About 200 records were produced between 1933 and 1942. After the war, the issued a few more and in the early 1950s, they produced a number of LP reissues of past glories.

</doc>
<doc id="2843580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843580" title="Virginia D. Smith">
Virginia D. Smith

Virginia Dodd Smith (June 30, 1911 – January 23, 2006) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 to 1991 from the Third Congressional District of Nebraska. She was the first, and to date only woman to represent Nebraska in the United States House of Representatives.
Biography.
She was born in Randolph in Fremont County in the southwestern tip of Iowa, to Clifton Clark Dodd and the former Erville Reeves. On August 27, 1931, she married Haven N. Smith (May 28, 1909 – May 12, 1997). The Smiths died in Sun City, Arizona, where they had resided after 1991. There were no children from the marriage. They are buried in Iowa.
Virginia Smith graduated from the University of Nebraska in the capital city of Lincoln in 1936. For most of her adult life, she and Haven lived in Chappell, in Deuel County, in the Nebraska Panhandle and worked as an advocate on rural and agricultural issues. She was a member of the Business and Professional Women's Club and served as national president from 1951 to 1954 of the American Country Life Association.
She was a Republican National Convention delegate at each party conclave from 1956 to 1972. Smith was elected to succeed Representative Dave Martin in 1974. In the year of Watergate, she defeated her Democratic opponent by just 737 votes, but she was easily re-elected in subsequent elections. A young Karl Rove, later famous as an advisor to U.S. President George W. Bush, worked on the Smith campaign that year in one of his first election assignments. In 1984, Mrs. Smith was named "Independent Woman of the Year."
In Congress, Smith worked to guard funding for rural projects affecting her district and was a vocal opponent of legislative pay increases. She actively sought emergency federal aid for Grand Island after a series of devastating tornadoes swept through the city in 1980. In 1987, she led a drive to roll back a $12,100 pay raise and refused to accept the money when her efforts failed.
Smith was a member of the powerful House Appropriations Committee, where she was regarded as a swing vote on many Reagan administration priorities. Hers was the critical vote in favor of funding the controversial MX missile in 1982, but she opposed the president's request for funding the Contra rebels in Nicaragua in 1985.
National Republicans encouraged Smith to run against U.S. Senator J. James Exon in 1984, but, at seventy-three, she passed on the race and instead ran for re-election. She opted against seeking reelection in 1990 and was succeeded by Republican Bill Barrett.
The Virginia Smith Converter Station (near Sidney in Cheyenne County) and the Virginia Smith Dam on the Calamus River (near Burwell in Garfield County) are named for her. Her congressional papers are archived at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. She was a Methodist.
Smith was asked when she came to Congress about her philosophy of life. "As a 15-year-old high school valedictorian 1927, I wrote these words in my valedictory message. 'There is no excellence without great labor.' Almost half a century later, I continue to live by this philosophy."

</doc>
<doc id="2843591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843591" title="Harlan Mills">
Harlan Mills

Harlan D. Mills (May 14, 1919 – January 8, 1996) was Professor of Computer Science at the Florida Institute of Technology and founder of Software Engineering Technology, Inc. of Vero Beach, Florida (since acquired by Q-Labs). Mills' contributions to software engineering have had a profound and enduring effect on education and industrial practice. Since earning his Ph.D. in Mathematics at Iowa State University in 1952, Mills led a distinguished career.
As an IBM research fellow, Mills adapted existing ideas from engineering and computer science to software development. These included automata theory, the structured programming theory of Edsger Dijkstra, Robert W. Floyd, and others, and Markov chain-driven software testing. His Cleanroom software development process emphasized top-down design and formal specification. Mills contributed his ideas to the profession in six books and over fifty refereed articles in technical journals.
Dr. Mills was termed a "super-programmer", a term which would evolve to the concept in IBM of a "Chief Programmer."
Achievements.
The ICSE-affiliated colloquium "Science and Engineering for Software Development" is being organized in honor of Dr. Harlan D. Mills, and as a recognition of his enduring legacy to the theory and practice of software engineering. The ICSE-affiliated colloquium "Science and Engineering for Software Development" was being organized in honor of Dr. Harlan D. Mills (1919–1996), and as a recognition of his enduring legacy to the theory and practice of software engineering. The first annual "Harlan Mills Practical Visionary Prize" award was presented in 1996. This award is given to an individual who has demonstrated a long-standing and meaningful contribution to both the theory and practice of the information sciences.
Career.
Early life.
Born in Liberty Center, Iowa. As a young man, Mills studied art with Grant Wood. During World War II, Mills became a bomber pilot in the U.S. Army Air Corps. His skills in flying and teaching were such that rather than having him fly missions, the Army assigned him to train other pilots.
Education.
Mills served on the faculties of Iowa State University, Princeton, New York and Johns Hopkins Universities, the Universities of Maryland and Florida,
and Florida Institute of Technology (FIT). At Johns Hopkins and Maryland, he initiated one of the first American university courses in structured programming. At Maryland, he developed a new two-semester freshman introduction to computer science and textbook ""Principles of Computer Programming: A Mathematical Approach"" with co-authors Basili, Gannon, and Hamlet. At FIT, he developed a new freshman and sophomore curriculum for software engineering using Ada as the underlying language with colleagues Engle and Newman.
Industry.
Dr. Mills was an IBM Fellow and Member of the Corporate Technical Committee at IBM, a Technical Staff Member at GE
and RCA, and President of Mathematica and Software Engineering Technology. At GE, he developed a three-month curriculum in management science attended by hundreds of GE executives. At IBM, he was the primary architect of the IBM Software Engineering Institute where thousands of IBM software personnel were trained in the mathematical foundations of software. He later embodied the mathematical and statistical principles for software in the Cleanroom software engineering process. As founder of Software Engineering Technology, he created an enterprise for Cleanroom technology transfer.
Nation.
Dr. Mills had an abiding interest in fostering sound software engineering practices through federal programs. During the formative period of the DoD DARPA STARS Program in the 1980s, he provided fundamental concepts for development of high quality software at high productivity. In 1986, he served as Chairman of the Computer Science Panel for the U.S. Air Force Scientific Advisory Board. During 1974-77, he was Chairman of the NSF Computer Science Research Panel on Software Methodology.
Profession.
Dr. Mills was a program committee member and invited speaker for many professional conferences, and a referee for many mathematics and
computer science journals. From 1980-83, he was Governor of the IEEE Computer Society. In 1981, he was the Chairman for IEEE Fall CompCon. During 1975-81, he served as Editor for IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering. In 1977, he was the U.S. Representative for Software at the IFIP Congress. In 1975, he was the Chairman of the First National Conference on Software Engineering.
Harlan D. Mills Award.
To honor Dr. Mills the IEEE Computer Society created the "Harlan D. Mills Award", the first one presented in 1999, for "contributions to the theory and practice of the information sciences, on software engineering".

</doc>
