<doc id="2843597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843597" title="The Gorilla Foundation">
The Gorilla Foundation

The Gorilla Foundation, founded in 1976, is a non-profit organization created by Francine Patterson in order to purchase the young gorilla named Koko from the San Francisco Zoo. After the purchase, the foundation continued to support Patterson's research as she taught Koko American Sign Language. Currently the foundation is continuing its efforts to get Koko to mate and plans to open an ape preserve on the island of Maui.
The actions of the foundation have been met with criticism by groups who believe it is improper to humanize animals and by researchers who have questioned Patterson's findings with regard to Koko's understanding of language.
Activities.
Patterson had worked with Koko since 1972, when she began teaching the then 1-year-old gorilla American Sign Language. Patterson planned to continue her scientific experiment designed to determine whether, if it were raised using sign language, a gorilla would learn to use language.
The childless Patterson fed and cared for Koko as she would her own child, and the pair formed a mother/child emotional bond. After purchasing Koko, The Foundation moved her into a trailer near Patterson's home in Woodside, California. Patterson has published several papers claiming that Koko has developed a vocabulary of 1000 to 2000 words and that Koko has invented words and compound words.
Since the 1990s, the Foundation has been raising money to move their operation from its sole location in Woodside, California, to a new ape preserve in Maui. They hope that Koko will successfully mate with her partner, Ndume, and spontaneously teach their offspring to use sign language.
Opposition and support for the Gorilla Foundation's Activities.
The plans were opposed by the San Francisco Zoo on the grounds that the humanization of gorillas would be wrong.
Patterson herself has questioned the ethics of the Foundation's treatment of Koko. During a question-and-answer period, in response to a question as to whether her findings would ever be scientifically proven by duplicating them in an independent experiment, Patterson stated that she believes it would not be ethical to do it again because she believes that it is not right to keep such animals in such unnatural circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="2843601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843601" title="Osbourn Park High School">
Osbourn Park High School

Osbourn Park Senior High School is a Prince William County, Virginia public high school in a small county island between the cities of Manassas and Manassas Park.
Osbourn Park serves the mid-part of the county. The community consists of business, professional, U.S. Government and military residents. Osbourn Park has also been designated as The Biotechnology Center and houses two other unique programs: Allied Health and NJROTC. It has at various times had a student population ranging from 1900 to 2500, but it is currently at 2,605 in grades 9-12.
History.
Osbourn High School opened in 1931 and was named after Eugena Osbourn, a proponent of public education in Manassas and Prince William County, Virginia. Ms. Osbourn was the principal of Osbourn High School in Manassas. In the 1970s, a new school was constructed on county property lying between the towns of Manassas and Manassas Park. By 1977, both towns had become independent cities with their own high schools. Osbourn High School became Osbourn Park and the new Osbourn High School was opened and used by the City of Manassas while the City of Manassas Park built a Manassas Park High School.
Demographics.
The following information was provided by PWCS.edu's School Data Profiles found on their website.
In the 2011-2012 school year, Osbourn's student body was:
Curriculum.
Osbourn Park offers the Biotechnology program. It is a four-year program for students interested in health sciences and related fields. The Biotechnology Program provides students a rich environment of integrated humanities and the opportunity to enroll in a variety of Advanced Placement (AP) science courses. Osbourn Park High School recently purchased class sets of iPads.
Extra-Curricular activities.
Osbourn Park has a variety of unique and interesting clubs and activities. A list of the clubs includes: Amnesty International, Key Club, Choir, Band, Orchestra, Drama, InterAct Club, Future Educators of America (FEA), Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Forensics, Debate, Yearbook, Scholastic Bowl (It's Academic), German Honor Society, National Honors Society, French Honor Society, Spanish Honor Society, Student Government, Peer Mediators, Robotics Team, Leadership, Marching Band, Model United Nations, Table Tennis Club, DECA, OP Idol,The International Heritage Society, Step Team, robotics, and NJROTC.
Architecture.
Osbourn Park was very much a classic school of the 1970s, constructed with open, modular classrooms. Renovations began in 2005 to update the nearly thirty-year-old interior of the building. Some of the changes include permanent walls for classrooms including doors, new floors, and newly painted walls. These renovations were completed by the end of the 2006-2007 school year. Stonewall Jackson High School, another county high school constructed around the same time, is an exact replica of Osbourn Park. Both schools have a red brick facade.
Address.
Osbourn Park's address is 8909 Euclid Ave, Manassas, Virginia.
Athletics.
The mascot is a yellow jacket and the sports teams currently play in the 6A Classification in Cedar Run Conference and A6 North Region.
Media.
Osbourn Park High School offers a student produced newspaper titled, "The Yellow Jacket".
The student produced yearbook is titled "The Hi-Jacket" and is under the supervision of Mrs. Beth Skaggs.
"Live from the Hive" (a misnomer because yellow jackets live in nests instead of hives), the first student produced news program debuted in the 2007-2008 school year. The news episodes are an average of five minutes long and are broadcast to the entire school. There were nine episodes in the first season. The episodes focus on recent news, sports and upcoming information about the school.
The first producer was Michelle Pecore (2007–2008), followed by 
Julia Hosick(2008–2009). Live From the Hive has not filmed since then.
Mr. Jason Shaw was the advisor for the "Yellow Jacket" and "Live from the Hive".

</doc>
<doc id="2843617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843617" title="Rolladen-Schneider LS8">
Rolladen-Schneider LS8

The Rolladen-Schneider LS8 is a Standard and 18 metre class single-seat glider developed by Rolladen-Schneider and in series production since 1995. Currently it is manufactured by DG Flugzeugbau.
Development.
By the mid-to–late eighties the LS4 had lost its leading position in the Standard Class to new arrivals, in particular the excellent Discus from Schempp-Hirth. The LS7, in spite of its advanced design, did not recapture the lead and, with flagging sales, Rolladen-Schneider went back to the drawing board.
Designer Wolf Lemke was skeptical of the usefulness of developing a new airfoil. There was no guarantee that the large effort and investment required would bring any palpable gains, as the LS7, ASW 24 and DG-600 had clearly shown. The tools available at the time were simply not up to the task of reliably predicting the performance in everyday conditions of the newer laminar profiles then emerging from the research labs.
The 15 meter Class LS6 was however achieving surprisingly good results flying with locked flaps in the non-FAI sanctioned Sports Class in the United States. Following this lead, Rolladen-Schneider modified an LS6-c by removing the flap handle, resetting the wing at a slightly higher angle of incidence and adding winglets. This experimental prototype outperformed state-of-the-art standard class sailplanes both in side-by-side flight tests and in contests including the German Championships at Neustadt-Glewe.
The LS8 that finally emerged in 1994 had a few improvements over the prototype, the most significant being the redesigned ailerons and the lighter and aerodynamically cleaner wing made possible by deleting the flap system.
LS8's scored second, fourth and fifth in the 1995 World Gliding Championships at Omarama, New Zealand, first, second and third in the 1997 World Gliding Championships at St Auban, France, six out of the first ten positions in the 1999 World Gliding Championships in Bayreuth, Germany, the first three places in the 2001 Women's World Gliding Championships in Lithuania and, more recently, first (and nine out of the first ten places) in the 2005 Women's World Gliding Championships in Klix, Germany. In 2006 World Gliding Championships at Eskilstulna, Sweden, LS8 took the first and third places. LS8 was the winner of 2002, 2004, 2005, and 2007 European Gliding Championship. Many regard it as the best all-round standard class glider.
Commercially the LS8 was very successful, due to its competition potential and to the gentle and easy flight characteristics that make it suitable for club and leisure flying. Primarily to cater to the latter market, versions with longer wings and a ‘turbo’ or sustainer version were developed. A total of 491 examples of all subtypes had been manufactured by December 2005.
Despite the commercial success of the LS8 the company producing it failed to prosper and after a slightly acrimonious court battle the LS8 and other Rolladen-Schneider aircraft passed to DG (DG Flugzeugbau) where the LS8 with some alterations to the mainwheel, the Turbo version etc. is still in current series production with slightly different model designations from the originals.
Turbo development.
The development of the sustainer "Turbo" version went through several iterations with the original prototype being manufactured by Rolladen Scheider for Peter Wright who designed a unique turbo design where the engine remained in the engine bay and drove the propeller via a belt. Peter had many years experience working in composites, design and the Formula 1 industry.
The prop which extended rapidly through a pneumatic mechanism was belt driven via a belt that ran inside the pylons which were Carbon Fibre aerofoil sections to minimise drag. The engine could be started using a starter motor before deploying the prop with the engine already running, a small alternator then recharged the battery and pneumatic reservoir. Air inlet and exhaust were accomplished through small pneumatic doors it the bottom of the fuselage again to allow engine running with the prop/pylons still in the bay and the main fuselage doors still closed.
This arrangement whilst being greatly admired by many was determined by the manufacturer to be too complex and expensive and a much more conventional Turbo design was eventually selected for production by Rolladen Schneider. The LS design has since been modified by DG after their acquisition of LS (Rolladen-Schneider) with DG's in house DEI NT engine control system.
The original Prototype LS8-t (Turbo) was (after difficulties with new EASA regulations trying to export the aircraft to France) converted back to a more or less standard LS8-b where it remains on the British BGA register now redesignated as the LS8-PW (so named after Peter Wright who designed and built the engine installation) with the Competition number F1. It is still unique in being the only LS8 currently on the CAA EASA Annex II list due to its status as a prototype mainly due to the use of unidirectional carbon fibre on the wing skins, an attempt by Rolladen Schneider to improve the surface finish. Production turbos returned to using woven carbon again because of the increased production costs associated with using the more difficult to cut and handle unidirectional material.
Design.
The LS8 is a flexible and relatively conservative design with high development potential. Although primarily designed to Standard Class specifications, it has lent itself easily to span extensions, motorisation, etc.
Variants.
DG Flugzeugbau.
Following the transfer of ownership, subtype designations and specifications changed slightly.

</doc>
<doc id="2843634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843634" title="Actinostrobus pyramidalis">
Actinostrobus pyramidalis

Actinostrobus pyramidalis, commonly known as swamp cypress, is a species of coniferous tree in the Cupressaceae (cypress family). Like the other species in the genus, it is endemic to southwestern Western Australia.
Swamp cypress is a shrub or small tree, reaching eight metres tall. The leaves are evergreen and scale-like, except on young seedlings, where they are needle-like. The leaves are arranged in six rows along the twigs, in alternating whorls of three. The male cones are small, 3–6 mm long, and are located at the tips of the twigs. The female cones start out similarly inconspicuous, but mature in 18–20 months to 1–2 cm with a rounded apex.
The cones open and release the seeds only upon drying. They tend to remain closed on the trees for many years, opening only if the branch, or the whole tree, dies. Bushfire kills swamp cypress, but it also causes a great many seeds to be released all at once, resulting in prolific regeneration. In one case, an isolated tree on Jeegarnyeejip Island was killed by fire, and the following winter there were 800 seedlings per square metre within a couple of metres of the original specimen, and about 150 per square metre ten metres away.
"Actinostrobus pyramidalis" was first collected from Perth in September 1841 by Johann Preiss, and a description was published by Friedrich Anton Wilhelm Miquel in 1845. It is the type species of its genus. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843640" title="Rachel Bluwstein">
Rachel Bluwstein

Rachel Bluwstein Sela (September 20 (Julian calendar), 1890 – April 16, 1931) was a Hebrew poet who immigrated to Palestine in 1909. She is known by her first name, Rachel, () or as Rachel the Poetess ().
Biography.
Rachel was born in Saratov in Imperial Russia on September 20, 1890, the eleventh daughter of Isser-Leib and Sophia Bluwstein, and granddaughter of the rabbi of the Jewish community in Kiev. During her childhood, her family moved to Poltava, Ukraine, where she attended a Russian-speaking Jewish school and, later, a secular high school. She began writing poetry at the age of 15. When she was 17, she moved to Kiev and began studying painting.
At the age of 19, Rachel visited Eretz Israel with her sister en route to Italy, where they were planning to study art and philosophy. They decided to stay on as Zionist pioneers, learning Hebrew by listening to children’s chatter in kindergartens. They settled in Rehovot and worked in the orchards. Later, Rachel moved to Kvutzat Kinneret on the shores of the Sea of Galilee, where she studied and worked in a women's agricultural school. At Kinneret, she met Zionist leader A. D. Gordon who was to be a great influence on her life, and to whom she dedicated her first Hebrew poem. During this time, she also met and had a romantic relationship with Zalman Rubashov—the object of many of her love poems —who later became known as Zalman Shazar and was the third president of Israel.
In 1913, on the advice of A. D. Gordon, she journeyed to Toulouse, France to study agronomy and drawing. When World War I broke out, unable to return to Palestine, she returned instead to Russia where she taught Jewish refugee children. In Russia she suffered from poverty and strenuous labour, as well as the reappearance of her childhood lung disease. It may have been at this point in her life that she contracted tuberculosis. Lonely, ill and famished, she had only one hope left: to return to Palestine. And so in 1919, after the war, she boarded the first ship to leave Russia to Israel
After the end of the war in 1919 she returned to Palestine on board the ship "Ruslan" and for a while joined the small agricultural kibbutz Degania, a settlement neighboring her previous home at Kinneret. However, shortly after her arrival she was diagnosed with tuberculosis, then an incurable disease. Now unable to work with children for fear of contagion, she was expelled from Degania and left to fend for herself. In 1925 she lived briefly in a small white house in the courtyard of No. 64 Street of the Prophets in Jerusalem (courtyard of the William Holman Hunt House). She spent the rest of her life traveling and living in Tel Aviv (scarcely making a living by providing private lessons in Hebrew and French) and finally settled in a sanatorium for tuberculosis patients in Gedera.
Rachel died on April 16, 1931 in Tel Aviv, at the age of 40. She is buried in the Kinneret cemetery in a grave overlooking the Sea of Galilee, following her wishes as expressed in her poem "If Fate Decrees". Alongside her are buried many of the socialist ideologues and pioneers of the second and third waves of immigration. Naomi Shemer was buried near Rachel, according to Shemer's wish.
Poetry.
Rachel began writing in Russian as a youth, but the majority of her work was written in Hebrew. Most of her poems were written in the final six years of her life, usually on small notes to her friends. In 1920 her first poem, "Mood", was published in the Hebrew newspaper Davar. Eventually the majority of her poems were published there on a weekly basis, and quickly became popular with the Jewish community in the Palestine and later, in the State of Israel.
Rachel is known for her lyrical style, briefness of her poems, and the revolutionary simplicity of her conversational tone. The majority of her poetry is set in the pastoral countryside of Eretz Israel. Many of her poems echo her feelings of longing and loss, a result of her inability to realize her aspirations in life. In several poems she mourns the fact that she will never have a child of her own. Lyrical, exceedingly musical and characterized by its simple language and deep feeling, her poetry deals with fate, her own difficult life, and death. Her love poems emphasize the feelings of loneliness, distance, and longing for the beloved. It also touches upon the hardships and laments of a pioneer reminiscing of times spent in labouring on the land. Her lighter poetry is ironic, often comic. Her writing was influenced by French imagism, Biblical stories, and the literature of the Second Aliyah pioneers. Another major creative influence on Rachel’s poetry was the Acmeists and their leader, the Russian poet Anna Akhmatova. Rachel’s style reflects the movement’s strive for “clarity, accuracy, conciseness, and economy of language” in poetry.
In some poems Rachel expresses identification with biblical figures such as Rachel, her namesake matriarch, and Michal, wife of David.
Rachel also wrote a one-act comic play "Mental Satisfaction", which was performed but not published in her lifetime. This ironic vignette of pioneer life was recently rediscovered and published in a literary journal.
Acclaim.
Rachel was the first Jewish woman poet in Palestine to receive recognition in a genre that was practiced solely by men. Anthologies of her poetry remain bestsellers to this day. Many of her poems were set to music, both during her lifetime and afterwards, and are widely sung by Israeli singers. Her poems are included in the mandatory curriculum in Israeli schools. A selection of her poetry was translated to English and published under the title "Flowers of Perhaps: Selected Poems of Rahel", by the London publisher Menard. Poems by Rachel have been translated to English, German, Czech, Polish, Esperanto, Italian, Serbo-Croatian, Hungarian, Basque (by Benito Lertxundi) and Slovak.
In his foreword to the 1994 edition of "Flowers of Perhaps", the acclaimed Israeli poet Yehuda Amichai stated: "What may be most remarkable about the poetry of Ra'hel, a superb lyric poet, is that it has remained fresh in its simplicity and inspiration for more than seventy years."
In 2011, Rachel was chosen as one of four great Israeli poets whose portraits would be on Israeli currency (the other three being Leah Goldberg, Shaul Tchernichovsky, and Nathan Alterman).
Published works.
Poetry Books Published in Hebrew
Later Compilations and Editions in Hebrew
Books in Translation
Individual poems have been published in Afrikaans, Arabic, Chinese, Dutch, English, Esperanto, French, Frisian, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Romanian, Serbo-Croatian, Slovak, Spanish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese, Welsh, and Yiddish.

</doc>
<doc id="2843649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843649" title="Timmy Chang">
Timmy Chang

Timothy Kealii'okaaina Awa "Timmy" Chang (born October 9, 1981) is a retired American football player. He was signed by the Arizona Cardinals as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He played college football at Hawai'i where he set several major college football passing records, some of which he still holds.
Chang has also been a member of the Detroit Lions, Philadelphia Eagles, Rhein Fire, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Winnipeg Blue Bombers.
Early years.
Born in Waipahu, Hawai'i, Chang attended St. Louis School in Honolulu and was an honors student and a three-year letterman in football and basketball. Chang was selected a prep All-American by eight major organizations and publications. As a member of the St. Louis School football team, Chang completed 491 passes for 7,715 yards and 87 touchdowns in his three-year career. Chang graduated from Saint Louis High School in 2000.
College career.
Following high school, Chang played five seasons (2000–2004) for the University of Hawai'i Warriors where he started 50 of 53 career games at quarterback. Chang completed 1,388 of 2,436 passes (57.0 percent) for 17,072 yards and 117 touchdowns, breaking the old NCAA Division I-A all-time records of 1,231 completions in 1,883 attempts by Kliff Kingsbury of Texas Tech University (1999–2002) and 15,031 yards by Ty Detmer of Brigham Young University (1989–91). Chang participated in 2,587 plays, breaking the old NCAA career record of 2,156 by Kingsbury. Chang's 16,910 yards in total offense broke the previous NCAA record of 14,465 by Detmer. Chang also had six rushing touchdowns and was a four-time All-Western Athletic Conference selection.
Chang currently holds NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision all-time records for total plays (2,587), passes attempted (2,436), and interceptions (80). He ranks second in total offensive yards (16,910) and career passing yards (17,072) and is seventh in touchdown passes (117).
Chang was named the Most Valuable Player of the 2003 Hawaii Bowl in a triple-overtime victory over the University of Houston, and was named Co-MVP, with Chad Owens, of the 2004 Hawaii Bowl in a victory over the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Chang was a finalist for the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award award for the 2004 season. He made a cameo in NCAA Football 06 in an opening.
Professional career.
Chang was signed by the Arizona Cardinals after going undrafted in the 2005 NFL Draft, but was cut in training camp. That year, Chang also played in the preseason for the Detroit Lions but did not make the final roster. He then signed with the Philadelphia Eagles, who allocated him to the NFL Europe in 2006. He played for the Rhein Fire of NFL Europa for the 2006 season, in which he completed 50 of 89 passes for 656 yards, 4 touchdowns and 3 interceptions, while sharing playing time with Drew Henson. He was in training camp with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2006, but was cut before the start of the regular season.
The Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL acquired the negotiating rights to Chang in a February 12, 2007 trade with the Edmonton Eskimos. Chang signed with Hamilton on March 13, 2007.
Chang was released by the Tiger-Cats on August 29, 2008 and signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers the following day. He retired in 2009 and returned to the University of Hawaii to complete his bachelor's degree.
On May 19, 2012, Southern Methodist University head football coach June Jones, who coached Chang at Hawai'i, announced Chang would join his staff as graduate assistant.
Personal life.
On July 2, 2009, Chang was arrested at his Mililani home on suspicion of robbery. Honolulu police say a woman was filming a fight in the Pearlridge area and when Chang told the woman to stop filming it, a struggle ensued and the suspect allegedly took the camera and threw it on the roof of a nearby building. Chang has been released pending further investigation. Chang was booked on criminal property damage and harassment, and pleaded guilty to both crimes in February 2010. His plea deal included six months probation.

</doc>
<doc id="2843663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843663" title="Night Eyes">
Night Eyes

Night Eyes is a 1990 erotic thriller film written by Tom Citrano and Andrew Stevens. It stars Andrew Stevens, Tanya Roberts, Cooper Huckabee, and Warwick Sims. The film spawned a series of sequels following similar plots.
Synopsis.
When Nikki (Tanya Roberts) catches her husband, rock star Brian Walker (Warwick Sims), with another woman, she files for divorce. Walker and his lawyer bribe her security company, led by Will Griffith (Andrew Stevens), to spy on her and catch her having an affair in order to achieve a favorable divorce settlement. While spying on Nikki for the security company, Will becomes lustfully obsessed with her and begins sleeping with her despite the dangerous consequences.
Filming.
The movie was filmed within a month, starting on November 27, 1989 and finishing in December. It was filmed in Los Angeles, California, while a sequence was filmed in Kenya.
Sequels.
The film spawned a series of sequels, all of which feature Andrew Stevens on the role of Will Griffith. The first two ("Night Eyes 2" and "Night Eyes 3") feature Shannon Tweed in the lead female role, while the features Paula Barbieri.

</doc>
<doc id="2843667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843667" title="Heilbut, Symons &amp; Co v Buckleton">
Heilbut, Symons &amp; Co v Buckleton

Heilbut, Symons & Co v Buckleton is an important English contract law case, given by the House of Lords on misrepresentation. It held that an innocent misrepresentation gave no right to damages. This was decided some time before "Hedley Byrne v Heller", where damages for negligent misrepresentation were introduced in English law.
Facts.
Heilbut, Symons & Co were rubber merchants who were underwriting shares of what they claimed was a rubber company. Buckleton called up a manager at Heilbut to inquire about the shares. In response to the questions, the manager stated that they were "bringing out a rubber company". Based on this statement, Buckleton purchased a large number of shares. The shares turned out not to be for a rubber company at all. The shares performed very poorly. Buckleton sued for breach of warranty.
At trial the Court found that Heilbut made misrepresentation but was not done fraudulently. Nevertheless, at trial it was found that there was a warranty in the statement regarding the rubber company. The claimant, Buckleton, did not succeed at trial.
Judgment.
The House of Lords held that no damages could be payable for an innocent representation. Lord Moulton identified two ways that the action could be successful. First, if the plaintiff could show fraudulent misrepresentation "or what is equivalent thereto, must be made recklessly, not caring whether it be true or not." Second, if there was intent ("animus contrahendi") to be held to a promise then there may be a collateral contract, that would bind Heilbut to their representation. However, they are difficult to find, and, on the fact, none was found. Lord Moulton said,

</doc>
<doc id="2843672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843672" title="Tan Chay Yan">
Tan Chay Yan

Tan Chay Yan (1870–March 1916) was a rubber plantation merchant and philanthropist. A Peranakan, Tan is the grandson of philanthropist Tan Tock Seng by his father, Tan Teck Guan.
Tan was noted in Malayan history as the first man to plant rubber on a commercial basis, after he was introduced to rubber planting by Henry Nicholas Ridley. Subsequently, Tan started a rubber estate at Bukit Lintang. He then ventured his rubber plantation business into Sri Lanka. According to his family, Tan's rubber plantation still belonged to the family. 
As a philanthropist, Tan also gave $15,000 towards the setting up of a medical college in Singapore. The donation went towards the construction of the Tan Teck Guan Building, which Tan named in memory of his late father. Tan also served as a Municipal Councillor and a Trustee of the Cheng Hoon Teng Temple.
There is a variety of orchid named Vanda Tan Chay Yan, according to one of the Peranakan Cina Melaka's annual dinner souvenir books, but there is no record of who named it such. The Vanda Tan Chay Yan was named by his son Robert Tan Hoon Siang who personally developed the hybrid. A road in Melaka was also named after him in view of his contributions to the country's revenue.
Tan died of malaria at the age of 46. A relative believed he could have caught it as he often spent the long hours spent at the rubber plantations. Tan left behind his wife, Chua Wan Neo, a tenth generation Nyonya, six daughters and a son.

</doc>
<doc id="2843673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843673" title="Charles E. Vreeland">
Charles E. Vreeland

Charles E. Vreeland (March 10, 1852 – September 27, 1916) was an officer of the United States Navy who reached the rank of rear admiral.
Early life.
Born in Newark, New Jersey, Vreeland enlisted in the Navy as a naval apprentice early in 1866. After a brief service in the he was given a presidential appointment soon afterwards to enter the U.S. Naval Academy on July 27, 1866, graduating from that institution on June 7, 1870 as a passed midshipman. He received his commission as an ensign in November 1873 after a series of cruises onboard screw sloops.
Naval career.
Vreeland was further promoted to master and then lieutenant after successive tours of duty on board the screw steamer , the gunboat and the sloop-of-war . He was then assigned to the Nautical Almanac Office of the US Naval Observatory in November 1881 after a brief period ashore awaiting orders. In March 1884, Lt. Vreeland began a three-year tour at sea aboard the sloop-of-war , after which he was assigned for two years at the Bureau of Navigation. He was then assigned briefly (from July to September 1889) with the Office of Naval Intelligence and reported to the Coast Survey late in October, a posting he took until the spring of 1893, when Vreeland was assigned a series of tours as naval attaché — first in Rome, Vienna and finally in Berlin.
After returning home in late 1896, Lt. Vreeland was posted to the battleship in mid-January 1897, and served aboard her until he was transferred to the gunboat at the end of June, whereupon he served through most of the Spanish–American War on blockade duty off the port of Manzanillo until the end of July 1898, even though he was named executive officer of the cruiser in April of that year. He did not actually assume those duties until August 24. He was detached from the "Dolphin" to serve aboard the on November 6 that same year, but was ordered to the instead on December 30 due to change in orders. Vreeland was promoted to lieutenant commander, and served aboard various vessels in the Asiatic Squadron. He returned home on board the hospital ship in March 1900. From April 1900 to before August 1902 he was a member of the Board of Inspection and Survey, during which time he was promoted to full commander in mid-August 1901. After his duty in the Board, he supervised the fitting out of the new monitor (later renamed the "Ozark") and assumed command upon her commissioning on October 28 of that year.
Two years later, Vreeland relinquished command of the "Ozark" and served on shore a series of special assignments for the Department of the Navy for the next few years, during which he received his promotion to captain on April 13, 1906. After finishing his on-shore assignments in Washington, D.C. on April 17, 1907, Capt. Vreeland went to New York Ship in Camden, New Jersey the next day to commission the new . He commanded the battleship for the next two years, which was an auspicious time, for the "Kansas" was picked to be part of the "Great White Fleet" that sailed around the world. Soon after the Fleet returned to Hampton Roads on February 22, 1909 he gave up his command of the "Kansas" and returned home to await orders. On May 10, he succeeded Captain Raymond P. Rodgers as Chief Intelligence Officer, the head of the Office of Naval Intelligence until December 8, when he was succeeded by Captain Templin M. Potts. 
As his promotion to rear admiral was becoming imminent, he broke his flag in the as Commander, 4th Division, Atlantic Fleet. On December 27, he became Rear Admiral Charles Vreeland.
On April 19, 1911 he reported ashore for further duty in Washington. In the newly devised aide system for managing the Navy, Vreeland became one of the four principal advisors of the Secretary of the Navy, George von Lengerke Meyer. As Aide for Inspections, he reached the pinnacle of naval command. During his tenure, he represented the Navy at the coronation of George V of the United Kingdom, as well as heading the so-called "Vreeland Board" which reinvestigated the sinking of the in 1898, the controversial report of which — now widely regarded as erroneous — concluded that an external explosion sank the "Maine".
On December 12, Rear Admiral Vreeland ended his tour of duty as Aide for Inspections and succeeded Rear Admiral Richard Wainwright as the second Aide for Operations. While in that position, Vreeland struggled to improve the defenses in the Philippine Islands, agitated for increased naval construction, particularly of battle cruisers, and supported the development of U.S. naval aviation. It was also during his tenure that naval aviation found a permanent home in Pensacola, Florida. On February 11, 1903 he was succeeded by Bradley A. Fiske as Aide for Operations, and Vreeland finished out his naval career as member of both the General and Joint Boards. He retired on March 10, 1914.
Rear Admiral Charles E. Vreeland died in Atlantic City, New Jersey after a brief retirement marked by illness.
Namesake.
The was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2843686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843686" title="Sean Mann">
Sean Mann

Sean Mann (April 6, 1932 – October 31, 1988) was the Allan K. Wood Distinguished Professor of Bioethics and Korean language at the University of California, Berkeley.
Early life.
Dr. Mann was born on April 6, 1932 in Newton, Kansas. As a youth, he became fascinated with the idea that all living things have moral value, even the very small. His passion for defending the rights of the living, even the very small, grew out of his horror at his schoolmates' treatment of animals. In one such frequently cited incident, Mann saw a young squirrel beheaded by a set of pruning shears. The perpetrator of the act, Travis Robey, grew to be a powerful mayor of Newton, where his populist politics and penchant for hyperbole struck a chord with the citizenry of the small, farming community. Mann was appalled by Robey's success and didn't return to Newton until the mayor's death in the final days of March 1974. Upon his return, Mann refused to speak Mayor Robey's name and instead referred to him as that "merciless, bloodthirsty twit."
Education.
After taking his B.A. in philosophy and biology from Kalamazoo College in Kalamazoo, Michigan, Mann moved on to Johns Hopkins University, where he began working on his Ph.D. in the burgeoning field of bioethics. However, just prior to finishing his dissertation, he left school to work as a missionary in southern Korea. After spending eleven years preaching the Christian gospel and immersing himself in Korean dialects, Mann travelled to the United Kingdom to finish his doctorate. He was asked to leave Bristol University after the publication of his controversial monograph, "Images of the Christ as Represented through Korean Ideograms". It is still uncertain whether the university occasioned his departure because of the provocative nature of his language analysis, or because he fraudulently used the university presses to produce his work.
Mann returned to Kansas in 1958, where he became an itinerant bookseller and part-time preacher. After some time travelling around the state, he enrolled at the University of Kansas and took his Ph.D. in 1960.
Academic career.
After leaving the University of Kansas, Dr. Mann took a position as associate lecturer in bioethics at Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, and immediately began revising his doctoral dissertation for publication. This work - an analysis of comparative philosophical perspectives on biology and moral life - was published to immense disappointment and ruthless scholarly attack in July 1962. This fact is especially notable because its 1965 reprinting would revolutionize the field of bioethics. "A Question of Value: Life, Death, and the Very Small" earned Mann the reputation of being the Martin Luther of the field, demonstrating his willingness to stand by his convictions in the face of popular onslaught. He was dismissed from the Whitman College after publication (ostensibly for romantic involvement with students, though today this is widely doubted), but was quickly hired by the Department of Bioethics at the University of California, Berkeley.
His next book, "Biopiracy: The Scourge of the Future", was well before its time. From his interest in the history of the patent for typewriters, Dr. Mann actually envisioned a time when plants and living things, even the very small, might be controlled by patents. His views on this subject, germinating for some time, led to his revolutionary anarcho-syndicalist political views. However, his radical ideology always deferred to his evangelistic Christian beliefs.
Predictably, these two currents of Mann's life did not harmonize as well as he would have liked. He was shunned by the Revolutionary Tendency for Workers' Struggle for the address he delivered at an IWW rally in 1971 expounding the necessity of belief in Jesus Christ for the triumph of the anarcho-syndicalist movement. Furthermore, the "independent" flock of religious believers he gathered in California were none too impressed by the fervor of his revolutionary politics. 
Despite the fact that he was caught in the crossfire of these two very different viewpoints, Mann maintained that his beliefs were reconcilable but did not attempt to unify his constituencies. Instead, he exhibited the utmost respect for both. As one would-be "Mannist" quipped, "he professor did not force his politics on us, he left us free to worship. I could tell - I knew him well, you see - that he wanted us to believe more, but he chose to remain silent. For this, I feel he was a true believer." Mann's political "flock" similarly seemed to accept his dual loyalty. IWW supporter Hans Drucker mentioned that "Mann would be silent as a gas-ridden ghost whenever religion entered the conversation. He knew how we felt; we knew how he felt. No hurtful words ever crossed lips in the Professor's presence." Some admirers might have felt that Mann could reconcile the beliefs, but the vast majority did not. Dr. Mann spent much of the late 1960s and '70's without a political or religious organization to disseminate his writings.
Late Life.
Perhaps out of loneliness or frustration with organized politics and religion, Dr. Mann returned to his time in Korea. Fusing his evangelical faith with his knowledge of Korean symbology and language, Dr. Mann set out to reinterpret Christ's teachings. Through painstaking research, Dr. Mann described how two thousand year old Korean Ideograms proved Christ's presence in the Asian country.
Mann spent the last year of his life hobbled by pinworms and incontinence. His last communication, a letter he wrote to the pastor of the church of his youth in Newton, Kansas, was written in indecipherable hand and signed with an "X".

</doc>
<doc id="2843689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843689" title="Battle of Peebles's Farm">
Battle of Peebles's Farm

The Battle of Peebles's Farm (or Poplar Springs Church) was the western part of a simultaneous Union offensive against the Confederate works guarding Petersburg and Richmond, Virginia, during the Siege of Petersburg in the American Civil War.
Background.
In September 1864, Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant planned simultaneous attacks against both flanks of Gen. Robert E. Lee's Confederate army. The eastern attack would be carried out by the Army of the James under Maj. Gen. Benjamin Butler against the Confederate works at Chaffin's Farm. The western attack was to be carried out by the Union V Corps under Maj. Gen. Gouverneur K. Warren and a cavalry division under Brig. Gen. David McM. Gregg with units from the IX Corps and II Corps in support.
Battle.
Grant had two intentions for Warren. First was to attack the opposite end of Lee's line to relieve pressure on Fort Harrison, which Butler's forces had captured and were holding against counterattacks. The second was to take advantage of the units Lee had removed from his right to retake Fort Harrison. Warren's attack was aimed at the fortifications guarding the Boydton Plank Road, which was being used to carry supplies into Petersburg from the Confederate railhead at Stony Creek to the south. This line was being extended to reach the vicinity of the Union flank at Globe Tavern. While the lines were being constructed a temporary line was held along the Squirrel Level Road. On September 30, the same day Lee was attempting to retake Fort Harrison, Warren and Gregg began marching along the Poplar Springs Road toward the Squirrel Level line in the area of Peebles's Farm and Poplar Springs Church.
Lee had indeed pulled forces from this flank for the counterattack on Fort Harrison (including the Light Division under Maj. Gen. Cadmus M. Wilcox) so Warren was marching against Lt. Gen. A.P. Hill's reduced corps. Around 1 p.m. Brig. Gen. Charles Griffin led the attack against the Confederates near the Poplar Springs Church. Griffin quickly captured Fort Archer on the extreme Confederate flank and the Squirrel Level line broke and fled so quickly that prisoners captured were minimal. Warren halted the attack to fortify the new position and not advance too far in front of the IX Corps. The Union attack forced Lee to recall the Light Division from its march towards Fort Harrison. The IX Corps under Maj. Gen. John G. Parke moved up on Warren's left but did not make an effective link with the V Corps flank. Maj. Gen. Henry Heth was preparing to mount a counterattack, which came about 4:30 and routed the IX Corps and forced one of its brigades to surrender. Warren, who had originally feared a counterattack, now helped rally the broken IX Corps units and check Heth's attack and the fighting died down. Heth tried another flank attack the following day, which was repulsed, as was a cavalry attack under Maj. Gen. Wade Hampton. On October 2 the Union position was reinforced by Brig. Gen. Gershom Mott's division from the II Corps. Mott spearheaded a Union attack that day, which was aimed for the Boydton Plank Road. The attack easily overran Fort McRae but was checked before it reached the Boydton Plank Road.
Aftermath.
The Confederate defenders lost works on both sides of their lines. The Union army extended the siege lines past the Peebles's Farm area, bringing them all the closer to their ultimate goal of the Boydton Plank Road. The Union army was firmly entrenched in the area and later that month the II Corps would make an attempt to cut the Boydton Plank Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2843695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843695" title="Thomas Hammarberg">
Thomas Hammarberg

Thomas Hammarberg (born 2 January 1942 in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden) is a Swedish diplomat and human rights defender. 
He held the post of Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights in Strasbourg from 1 April 2006 to 31 March 2012. He succeeded the first Commissioner, Álvaro Gil-Robles. 
Human rights.
Prior to his appointment, Hammarberg had spent several decades working on the advancement of human rights in Europe and worldwide. He had been Secretary General of the Stockholm-based Olof Palme International Center (2002–05), Ambassador of the Swedish Government on Humanitarian Affairs (1994–2002), the Secretary General of the NGO "Save the Children Sweden" (1986–92), and Secretary General of Amnesty International (1980–86). He received on behalf of Amnesty International the Nobel Peace Prize in 1977.
Between 2001-03, Hammarberg acted as Regional Adviser for Europe, Central Asia and the Caucasus for the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights. For several years, he was the Swedish Prime Minister's Personal Representative for the UN Special Session on Children, as well as the Convener of the Aspen Institute Roundtables on "Human Rights in Peace Missions". Between 1996 and 2000, he was the appointed representative of the UN Secretary General, Kofi Annan, for human rights in Cambodia. He also participated in the work of the Refugee Working Group of the multilateral Middle East Peace Process.
On March 9th 2012, Thomas Hammarberg received the Amnesty International Chair as a reward for his impressive track record in human rights. The Amnesty Chair is organised by Amnesty International Flanders and the University of Ghent, Belgium.
The Commissioner regularly conducts visits to promote the respect of human rights in all Council of Europe member states, in accordance with his mandate.
Roma rights.
Thomas Hammarberg is dedicated to strengthening Sinti and Roma rights in Europe, which he believes are “shamefully flawed”. In a number of speeches and statements, Hammarberg actively seeks to improve living conditions for the largest minority in Europe and criticises the alarming levels of racism directed at these people. Hammarberg paints a clear picture of the situation; for example, in his latest report on Italy he heavily criticises the Italian authorities over their treatment of Sinti and Roma people.
In 2010, Hammarberg published a comprehensive position paper on the human rights situation of Sinti and Roma, in which he stressed the need for a unified and comprehensive programme aimed at improving the situation, warning that “today's rhetoric against the Roma is alarmingly similar to that used by the Nazis before the mass killings started”.
On 27 February 2012 he published a comprehensive report on the situation of Roma and Travellers in Europe stressing that in many European countries they are still denied basic human rights and suffer blatant racism.
In a published letter to the German Chancellor Angela Merkel dating back to 2009, Hammarberg calls for a halt on deportations to Kosovo in particular, saying that those deported there are exposed to political persecution and are forced to live in camps. He repeated this “urgent recommendation” one year later in a letter to the then German Federal Minister of the Interior, Thomas de Mazière. A special committee organised by Hammarberg described a Roma camp in Kosovo as “a humanitarian catastrophe”. The Human Rights Commissioner also heavily criticised France’s mass deportation of Roma in 2010.
For his resilience and passion in the question of Roma rights, Thomas Hammarberg has been honoured by the Documentation and Cultural Centre and the Central Council of German Sinti and Roma and the Manfred Lautenschlaeger Foundation with the European Civil Rights Prize of the Sinti and Roma in Berlin on 3 April 2012.
Publications.
Hammarberg has published widely on various human rights issues, and particularly on the rights of the child, refugee policy, minority issues, xenophobia, islamophobia, Roma rights, LGBT rights in Europe as well as international affairs and security. He is also well known for his presentations and lectures on human rights at various intergovernmental and academic institutions. As Commissioner he has published a series of "Viewpoint" articles on human rights issues in Europe on the institution's website. He regularly publishes comments focusing on main human rights issues. 
During his mandate as Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights, Thomas Hammarberg has visited and published reports about almost all of the Council of Europe 47 member states.

</doc>
<doc id="2843723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843723" title="William of Saliceto">
William of Saliceto

Guglielmo da Saliceto(Cadeo 1210–1277) in Latin Guilielmus de Saliceto, also called William of Saliceto and Guillaume de Salicet, was an Italian surgeon and cleric in Lombardy.
He broke tradition with Galen by claiming that pus formation was bad for wounds and for the patient. He was a professor at the University of Bologna. In 1275 he wrote "Chirurgia" which promoted the use of a surgical knife over cauterizing. He also was the author of "Summa conservationis et curationis" on hygiene and therapy. Lanfranc of Milan was a pupil who brought William's methods into France. William gave lectures on the importance of regular bathing for infants, and special care for the hygiene of pregnant women.

</doc>
<doc id="2843727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843727" title="Turby wind turbine">
Turby wind turbine

The Turby is a brand of vertical-axis Darrieus wind turbine. The three vertical aerofoil blades have a helical twist of 60 degrees, similar to Gorlov's water turbines .
The turbine consists of three vertical symmetrical airfoil blades, each having a helical twist. The helical feature spreads the torque evenly over the entire revolution, thus preventing the destructive pulsations of the straight-bladed giromill (Darrieus turbine). The wind pushes each blade around on both the windward and leeward sides of the turbine. As with a Darrieus turbine, theoretically, there is no torque on a stationary turbine, due to symmetry of the turbine and of the blades. Starting is achieved by operating the generator as a motor. Torque is caused by a change in the apparent wind direction relative to the moving blades.
Another advantage of the helical twist is that the blades generate torque well from upward-slanting airflow. This is negligible in open country, but tall buildings and cliff faces generate a bow wave which directs airflow up and over them. Turbines mounted on high building rooftops or clifftops are exposed to significantly slanting flow, and the Turby can extract more useful energy from it than a propeller-type turbine can because horizontal axis (HAWT) types cannot change their pitch to face the wind directly.
The turbine measures 2.0m (6'7") in diameter by 2.9m (9'6") high (including generator), and weighs 136 kg (300 lb). It is specified to generate power in winds of between 4 m/s (9 mph, 7.8kts) and 14 m/s (31 mph, 27.2kts), and can survive winds of 55 m/s (123 mph, 107kts). The rated power at 14 m/s is 2.5 kW (3.35 hp). The AC output from the synchronous generator is rectified to DC, then inverted to AC at 230V 50 Hz.
Core International developed the turbine in the Netherlands with research input from the Delft University of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2843732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843732" title="KBCO">
KBCO

KBCO (97.3 FM) is a AAA radio station licensed to Boulder, Colorado, United States, that serves the Denver-Boulder area. The station's format, dubbed "World Class Rock," is an eclectic variety of pop, rock, blues, reggae and folk, from the late-1960s to the present.
The Clear Channel Communications outlet broadcasts with an effective radiated power of 100 kW. KBCO's studios are no longer located in Boulder. They now broadcast out of the Clear Channel broadcast facility in south Denver. The transmitter is located southwest of Eldorado Springs, Colorado, at the top of Eldorado Mountain at an elevation of 8,400 feet above sea level, or 469 meters above average terrain.
Scott Arbough, who started as a part-time DJ at KBCO in 1985, is the current Program Director.
KBCO can also be heard via translator K232AC (94.3 FM) located west of Denver in Summit County on Baldy Mountain.
History.
KBCO, whose slogan is "World Class Rock," has been in the adult rock format since its sign on in June 1977. The format on the station was derived in part from Boulder station KADE (1190 AM) which had gone on the air in 1973. KADE was purchased in 1975 by Bob Greenlee. Two years later Greenlee also purchased FM station KRNW, which then became KBCO. The original studio was located in an office complex at 1900 Folsom Street. The station's original transmitter was located on a tower atop Lee Hill with a low-power 610 watt signal. Bob Greenlee worked with consulting engineers and petitioned the FCC to increase the power to its current 100,000 watt signal.
The original format was co-designed by Dennis Constantine and Randy Morrison (formerly of KBPI Denver and WLS-fm/WDAI Chicago; he had also designed the format for KADE). At launch the airstaff included Dennis Constantine, the station's original program director, in the mornings; Bob Lynch overnight, Music Director Judy McNutt and production director Richard Ray. Jon Steele hosted 6-10 in the evenings.
The freedom allowed to the airstaff in the early days bred exceptional creativity. The station produced an award winning series of yearly broadcasts, collectively known as "Intervention Day: Planet Earth's Premier Holiday." Intervention Day broadcasts were set in the future and celebrated the day the Inter-Galactic Community intervened to prevent Earth's leaders from destroying the planet. Celebrations were marked by music from the time prior intervention day. The broadcasts won the 1987 International Radio Festival of New York "Grand Award for Best Entertainment Program of the Year". World-wide competition included ABC, National Public Radio, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the BBC.
Greenlee moved KADE and KBCO to a state of the art studio complex at 4801 Riverbend Road in East Boulder and then sold the stations to Noble Broadcasting in 1987. During this time of KBCO's history, deejays selected the songs to play on their own shows from a broad music library.
In 1982, KBCO was the first station in Colorado to play music from CDs. In a partnership with local audio retailer Listen Up, CDs and playback equipment were shipped in from Japan.
KBCO has occasionally been rated #1 in the Denver-Boulder Arbitron ratings with overall listeners 12+, the first time in 1988. KBCO is often rated #1 with its target audience 25–54 year old adults. The station's sale to Clear Channel in the mid-1990s has resulted in a tightening of the formerly unpredictable format, and KBCO DJs no longer have control over any of the tracks they play except during special features. Music played on the air is chosen by the station's programming staff.
In 1988, KBCO Studio C was created by Production Director Tom Koetting with a performance by Melissa Etheridge in a small cramped production studio. The studio has since upgraded, and many artists in Colorado for a concert tour or promotion tour stop by to play live on the radio. The station releases a CD every year in late November or early December with the best or most memorable Studio C performances. The CDs, titled "KBCO Studio C" followed by the volume number, sell out in a matter of hours and all proceeds from the album are donated to charity. Two retrospective CDs have been released combining the best of the previous CDs and a couple of unreleased songs.
KBCO carries the noncommercial show Etown every Sunday. The show, hosted by Nick and Helen Forster, originates from Boulder and features live performances and an emphasis on environmental issues.
HD Radio.
In 2005, KBCO received an experimental permit from the FCC and became the first FM radio station in the state of Colorado to implement "Multicasting" a second program channel using the Ibquity Digital HD system. The station debuted a HD sub-channel playing only songs recorded in Studio C. The Studio C Channel is also available on KBCO's web site, along with the New Music Channel, an Internet channel playing 100% new releases.

</doc>
<doc id="2843733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843733" title="Bass River (Victoria)">
Bass River (Victoria)

The Bass River, a perennial river of the Western Port catchment, is located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Location and features.
The Bass River rises below the locale of Woodleigh, west of the South Gippsland Highway, with its headwaters drawn from the Strzelecki Ranges, north of the town of . The river flows generally south by west, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its river mouth and emptying into the Western Port, west of the town of within the Bass Coast Shire. The river descends over its combined course.
The river is traversed by the Bass Highway near the town of Bass.
Etymology.
In the Australian Aboriginal Boonwurrung language the river is given two names, Weandon yallock, with "yallock" meaning "river" or creek"; and Tullungurn, with no defined meeting.
The river is named in honour of George Bass, who discovered the river and surrounding area in January 1798 on his 'whaleboat' expedition of the southeast coast of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="2843744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843744" title="Houston Heights">
Houston Heights

Houston Heights (often referred to simply as "The Heights") is a community located in northwest-central Houston, Texas, United States. "The Heights" is often referred to colloquially to describe a larger collection of neighborhoods adjacent to and including the actual Houston Heights. However, Houston Heights has its own history, distinct from Norhill and Woodland Heights.
History.
By 1891 millionaire Oscar Martin Carter and a group of investors established the Omaha and South Texas Land Company. The company purchased of land and established infrastructure, including alleys, parks, schools, streets and utilities, worth $500,000 United States dollars. When Houston Heights was founded, it was a streetcar suburb of Houston which attracted people who did not wish to live in the dense city. It had its own municipality until the City of Houston annexed the Heights in 1919.
After World War II industrial interests moved into the Houston Heights. Marilyn Bardsley of "Crime Library" stated that the Houston Heights became "decrepit" and "tired" after World War II.In the 1970s the Houston Heights was considered to be a low income area of the city. On December 13, 1970 Dean Corll began luring and killing children from the Houston Heights as part of the Houston Child Murders. For most of the period of his crime spree, Corll lived in or close to Houston Heights as his two teenage accomplices resided there. Other teens from the area were targeted simply because the two teens knew many of them which made it easier to entice them to Corll's various residences during the period.
From the 1980 U.S. Census to the 1990 Census, the population of the Houston Heights declined by more than 1,000 people per square mile. The Houston Heights Association opened in 1973.
Since the 1990s, and similar to other parts of Houston inside the 610 Loop, the Heights has experienced gentrification, a process ongoing to this day, as young highly paid professionals (many of whom work in Downtown Houston) have flocked to the area, purchasing and renovating some of the historic homes (and demolishing some of them to build newer, upscale housing, much to the dismay of neighborhood preservationists). Upscale boutiques and restaurants have opened in the area, giving the streetscape an appearance not too much unlike Bellaire, Lower Westheimer or Upper Kirby.
The former fire station at 12th Street at Yale Street was constructed as Houston Heights' city hall and jail, and fire station in 1914. After annexation, it served as a city of Houston fire station from 1918 until 1995. The Houston Heights Association took a 30-year lease on the property from the city and refurbished the property. By December 2009 the former city hall was for sale.
In 2013 "CNN Money" ranked the Houston Heights as no. 4 in its Top 10 big city neighborhoods ranking.
Cityscape.
The Houston Heights, one of the earliest planned communities in Texas, is located northwest of Downtown Houston. A "National Geographic" article says "stroll the area's broad, tree-canopied esplanades and side streets dotted with homes dating from the early 1900s and you may think you've landed in a small town." John Nova Lomax said that the Heights, which he describes as "Houston's own mini-Austin," had many "low-key" restaurants and beer gardens. The Houston Heights Association describes the Heights as being bounded by Interstate 10 on the south, North Shepherd Drive on the west, Interstate 610 on the north and both North Main and Studewood Streets on the east.
According to a study of the University of Houston Institute of Regional Forecasting and Crawford Realty Advisors, from 2002 to 2003 prices of single family houses appreciated by 8.7 percent. Anjali Athavalley said "estate agents say most houses there costing less than $200,000 need serious work" and "[buying a single-family house in the Houston Heights, for example, is getting expensive."
In 1976 James Conaway of the "Texas Monthly" described the Heights as a "seedy, lower-middle-class enclave with horizons limited to once-fashionable homes divided into low-rent apartments, and guarded by pickups on concrete blocks."
Government and infrastructure.
Local government.
By 2000 Houston Heights community retained its prohibition of the sale of alcoholic beverages. The Houston Heights passed a prohibition on alcoholic beverages in 1912, and the annexation agreement followed by the City of Houston stipulates that much of the Heights must retain the ban on alcoholic beverages. Many restaurants in the zone got around the ordinance by forming private clubs that patrons may join so that the patrons can order alcoholic beverages.
The Houston Fire Department operates Station 15 Heights in the Northside district, near the Houston Heights. It is a part of Fire District 6. Fire Station 15 moved to Houston Avenue and North Main in 1918 and North Main at Tabor in 1942. The current station at Dunbar and North Main opened in 1999.
The Houston Police Department's Central Patrol Division serves the neighborhood. The Heights Storefront is located at 910 North Durham.
As of 2011 most of the Heights is a part of Houston City Council District C, while a portion is in District H. Because of the inclusion of the Heights, Montrose, and Rice University areas, it has the nickname "Hipstrict" for what Chris Moran of the "Houston Chronicle" refers to as its "progressive, urban ethic." Before the 2011 redistricting, District H included all of the Houston Heights. H was mostly Hispanic, but because of the inclusion of the Houston Heights, it was becoming increasingly non-Hispanic White. Around 2011 an earlier plan would have combined the Heights and Montrose under a district called District J.
In a 1989 "Houston Chronicle" article Alan Bernstein described political support for Jim Westmoreland, an incumbent in an at-large position, in the Houston Heights as "relatively weak." In one precinct 49.4 percent of the voting residents voted for him. Westmoreland drew controversy after reports of a joke that was characterized as "racist" spread. Beverley Clark, the opponent and a Black teacher, defeated Westmoreland in that race. Bernstein said that the significant racial minority groups and the "social tolerance" trait may have contributed to backlash against Bernstein. In a 1989 "Houston Chronicle" article, Randy Cypret, the president of the Houston Heights Association, said that the split vote from the Houston Heights may reflect the ethnic division. Cypret added that opposition may have stemmed from Westmoreland's lack of political presence in the Houston Heights and a lack of advocacy for zoning-related issues. Cypret said that he opposed Westmoreland because of "the fact that he considers being on the city council a part-time job. In the fourth largest city in the country, you should take your job more seriously."
County, state, and federal representation.
The area United States Postal Service office is the Heights Post Office at 1050 Yale Street.
Demographics.
The paper "Houston Heights" by Carolee Gearheart of the Aspen Systems Corporation - Housing Research Group and three University of Houston professors describe the Houston Heights as having a "diverse population." A "National Geographic" article said that the Houston Heights "is said to be home to the highest concentration of professional artists" in Texas.
According to the 2000 census, the current population of the Super Neighborhood #15 Greater Heights, which includes the Houston Heights and several surrounding subdivisions [http://www.houstonheights.org/map.htm, is 41,486.
Age Breakdown.
This is the age breakdown of Super Neighborhood #15 Greater Heights.
Transportation.
Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County, Texas (METRO) operates the Heights Transit Center.
Bike Trails :
The MKT/SP Trail is a Rails-to-Trails conversion project of 4.62 miles made up of a 10-foot wide, concrete, multi-use hike and bike trail along the old Missouri, Kansas, Texas Southern Pacific railroad right-of-way.
The trail runs from 26th Street to 7th Street along Nicholson, and from Shepherd along 7th Street, to Spring Street, across White Oak Bayou, and under I-45, where it connects to the Heritage Corridor West Trail providing a connection to the University of Houston and other downtown bikeways and destinations.
Culture.
A "National Geographic Traveler" article stated that the Houston Heights "maintains a quirky sense of individuality" and "flourishes as a destination for foodies, architecture buffs, and creative types."
The 1998 film Rushmore starring Bill Murray, directed by Wes Anderson, filmed a Barbershop scene at Doug's Barbershop on 11th street.
Media.
The "Houston Chronicle" is the citywide newspaper.
The headquarters of "Houstonia" magazine are in the Houston Heights.
Education.
Colleges and universities.
Houston Community College provides community college services.
The Gulf Coast Bible College was located in the Houston Heights. While it was there, it tried to form its own campus by buying and tearing down houses. In 1984 the college announced it was moving to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. In June 1985 the college moved. In August of that year the college was still trying to sell the Houston Heights campus.
Primary and secondary schools.
The Heights is served by Houston Independent School District (HISD). It is in Trustee District I, represented by Natasha Kamrani as of 2009. HISD's Central Region offices were located in the Houston Heights in the former Holden Elementary building. Prior to Houston ISD's 2005 reorganization, the North Central District was headquartered in the Cooley Facility in the Heights.
Elementary schools that serve portions of the Houston Heights include Crockett, Field, Harvard, Helms Community Learning Center, Love, and Sinclair. Middle schools that serve portions of the Houston Heights include Hamilton and Hogg. High schools that serve portions of the Houston Heights include Reagan High School and Waltrip High School. The Energy Institute High School, a magnet school, opened in the former Holden Elementary building in 2013.
In 2001 Field Elementary had 52% of its population declared by the state as "at risk," 94% qualifying for free or reduced lunches, and 42% speaking limited English.
Two state charter schools are located in the Heights; they are: Houston Heights Learning Academy and Houston Heights High School. Three private schools, a K-9 school called [http://www.newschoolheights.org/about.cfm The New School in the Heights, Immanuel Lutheran Church and School (K-8) and Houston Outdoor Learning Academy, a 6-12 private school, are in the Houston Heights.
As of 2011 two teachers, Leeanne DiLabio and Mary Ellen Aylward Wolf, are planning to open Po'no Ragazzi International Academy, a proposed private school; the Shepherd Drive United Methodist Church had given them permission to purchase their building.
History of schools in the Houston Heights.
The first elementary school to open in the Houston Heights was Cooley Elementary School, which opened in 1894. Harvard Elementary School opened in 1898. Crockett opened in 1912. In 1914, a businessman donated land for a new elementary school, which became Love Elementary School. Helms Elementary School opened in 1918. Within the Heights, the city's budget became increasingly less able to support the educational needs of the city's population. This influenced the decision to allow the City of Houston to annex the Houston Heights.
Houston Heights Senior High School opened in 1919. Harvard became a part of Houston ISD in 1921 and Love moved to its current location in 1923. In 1925 Heights High School became Hamilton High School. In 1926 Love received a new campus, Hogg opened, and Reagan opened; Hamilton became a junior high school that year. Field opened in February 1929. Sinclair and Waltrip opened in 1959. During the same year, Twenty-Third Street Elementary School in the Houston Heights received fire damage, so it closed. In 1960 Holden Elementary School opened on the site of the former Twenty-Third Street Elementary School. In 1965, Cooley was renovated.
Crockett received a new campus in 1980; during the same year, Cooley closed. Shortly afterwards HISD began housing offices in the Cooley building. In 1997 a small portion of the Houston Heights was rezoned to Waltrip. In 2001 Helms received its current name. Holden closed in May 2004 and students were rezoned to Sinclair and Helms; at the time 52% of students zoned to Holden were enrolled in Holden. Eighth Avenue Elementary School, which served a portion of the Houston Heights, closed after the HISD board voted to close it in 2004. Students were rezoned to Love Elementary.
The building at the Cooley site served as the headquarters of HISD's alternative certification program until 2010. In August 2010 HISD sold the site, with over , to Sullivan Brothers Builders. It was demolished later in 2010; residential houses will replace the former school. In 2011 the HISD board approved the creation of a Mandarin Chinese-language immersion magnet school in the former Holden Elementary. As of January 2012, the plans changed, and now the Mandarin Chinese Language Immersion Magnet School was to open in Bellaire.
Public libraries.
The Heights Neighborhood Library of the Houston Public Library is located at 1302 Heights Boulevard. The blaxploitation film "Sugar Hill" (1974) depicted the library as the "Voodoo Museum of Natural History."
Parks and recreation.
The City of Houston operates parks within and around the Houston Heights. The Heights Boulevard Park is located at 100-1900 Heights Boulevard. Milroy Park and Community Center has a playground and lighted tennis courts. Love Park and Community Center are adjacent to the Houston Heights. Love Park has an outdoor basketball pavilion, a hike and bicycle trail, a playground, a lighted sports field, and a swimming pool. Love Community Center has an indoor gymnasium, meeting rooms, and a weight room. In addition the Houston Heights World War II Memorial is located in the Heights.
The Heights is the locale of Houston's White Linen Night, held annually in late July or early August.
Community Information.
The Houston Heights Association was organized in 1973 by residents and business owners to work together toward maintaining the quality of life and preserving the historic character of the community.
The association owns several properties, one of which is Marmion Park, which is at the original location of the Cooley mansion, one of the first houses built in Houston Heights. The house was demolished in 1965. The land was purchased in 1979 by the Houston Heights Association for the purpose of constructing Marmion Park, named in honor of the last mayor of Houston Heights, J. B. Marmion.
The Houston Heights Woman's Club was founded in 1900, and constructed its own club building in 1912, which is still in use. Members were active in the suffrage movement, and later, during both World Wars volunteered the club for use by the Red Cross. Today the club volunteers in efforts to improve the Heights neighborhood, in particular mentoring children and assisting the elderly. 
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Houston Heights has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="2843749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843749" title="Kanshu Sunadomari">
Kanshu Sunadomari

Kanshū Sunadomari (Kanji: 砂泊 諴秀 Hiragana: すなどまり かんしゅう 1923 – November 13, 2010) was a Japanese aikido teacher who was an uchideshi to the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba. He founded the aikido style Manseikan Aikido.
Biography.
He was born kobuke Kagoshima Prefecture on the island of Kikaiga-shima (or Kikaijima), Japan and in his teens became an uchideshi of Morihei Ueshiba, the founder of aikido. His live-in apprenticeship under the founder took place during World War II, and he also spent a brief period at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo after the war. On October 23, 1953 he gave the first public demonstration of aikido in Kyūshū. The following January he opened up the Manseikan dojo (万生館) on the premises of the Tettori Shrine (手取神社） in the heart of Kumamoto City. His aikido spread throughout Kyūshū to cities such as Fukuoka, Kagoshima, Nagasaki, and Miyazaki. During this time, the number of practitioners rose to over 20,000 with over 3,000 people reaching the level of black belt. 
In 1961, at the age of 38, Sunadomari received the rank of 9th . Sunadomari dedicated himself to the teaching of aikido in Kyūshū while based in Kumamoto.
Sunadomari comes from a family of devout believers in Ōmoto, the religion on which Ueshiba based the spiritual underpinnings of aikido, and the Sunadomari family maintained a close relationship with the founder until his death. Kanemoto Sunadomari (elder brother of Kanshu) studied under the founder in the early 1930s and published the first biography of the Founder in 1969 entitled "Aikido Kaiso Morihei Ueshiba". A newer version of this book was later published under the title "Bu no Shinjin". Fukiko (Mitsue) Sunadomari (elder sister of Kanshu) was a close personal confidante of the founder until his death and was also a high ranking practitioner of aikido.
After Ueshiba's death in 1969, Sunadomari founded his own independent style in Kumamoto City and began his further study of the spirit of aikido. In 1999, he renamed his style Aiki Manseido (合氣万生道) symbolizing his conviction to help spread world peace by transmitting the spirit of the founder across the world through physical technique. The "do" in Manseido is the same as in Aikido, referring to "the way", rather than the "kan" in Manseikan that can be translated as mansion or castle. Manseido translates as "the way of giving life to all things" or "the way for all people." On January 11, 2008, Sunadomari chose to return to using the name Manseikan Aikido (万生館合氣道) to pay homage to the Founder and to re-emphasize his organization's dedication to the study and manifestation of the Founder's philosophy.
Practitioners of his style recite the Spirit of Aikido (合氣道の精神) before beginning each practice : "Aiki is Love... it is through the spirit of protective love for all things that we perfect our life's mission... ". Practice in Manseikan Aikido consists of a set of flowing warm-up excersises (準備運動), a number of paired movements that train both body movement ("taisabaki", 体裁き) and breath-power(呼吸力), practice of basic technique ("kihon waza", 基本技), as well as paired warm-down exercises ("sei no undo", 背の運動). Training is further supplemented with practice using the wooden sword ("bokken",木剣)　and staff ("jō ",杖). Sunadomari is known for his emphasis on "kokyu ryoku" (breath power; 呼吸力) and his extremely soft and powerful technique. He is widely acclaimed for his dynamic performance in the First Friendship Demonstration which was held in Tokyo in 1985 and became one of the most famous modern aikido demonstrations captured on film. He has written several books, most of which have never been translated from their original Japanese. In 2004, his book "Enlightenment through Aikido" ("Aikido de Satoru", 合気道で悟る) became the first to be released in English translation.

</doc>
<doc id="2843754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843754" title="The Mystery of the Fire Dragon">
The Mystery of the Fire Dragon

The Mystery of the Fire Dragon is the thirty-eighth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene, and was first published in 1961.
Plot summary.
Nancy Drew is called to New York by her Aunt Eloise to solve a missing-person case. The granddaughter of her elderly Chinese author neighbor, Mr. Soong, has been kidnapped. The search is on, first by disguising Nancy's friend George Fayne as the missing Chi Che, and then pursuing a lead at Chi Che's place of employment, a book store, where Nancy encounters its suspicious owner, Mr Stromberg.
Nancy decides to visit the store again but as she goes along the sidewalk, Nancy is knocked-out by a falling vase which hits her on the head.
While Nancy is unconscious, Bess and George take up the mystery and a red haired man is quickly arrested.
A series of clues lead the girls to Hong Kong, where Nancy's boyfriend, Ned Nickerson, joins the action. Nancy foolishly follows "Chi Che" on board a plane, and is herself kidnapped. Ingenious Nancy uses her lipstick to signal for help on the plane windows. After her rescue, she follows more clues to an international smuggling ring, and, utilizing a disguised George once again, forces the thieves out of hiding and has the chance to finally locate the missing girl.
Production.
This is the final volume in the series to be issued with a dust jacket. Subsequent volumes integrated the artwork directly into the covers.

</doc>
<doc id="2843760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843760" title="Mermaid's Avenue">
Mermaid's Avenue

"Mermaid's Avenue" is a song written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie. In 1943, Guthrie moved his family to 3520 Mermaid Avenue, Coney Island, New York. The song is named after this street. There, Guthrie was an active participant in the thriving cultural and political scene of Brooklyn's Jewish community. The song's title later served as the project title for the Wilco and Billy Bragg album "Mermaid Avenue"; a cover version by the New York-based klezmer band The Klezmatics is included on their 2006 album "Wonder Wheel".
The lyrics describe Guthrie's vision of America in microcosm. All sorts of unlikely comings and goings transpire, with meetings between unlikely characters. The scene, although fervent, is not always pretty, leading him to wonder in the song's refrain, "Why they call it Mermaid Avenue, that’s more than I can see."

</doc>
<doc id="2843763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843763" title="Flamingo Fortune">
Flamingo Fortune

("Million Dollar") Flamingo Fortune is an American game show for the Florida Lottery that aired from 1995–1999. It was originally produced by Mark Goodson Productions, at the time also producing game shows for state lotteries alongside his regular game shows. After the first five shows, production was transferred to Jonathan Goodson Productions (long discussed as the first solo production for JGP), after All American Television (which acquired Mark Goodson's company a few weeks earlier) spun out their lottery game shows to Mark Goodson's son, Jonathan Goodson. Production would later transfer to Columbia TriStar Television and Game Show Network from 1997 to 1999. The program was taped at Universal Studios Florida near Orlando, Florida.
The show's original announcer was Rich Fields. Rich was the announcer on "Flamingo Fortune" for three seasons and filled in as host on at least one occasion.
The original hosts were JD Roberto and Heather Alexander, who were replaced after the first season by the team of Michael Young (formerly of the ABC series "Kids Are People Too") and Lisa Stahl-Sullivan (a former model on the 1994 syndicated version of "The Price is Right").
The "Flamingo Fortune" name was later used for a series of scratch-off games introduced by the lottery in 2013.
Rules (1995–1997).
Thirty contestants were in the contestant pool, all selected from those who sent in losing scratch-off lottery tickets. Alexander/Stahl would spin a wheel that was hooked to a randomizer. When the wheel stopped, the player selected would play a game, in addition to winning a set of lottery tickets. 
Beach Ball.
12 sandcastles were placed on a rotating platform. An apparatus with the beach ball was nearby. 
The contestant would turn his/her back to the platform and pull a lever to release the beach ball. The ball would swing through the platform 6 times, knocking over the sandcastles. Each sandcastle remaining after one round was worth $1,000 - each one remaining after round two was worth an additional $2,000.
The contestant could stop at this point or opt for one more round of six swings. Three sandcastles were placed on the platform, or if there were more than 3 still standing after round two, they were simply left alone. If at least three were left standing after this round, the contestant's winnings would be doubled. Otherwise, the contestant would lose half of his/her winnings. Maximum payoff is $72,000.
Grand Prix.
Contestants were shown a board with 3 racecars - red, yellow, and blue. They were then shown a board of 12 numbered boxes, and asked to call out numbers, one at a time. Finding three of a color ended up the game and awarded the contestant a cash prize -- $5,000 (for red), $25,000 (for yellow), or a cash prize of up to $100,000 (for blue). If blue reached the goal first, the contestant would choose from one of four letters (A, B, C, D), each of which hid a different cash amount (two each of $50,000 and $100,000).
Splashdown.
The player faces a board of 18 numbered rods, split into three rows (1-4 on top, 5-10 in the middle, and 11-18 on the bottom), each holding up a colored ball. Rods 1-4 held up two red's and a green, the rest held yellow balls. The player draws a number, and that number's rod gets removed from the playfield. 
If a yellow ball splashes down into the water, the player wins $10,000. If no balls splash down, the player wins $1,000. 
The only way the game ends (besides the player saying "I'll stop") is if a red ball or a green ball splashes down. If the red ball splashes down, either by itself or with other colored balls - even the green one - the player loses half their winnings. If the green ball splashes down with no red ball, the player's total is bumped to $100,000.
Steeple Chase.
In the first round, the player set six balls - four gold, two black - down a track of ramps. The balls could split up and collide until they reached the bottom of the track and crossed the finish line. If a black ball finished first, the player won $5,000; if a red ball finished first, the player got $10,000.
For the second round, there were four gold and four black balls used. A black ball winning the race earned the player $5,000 more, while a gold ball won $25,000. After the third round, the player could either play the third round with three gold and four black balls, or with six gold and three black balls. The second set, however, would cost the player half his/her winnings at that point. A black ball coming in first added nothing, a gold ball finishing first added $50,000, but if the gold balls came in first, second, and third, the player won $100,000.
Freefall.
The contestant pulls a lever that will launch a ping pong ball to the top of the board, through swinging paddles, through a series of pegs, and into one of eight slots at the bottom of the board. Landing in an empty slot was worth $5,000. Each empty slot accumulated an additional $5,000. If a ping pong ball landed in a slot that was already occupied, he/she would be issued a strike.
After two strikes, the contestant could stop and take their winnings, or opt for another pull. If a ping pong ball landed in an empty slot, the contestant would have his/her money doubled, and would be offered another pull. If the contestant earned their third strike, they would lose half of their winnings. Play would continue until all eight slots are filled, a third strike is issued, or the contestant chose to stop. The theoretical maximum payoff is $640,000, but this would require that each of a contestant's first three balls land in the same slot, followed by each following ball landing in a new slot. The odds of this happening were approximately 1 in 213,044.
This game originated from the Illinois Lottery game show Illinois Instant Riches, but under the name "Double Dollars." It later adapted a game called "Freefall" with different rules.
Treasure Island.
This is the final round, utilizing returning champions from previous weeks. The "trapper" (returning champion) would stand at the end of a path behind a keypad with three buttons and a red button. The "trappee" (opponent) stood at the front of the path, with 8 spaces between the two. The first 5 steps were numbered 1-5, the last three had cash prizes.
The opponent could take up to three steps at a time, but the champion was charged with predicting which step the opponent would pick (referred to as "locking in a booby-trap," at which three blue lights would flash and a "typewriter" sound effect occurred). After the opponent took his/her position (at which the lights would turn off except the step chosen, accompanied by a G-note bell), the host would ask the champion to "spring the trap" (press the red button). If the opponent dodged the "trap", the game would continue. If not, the opponent had to return to their original position. Each step had a blue light that would turn to a flashing red (accompanied by an "explosion" sound effect) whenever the booby-trap was sprung. If the player avoided the trap, the blue light flashed (accompanied by a "harp" sound effect), and the red light would light up where the booby-trap was placed.
Opponents won and took over the championship if they landed on one of the last three spaces on the path—the first was worth $10,000, the second worth $25,000, and the last marked "Treasure Chest". If the opponent ended on this space, he/she could pick from a chest of coins worth from $50,000 to $500,000. The $500,000 was won at least once.
If the champion successfully "trapped" the newcomer twice, the game ended with the champion winning an additional $25,000.
Rules (1997–1999).
On October 11, 1997 (the date Sony assumed production), the format was revamped, adding new games, and giving players a chance to win up to $1,000,000 prior to playing the game.
The contestant wheel was revamped; all thirty names were on the wheel, and increasing cash prizes were on the edge of the wheel. Stahl would spin the wheel, and one of the cash prizes would land on a name. Stahl would then throw balls into the center of the wheel; these balls would land in slots by each name. If one of those balls landed in a slot belonging to the name attached to the money, they would automatically win that money on the spot.
The first game has values of $10K, $25K, and $50K. The second doubles the top prize to $100,000. The third game increases the top prize to $1,000,000. The values for the first two games were selected at random prior to the show and during a commercial break. The $1,000,000 grand prize was won at least twice.
Formats for most games were carried over to the California Lottery's Make Me a Millionaire.
Flamingo Diceway.
Four contestants vied for a new car. They were given the first number of the car for free, then had to roll the next numbers by launching 6 numbered dice with using a catapult. If the next number landed face up when the dice settled, they were credited with that number. Rolling all four numbers won the car; a miss at any point ended the game for that player, and awarded them $500 for each correct number rolled (including the first number).
Break the Piggy Bank.
Two players competed. The game offers two rounds, but only the first-round winner gets the option of continuing to the second round.
In the first round, each player begins with $1,000 and gets up to five turns to add to it. The players alternate in choosing from a set of ten piggy banks. When chosen, a piggy bank is opened to reveal its contents and remove it from further play. Seven of the piggy banks have amounts ranging from $1,000 to $20,000. The other three have the word "Oink". Players accumulate values until one of the players has chosen two "Oink"'s. That player leaves with half of his or her accumulated amount, or $500 if they hit two "Oink"'s on their first two turns. The other player receives a $5,000 bonus and the option to leave with the accumulated winnings or go to the second round. In the second round, the player chooses one piggy bank out of five. Three of those piggy banks will halve the player's winnings, but the other two will either double or triple the winnings.
Florida's Famous.
Florida's Famous is a one-player game with up to four rounds and cash prizes ranging from $4,000 to $160,000. In each round, the player picks a number from one to five, to reveal a statement about Florida. The player gains money only when the choice reveals a true statement. After each round, the player may leave with the accumulated winnings or continue to the next round.
In the first round, the player wins $4,000 for each choice that reveals a true statement. The round begins with one play in which all five statements are true, ensuring a win. The game is reset with one false and four true statements, and the round continues until the player picks the false statement. At the end of the first round, the player's accumulated winnings may range from $4,000 to $20,000.
For the remaining rounds, the payoff is either a doubling (for a true statement) or halving (for a false statement) of the winnings, with one play per round; a false statement also ends the game. Round 2 has one false statement; another false statement is added in each successive round, so that there are only two true statements in round 4. A player who wins round 4 will have doubled the first-round winnings three times, resulting in total accumulated winnings ranging from $32,000 to $160,000.
Florida's Jackpot.
For the final game, the remaining 23 players each drew a playing card from a deck during the final commercial break. Stahl drew a card from a duplicate deck, and the player holding that card got to play the final game. The player faces a board of eight cards, each under a letter in the word "FLORIDA's". After selecting the first card, which is then turned over, then another card, the player must guess whether the next card is higher or lower than the previous one (like those on Card Sharks). Two wrong calls ends the game, but seven correct guesses wins a jackpot starting at $50,000 and increasing by $5,000 each week until it's won. The player won $2,000 for every correct guess if unsuccessful.

</doc>
<doc id="2843764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843764" title="Deportes Telemundo">
Deportes Telemundo

Deportes Telemundo is a division of United States television network, Telemundo. It operates as a division of the NBC Sports Group.
Overview.
The division is led by the Senior Executive Vice President of Sports, Jorge Hidalgo. The Vice President of Sports and for all operations for the department is Eli Velazquez. The Sports Director is Roberto Pardo. Claudio Prizont is the Editorial Director and Christopher Suarez-Meyers is the Production Manager.
On-air talent.
The department boasts the finest on-air talent in Spanish language broadcasting. Beginning with the most recognizable voice of association football in the United States and Emmy award winning sports announcer, Andres Cantor, his colleague of many years and also an Emmy award recipient, Jessi Losada, and rounding out the talent pool, Rene Giraldo, Edgar Lopez, Leti Coo, Karim Mendiburu and Sammy Sadovnik.
Notable properties.
The department produces several properties including "Rumbo Al Mundial", "Futbol Estelar", "Sabado De Futbol", "Futbol Telemundo", "Titulares Telemundo", "Titulares Y Mas", "Ritmo Deportivo" and "Boxeo Telemundo". It also produces several specials, such as "Balon De Oro", "NFL Kickoff 2007", "Tazon Latino", "Pepsi Musica Super Bowl Fiesta".

</doc>
<doc id="2843766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843766" title="Dan Rutherford">
Dan Rutherford

Dan Rutherford is the Illinois Treasurer. He served as a Republican member of the Illinois Senate, representing the 53rd district, from 2003 to 2011, and in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1993 to 2003.
Early life and education.
Rutherford was born in Pontiac, Illinois. During elementary and high school Dan Rutherford worked at his parent’s pizza restaurant. and attended Pontiac Township High School. Following high school, Rutherford attended Illinois State University. While at Illinois State University, Rutherford was elected Student Body President.
Business career.
While on a business trip to Japan in 1984, Rutherford became familiar with the ServiceMaster Company. One year later, he joined the Downers Grove, Illinois-headquartered company as an executive. Rutherford eventually became responsible for expansion of the company's businesses internationally, licensing services in Chile, Brazil, Honduras, Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Guam, Venezuela, South Africa, Spain, and a host of other countries. ServiceMaster is a family of service companies with trade names such as ServiceMaster clean, Terminix, Tru-Green Chem Lawn, Merry Maids, American Home Shield, and Rescue Rooter.
Political career.
1980 Reagan campaign.
Dan Rutherford's public service career began following his graduation from Illinois State University as a legislative assistant in Springfield. In the GOP (Republican) Primary of 1980, Rutherford (then 24 years old) coordinated a congressional district for Governor Ronald Reagan's campaign. Rutherford's work in coordinating that congressional district earned recognition from the Reagan National Campaign and he was subsequently tapped to serve as the Executive Director for the 1980 Reagan-Bush campaign.
Illinois General Assembly.
In 1993, Rutherford was elected to the Illinois House of Representatives. Rutherford eventually became Assistant Republican Leader.
Following 10 years of service in that body, in 2002, Rutherford was elected to represent Illinois' 53rd district in the Senate. In the Senate, Rutherford served as the ranking Republican for the Financial Institutions Committee and was a member of the Environment & Energy Committee. Senator Rutherford also served on the bi-partisan Joint Committee on Administrative Rules.
As a lawmaker, Senator Dan Rutherford sponsored and directed legislation which changed the formula for reimbursing nursing homes for care of the elderly. The new system bases rates on the medical needs of the resident, rather than just their geographic location in the state.
Political campaigns.
2006 Illinois Secretary of State campaign.
On September 12, 2005, Rutherford officially announced his campaign for the office of Illinois Secretary of State. Rutherford faced incumbent Democrat Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, of Jesse White Tumbling Team fame, and Green Party candidate Karen Young Peterson, in the November, 2006 election, but lost to Jesse White.
2010 Illinois Treasurer campaign.
Rutherford won the open seat of Illinois Treasurer. Also running were Democratic nominee Robin Kelly, Green Party Party nominee Scott K. Summers and Libertarian nominee James Pauly.
2014 Governor.
On June 2, 2013, Dan Rutherford officially announced his candidacy for Governor of Illinois. His running mate is attorney Steve Kim.
Personal.
Dan Rutherford has never been married. He has crewed in many Chicago-to-Mackinac Island races and is an Advanced Certified Diver. 
Dan Rutherford has traveled to all seven continents.
His favorite food is pizza.

</doc>
<doc id="2843767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843767" title="History of Bulgaria since 1989">
History of Bulgaria since 1989

History of Bulgaria since 1989 is the history of Bulgaria after the fall of socialism and after the establishment of democratic rule.
End of the Communist rule.
The reforms towards liberalization, both social, political and economic in the Eastern Block started with Gorbachev's reform program in the Soviet Union which was felt in Bulgaria in the late 1980s. In fact, the release of tightening started with the end of the Stalinist era and continued slowly to the point that many previously forbidden literary texts were translated, the same was relevant for Hollywood movies, etc., stores appeared with Western products that had elements of advertisement (advertisement of products was generally unknown and not used in the Eastern Bloc since everything was accessible and the same to all), these new features of the late communist years acknowledged the gradual breaking of the Iron Curtain for the Comcon people. This, together with the policies of Gorbachev, led to more freedom and expectations for democracy among people.
In November 1989 demonstrations on ecological issues staged in Sofia, and these soon broadened into a general campaign for political reform. That Communists generally didn't break the demonstrations was a sign of a possible change that would come. In fact communist politicians reacted by eventually voting for the removal Todor Zhivkov as a communist party and country head and replacing him with Petar Mladenov, but this gained them only a short respite in power. In February 1990 the Communist Party, forced by street protests gave up its claim on power and in June 1990 the first free elections since 1931 were held, won by the Bulgarian Socialist Party (the new name of the Communist Party). In July 1991 a new Constitution was adopted, which regulates a representative elected President and a Prime Minister and Cabinet.
Transition.
Like the other post-socialist regimes in eastern Europe, Bulgaria found the transition to capitalism rather painful and not easy as expected. The anti-Communist Union of Democratic Forces (in Bulgarian: "СДС, SDS") took office between 1992 and 1994 to carry through the privatization of agricultural land, properties and industry issuing shares in government enterprises to all citizens, but these were accompanied by massive unemployment as industries was no longer tightened to the broken Comecon and failed in competition of the global market without the participation of Bulgaria to new regional or world trade organizations, at the same time Bulgaria's industry showed to be backward which was amendable but in the hurry of political changes neither government, nor people were ready for industrial modernization. In fact the disbandment of former State security that was tightened to the Communist party (Bulgarian: "ДС, DS") although brought relief to many Bulgarian people previously feared to speak or express other than communist views, at the same time boosted criminality never seen before in Bulgaria. The police were not ready to care about and chase the criminality which was before kept low with the fearful methods of DS. This led to mass stealing of capital, machinery, materials and even furniture from the industry and also institutions. Referring to industry this led to soon failing to work of many factories, etc.
Zhan Videnov's Term.
The Socialists presented their political visions as the defenders of the poor against the excesses of the free market. Reaction against economic reforms appeared because reforms left many unemployed (unemployment was almost not existing before in Bulgaria) and many towns literally was left to drop economically just in months, this allowed Zhan Videnov of the Socialist party to win the 1995 parliamentary elections. Videnov was very young when he stepped in the PM post and his inability to show political strength and his incompetence was soon acknowledged by people surrounding him who took advantage of it for own purposes and personal enrichment. This incompetence and the misguided policies of the Socialist government in all exacerbated the economic conditions. The government was clearly unsupported by Western countries and thus Bulgarian foreign policy seriously suffered, and in 1996 the economy fell into hyperinflation and many banks went bankrupt. In the presidential elections of that year the SDS's Petar Stoyanov was elected. In 1997 the BSP government collapsed after a month of nation-wide protests and government was appointed by the President Stoyanov which coped to calm the economic situation. Later SDS came to power.
Ivan Kostov.
The new Democratic government headed by Ivan Kostov enjoyed strong support and moved Bulgarian economy ahead, but allegations of corruption and inability to cope with some of the serious problems in the country caused frustration. The electorate became to some extend dissatisfied with both parties - BSP and SDS. At that point Stoyanov who still held some good positions and had public approval took part for presidential elections seeking second mandate, but he scandalously failed with a blunder on TV and lost support, and the elections too. The newly elected President, former BSP leader, Georgi Parvanov was not very well known to the public although he was in politics since the early 90s, and was well received for his wise political behavior. Although a BSP candidate he was rather perceived as an independent figure and he also always stated to be president to all Bulgarians without any political reference. At that point with the already dissatisfaction with both parties - BSP and SDS, people were looking for new alternatives and new politicians.
The return of Simeon II.
In 2001, Simeon Saxe-Coburg-Gotha (Bulgarian: Симеон Сакскобурготски, Simeon Saxcoburgotski), who had fled from socialist Bulgaria as a nine-year-old boy in 1946, became Prime Minister of Bulgaria. Several years prior to that, in 1996, he had visited Bulgaria with his family of two princes and a princess and it was then when he announced he would soon come back to his homeland to form a new political party. Several years later, Sakskoburggotski formed the National Movement Simeon II (NDSV) and swept away both major parties in the elections of June 2001 with a landslide victory. As Prime Minister, he followed a strong and strictly pro-western course, as a result of which Bulgaria joined NATO in 2004 and the European Union in 2007. Economic and political conditions visibly improved, although economic growth was not as high as expected and unemployment and emigration remained at relatively high levels. Problematic areas remained corruption, health care, organized crime (though scaled down), and higher education, which all need to be massively reformed.
The Triple Coalition.
At the next parliamentary elections NDSV didn't reach enough votes to form alone a government, in fact BSP gained the largest share of the votes, followed by NDSV. And because none of the parties had enough seats in Parliament to establish a government on its own after more than a month of negotiations initiated by President Parvanov for the forming of coalition government that was needed for the EU joining, a coalition was formed between BSP, NDSV and MRF (Movement for Rights and Freedoms). Although divided by deep ideological and political differences, the three parties were united by a major goal: accomplishing the reforms necessary for joining the European Union in 2007. But ineffective administration and high-level corruption remained serious problems that was limiting the entrance of foreign businesses and entrepreneurs in the country. Additionally Sergai Stanishev's government was caught in his last months by the world financial crisis but denied its existence and refused to initiate steps for protecting Bulgarian economy from it for which he received wide disapproval.
Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria.
In the parliamentary elections in 2009 the center-right party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria (GERB) won, taking 117 seats in the 240-seats Parliament. The Socialists were a distant second, with 39 seats. NDSV coundn't take enough votes to enter Parliament. The new government of Boyko Borisov stated some serious intentions for educational changes for liberation of the system and ability of students to easily choose universities and most important placed the accent on fiscal discipline. In particular, the Ministry of Finance reduced the budget deficit following a policy of administrative reform and privatization. Subsidies to state-owned enterprises in the transport and energy sectors were cut. Deputy Prime Minister Simeon Djankov led a reform team that included the Minister of Infrastructure Rosen Plevneliev, the Minister of Economy Traicho Traikov and the Minister of Environment Nona Karadjova. The government fell in February 2013 after multiple street protests, over wiretapping scandals involving the Minister of the Interior Tsvetan Tsvetanov.

</doc>
<doc id="2843769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843769" title="Temeke District">
Temeke District

Temeke District is the southernmost of three districts in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, with Kinondoni located to the far North of the city, and Ilala being located in the downtown of Dar es Salaam. To the East is the Indian Ocean and to the South and West is the Coastal region of Tanzania. The 2002 Tanzania National Census reports that the population of Temeke District is 768,451.[http://www.tanzania.go.tz/census/census/districts/temeke.htm] The area is 786.5 km².
Wards.
The Temeke District is administratively divided into 3 divisions and 24 wards. The following is a list of Temeke's wards:

</doc>
<doc id="2843770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843770" title="Tim Johnson (baseball)">
Tim Johnson (baseball)

Timothy Evald Johnson (born July 22, 1949) is a former professional baseball player and manager. A shortstop and utility infielder in Major League Baseball from 1973 to 1979, he became better known as a manager when he was caught lying about his service in the Vietnam War.
Playing career.
After signing with the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1967 as a free agent, Johnson was traded to the Milwaukee Brewers for Rick Auerbach prior to the 1973 season while still a minor leaguer. Johnson played everyday for the 1973 Brewers at shortstop, but lost his starting job next season to Robin Yount, thus forcing him to settle in as a utility infielder. He was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays during the 1978 season where he retired a year later with a lifetime .223 batting average in 516 career games.
Scouting, coaching and managerial career.
After retiring as a player, Johnson spent the next 20 years as a scout, coach or minor league manager for the Dodgers, Montreal Expos, Boston Red Sox and Chicago Cubs.
1998 Toronto Blue Jays season.
The Blue Jays named Johnson as their manager for the 1998 season following the firing of Cito Gaston and the interim management of pitching coach Mel Queen. Johnson beat out several higher-profile candidates, most notably Davey Johnson (no relation), Larry Bowa, Paul Molitor and Buck Martinez.
Queen remained on as pitching coach under Johnson and the two reportedly feuded extensively, despite Johnson's reputation as a good communicator. Johnson also had rumoured differences with several of his players, including Pat Hentgen, Ed Sprague, and Cy Young Award winner Roger Clemens, all of whom left the team after the 1998 season.
Despite this lack of chemistry, Johnson guided the 1998 Blue Jays to a respectable third place finish in the AL East with an 88–74 record, just four games out of a tie for the wild card. It was the team's first winning season since they won two World Series in a row in 1992 and 1993.
Vietnam War stories controversy.
This success was partly attributed to the stories Johnson would tell his players about his battle experiences in the Vietnam War. For example, he told Hentgen a story about his war experiences to get him to accept a different place in the pitching rotation.
However, in late November, Johnson told several Toronto newspapers that all of these stories were completely made up. In truth, Johnson had been in the Marine Corps reserves throughout the war, and trained mortarmen at Camp Pendleton while playing in the Dodgers' farm system. He'd also claimed for over 20 years that he'd been an All-American high school basketball player, and turned down a scholarship to attend UCLA.
During the 1998 baseball winter meetings, Johnson said that admitting the truth was like having "a 50,000 pound weight" taken off his shoulders. He said he'd lied because he felt guilty about going to spring training with the Dodgers while many of his friends fought in the war. He entered therapy, and called several of his players to apologize for lying. 
Departure from the Blue Jays.
The Blue Jays were initially willing to stand by Johnson and let him return for 1999. During spring training, he apologized to the entire team, and later said that he didn't seem to detect a credibility problem. However, the next month brought a steady diet of questions about Johnson's credibility, as well as outside attacks (Sprague, for instance, called Johnson a "liar" and a "backstabber"). Finally, on March 17, less than a month before opening day, Blue Jays general manager Gord Ash fired Johnson and replaced him with Jim Fregosi. Ash said that Johnson's presence had become so much of a distraction that he felt he would have to fire Johnson "if not now ... 30 or 45 days from now." He decided that he had to act in order to save the season. In the years since Johnson's one season at the helm, the Blue Jays have never had an equal or better record than Johnson's 88–74 mark.
After MLB.
Following his dismissal from the Blue Jays, Johnson spent seven seasons as manager in the Mexican League, with the Mexico City Diablos Rojos in 1999-2002, Obregon Yaquis in 2002-03 and then with the Mexicali Aguilas in 2004-05.
In 2003, Johnson became manager of the Lincoln Saltdogs of the Northern League. In 2006, the Lincoln team joined the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball. On September 25, 2008, Johnson resigned after six years. His career record as the Saltdogs' manager was 315–255.
On December 16, 2008, Johnson was announced as the inaugural manager of the Golden Baseball League incarnation of the Tucson Toros.
On November 12, 2010, Johnson was announced as the second manager of the Lake County Fielders of the North American League.
On July 9, 2011, Johnson resigned from his Lake County Fielders Managerial Position

</doc>
<doc id="2843771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843771" title="History of Bulgaria (1878–1946)">
History of Bulgaria (1878–1946)

After the Russo-Turkish War, an autonomous Bulgarian state was created within the Ottoman Empire by the Treaty of Berlin in 1878. Although remaining under Ottoman sovereignty, it functioned independently, taking Alexander of Battenberg as its first prince. In 1885 it took control of the still-Ottoman Eastern Rumelia, officially under a personal union. Following the abdication of Alexander, Ferdinand I was elected king in 1887. Full independence was declared in 1908.
The 1912-1913 Balkan Wars, Bulgaria initially formed an alliance with Greece and Serbia against the Ottoman Empire, together conquering a great deal of Ottoman territory. Bulgaria was however unhappy with the resulting division of territory, and soon went to war against its former allies, in which it lost territory it had gained in the first war. The First World War saw Bulgaria allied with Germany, Austria-Hungary, and the Ottoman Empire. Its defeat led to the Treaty of Neuilly-sur-Seine, in which it lost further territory. Social problems and political instability persisted throughout the interwar years. In the Second World War, Bulgaria again allied with Germany. Although it attempted to pull out of the war as Soviet Union advanced towards it, it was invaded, and a communist government was put into power.
1878–1912.
The proposed Treaty of San Stefano of March 3, 1878 provided for a self-governing Bulgarian state, which comprised the geographical regions of Moesia, Thrace and Macedonia. Fearing the establishment of a large Russian client state on the Balkans, the other Great Powers, especially Britain and Austro-Hungary, were not willing to agree to the treaty. The British were concerned over the safety of their routes to the Suez Canal and India. The Dual Monarchy that was the Austria-Hungarian Empire was afraid that establishment of a large independent Slavic state in the Balkans would encourage other Slavs living in the Austro-Hungarian Empire to also seek an independent break away state. Accordingly, both Britain and Austria-Hungary sought for the treaty to be revised.
As a result, the Treaty of Berlin (1878), under the supervision of Otto von Bismarck of Germany and Benjamin Disraeli of Britain, revised the earlier treaty, and scaled back the proposed Bulgarian state. An autonomous Principality of Bulgaria was created, between the Danube and the Stara Planina range, with its seat at the old Bulgarian capital of Veliko Turnovo, and including Sofia. This state was to be under nominal Ottoman sovereignty but was to be ruled by a prince elected by a congress of Bulgarian notables meeting in Turnovo as the Bulgarian Principality's Constituent Assembly on February 10, 1879 and approved by the Powers. They insisted that the Prince could not be a Russian, but in a compromise Prince Alexander of Battenberg, a nephew of Tsar Alexander II, was chosen. An autonomous Ottoman province under the name of Eastern Rumelia was created south of the Stara Planina range, whereas Macedonia was returned under the sovereignty of the Sultan.
Ferdinand.
These events made Alexander very popular in Bulgaria, but Russia was increasingly dissatisfied at his liberal tendencies. In August 1886 they fomented a coup, in the course of which Alexander was forced to abdicate and was exiled to Russia. Stambolov, however, acted quickly and the participants in the coup were forced to flee the country. Stambolov tried to reinstate Alexander, but strong Russian opposition forced the prince to abdicate again. In July 1887 the Bulgarians elected Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha as their new Prince. Ferdinand was the "Austrian candidate" and the Russians refused to recognize him despite his friendship with Tsar Alexander III. Ferdinand initially worked with Stambolov, but by 1894 their relationship worsened. Stambolov resigned and was assassinated in July 1895. Ferdinand then decided to restore relations with Russia, which meant returning to a conservative policy.
There was a substantial Bulgarian population still living under Ottoman rule, particularly in Macedonia. To complicate matters, Serbia and Greece too made claims over parts of Macedonia. Thus began the Balkan Wars, a five-sided struggle for control of these areas which lasted through World War I (Bulgaria during World War I). In 1903 there was a Bulgarian insurrection in Ottoman Macedonia and war seemed likely. In 1908 Ferdinand used the struggles between the Great Powers to declare Bulgaria a fully independent kingdom, with himself as Tsar, which he did on 5 October (though celebrated on 22 September, as Bulgaria remained officially on the Julian Calendar until 1916) in the St Forty Martyrs Church in Veliko Tarnovo.
Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising.
The main external political problem confronting Bulgaria throughout the period up to World War I was the fate of Macedonia and Eastern Thrace. At the end of 19th century the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization was founded and began the preparation of an armed uprising in the regions still occupied by the Ottoman Turks. Relying in part on nation-wide support on the part of the Principality of Bulgaria, IMARO got down to organizing a network of committees in Macedonia and Thrace. In August 1903 a mass armed uprising, known in history as the Ilinden-Preobrajenie, broke out in Macedonia and Thrace. Its aim was to liberate those regions, or at least to draw the attention of the Great Powers and make them advocate for the improvement of the living conditions for the population through legal and economic reforms. After three months of fierce battles the Ottoman army crushed the uprising using much cruelty against the civilian population.
The Balkan Wars.
In 1911 the Nationalist Prime Minister, Ivan Geshov, set about forming an alliance with Greece and Serbia, and the three allies agreed to put aside their rivalries to plan a joint attack on the Ottomans.
In February 1912 a secret treaty was signed between Bulgaria and Serbia, and in May 1912 a similar treaty was signed with Greece. Montenegro was also brought into the pact. The treaties provided for the partition of Macedonia and Thrace between the allies, although the lines of partition were left dangerously vague. After the Ottomans refused to implement reforms in the disputed areas, the First Balkan War broke out in October 1912. (See Balkan Wars for details.)
The allies had an astonishing success. The Bulgarian army inflicted several defeats on the Ottoman forces and advanced threateningly against Istanbul, while the Serbs and the Greeks took control of Macedonia. The Ottomans sued for peace in December. Negotiations broke down, and fighting resumed in February 1913. The Ottomans lost Adrianople to a combined Bulgarian-Serbian task force. A second armistice followed in March, with the Ottomans losing all their European possessions west of the Midia-Enos line, not far from Istanbul. Bulgaria gained possession of most of Thrace, including Adrianople and the Aegean port of Dedeagach (today Alexandroupoli). Bulgaria also gained a slice of Macedonia, north and east of Thessaloniki (which went to Greece), but only some small areas along her western borders.
Bulgaria sustained the heaviest casualties of any of the allies, and on this basis felt entitled to the largest share of the spoils. The Serbs in particular did not see things this way, and refused to vacate any of the territory they had seized in northern Macedonia (that is, the territory roughly corresponding to the modern Republic of Macedonia), stating that the Bulgarian army had failed to accomplish its pre-war goals at Adrianople (i. e., failing to capture it without Serbian help) and that the pre-war agreements on the division of Macedonia had to be revised. Some circles in Bulgaria inclined toward going to war with Serbia and Greece on this issue. In June 1913 Serbia and Greece formed a new alliance, against Bulgaria. The Serbian Prime Minister, Nikola Pasic, told Greece it could have Thrace if Greece helped Serbia keep Bulgaria out of Serbian part of Macedonia, and the Greek Prime Minister Eleftherios Venizelos agreed. Seeing this as a violation of the pre-war agreements, and discretely encouraged by Germany and Austria-Hungary, Tsar Ferdinand declared war on Serbia and Greece and the Bulgarian army attacked on June 29. The Serbian and the Greek forces were initially on the retreat on the western border, but they soon took the upper hand and forced Bulgaria into retreat. The fighting was very harsh, with many casualties, especially during the key Battle of Bregalnitsa. Soon Romania entered the war and attacked Bulgaria from the north. The Ottoman Empire also attacked from the south-east. The war was now definitely lost for Bulgaria, which had to abandon most of her claims of Macedonia to Serbia and Greece, while the revived Ottomans retook Adrianople. Romania took possession of southern Dobruja.
War and social conflict.
World War I.
In the aftermath of the Balkan Wars Bulgarian opinion turned against Russia and the western powers, whom the Bulgarians felt had done nothing to help them. The government of Vasil Radoslavov aligned Bulgaria with Germany and Austria-Hungary, even though this meant also becoming an ally of the Ottomans, Bulgaria's traditional enemy. But Bulgaria now had no claims against the Ottomans, whereas Serbia, Greece and Romania (allies of Britain and France) were all in possession of lands perceived in Bulgaria as Bulgarian. Bulgaria, recuperating from the Balkan Wars, sat out the first year of World War I, but when Germany promised to restore the boundaries of the Treaty of San Stefano, Bulgaria, which had the largest army in the Balkans, declared war on Serbia in October 1915. Britain, France and Italy then declared war on Bulgaria.
Although Bulgaria, in alliance with Germany, Austria-Hungary and the Ottomans, won military victories against Serbia and Romania, occupying much of Macedonia (taking Skopje in October), advancing into Greek Macedonia, and taking Dobruja from the Romanians in September 1916, the war soon became unpopular with the majority of Bulgarian people, who suffered great economic hardship and also disliked fighting their fellow Orthodox Christians in alliance with the Muslim Ottomans. The Agrarian Party leader, Aleksandur Stamboliyski, was imprisoned for his opposition to the war. The Russian Revolution of February 1917 had a great effect in Bulgaria, spreading antiwar and anti-monarchist sentiment among the troops and in the cities. Membership in socialist parties in Bulgaria boomed. However, the socialists in Bulgaria were badly split ideologically. One group sought to work with other political parties representing other classes in order to be effective in bringing change to Bulgaria. Because of their "broad outlook" this group of socialists was known as the "broads." The second group of socialists in Bulgaria were purists and refused to work with parties of different classes. They were called the "narrows." Eventually, the broads formed themselves into the Bulgarian Social Democratic Party and the narrows became the Bulgarian Communist Party.
In June, 1919, Radoslavov's government resigned. Mutinies broke out in the army, Stamboliyski was released from prison and a republic was proclaimed.
The interwar years.
In September 1918 the Serbs, British, French and Greeks broke through on the Macedonian front and Tsar Ferdinand was forced to sue for peace. Stamboliyski favoured democratic reforms, not a revolution. Alexander Stamboliyski made his first appearance on the Bulgarian political scene in 1903 as member of the Bulgarian Agrarian National Union (BANU). In 1902 two agraian newspapers were merged to form, "Zemedelsko Zname" (Agrarian Banner) which became the voice of BANU. In 1906 Stamboliyski became the Editor of "Zemedelsko Zname" The poor harvest and hard times of 1907 brought BANU to the fore again. In the 1908 elections BANU received 11.2% of the Vote and obtained 23 seats in Bulgaria's the unicameral Parliament. By the of the elections in August 1919, BANU received 31.02% of the vote. In order to head off the revolutionaries, he persuaded Ferdinand to abdicate in favour of his son Boris III. The revolutionaries were suppressed and the army disbanded. Under the Treaty of Neuilly (November 1919), Bulgaria lost its Aegean coastline to Greece and nearly all of its Macedonian territory to the new state of Yugoslavia, and had to give Dobruja back to the Romanians (see also Dobruja, Western Outlands, Western Thrace). Elections in March 1920 gave the Agrarians a large majority, and Stamboliyski formed Bulgaria's first genuinely democratic government.
Stamboliyski faced huge social problems in what was still a poor country inhabited mostly by peasant smallholders. Bulgaria was saddled with huge war reparations to Yugoslavia and Romania, and had to deal with the problem of refugees as pro-Bulgarian Macedonians had to leave the Yugoslav Macedonia. Nevertheless Stamboliyski was able to carry through many social reforms, although opposition from the Tsar, the landlords and the officers of the much-reduced but still influential army was powerful. Another bitter enemy was the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (VMRO), which favoured a war to regain Macedonia for Bulgaria. Faced with this array of enemies, Stamboliyski allied himself with the Bulgarian Communist Party and opened relations with the Soviet Union.
In March 1923 Stamboliyski signed an agreement with Yugoslavia recognising the new border and agreeing to suppress VMRO. This triggered a nationalist reaction, and on 9 June there was a coup after which Stamboliykski was assassinated (beheaded). A right wing government under Aleksandar Tsankov took power, backed by the Tsar, the army and the VMRO, who waged a White terror against the Agrarians and the Communists. The Communist leader Georgi Dimitrov fled to the Soviet Union. There was savage repression in 1925 following the second of two failed attempts on the Tsar's life in the bomb attack on Sofia Cathedral (the first attempt took place in the mountain pass of Arabakonak). But in 1926 the Tsar persuaded Tsankov to resign and a more moderate government under Andrey Lyapchev took office. An amnesty was proclaimed, although the Communists remained banned. The Agrarians reorganised and won elections in 1931 under the leadership of Nikola Mushanov.
Just when political stability had been restored, the full effects of the Great Depression hit Bulgaria, and social tensions rose again. In May 1934 there was another coup, the Agrarians were again suppressed, and an authoritarian regime headed by Kimon Georgiev established with the backing of Tsar Boris. In April 1935 Boris took power himself, ruling through puppet Prime Ministers Georgi Kyoseivanov (1935–40) and Bogdan Filov (1940-43). The Tsar's regime banned all opposition parties and took Bulgaria into alliance with Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy. Although the signing of the Balkan Pact of 1938 restored good relations with Yugoslavia and Greece, the territorial issue continued to simmer.
World War II and after.
Under Filov's government Bulgaria drifted into World War II, faced by an Invasion and bribed by the return of southern Dobruja from Romania, on the orders of Hitler (see Vienna Award), in September 1940. In March 1941 Bulgaria formally signed the Tripartite Pact, becoming a German ally, and German troops entered the country in preparation for the German invasion of Greece and Yugoslavia. When Yugoslavia and Greece were defeated, Bulgaria was allowed to occupy all of Greek Thrace and most of Macedonia. Bulgaria declared war on Britain and the United States, but resisted German pressure to declare war on the Soviet Union, fearful of pro-Russian sentiment in the country.
In August 1943 Tsar Boris died suddenly after returning from Germany (possibly assassinated, although this has never been proved) and was succeeded by his six-year old son Simeon II. Power was held by a council of regents headed by the young Tsar's uncle, Prince Kirill. The new Prime Minister, Dobri Bozhilov, was in most respects a German puppet.
Resistance to the Germans and the Bulgarian regime was widespread by 1943, co-ordinated mainly by the Communists. Together with the Agrarians, now led by Nikola Petkov, the Social Democrats and even with many army officers they founded the Fatherland Front. Partisans operated in the mountainous west and south. By 1944 it was obvious that Germany was losing the war and the regime began to look for a way out. Bozhilov resigned in May, and his successor Ivan Ivanov Bagryanov tried to arrange negotiations with the western Allies.
Meanwhile, the capital Sofia was bombed by Allied aircraft in late 1943 and early 1944, with raids on other major cities following later.
The communist coup.
But it was the Soviet army which was rapidly advancing towards Bulgaria. In August Bulgaria unilaterally announced its withdrawal from the war and asked the German troops to leave: Bulgarian troops were hastily withdrawn from Greece and Yugoslavia. In September the Soviets crossed the northern border. The government, in a desperate attempt at avoiding a Soviet occupation, declared war on Germany, but the Soviets could not be put off, and on September 8 they declared war on Bulgaria - which thus found itself for a few days at war with both Germany and the Soviet Union. On September 16, the Soviet army entered Sofia.
The Fatherland Front took office in Sofia following a coup d'état, setting up a broad coalition under the former ruler Kimon Georgiev and including the Social Democrats and the Agrarians. Under the terms of the peace settlement, Bulgaria was allowed to keep Southern Dobruja, but formally renounced all claims to Greek and Yugoslav territory. To prevent further disputes 150,000 Bulgarians were expelled from Greek Thrace. The Communists deliberately took a minor role in the new government at first, but the Soviet representatives were the real power in the country. A Communist-controlled People's Militia was set up, which harassed and intimidated non-Communist parties.
In February 1945 the new realities of power in Bulgaria were shown when Prince Kirill and hundreds of other officials of the old regime were arrested on charges of war crimes. By June Kirill and the other regents, 22 former ministers and many others had been executed. In September 1946 the monarchy was abolished by plebiscite, and young Tsar Simeon was sent into exile. The Communists now openly took power, with Vasil Kolarov becoming President and Dimitrov becoming Prime Minister. Free elections promised for 1946 were boycotted by the opposition, and in November, 1945 the Fatherland Front won in a single-party election. The Agrarians refused to co-operate with the new regime, and in June 1947 their leader Nikola Petkov was arrested. Despite strong international protests he was executed in September. This marked the final establishment of a Communist regime in Bulgaria.
The Holocaust.
Despite a series of anti-Jewish legislation starting in 1940 (Jews were excluded from public service, banned from certain areas, restricted economically, and not allowed to intermarry) - see The Law for protection of the nation, Bulgaria was the only country besides Albania, Denmark and Finland to successfully resist the deportation of its Jewish population. Plans were made to deport Jews in 1943, and 20,000 were expelled from Sofia, but protests (initiated by Dimitar Peshev) from political and clerical leaders stopped further cooperation, saving all of the 50,000 Jews in the country.
However, in March 1943 almost 12,000 Jews in Thrace and Macedonia, both of which were administered by the Bulgarian government on behalf of the Nazis, were deported to Auschwitz and Treblinka
Social history.
Agrarianism.
Bulgaria emerged from Turkish rule as a poor, underdeveloped agricultural country, with little industry or natural resources. Most of the land was owned by small farmers, with peasants comprising 80% of the population of 3.8 million in 1900. The few Turkish nobles left and large land holdings were uncommon, but there were many poor peasants living on the margins. Agrarianism was the dominant political philosophy in the countryside, as the peasantry organized a movement independent of any existing party. In 1899, the Bulgarian Agrarian Union was formed, bringing together rural intellectuals such as teachers with ambitious peasants. It promoted modern farming practices, as well as elementary education.
Education.
The government promoted modernization, with special emphasis on building a network of elementary and secondary schools. By 1910, there were 4,800 elementary schools, 330 lyceums, 27 high schools, and 113 vocational schools. From 1878 to 1933 France funded numerous libraries, research institutes, and Catholic schools throughout Bulgaria. The main aims were to disseminate French culture and the French language and to gain prestige and business for France. Indeed, French became the primary foreign language in Bulgaria and the wealthy typically sent their children to elite Roman Catholic French language schools taught by Frenchmen. The prosperous Greek community of southern Bulgaria set up their own network of Greek language primary and secondary schools that promoted Hellenism in order to counter the threat of assimilation into Bulgarian society. In 1888, a university was established. It was renamed the University of Sofia in 1904, where the three faculties of history and philology, physics and mathematics, and law produced civil servants for national and local government offices. It became the center of German and Russian intellectual, philosophical and theological influences.
Turks.
While most Turkish officials, landowners, businessmen and professionals left after 1878, some Turkish peasant villages persisted, comprising perhaps as much as 10% of Bulgaria's population. They were largely self-governing, continued their traditional religion and language, and were tolerated by the Bulgarian government until the 1970s. They were protected as a minority group under international law by various treaties and agreements, including the Treaty of Berlin (1878). For over a century, this protection enabled Bulgaria's Turks to develop separate religious and cultural organizations, schools, a local Turkish press, and a literature. After 1970 the Communist government impose a program of cultural assimilation, whereby Turkish was no longer a tolerated language, Turkish instruction in schools was stopped, and it was not allowed to speak Turkish in public.
Urbanization.
The first decade of the century saw sustained prosperity, with steady urban growth. The capital of Sofia grew by a factor of 600% from 20,000 population in 1878 to 120,000 in 1912, primarily from peasants who arrived from the villages to become labourers tradesman and office seekers. Refugees from Turkish Macedonia also arrived, while there was relatively little emigration. Ethnic diversity characterized Bulgaria, with an Orthodox Bulgarian base, and numerous enclaves of Turks, Greeks and others. Bulgarian revolutionaries from the Macedonian area (then under Ottoman rule) used Bulgaria as a base, beginning in 1894, to agitate for a formal independence from the Ottoman Empire in order to later easier reunite Macedonia and Bulgaria. They launched a poorly planned uprising in 1903 that was brutally suppressed, and led to tens of thousands of additional refugees pouring into Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="2843773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843773" title="Second Bulgarian Empire">
Second Bulgarian Empire

The Second Bulgarian Empire (, "Vtorо Bălgarskо Tsartsvo", for alternative names see Names section) was a medieval Bulgarian state which existed between 1185 and 1396. A successor of the First Bulgarian Empire, it reached the peak of its power under Kaloyan and Ivan Asen II.
Up until 1256, the Second Bulgarian Empire was the dominant power in the Balkans. The Byzantines were defeated in several major battles, and in 1205 the newly established Latin Empire was crushed in the battle of Adrianople by Emperor Kaloyan. His nephew, Ivan Asen II (1218–1241), defeated the Despotate of Epiros and made Bulgaria a regional power once again. However, in the late 13th century the Empire declined under the constant invasions of Tatars, Byzantines, Hungarians, Serbs, and internal instability and revolts. After the empire was divided into several independent small states (Kingdom of Tarnovo, Tsardom of Vidin, Despotate of Dobruja) in the late 14th century, they were conquered by the Ottoman Empire.
Despite the strong Byzantine influence, the Bulgarian artists and architects managed to create their own distinct style. Literature and art flourished in the 14th century and a large part of the Bulgarian population was literate.
Names.
The most used name by contemporaries was "Bulgaria". During Kaloyan's reign the state was sometimes called as both of Bulgarians and Vlachs. Pope Innocent III and other foreigners such as the Latin emperor Henry mentioned the state as "Bulgaria" and "Bulgarian Empire" in official letters.
In modern historiography the state is called the "Second Bulgarian Empire", "Second Bulgarian Tsardom" or the "Second Bulgarian Kingdom" whose different variants include the "Bulgarian-Vlach Empire", or the "Romanian-Bulgarian Empire" (the last one exclusively in Romanian historiography)
Background.
The Byzantines ruled Bulgaria from 1018, when they conquered the First Bulgarian Empire, to 1185, although initially it was not fully integrated into the Byzantine Empire, for example preserving the existing tax levels and the power of the low-ranking nobility. The independent Bulgarian Orthodox Church was subordinated to the authority of the Ecumenical Patriarch in Constantinople, and the Bulgarian aristocracy and tsar's relatives were given various Byzantine titles and transferred to the Asian parts of the Empire. There were rebellions against Byzantine rule in 1040-41, the 1070s and the 1080s, but these ultimately failed.
Liberation.
By the late 12th century the Byzantine dominance in the Balkans came to a halt when Manuel I Komnenus (who had subjugated the Hungarians at Sirmium) died and was replaced by Andronikus I Komnenus and then by a series of incompetent emperors. In 1185 Peter and Ivan Asen led a revolt against Byzantine rule and Peter declared himself Tsar Peter IV (also known as Theodore Peter), firmly claiming to inherit the authority of the First Bulgarian Empire. After little more than a year of warfare the Byzantines were forced to acknowledge Bulgaria's independence, though fighting continued. The liberating movement was originated and vigorously prosecuted by Vlachs - either an alternative name for the inhabitants of Moesia or the ancestors of today's Vlachs; it was joined by the Bulgarians, and to some extent by the Cumans from beyond the Danube”. The peoples who took part in the rebellion and formed part of the new state certainly included Slavic-speaking Bulgarians and, alongside them, Cumans, Vlachs and Greeks: Peter styled himself "Tsar of the Bulgarians and Greeks".
The war between 1185 and 1197.
In the summer of 1185 a miraculous icon of Saint Demetrius of Salonica was found in Tarnovo and the Asen brothers claimed that the saint had abandoned Salonica in order to help the Bulgarian cause. That had a large psychological impact on the religious population. Between the autumn of 1185 and the spring of 1186 the whole northern Bulgaria, with the exception of Varna, was liberated. In the summer the Byzantine Emperor Isaac II Angelos managed to overcome the mountain passes and invaded Moesia. Asen retreated to the north of the Danube; when the Byzantines went back to Constantinople he returned with more Cuman auxiliaries and soon the war continued to the south in Thrace. A skillful general, Asen struck swiftly and constantly harassed the larger Byzantine armies. After an unsuccessful siege of Lovech in 1187, the Byzantines were forced to plead for a truce. Three years later they were decisively defeated near Tryavna, Isaac II Angelos barely escaping, leaving the Imperial crown and cross. In the next five years the Bulgarian held the initiative and reconquered more towns and castles in northern Thrace and Macedonia, especially after the major victory at Arcadiopolis in 1194. In 1196 the Byzantines were defeated at Serres but soon after that event Asen was murdered by his cousin Ivanko, incited by the Byzantines. He usurped the throne but could not stay in the capital, which was besieged by Peter; he fled to the Byzantine Empire, where he was made a governor of Plovdiv. However, only a year later Peter IV became victim of another plot and was succeeded by the youngest brother Kaloyan.
Balkan power.
Resurrected Bulgaria occupied the territory between the Black Sea, the Danube, and Stara Planina, including a part of eastern Macedonia and the valley of the Morava. It also exercised influence in Wallachia and Moldova. During the rule of two of Bulgaria's most successful rulers, Kaloyan and Ivan Asen II, the country emerged as a regional power with considerable military and economic strength. Between 1204 and 1261, during the Latin Empire, the Bulgarian civil and religious authorities saw themselves as a Byzantine successor in preserving the traditions of the Eastern Orthodox Church with numerous important relics being collected in the capital Tarnovo.
Kaloyan.
Tsar Kaloyan (1197–1207) entered a union with the Papacy, thereby securing the recognition of his title of "Rex", although he desired to be recognized as "Emperor" or "Tsar". He and his Cuman allies waged wars against the Byzantine Empire and (after 1204) on the Knights of the Fourth Crusade, conquering large parts of Thrace, the Rhodopes, as well as the whole of Macedonia. He decisively defeated the newly created Latin Empire in the Battle of Adrianople (1205) and thus crushed its power in the very first year of its creation and prevented its influence on the larger parts of the Balkans. Emperor Baldwin I was captured in the battle and later died in captivity in Tarnovo. In the next year the Latins suffered another heavy defeat in the battle of Rusion. Kaloyan's struggle was initially supported by the Byzantine nobility, but then they betrayed the Bulgarians and allied with the Crusaders. Kaloyan was infuriated and killed tens of thousands of Byzantines. At the siege of Varna (1201) he ordered the whole Byzantine population of the city to be buried alive. He wanted revenge for Samuil's 14,000 blinded soldiers and called himself "Romanoktonos" (Roman-slayer), as Basil II had been called "Bulgaroktonos" (Bulgarian-slayer).
To the west and north-west he fought against the Hungarians and defeated them several times.
Ivan Asen II.
After the death of Kaloyan, his cousin Boril (1207–1218) took the throne, but during his reign the country lost significant territories to Hungary, the Latin Empire, and the Despotate of Epirus. Boril lost support and was overthrown by another cousin, Ivan Asen.
Under Ivan Asen II (1218–1241), Bulgarian fortunes improved, reconquering the lost lands and occupying Odrin and Albania. In the beginning of his reign he peacefully regained Belgrade and Branicevo, which had been lost to Hungary, and some lands from the Latin Empire. After the major success at Klokotnitsa in 1230 the Epirus Despotate became a vassal tributary to Bulgaria. In an inscription from Tarnovo in 1230 Ivan entitled himself "In Christ the Lord faithful Tsar and autocrat of the Bulgarians, son of the old Asen". The Bulgarian Orthodox Patriarchate was restored in 1235 with approval of all eastern Patriarchates, thus putting an end to the union with the Papacy. 
Ivan Asen II had a reputation as a wise and humane ruler, and he opened relations with the Catholic west, especially Venice and Genoa, to diversify trade. The country enjoyed a flourishing economy, and around 1235 Bulgaria had an organised Navy. In the last year of his reign he defeated a detachment of Tatars, who attacked Bulgaria after their devastating raid in Hungary. After his death, however, Bulgarian authorities recognized Mongol supremacy thanks to Kadan.
Decline.
Under the successors of Ivan Asen II, Bulgaria declined. In 1242 the Mongols raided the Balkans in the early 13th century, devastating Bulgaria and forcing it to pay tribute to the Khans of the Golden Horde. After 1256 the Empire of Nicaea annexed southern Macedonia, Rhodope mountains, and part of Thrace. The Hungarian kingdom occupied the province of Belgrade. Gradually Bulgaria lost control and traditional significant political influence over Wallachia, where the power of the regional nobles was strengthened, and subsequently local kingdoms were established. By the reign of Michael II Asen (1246–1256), Bulgaria had lost significant territories to its enemies without any major military disaster, mostly due to the disloyal nobles who surrendered territories for personal enrichment. Under Constantine I Tikh the country lost northern and central Macedonia to Byzantium as well as Severin Banat to Hungary. The crisis led to a peasant war, raised by the swineherd Ivailo, who managed to sit on the Bulgarian throne from 1277 to 1280.
Ivailo achieved great military success against the external enemies, defeating the Byzantines in two major battles and temporarily driving away the Tatars from the northeastern parts of the Empire. He failed to cope with the aristocracy, however, and was later killed. The Tatar hegemony continued to 1300, when after the death of Nogai Khan, khan Toktu ceded Bessarabia to the new Bulgarian Emperor Theodore Svetoslav. But the Horde's claim on Bulgaria was still strong. This had positive economic effect. During the reign of Theodore Svetoslav Bulgaria regained much of its former strength and prestige. After a successful war against Byzantium he signed a peace agreement that continued to his death in 1322. Ozbeg Khan (1313–41) repeatedly raided Thrace, partly in service of Bulgaria's war against both Byzantium and Serbia from 1319. His armies pillaged Thrace for 40 days in 1324 and for 15 days in 1337, taking 300,000 captives. After Ozbeg's death in 1341, his successors did not continue his aggressive policy and contacts with Bulgaria lapsed.
Ivan Alexander and fall of Bulgaria.
The withdrawal of the Mongols from Europe in the early 14th century stabilized the situation in the Balkans and Bulgaria reassumed something like its modern borders. It was however threatened by the rising powers of Hungary to the north and Serbia to the west. In 1330 the Bulgarians under Michael III were heavily defeated by the Kingdom of Serbia at Velbuzhd, and some parts of the Empire came under Serbian sway. Under Ivan IV (Ivan Alexander; 1331–1371) Serbian threat ended, and the Byzantines were defeated at Rusokastro. The territorial expansion included the Rhodope Mountains and several important towns on the Black Sea coast. This was a period known as "Second Golden Age" because of its thriving cultural life. After Ivan Alexander's death Bulgaria was left divided into rival states; one of the two largest ones was based at Veliko Tarnovo, and the other at Vidin, ruled by Ivan's two sons.
The two brothers and despot Dobrotitsa from the Principality of Carvuna did not make an attempt to unite and they were even engaged in a military conflict for Sofia.
Weakened Bulgaria was thus no match for a new threat from the south, the Ottoman Turks, who crossed into Europe in 1354. In 1362 they captured Philippopolis (Plovdiv), taking Sofia in 1382. The Ottomans then turned their attention to the Serbs, whom they routed at Kosovo Pole in 1389. In 1393 the Ottomans occupied Tarnovo after a three-month siege. In the next year the Ottomans captured the Carvuna Principality and Nikopol — the last town of the Tarnovo tsardom — fell in 1395. The next year the Tsardom of Vidin was occupied after the Battle of Nicopolis, bringing an end to the Bulgarian kingdoms.
North of the Danube, where a significant number of Bulgarian nobility and common folk remained, the population was under the jurisdiction of various Christian autonomous, predominately Wallachian led principalities, where the Cyrillic alphabet continued to be used and many cities kept their Bulgarian names, like the Wallachian capital of Targovishte. The nobility in the Christian principalities north of the Danube, continued to be known by their Bulgarian titles of Boyars and regularly helped Bulgarian population to continue to migrate north, as part of their military campaigns south of the Danube. Thus, Bulgarian population north of the Danube never came under Ottoman occupation, which greatly helped the National revival south of the Danube in later centuries.
Administration.
In many ways, the Bulgarian administration and court took example of the Byzantine equivalents. The supreme power in the country belonged to the Emperor, whose official title was: "In Christ the God faithful Emperor and Autocrat of all Bulgarians", at times with the addition of "Romans" (i.e. Byzantine Greeks) and Vlachs. The most significant meaning was that he was Emperor of the whole Bulgarian people, even to those beyond the borders of the Empire. The legislative and executive powers were concentrated in his hands. If the heir of the ruler was under age, the regency was headed by the mother-Empress.
The Bolyar Council included the Great Bolyars and the Patriarch. Their task was to discuss important questions about the external and internal policy such as declaration of war, formation of alliance or signing peace. The last word always belonged to the Emperor. Sometimes Councils with extended membership were assembled, where the nobility, the clergy and "the other people" usually gathered to discuss condemnation of heresies: 1211, 1350, 1360. The only right the ordinary people had was to approve the decisions made by the nobility.
The main administrative unit in 13-14th centuries was the "hora" () which replaced the "komitat" of the First Bulgarian Empire. Its governor was called Duke and was usually appointed by the Emperor; the "hora" was further divided into "katepanika" (sing. "katepanikon", cf. the Byzantine "katepanikion") which were ruled by Katepans who were directly subordinated to the Dukes.
Economy.
The Medieval Bulgarian economy did not differ much from the other European states and relied mainly on agriculture, mining, traditional crafts and trade.
Agriculture.
The main agricultural regions of the country were the Danubian plain and Thrace. The most widespread grains were wheat, barley and millet. From the 13th century the importance of vegetables, orchards and grapes grew. The main wine-producing areas were the Black Sea coast, along the Struma, southern Macedonia. Livestock breeding was well developed. There were many sheep, pigs and cattle. The pastures were divided into two groups: winter pastures (valleys) and summer pastures (mountains). In the 14th century apiculture and sericulture became profitable branches.
The dense forests were also divided into two types: woods for cutting (') and fenced forests (') in which cutting was banned.
Metallurgy and crafts.
The 12th-14th centuries gave a strong impetus to metallurgy and mining. Bulgarian smiths produced hammers, pliers, axes, saws, looms; different arms and armours. In the 13th century Saxon miners, who made ore extracting more efficient and introduced new mining methods, arrived in western Bulgaria. They inhabited mainly the regions of Chiprovtsi and Kyustendil. There used to be gold mines in the Eastern Rhodopes.
About 50 different types of handicraft were known in Medieval Bulgaria, the most important being leathermaking, shoemaking, carpentry, weaving; production of food and drinks (bread, butter, cheese, wine). Vast quantity of catapults, battering-rams and other siege equipment were made, and the army had skilled siege engineers. The main centres were the capital Tarnovo, Cherven, Sofia (copper).
Culture.
In the 13th and 14th centuries Bulgaria became a thriving cultural centre. The flowering of the Tarnovo school of art was related to the construction of palaces and churches, to literary activity in the royal court and the monasteries, and to the development of handicrafts. Remarkable achievements of this school have been preserved down to this day: the murals of the Boyars' houses in Trapezitsa and Saint Forty Martyrs Church in Veliko Tarnovo, the Boyana Church (1259) and the Rock-hewn Churches of Ivanovo. Book illuminations also developed, examples include the "Manasses Chronicle", the "Tetraevangelia of Ivan Alexander" and the "Tomich Psalter". Many relics of Orthodox martyrs and saints were kept in the numerous churches in the capital Turnovo, which earned the capital the byname "second Constantinople".
Most of the architectural monuments from that period include churches, monasteries and fortresses. The Bulgarians usually built small churches with short doors to show humbleness and homage to God. They were often richly decorated with blind niches, various geometrical patterns from bricks, stone cubes, ceramics; while from the inside they were painted with marvelous frescoes which from the 13th century began to draw away from the canon and became realistic.
In the 14th century many new monasteries were built under the patronage of Ivan Alexander on the northern slopes of Stara Planina, especially in an area near the capital Tarnovo which became known as "Sveta Gora" (Holy Forest) - a name also used to refer to Mount Athos. The numerous monasteries across the Empire were the very centre of the cultural, educational and spiritual life of the Bulgarian society. Ather the mid 14th centuries, many monasteries began to build fortifications under the thread of Turk invasions, such as the famous Tower of Hrelyu in the Rila monastery.
There used to be a perfectly organised defensive network of fortresses which consisted of several lines along the Danube, the Balkan mountains, the Rhodope, the coast. The main fortress was Turnovo. Other major castles included Vidin, Silistra, Cherven, Lovech, Sofia, Plovdiv, Lyutitsa, Ustra and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="2843774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843774" title="Ottoman Bulgaria">
Ottoman Bulgaria

The history of Ottoman Bulgaria spans nearly 500 years, from the conquest by the Ottoman Empire of the smaller kingdoms emerging from the disintegrating Second Bulgarian Empire in the late 14th century, to the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878. Bulgarian territories were administrated as the Rumelia Eyalet. The Ottoman rule was a period marked by oppression and misgovernment and represents a deviation of Bulgaria's development as a Christian European state. A process of cultural revival occurred with the weakening of the Ottoman administration after 1700, which ultimately resulted in an organized, armed struggle for liberation. As a result of the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), the Principality of Bulgaria, a self-governing Ottoman vassal state that was functionally independent, was created. In 1885 the autonomous province of Eastern Rumelia came under the control of the Bulgarian Tsar. Bulgaria declared independence in 1908.
Administrative organisation.
The Ottomans reorganised the Bulgarian territories, dividing them into several vilayets, each ruled by a Sanjakbey or Subasi accountable to the Beylerbey. Significant parts of the conquered land were parcelled out to the Sultan's followers, who held it as benefices or fiefs (small "timars", medium "ziyamet" and large "hases") directly from him, or from the Beylerbeys. This category of land could not be sold or inherited, but reverted to the Sultan when the fiefholder died. The lands were organised as private possessions of the Sultan or Ottoman nobility, called "mülk", and also as an economic base for religious foundations, called vakιf, as well as other people. Bulgarians regularly paid multiple types of taxes, including a tithe ("yushur"), a capitation tax ("jizyah"), a land tax ("ispench"), a levy on commerce, and also various irregularly collected taxes, products and corvees ("avariz").
Religion.
In the Ottoman Empire, Christian subjects (known as “gavurs”, deformed version of "kuffar" plural form of Arabic kafir, i.e. non-believers) had a legal, tributary and judicial status different from those of Muslims
The Ottomans did not normally require the Christians to become Muslims. Nevertheless, there were many cases of individual or mass conversion, especially in the Rhodopes. According to Thomas Walker Arnold Islam was not spread by force in the areas under the control of the Ottoman Sultan. A 17th-century author said: Meanwhile he (the Turk) wins (converts) by craft more than by force, and snatches away Christ by fraud out of the hearts of men. For the Turk, it is true, at the present time compels no country by violence to apostatise; but he uses other means whereby imperceptibly he roots out Christianity...
Non-Muslims did not serve in the Sultan's army. The exception to this were some groups of the population with specific statute, usually used for auxiliary or rear services, and the infamous blood tax (кръвен данък), also known as devşirme, whereby every fifth young boy was taken to be trained as a warrior of the Empire. These boys went through harsh religious and military training that turned them into an elite corps subservient to the Sultan. These corps were called Janissaries ("yeni çeri" or "new soldier") and were an elite and loyal unit of the Ottoman army. Recruits were sometimes gained through voluntarily accessions, as some parents were often eager to have their children enroll in the Janissary service that ensured them a successful career and comfort.
Condition of the Bulgarian population.
After the Ottoman conquest all major cities - centers of Bulgarian culture were destroyed, most of the written works were lost and the educated clergy that survived escaped to other Slavic countries. Bulgarian culture entered a long period of slumber, during which it was isolated from many of the processes that occurred throughout the rest of Europe.
First revolts and the Great Powers.
While the Ottomans were ascendant, there was overt opposition to their rule. The first revolt began in 1408 when two Bulgarian nobles, Konstantin and Fruzhin, liberated some regions for several years. The earliest evidence of continued local resistance dates from before 1450. Radik ("alternatively" Radich) was recognised by the Ottomans as a voyvoda of the Sofia region in 1413, but later he turned against them and is regarded as the first haydut in Bulgarian history. More than a century later, two Tarnovo uprisings occurred - in 1598 (First Tarnovo Uprising) and 1686 (Second Tarnovo Uprising) around the old capital Tarnovo. Those were followed by the Catholic Chiprovtsi Uprising in 1688 and insurrection in Macedonia led by Karposh in 1689, both provoked by the Austrians as part of their long war with the Ottomans. All of the uprisings were unsuccessful and were drowned in blood. Most of them resulted in massive waves of exiles, often numbering hundreds of thousands. In 1739 the Treaty of Belgrade between Austrian empire and the Ottoman Empire ended Austrian interest in the Balkans for a century. But by the 18th century the rising power of Russia was making itself felt in the area. The Russians, as fellow Orthodox Slavs, could appeal to the Bulgarians in a way that the Austrians could not. The Treaty of Küçük Kaynarca of 1774 gave Russia the right to interfere in Ottoman affairs to protect the Sultan's Christian subjects.
Bulgarian awakening.
Millet system was a set of confessional communities in the Ottoman Empire. It referred to the separate legal courts pertaining to "personal law" under which religious communities were allowed to rule themselves under their own system. The Sultan regarded the Ecumenical Patriarch of the Constantinople Patriarchate as the leader of the Orthodox Christian peoples of his empire. After the Ottoman Tanzimat (1839–76) reforms, Nationalism arose in the Empire and the term was used for legally protected religious minority groups, similar to the way other countries use the word "nation". New millets were created in 1860 and 1870 for Uniate and Orthodox Bulgarian Christian communities. In this way a separate Bulgarian diocese was established, based on ethnic identity rather than principles of Orthodoxy and territory. 
Armed resistance to the Ottoman rule escalated in the third quarter of the 19th century and reached its climax with the April Uprising of 1876 that covered part of the ethnically Bulgarian territories of the empire and was suppressed by Ottoman troops, taking the lives of many. The uprising, along with the strategic interests of Russia on the Balkans, was a reason for the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 that ended with the establishment of an independent Bulgarian state in 1878, albeit far smaller than what Bulgarians had hoped and what was projected by the preliminary Treaty of San Stefano of 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="2843775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843775" title="First Bulgarian Empire">
First Bulgarian Empire

The First Bulgarian Empire (modern ) was a medieval Bulgarian state founded in the north-eastern Balkans in c. 680 by the Bulgars, which subdued or drove out the Byzantines and made the South Slavic settlers their allies. At the height of its power it spread between Budapest and the Black Sea and from the Dnieper River in modern Ukraine to the Adriatic Sea. As the state solidified its position in the Balkans, it entered on a centuries-long interaction, sometimes friendly and sometimes hostile, with the Byzantine Empire. Bulgaria emerged as Byzantium's chief antagonist to the North, resulting in several wars. The two powers however also enjoyed periods of peace and alliance, most notably during the Second Arab siege of Constantinople, where the Bulgarian army played a crucial role in breaking the siege and preventing an Arab invasion in Eastern Europe. Byzantium had a strong cultural influence on Bulgaria, which also led to the eventual adoption of Christianity in 864. After the disintegration of the Avar Khaganate, the country expanded its territory northwest to the Pannonian Plain (present-day Hungary). Later the Bulgarians confronted the advance of the Pechenegs and Cumans, and achieved a decisive victory over the Magyars, forcing them to establish themselves permanently in Pannonia.
During the late 9th and early 10th centuries, Tsar Simeon I achieved a string of victories over the Byzantines, and expanded the Empire to its apogee. After the annihilation of the Byzantine army in the battle of Anchialus in 917, the Bulgarians laid siege to Constantinople in 923 and 924. The Byzantines eventually recovered, and in 1014 under Basil II, inflicted a crushing defeat on the Bulgarians at the Battle of Kleidion. By 1018, the last Bulgarian strongholds had surrendered to the Byzantine Empire, and the First Bulgarian Empire had ceased to exist. It was succeeded by the Second Bulgarian Empire in 1185.
After the adoption of Christianity in 864 Bulgaria became the cultural center of Slavic Europe. Its leading cultural position was further consolidated with the invention of the Glagolitic and Cyrillic scripts shortly after in the capital Preslav, and literature produced in Old Bulgarian soon began spreading North. Old Bulgarian became the lingua franca of much of Eastern Europe and it came to be known as Old Church Slavonic. In 927 the fully independent Bulgarian Patriarchate was officially recognized.
Between the 7th and 10th centuries, the local population, the Bulgars and the other tribes in the empire, which were outnumbered by the Slavs, gradually became absorbed by them, adopting a South Slav language. Since the late 10th century, the names "Bulgarians" and "Bulgarian" became prevalent and became permanent designations for the local population, both in the literature and in the spoken language. The development of Old Church Slavonic literacy had the effect of preventing the assimilation of the South Slavs into neighboring cultures, while stimulating the formation of a distinct Bulgarian identity.
Nomenclature.
The First Bulgarian Empire became known simply as "Bulgaria" since its recognition by the Byzantine Empire in 681. Some historians use the terms "Danube Bulgaria", "First Bulgarian State", or "First Bulgarian Tsardom (Empire)". Between 681 and 864 the country was also known as the "Bulgarian Khanate", "Danube Bulgarian Khanate", or "Danube Bulgar Khanate" in order to differentiate it from Volga Bulgaria, which emerged from another Bulgar group. During its early existence, the country was also called the "Bulgar state" or "Bulgar qaghnate". Between 864 and 917/927, the country was known as the "Principality of Bulgaria" or "Knyazhestvo Bulgaria".
In English language sources, the country is often known as the "Bulgarian Empire".
Created as a union between Bulgars and Slavs, for mutual protection against the Byzantine Empire to the south and the Avars to the north-west, the First Bulgarian Empire was ruled according to Bulgar tradition with the head of state being the Khan. The Slavs kept significant autonomy and eventually their language and traditions shaped the Bulgarian culture and people with Bulgaria becoming a Slavic country.
Background.
During the time of the late Roman Empire, the lands of present-day Bulgaria had been organised in several provinces - Scythia Minor, Moesia (Upper and Lower), Thrace, Macedonia (First and Second), Dacia (north of the Danube), Dardania, Rhodope and Hermimont, and had a mixed population of Romanised Getae and Hellenised Thracians. Several consecutive waves of Slavic migration throughout the 6th and early 7th centuries led to the almost complete Slavicisation of the region, at least linguistically.
The Bulgars.
The Bulgars, who included Scytho-Sarmatian and Turkic elements, formed part of the Western Turkic Khaganate. Between 630 and 635, Khan Kubrat managed to unite the main Bulgar tribes, creating a powerful confederation called Old Great Bulgaria, also known as Onoguria. Under strong Khazar pressure Old Great Bulgaria disintegrated in 668. Afterwards Khan Asparuh parted ways to seek a secure home. He was followed by 30,000 to 50,000 Bulgars. In 680 Asparukh founded after the Battle of Ongal the First Bulgarian Empire, south of the Danube on Byzantine territory. It was officially recognized as an independent state by the Byzantine Empire in 681.
Formation of the Bulgarian ethnicity.
It is likely that the original Bulgars were greatly outnumbered by the Slavic population among whom they were settled. Between the 7th and the 10th centuries, the Bulgars gradually became absorbed by the Slavs, adopting a South Slav language and converting to Christianity (of the Byzantine rite) under Boris I of Bulgaria in 864. Modern Bulgarians are normally considered to be of Southern Slavic origin. However, the Slavs were only one of the communities that had been present in the area conquered by Bulgars, themselves being recent migrants in the Balkans. Several other peoples were eventually absorbed into the new ethnicity. At that time the process of absorption of the remnants of the old Thraco-Roman and Thraco-Byzantine population had already been significant in the formation of this new ethnic group. The new "single identity nation" would continue to identify as "Bulgarian" and uphold the eponymous state as its own. Modern Bulgarians continue to celebrate the original non-Slavic Bulgar state and Thracian ancestors, while embracing a Slavic identity at the same time.
History.
Establishing a firm foothold in the Balkans.
After the decisive victory at Ongala in 680 the armies of the Bulgars and Slavs advanced to the South of the Balkan mountains, defeating again the Byzantines who were then forced to sign a humiliating peace treaty which acknowledged the establishment of a new state on the borders of the Empire. They were also to pay an annual tribute to Bulgaria. In the same time the war with the Khazars to the East continued and in 700 Khan Asparough perished in battle with them. The Bulgars lost the territories to the East of the Dnester River, but managed to hold the lands to the West. The Bulgars and the Slavs signed a treaty according to which the head of the state became the Khan of the Bulgars, who had also the obligation to defend the country against the Byzantine, while the Slavic leaders gained considerable autonomy and had to protect the Northern borders along the Carpathian mountains against the Avars.
Khan Asparuh's successor, Khan Tervel helped the deposed Byzantine Emperor Justinian II to regain his throne in 705. In return he was given the area "Zagore" in Northern Thrace, which was the first expansion of the country to the South of the Balkan mountains. However, three years later Justinian tried to take it back by force, but his army was defeated at Anchialus. In 716 Khan Tervel signed an important agreement with Byzantium. During the siege of Constantinople in 717–718 he sent 50,000 troops to help the besieged city. In the decisive battle the Bulgarians massacred around 30,000 Arabs and Khan Tervel was called "The saviour of Europe" by his contemporaries.
Internal instability and struggle for survival.
Khan Sevar, the last scion of the Dulo clan, died in 753. With his death the Khanate fell into a long political crisis during which the young country was on the verge of destruction. In just fifteen years, seven Khans ruled, all of whom were murdered. There were two main factions: some nobles wanted uncompromising war against the Byzantines, while others searched for a peaceful settlement of the conflict. That instability was used by the Byzantine Emperor Constantine V (745–775), who launched nine major campaigns aiming to eliminate Bulgaria. In 763 he defeated the Bulgarian Khan Telets at Anchialus, but the Byzantines were unable to advance further North. In 775 Khan Telerig tricked Constantine into revealing those loyal to him in the Bulgarian Court, then executed all the Byzantine spies in the capital Pliska. Under his successor Khan Kardam, the war took a favourable turn after the great victory in the battle of Marcelae in 792. The Byzantines were thoroughly defeated and forced once again to pay tribute to the Khans. As a result of the victory, the crisis was finally overcome, and Bulgaria entered the new century stable, stronger, and consolidated.
Territorial expansion.
Under the great Khan Krum (803–814), also known as Crummus and Keanus Magnus, Bulgaria expanded southward and to the northwest, occupying the lands between the middle Danube and Moldova, the whole territory of present-day Romania, Sofia in 809 and Adrianople (modern Edirne) in 813, threatening Constantinople itself. Between 804 and 806 the Bulgarian armies thoroughly eliminated the Avar Khanate and a border with the Frankish Empire was established along the middle Danube. In 811 a large Byzantine army was decisively defeated in the battle of the Varbitsa Pass. The Byzantine Emperor Nicephorus I was slain along with most of his troops, and his skull was used as a drinking cup. Krum immediately took the initiative and moved the war towards Thrace, defeating the Byzantines once more at Versinikia in 813. After a treacherous Byzantine attempt to kill the Khan during negotiations, Krum pillaged the whole of Thrace, seized Odrin, and resettled its 10,000 inhabitants in "Bulgaria across the Danube". He made enhanced preparation to capture Constantinople: 5,000 iron-plated wagons were built to carry the siege equipment; the Byzantines even pleaded for help from the Frankish Emperor Louis the Pious. Due to the sudden death of the great Khan, however, the campaign was never launched. Khan Krum implemented legal reform, establishing equal rules and punishment for all peoples living within the country's boundaries, intending to reduce poverty and to strengthen the social ties in his vastly enlarged state.
Khan Omurtag (814–831) concluded a 30-year peace treaty with the Byzantines, thus allowing both countries to restore their economies and finance after the bloody conflicts in the first decade of the century. The northwestern boundaries with the Frankish Empire were firmly settled along the middle Danube by 827. Extensive building was undertaken in the capital Pliska, including the construction of a magnificent palace, pagan temples, ruler's residence, fortress, citadel, water-main, and bath, mainly from stone and brick.
During the short reign of Khan Malamir (831–836), the important city of Plovdiv was incorporated into the country. Under Khan Presian (836–852), the Bulgarians took most of Macedonia, and the borders of the country reached the Adriatic and Aegean Seas. Byzantine historians do not mention any resistance against the Bulgarian expansion in Macedonia, leading to the conclusion that the expansion was largely peaceful. Between 839 and 842 the Bulgarians waged war on the Serbs but did not make any progress.
Bulgaria under Boris I.
The reign of Boris I (852–889) began with numerous setbacks. For ten years the country fought against the Byzantine and Eastern Frankish Empires, Great Moravia, the Croats and the Serbs forming several unsuccessful alliances and changing sides. In August 863 there was a period of 40 days of earthquakes and there was a lean year, which caused famine throughout the country. To cap it all, there was an incursion of locusts.
Christianization.
In 864 the Byzantines under Michael III invaded Bulgaria on suspicions that Khan Boris I prepared to accept Christianity in accordance with the Western rites. Upon the news of the invasion, Boris I started negotiations for peace. The Byzantines returned some lands in Macedonia and their single demand was that he accept Christianity from Constantinople rather than Rome. Khan Boris I agreed to that term and was baptised in September 865 assuming the name of his godfather, Byzantine Emperor Michael, and became Boris-Mihail. The pagan title "Khan" was abolished and the title "Knyaz" assumed in its place. The reason for the conversion to Christianity, however, was not the Byzantine invasion. The Bulgarian ruler was indeed a man of vision and he foresaw that the introduction of a single religion would complete the consolidation of the emerging Bulgarian nation, which was still divided on a religious basis. He also knew that his state was not fully respected by Christian Europe and its treaties could have been ignored by other signatories on religious basis.
Тhe Byzantines' goal was to achieve with peace what they were unable to after two centuries of warfare: to slowly absorb Bulgaria through the Christian religion and turn it into a satellite state, as naturally, the highest posts in the newly founded Bulgarian Church were to be held by Byzantines who preached in the Greek language. Knyaz Boris I was well aware of that fact and after Constantinople refused to grant autonomy of the Bulgarian Church in 866, he sent a delegation to Rome declaring his desire to accept Christianity in accordance with the Western rites along with 115 questions to Pope Nicolas I. The Bulgarian ruler desired to take advantage of the rivalry between the Churches of Rome and Constantinople as his main goal was the establishment of an independent Bulgarian Church in order to prevent both the Byzantines and the Catholics from exerting influence in his lands through religion. The Pope's detailed answers to Boris' questions were delivered by two bishops heading a mission whose purpose was to facilitate the conversion of the Bulgarian people. However, Nicolas I and his successor Pope Adrian II also refused to recognize an autonomous Bulgarian Church, which cooled the relations between the two sides, but Bulgaria's shift towards Rome made the Byzantines much more conciliatory. In 870, at the Fourth Council of Constantinople, the Bulgarian Church was recognized as an Autonomous Eastern Orthodox Church under the supreme direction of the Patriarch of Constantinople. It was the first Church officially accepted, apart from the Churches of Rome and Constantinople. Eventually, in 893, the Old Bulgarian language became the third official language, recognized by the Churches and used during services and in Christian literature.
Creation of the Slavic Writing System.
Although the Bulgarian Knyaz succeeded in securing an autonomous Church, its higher clergy and theological books were still Greek, which impeded the efforts to convert the populace to the new religion. Between 860 and 863 the Byzantine monks of Greek origin Saint Cyril and Saint Methodius created the Glagolitic alphabet, the first Slavic alphabet by order of the Byzantine Emperor, who aimed to convert Great Moravia to Orthodox Christianity. However, these attempts failed and in 886 their disciples Clement of Ohrid, Naum of Preslav and Angelarius, who were banished from Great Moravia, reached Bulgaria and were warmly welcomed by Boris I. The Bulgarian Knyaz commissioned the creation of two theological academies to be headed by the disciples where the future Bulgarian clergy was to be instructed in the local vernacular. Clement was sent to Ohrid in Southwestern Bulgaria, where he taught 3,500 pupils between 886 and 893. Naum established the literary school in the capital Pliska, moved later to the new capital Preslav. During the Council of Preslav in 893, Bulgaria adopted the Glagolitic alphabet and Old Church Slavonic (Old Bulgarian) language as official language of the church and state, and expelled the Byzantine clergy. In the early 10th century the Cyrillic script was created at the Preslav Literary School.
The Golden Age.
By the late 9th and the beginning of the 10th century, Bulgaria extended to Epirus and Thessaly in the South, Bosnia in the West and controlled the whole of present-day Romania and Eastern Hungary to the North. The Serbian state came into existence in the mid-9th century as a response to the Bulgarian expansion West of the Morava. Switching loyalties between Bulgaria and the Byzantines, the Serb rulers successfully resisted several Bulgarian invasions until 924 AD, when it was fully subordinated under the general and possibly Count of Sofia Marmais. Under Tsar Simeon I (Simeon the Great), who was educated in Constantinople, Bulgaria became again a serious threat to the Byzantine Empire and reached its greatest territorial extension. Simeon I hoped to take Constantinople and fought a series of wars with the Byzantines throughout his long reign (893–927). The border close to the end of his rule reached the Northern limits of Attica in the South. Simeon I styled himself "Emperor (Tsar) of the Bulgarians and Autocrat of the Greeks", a title which was recognized by the Pope, but not by the Byzantine Emperor nor the Ecumenical Patriarch of the Eastern Orthodox Church. He was recognized "Emperor (Tsar) of the Bulgarians" by the Byzantine Emperor and the Patriarch only at the end of his rule.
Between 894 and 896 he defeated the Byzantines and their allies the Magyars in the "Trade War", so-called because the pretext of the war was the shifting of the Bulgarian market from Constantinople to Solun. In the decisive battle of Bulgarophygon, the Byzantine army was routed, and the war ended favourably for Bulgaria, though the peace was often violated by Simeon I. In 904 he captured Solun, which was previously looted by the Arabs, and returned it to the Byzantines only after Bulgaria received all Slavic-populated areas in Macedonia and 20 fortress in Albania, including the important town Drach.
After the unrest in the Byzantine Empire following the death of Emperor Alexander in 913, Simeon I invaded Byzantine Thrace, but he was persuaded to stop in return for official recognition of his Imperial title and marriage of his daughter to the infant Emperor Constantine VII. Simeon I was supposed to become regent of the Emperor and to temporarily rule the Byzantine Empire. However, after a plot in the Byzantine court, Empress Zoe, mother of Constantine VII, rejected the marriage and Simeon's title, and both sides prepared for a decisive battle. By 917 Simeon I broke every attempt of the Empire to form an alliance with the Magyars, the Pechenegs, and the Serbs, and the Byzantines were forced to fight alone. On 20 August the two armies clashed at Anchialus in one of the greatest battles in the Middle Ages. The Byzantines suffered an unprecedented defeat, leaving 70,000 killed on the battlefield; the pursuing Bulgarian forces defeated the remainder of the enemy armies at Katasyrtai. Constantinople was saved by a Serb attack from the West; the Serbs were thoroughly defeated, but their attack allowed the Byzantine admiral and later Emperor Romanos Lakepanos to prepare the defense of the city. In the following decade the Bulgarians gained control of the whole Balkan peninsula with the exception of Constantinople and Pelopones.
In a Croatian–Bulgarian battle of 926, often called the "Battle of the Bosnian Highlands", Duke Alogobotur attacked Croatia. The Croatian forces under the leadership of their King Tomislav completely devastated the Bulgarian army and stopped Simeon's expansion westwards.
Decline.
After Simeon's death in 927, Bulgarian power slowly declined. In a peace treaty the same year, the Byzantines officially recognized the Imperial title of his son Peter I and the Bulgarian Patriarchate. Peace with Byzantium, however, did not bring prosperity to Bulgaria. From the beginning of his rule, Peter faced internal problems and unrest with his brothers, and in the 930s he was forced to recognize the independence of Rascia. The biggest blow came from the North: between 934 and 965 the country suffered five Magyar invasions. In 944 Bulgaria was attacked by the Pechenegs, who looted the northeastern regions of the Empire. Under Peter I and Boris II the country was divided by the egalitarian religious heresy of the Bogomils.
In 968 the country was attacked by the Kievan Rus, whose leader Svyatoslav I took Preslav and established his capital at Preslavets. Three years later, Byzantine Emperor John I Tzimiskes intervened in the struggle and defeated Svyatoslav at Dorostolon. Boris II was captured and ritually divested of his imperial title in Constantinople, and eastern Bulgaria was proclaimed a Byzantine protectorate.
Fall.
After the Byzantine takeover, the lands to the west of the Iskar River remained in Bulgarian hands, and resistance against the Byzantines was headed by the Comitopuli brothers. By 976, the fourth brother, Samuil, concentrated all power in his hands after the deaths of his eldest brother. When the rightful heir to the throne, Roman, escaped from captivity in Constantinople, he was recognized as Emperor by Samuil in Vidin, and the latter remained the chief commander of the Bulgarian army. A brilliant general and good politician, he managed to turn the fortunes to the Bulgarians. The new Byzantine Emperor Basil II was decisively defeated in the battle of the Gates of Trajan in 986 and barely escaped. Five years later he eliminated the Serbian state of Rascia. In 997, following the death of Roman, the last heir of the Krum dynasty, Samuil was proclaimed Emperor of Bulgaria. After 1001, however, the war turned in favor of the Byzantines, who captured the old capitals of Pliska and Preslav, and beginning in 1004 launched annual campaigns against Bulgaria. The Byzantines further benefited from a war between Bulgaria and the newly established Kingdom of Hungary in 1003. The Byzantine victories at Spercheios and Skopje decisively weakened the Bulgarian army, and in annual campaigns, Basil methodically reduced the Bulgarian strongholds. Eventually, at the Battle of Kleidion in 1014, the Bulgarians were completely defeated. The Bulgarian army was captured; it is said that 99 out of every 100 men were blinded, with the remaining hundredth man left with one eye so as to lead his compatriots home (earning Basil the moniker "Bulgaroktonos", the Bulgar Killer). When Tsar Samuil saw the broken remains of his army, he suffered a heart attack and died. By 1018, the last Bulgarian strongholds had surrendered and the First Bulgarian Empire was abolished.
Culture.
The cultural heritage of the First Bulgarian Empire is usually defined in Bulgarian historiography as the Pliska-Preslav culture, named after the first two capitals, Pliska and Preslav, where most of the surviving monuments are concentrated. Many monuments of that period have been found around Madara, Shumen, Novi Pazar, the village of Han Krum in north-eastern Bulgaria, as well in the territory of modern Romania, where Romanian archaeologists called it the "Dridu culture" Remains left by the First Empire have also been discovered in southern Bessarabia, now divided between Ukraine and Moldova.
Architecture.
The most important feature of the early Bulgarian architecture was monumental construction known to the Romans but not used in the contemporary Byzantine Empire. There were two main types of construction employed in the building of Pliska. For the first one the construction materials were timber and bricks. The second type was construction of defensive walls using large carved limestone blocks put together with plaster. The same method was used in the construction of the fortress of Preslav, the military camp at Han Krum, the hunting palace in Madara, and in the fortress on the island of Păcuiul lui Soare. Fortresses were mainly situated in the plains, unlike those constructed during the Second Bulgarian Empire.
After the adoption of Christianity in 864, intensive construction of churches and monasteries began throughout the Empire, including the Great Basilica of Pliska, which was one of the biggest structures of the time with its length of 99 m, and the splendid Golden Church in Preslav. Most of the churches built during that period had three naves. The Bulgarian capital was also famous for the ceramics that adorned its public and religious buildings. Beautiful icons and church altars were made of special ceramic tiles. There were numerous goldsmith and silversmith workshops producing fine jewellery.
Ceramics.
One of the most famous features of the Pliska-Preslav culture was the decoration of palaces and churches with lacquered ceramic plates, which may indicate a Near Eastern (Arabic) influence. The ceramic plates were painted mostly with geometric or vegetative elements, while a few feature depictions of saints. Among the most notable of those is the well-preserved, 20-tile "Icon of St Theodore", found in the ruins of the Saint Panteleimon Monastery in the outskirts of Preslav. The tiles were either flat or tubular and were arranged to form friezes of repeating motifs. Due to the destruction of Pliska and Preslav, only fragments and details of the ceramic decoration have survived. Most finds of tiles, as well as archaeological evidence of the workshops producing them, come from Preslav and the surrounding region (chiefly the village of Patleina).
The main sources for Bulgarian domestic use-oriented pottery are the necropoleis at Novi Pazar, Devnya, and Varna. The vessels were made with a potter's wheel, unlike Slavic practice. Two-story ovens were used for the annealing of the pottery. The shape and decoration of the early Bulgarian pottery was similar to that found in northern Caucasus, the Crimea, and the shores of the Sea of Azov.
Literature.
Bulgarian literature is the oldest Slavic literature. Missionaries from Thessalonica, Cyril and Methodius, devised the Glagolitic alphabet, which was adopted in the Bulgarian Empire around 886. The alphabet and the Old Bulgarian language gave rise to a rich literary and cultural activity centered around the Preslav and Ohrid Schools, established by order of Boris I in 886. In the beginning of the 10th century, a new alphabet — the Cyrillic script - was developed on the basis of Greek and Glagolitic cursive at the Preslav Literary School. According to an alternative theory, the alphabet was devised at the Ohrid Literary School by Saint Clement of Ohrid, a Bulgarian scholar and disciple of Cyril and Methodius. A pious monk and hermit, St. Ivan of Rila (Ivan Rilski, 876–946), became the patron saint of Bulgaria.
During his reign Simeon gathered many scholars in his court who translated an enormous number of books from Greek and wrote many new works. Among the most prominent figures were Constantine of Preslav, John Exarch, and Chernorizets Hrabar, who is believed by some historians to have been Simeon himself. Chernorizets Hrabar wrote his popular work "An Account of Letters", Clement of Ohrid worked on translations from Greek and is credited with several important religious books, John Exarch wrote his "Shestodnev" and translated "On Orthodox Christianity" by John of Damascus, Naum of Preslav also had a significant contribution. Bulgarian scholars and works influenced most of the Slavic world, spreading Old Church Slavonic and the Cyrillic and Glagolithic alphabets to Kievan Rus', medieval Serbia, and medieval Croatia, as well as to non-Slavic medieval Wallachia and Moldavia.
Religion.
After the creation of the Bulgarian state, the Bulgars and the Slavs continued to practice their indigenous religions. The Bulgar religion was monotheistic, and they believed in Tangra, the God of the Sky. When Omurtag and Leo V the Armenian concluded a peace treaty in 815, the Byzantine Emperor had to make an oath according to the Bulgarian traditions. Byzantine historians recorded that the "most Christian" ruler had to perform different pagan rites including cutting dogs and using them as witnesses for his oath. The Slavs worshiped numerous deities, and their supreme god was Perun. There is evidence that Christianity remained widespread in Bulgaria during the first 150 years of its existence. In the mid-9th century, Boris I decided to adopt Christianity in order to firmly unite the population of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="2843785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843785" title="Chad Reed">
Chad Reed

Chad Mark Reed AM (born 15 March 1982, in Kurri Kurri, Australia) is an Australian motocross and supercross racer. He is a multi-time supercross and motocross champion. He was taught from a young age as being capable of competing at the sports most elite level. He has proven to be the most consistent supercross/motocross racer in the 2000-2009 decade. He has since ascended the international ranks of the sport to become Australia's most successful motocross racer.
Amateur career.
After a few years of honing his skills on 80s, Chad's amateur career really started to take off in 1997 when he took the top spot at the Australian Junior Championship.
Australian career.
2010
Reed raced the first round of the 2010 Super X series held at Energy Australia Stadium, Newcastle on a Honda sponsored by Vodafone. Reed won the event beating Americans Josh Hansen and Justin Brayton who finished in second and third respectively.
2009
Chad Reed, aboard his new Monster Energy Kawasaki KX-450F, won 4 out of the 7 rounds of the series. Reed won the championship by beating Daniel Reardon by 23 points. This is Reed's fourth Australian Supercross Championship.
2008
In 2008 Reed was responsible for developing and partially funding the new Australian Supercross Championships, dubbed Super-X. He also competed in the series and dominated all but one race to take the Australian Supercross Championship. Reed won 6 out of the 7 races.
2007
Reed revisited his home in Australia to race the Raymond Terrace, round 4, of the Australian Motocross series. He beat Daniel Reardon with a 1-1 performance, providing Reardon with international notoriety for holding Reed off for a significant portion of the races.
1998-2000
Reed formally began his professional career in Australia in 1998. He emerged from the Australian junior ranks to compete in the then-premier 250cc class, bypassing the traditional stepping stone of 125cc racing. Reed was immediately competitive in both motocross and supercross, winning the Australian 250cc Supercross Championship in 1999 and 2000.
International career.
2014 
After disappointing 2013 season, which he finished twice in the podium, one in Anaheim 2, and the other in St. Louis, Reed returned racing and has switched brands of motorcycle from Honda to Kawasaki, but he continues to ride his own team and owner rider for Discount Tire and TwoTwo Motorsports. Throughout the season, Reed continues to struggle and ride hard with a new bike, but he finished 3rd in the Season Opener in Anaheim. He got back up passing Ken Roczen for 2nd place and then James Stewart, Jr. for the lead, and won the 3rd round in Anaheim 2, and got back up leading all 20 laps and won the 5th Round in Anaheim 3. While competing at Round 6 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, Reed crashed hard in the whoops on the Final Lap after clipping Ken Roczen's rear wheel as he tried to take over 3rd place and then suffered a shoulder injury. He tried to race in Arlington, Texas during qualifying practice and his shoulder is getting worse due to a broken collarbone. Consequently, Reed was forced to drop out the remainder of the 10 rounds of the 2014 AMA Supercross Series while sitting second in overall championship points.
2013 
After the long hiatus, Reed returned racing with his new bike and new name Discount Tire, but he keeps his TwoTwo Motorsports Honda. While battling with Ryan Villopoto, Davi Millsaps, Ryan Dungey, Trey Canard and Justin Barcia, Reed struggles to ride hard, even though he tried to get the pass for the lead. On March 23, 2013, Reed announced after the race in Toronto, Canada that he had a knee surgery on Tuesday, and missed one round of competition in Houston, Texas. He did came back in Minneapolis to race, however, in the Main Event in Seattle, Reed crashed in the first corner, where he tweaked his right arm, although he's getting better and came back in Salt Lake City, but he had problems with his engine, and result of putting him in the LCQ, and finished the lead. In the Main Event in Salt Lake City, he was getting lapped by the leaders Ryan Villopoto, Davi Millsaps, and Ryan Dungey on Lap 16, and resulted of finishing 10th Place.
2012 
While competing at the seventh round of the 2012 AMA Supercross series in Dallas Texas and going in an Epic Battle with Ryan Villopoto, Reed crashed and sustained numerous injuries including his left knee. The most serious of the injuries required surgery for a torn ACL. Consequently, Reed was forced to drop out of the 2012 title chase while sitting second in overall championship points.
2011 After racing & winning the first round of Super X in Newcastle, Australia in October, Reed returned to the USA to test various bikes and teams searching for a suitable 2011 team structure. Reed embraced social media using Twitter to publish hints as to the likely brand of bike and apparel that he would be using in the 2011 AMA Supercross series. Failing negotiations with established teams, Reed decided to create his own team, TwoTwo Motorsports, aboard a Honda CRF450R, with support from Honda, Bel Ray, Shift and many other sponsors. 
The 2011 season had been a 5 way battle between Reed, Ryan Villopoto, James Stewart, Jr., Ryan Dungey and Trey Canard. It came down to the final race in Las Vegas between Ryan Villopoto, Reed, and Ryan Dungey. Reed won the Las Vegas race but lost the championship by 4 points to Ryan Villopoto. Reed was presented with the "2011 Rock Hard - Ride Hard Bret Michaels Supercross Award." at Vegas for his great work starting a new team and still finishing 2nd in the championship.
2010
For the 2010 season, Reed joined new team mate Ryan Villopoto riding the KX-450F for the Monster Energy Kawasaki Racing Team. Reed failed to finish during the round one final due to a collision with another racer's footpeg, breaking spokes in his front wheel. During round two he collided with James Stewart, Jr. in the final, breaking his hand resulting in another DNF. Reed returned to race round 13 of the supercross series, and despite having a bad start, Reed finished fourth. Chad Reed withdrew from competition stating he has Epstein Barr Virus. In an open letter published on his website Reed admits that becoming a new dad and also the death of his close personal friend Andrew McFarlane may be reasons people look to for his poor performance.
2009
Reed joined team Rockstar Makita Suzuki for the 2009 season. Reed battled hard with his rival James Stewart, Jr. during the 2009 AMA supercross championship, narrowly losing the title to Stewart by 4 points. Reed won 3 races in this season.
Reed elected to race the 2009 motocross season after a 2 year hiatus. He won the AMA Motocross Championship at round ten, out of the 12 round series. He also won the Monster Energy Triple Crown Championship during the motocross season. He won 5 out of the 12 races in this season.
2008 
In 2008 Reed won 9 out of 14 races in the AMA Supercross season to edge out Kevin Windham and win the AMA Supercross title for the second time. This was a season full of great battles with Reed duking it out against Davi Millsaps, Kevin Windham, and Josh Hill for race wins, with Reed in the end winning the championship by 13 points over Kevin Windham.
2007
For 2007 Reed announced his plans to leave the factory Yamaha team to form his own private team, similar to Jeremy McGrath in the past. Obtaining support from Yamaha, The San Manuel Band of Mission Indians, Thor and Nike, even brought in McGrath's former team manager Larry Brooks to spearhead the new effort, dubbed L&M Racing. Reed took 1 win for the season and finished 2nd in the title chase to James Stewart, Jr.
2006
In 2006 Reed was again very competitive despite suffering a level three shoulder separation in mid-season which hampered his ability to compete to his highest ability. Going into the final event of the season, Reed and Carmichael were tied for the points lead, making the 2006 season the closest AMA Supercross championship in history. Reed took third place that night to Carmichael's second, narrowly losing the 2006 AMA Supercross title to Carmichael by only two points. Reed won 2 races that season.
Reed was in 2nd in the AMA Nationals until he had to withdraw from the Nationals after the Millville round, citing the recurrent shoulder injury.
2005 
2005 marked the much anticipated entry of James Stewart to the 250cc class alongside Reed and Carmichael. Each scored multiple wins making for an exciting season but again it was Carmichael winning the championship with 7 wins over Reed in 2nd with 5 wins and Stewart in 3rd with 3 wins.
2004 
In 2004 Reed won the 2004 AMA 250cc Supercross series, battling with Kevin Windham, Michael Byrne and Tim Ferry with Reed earning 10 victories for the season.
Reed finished 2nd to Carmichael in that year's motocross season.
2003
Reed moved to the 250cc class in 2003 riding for Factory Yamaha. In his rookie 250cc Supercross season Reed finished second to chief rival Ricky Carmichael, losing the title by only 7 points to Carmichael despite winning 8 races to Carmichael's 7.
Reed finished his first 250cc Motocross season a distant third behind Carmichael and Kevin Windham.
2002
Reed moved to the USA in 2002 and picked up a ride with Yamaha of Troy. Reed won all but two supercross races that season to win the 125cc East Coast Supercross championship.[http://www.supercross.com/rider-profiles/795-chad-reed]
Reed won his first and only 125cc National victory at Mount Morris, PA, and finishing the season third behind James Stewart Jr. and Branden Jesseman.
2001
Reed traveled to Europe in 2001 to compete in the FIM World 250ccc Motocross Championships, riding for Jan DeGroot's factory Kawasaki team. Reed was a revelation aboard his KX250, winning the Grand Prix of Lierop (Netherlands) and eventually finishing the year second to multi-time World Champion Mickaël Pichon. He is the first Australian to win a world 250cc GP race.
Sponsorships.
In November 2010, Reed announced the formation of his own race team called TwoTwo Motorsports. He recruited an amateur rider named Nick Howard (2-time 125cc Motocross Champion). Howard is now a part of Reed's racing team. He also recruited a number of industry stalwarts to help with the operation and will ride a Honda CRF450 with technical support from ProCircuit. He announced a sponsorship from Bel-Ray oils and Shift clothing.
Honda (2010–2013), Kawasaki (2000–2001, 2009–2010, 2013–present), Suzuki (1999–2000,2008–09), Yamaha (2001–2008)
Fox Racing, Shift, Alpinestars, Pro Circuit, Discount Tire
Honours.
On 13 June 2011, Reed was named a Member of the Order of Australia for service to motorsports as a professional supercross motorcycle rider at national and international levels, and to the community.

</doc>
<doc id="2843793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843793" title="ProgPower USA">
ProgPower USA

ProgPower USA is a progressive and power metal festival held annually in the United States since 2001. Its most recent edition was held at Center Stage in Atlanta, Georgia on September 4 – September 7, 2013. ProgPower USA XV is scheduled to take place September 10 – 13, 2014. The festival's band selection process focuses on quality over quantity. In addition to the emphasis on the power and progressive metal genres, the festival has branched out into other genres with the inclusion of the "oddball" slot that doesn't fit the normal motif. ProgPower USA gives bands that have never performed in the States a chance to test the waters so to speak, and it also allows them to interact with fans more than ever. The festival has been described as a cultural experience for fans with autograph signing sessions, guest appearances, reunions, and meet-and-greets. The festival has hosted over 70 bands' USA debuts including Blind Guardian, Gamma Ray, Nightwish, and Stratovarius.
History.
ProgPower USA began in 2001. The very first festival was February 23–24, 2001, in Lansing, Illinois, just outside of Chicago, at J.J. Kelley's. The subsequent events have been held in Atlanta, Georgia, at Center Stage Atlanta (formerly Earthlink Live).
Festival founder and promoter, Glenn Harveston's notion of ProgPower USA began over dinner among friends after attending the Powermad festival in Baltimore, Maryland. As the festival progressed, the roster scope diversified with the intent of reaching a larger fan base. The brand's international success is based upon an unofficial partnership with ProgPower Europe. The festival overcame early hardship from an attendance perspective due to the tragic events of September 11 at ProgPower II and flourished with multiple sell-outs over the next 13 years.
Lineups.
February 2001.
ProgPower USA I was held at J.J. Kelley's in Lansing, Illinois on February 23–24, 2001.
November 2001.
ProgPower USA II was held at Center Stage (then called Earthlink Live) in Atlanta, Georgia on November 9 & 10, 2001.
References.
1. EvilG. "Heart of Steel: Interviews Glenn Harveston Organizer of ProgPower USA." Metal-Rules. March 2003. Web. 28 Nov. 2013.
2. http://vimeo.com/75257334
3. Gromen, Mark. "Onstage ProgPower VII." Metal Maniacs. February 2007: 108-109. Print.
4. Wagner, Jeff; Wilson, Steven (2010). . Bazillion Points Books. p. 331. ISBN 0979616336.
5. Devani, Sarjoo. "ProgPower USA VII." Explicitly Intense. 2006: 46-47. Print.
6. Hicks, Taylor. "ProgPower USA." Rock N Roll. December 2012: 50-51. Print.
7. Popke, Michael. "A Progressively Metallic Power Play: ProgPower USA V Unfolds with Plenty of Surprises and Establishes itself as one of the World's Elite Music Festivals." Progression Magazine. Spring 2005: 71-74. Print.
8. Ollila, Mape (2007). . Deggael Communications. p. 191. ISBN 9789529974924.
9. Murphy, Bill. "Glenn Harveston: “I Think I Have Reached An Elite Level With This Festival”. Dark Rhapsody. December 2007. Web. 28 Nov. 2013.
10. Mendonca, Milton. "Audio Interview with ProgPower USA Promoter, Glenn Harveston PART 1." YouTube. 12 November 2012. 28 Nov. 2013.
11. Reesman, Bryan. "A Ride with Dream Theater's John Petrucci." Grammy.com. September 2013. Web. 28 Nov. 2013.
12. De Campos, Vanessa. "ProgPower USA IX Atlanta, 26th September 2008." Fireworks. March/April 2009: 77-78. Print. Issue 35
13. Johnsen, Matt. "ProgPower 2.0." Metal Maniacs. August 2002: 96-98. Print.
Further reading.
28 Nov. 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2843794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843794" title="ProgPower Europe">
ProgPower Europe

ProgPower Europe (formerly ProgPower) is a progressive and power metal festival held annually in the Netherlands since 1999. The last edition, the 15th, was held at Sjiwa in Baarlo from 4 October – 6 October 2013. Headliners were Shadow Gallery, Fates Warning and The Ocean.
History.
The beginnings of ProgPower Europe started in November 1998 by René Janssen (mostly known from his activities for the Dutch Progressive Rock Pages) decided the time had come for a special event in the progressive metal scene. So he started looking around for other prog metal fans who would be willing to organise a festival with him. The first ProgPower Europe took place in November 1999 at 013 in Tilburg, Netherlands. All the follow on events have taken place at Sjiwa in Baarlo, Netherlands.
ProgPower Europe Specials.
Some special performances were given at ProgPower Europe:

</doc>
<doc id="2843795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843795" title="Soldier Creek Wilderness">
Soldier Creek Wilderness

Soldier Creek Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of Nebraska. Created by an act of Congress in 1986, the wilderness is managed by the U.S. Forest Service and covers an area of 7,794 acres (31.54 km2) within the Pine Ridge section of the Nebraska National Forest. The wilderness experienced a large wildfire in 1989, which destroyed almost 90 percent of the ponderosa pine forest, which today is slowly rebounding. The threatened Bald eagle can be found here, as can white-tailed deer, mule deer, bobcats, coyotes and numerous other mammals. The region, which was originally established as a timber reservation for nearby Fort Robinson, was utilized by the U.S. Cavalry from the late 19th century through World War II for its excellent horse pastures along Soldier Creek. A series of trails pass two windmills that are still functioning, even though they are not maintained and are over 100 years old. A popular destination for horseback riding, the wilderness is the larger of the two federally-designated wilderness areas in Nebraska.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles. Although camping and fishing are allowed with a proper permit, no roads or buildings are constructed and there is also no logging or mining, in compliance with the 1964 Wilderness Act. Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting (in season).

</doc>
<doc id="2843796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843796" title="Idriss Ndele Moussa">
Idriss Ndele Moussa

Idriss Ndele Moussa Yayami (17 April 1959 in Faya-Largeau, Chad, Africa – 20 May 2013) was the president of the African Union's Pan-African Parliament from 2009-2012. He became president on May 29, 2009. The other leading contenders for the presidency were Sawadogo Lassane and Mostefa Abdelaziz El-Gendy. Moussa received a majority of votes of the members of the Pan-African Parliament.
A dental surgeon by profession, Moussa has served as Assistant Professor at the Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Ndjamena. He is married and has six children.
Moussa has held several leadership positions within the National Assembly of Chad, and has served for several years in the Pan-African Parliament.
He also served Secretary General of the Conseil Supérieur de Transition (CST), which acted as a provisional parliament from the National Sovereign Conference in Chad. He was a member of the African Union mission to observe the parliamentary elections in Mauritius in 2005, member of the PAP mission to observe the general elections in Zimbabwe in 2008, and Head of the PAP mission to observe the parliamentary elections in Angola in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2843798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843798" title="Bagley-class destroyer">
Bagley-class destroyer

The "Bagley" class of destroyers was built by the United States. All eight ships were ordered and laid down in 1935 and subsequently completed in 1937. Their layout was based upon the "Gridley"-class destroyer design, but they retained the power plants of the "Mahan"-class destroyers, and thus had a lesser speed than the "Gridley"s. The "Bagley" class destroyers were readily distinguished visually by the external trunking of their boiler uptakes around their single stack.
All eight "Bagley" destroyers were present at the Attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941, comprising Destroyer Squadron Four. They all served in the Pacific during World War II, with "Jarvis", "Blue", and "Henley" lost in combat. In 1944 "Mugford" suffered extensive damage from a kamikaze hit that put her out of combat for six months.
The remaining four "Bagley"s operated as Destroyer Squadron Six, with "Ralph Talbot" receiving a kamikaze hit off Okinawa. "Bagley" accepted the surrender of Japanese forces on Marcus Island.
"Bagley", "Helm", and "Patterson" were decommissioned in 1945 and scrapped in 1947. "Mugford" and "Ralph Talbot", still in commission, were targets during the Operation Crossroads atomic bomb tests at Bikini atoll in 1946. Contaminated by radiation, they were scuttled off Kwajalein in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="2843799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843799" title="ProgPower">
ProgPower

ProgPower is the name of four progressive and power metal festivals:

</doc>
<doc id="2843804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843804" title="Pius XI High School">
Pius XI High School

Pius XI High School is a private Catholic high school located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee. Its enrollment is approximately 900.
History.
Pius XI High School, named in honor of Pope Pius XI, was founded in 1929. Originally it offered only the first three years of high school. Thus, the first graduation occurred in 1937, when the first senior class was added to the school. Enrollment grew from a class of eight in 1937 to over 2,000 students throughout the 1960s and 1970s. Current enrollment is approximately 900 students.
The original four-story school building was constructed in 1930, with a two-story addition, for six stories total, completed in 1957. Additional classroom space, library space, science laboratories and general renovations were completed in 1998, and a field house was annexed in 2004. The original gymnasium has been remodeled into an auditorium, which was completed in the 2012-2013 school year.
Academics.
Pius offers almost 200 courses, more than any other school in the state, including almost 20 advanced placement, honors and accelerated courses. In recent years, Pius XI High School has twice been named a National Blue Ribbon School. Pius has more national board-certified teachers than any other private school in Wisconsin.
In 2007, several fine arts and English students were awarded 24 Gold and 16 Silver Key awards, some for portfolios from the National Scholastic Art & Writing Competition. In addition, several students have recently won awards and scholarships from the National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts, and the Wisconsin Regional ARTS Competition. Its students continue to receive awards for fine art. The Theater and English departments co-produced the Metro Milwaukee Young Playwrights Competition in 2005 and 2006 before the project was tabled.
The newest academic department is engineering, which offers a certified program called "Project Lead the Way" that prepares students for college engineering programs and allows them to earn college credit while in high school.
Schedules.
Instead of homerooms, Pius has TAC (Teacher Advisor Contact) rooms, a mixture of freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors. Each TAC is headed by a staff member called a "TAC teacher" that offers guidance to its TAC students. Pius has a modular scheduling system consisting of sixteen "Mods" of 22 minutes each, with 4 minutes between mods. Most classes are 2 mods long, making them a total of 48 minutes long (2 mods of 22 minutes, plus 4 minutes in between that are spent in class.). Courses meet two, three or four times per week and last from 22 minutes to 90 minutes. This system provides flexibility in the frequency and duration of individual courses, and approximates the scheduling systems used by colleges and universities.
Student government.
The Pius XI High School Student Forum is responsible for bringing student concerns to the administrative level, bringing administrative opinions, decisions, views and ideas to the student body, to solve or assist in the solving of school-wide problems and to act in the interest of the Pius XI community. The Forum is guided by a constitution that is renewed with each new set of representatives, board representatives and officers. The president of the Forum is elected to the position by the representatives at-large and the vice-president is nominated by the president and moderator, subject to approval of the Student Forum.
Athletics.
Milwaukee Pius is a member of the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association and participates in the Classic 8 Athletic Conference. In the Fall of 2011 it was announced that Milwaukee Pius will leave the Classic 8 Athletic Conference for the Woodland Conference first taking effect starting in Fall 2012. The male athletic teams play under the name "Popes", while the females are referred to as the "Lady Popes". For one season the Pius XI football team was renamed the "Storm", after which the name "Popes" was brought back permanently. Despite the papal nickname, no visual imagery that alludes to the Pope is used at sporting events. The team had an unofficial mascot of the "Sugar Bear," alluding to an advertisement from the 1960s. The "Sugar Bear" was absent from sporting events from 2004-2008 but made its triumphant return to the sidelines in 2009. It has been Pius' unofficial mascot for over 50 years. In 2010 the Lady Popes won their first WIAA Basketball State Championship.
The Popes and the Lady Popes Basketball teams were the last two teams to win the Wisconsin Independent Schools Athletic Association (WISAA) boys' and girls' state basketball championships. The boys' basketball team finished with a school record of 24-1 and #1 in the "Milwaukee Journal Sentinel's" state and area polls. The girls had 18 conference championships in as many years and 12 state titles.

</doc>
<doc id="2843805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843805" title="God Hates Japan">
God Hates Japan

God Hates Japan (神は日本を憎んでる, "Kami wa Nihon wo Nikunderu", in Japanese) is a 2001 novel by Douglas Coupland. It was released solely in Japan and has little English text in it. The book was published by Kadokawa Shoten and illustrated by Michael Howatson.
The story focuses on characters lost in the malaise that swept Japanese culture after the burst of the bubble economy in the late 1980s and early 1990s. It also depicts the way some of these characters lived in the shadow of a death cult's 1995 sarin-gas assault on Tokyo's subway system.

</doc>
<doc id="2843809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843809" title="Wallan, Victoria">
Wallan, Victoria

Wallan , traditionally known as Wallan Wallan, is a town in Victoria, from Melbourne on the Northern Highway in Australia.
The town sits at the southern end of the large and diverse Shire of Mitchell which extends from the northern fringes of Melbourne into the farming country of north-central Victoria and the lower Goulburn Valley. The township flanks the Northern Highway and is set against the backdrop of the Great Dividing Range. At the 2011 census, Wallan had a population of 7,811.
Overview.
The fastest growing town and now largest town in the shire, Wallan is a link between the city and rural towns as Kilmore, Broadford and Seymour. 15 kilometres to the north is a turnoff to Strath Creek which leads through the Valley of a Thousand Hills.
History.
A Wallan Wallan Post Office opened on 1 April 1858. A Wallan Railway Station Post Office opened on 1 October 1873, later renamed as Wallan Wallan East and closing in 1992.
The first and only surviving store was begun by Hugh and Margaret Sinclair about 1860 with their 2 storey residence. In 1867 Thomas O'Dwyer began a store where the Wallan Hotel now stands. He converted the store to the Woodmans Arms Hotel in 1883. George Wallder and John Kyle supplied meat to the township. The first church erected in Wallan was a wooden building at cost 71 pounds and was opened by the Methodist residents in 1865. Wallan became part of the preaching circuit in 1864 and the following year the modest chapel was built.
In the past, Wallan was a small village with only a few houses and a shop, but today it is known for the Hidden Valley Housing Development to the north. Until 1997 this was a private farm, however it has now been developed as a residential estate with a golf course running through the middle.
The Wellington Square Shopping Centre, opened in 2004, includes many corporate franchise businesses (mainly Victoria's biggest supermarket chain Safeway), creating competition for the already existing Coles Supermarket across the road.
In 2009, Wallan was used as a relief centre for those from surrounding towns affected by the Black Saturday fires.
Education.
Wallan offers both primary and secondary education. Wallan Primary School is known for the excellent standing and highly regarded in community. Private education can be sourced in the nearby town of Kilmore through Saint Patricks Primary and Assumption College. Childcare and Kindergarten programs in Wallan are offered by Eltham College Kids, Killara Child Care Centre and Dudley Street Child Care.
Transport.
Wallan is well connected with the V/Line train network on the Seymour line. Mitchell Shire also operates a town to station connecting bus service for peak hour commuters. There is a bus service from Barmah that serves Wallan to Southern Cross Station.
Growth.
Wallan has witnessed substantial growth in housing. Traditionally the growth was in the northern side of the town in the Hidden Valley area. The start of the Wallara Waters estate in Wallan East is a new addition to the town.
Being just outside Melbourne's metropolitan boundary, land in Wallan is fairly cheap which has allowed low-income families to make a living while commuting to the city for work. This has led to large growth in the town has it begins to take the form of an exurb. The railway station and nearby freeway access gives commuters quick access to the city. Public Transport Victoria has stated in their Metropolitan Rail Network Development Plan that Wallan should be connected to the electric Metro train network by 2033.
Parks.
Wallan has parks in prominent locations, such as Hadfield Park. However town lacks large parks and walkways in general. There are very limited recreational facilities in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="2843827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843827" title="Ngarindo Milengar">
Ngarindo Milengar

Ngarindo Milengar is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="2843830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843830" title="Budhwar">
Budhwar

Budhwar is a clan or gotra of Jats found in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana in India. They are Chandravanshi kshatriyas. Maharaja Budh was son of Maharaja Chandra. Chandravansha in Hindus started after Maharaja Chandra. Budhwars are descendant of Maharaja Budh. Budhwar Jats inhabit villages Ismailpur, Jat nagla, Himpur, Narainkhedi of Bijnor district in Uttar Pradesh and village Sunaria of Rohtak in Haryana.

</doc>
<doc id="2843831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843831" title="Alpha Epsilon Phi">
Alpha Epsilon Phi

Alpha Epsilon Phi (ΑΕΦ) is a sorority and member of the National Panhellenic Conference. It was founded on October 24, 1909 at Barnard College in Harlem, New York City by seven Jewish women; Helen Phillips Lipman, Ida Beck Carlin, Rose Gerstein Smolin, Augustina "Tina" Hess Solomon, Lee Reiss Liebert, Rose Salmowitz Marvin, and Stella Strauss Sinsheimer. The mission of Alpha Epsilon Phi Sorority is "to inspire and support exemplary women dedicated to friendship and a lifelong commitment to Alpha Epsilon Phi while building on the vision of our Jewish founders." It is a national sorority, meaning it has multiple chapters across the United States, rather than a local sorority, meaning it has strictly one site location and chapter. Although it is a historically Jewish sorority, it is not a religious organization and welcomes women of all religions and race who honor, respect and appreciate the Jewish faith and identity and are comfortable in a Jewish milieu to pledge for sisterhood.
History.
Out of a desire for friendship, mutual understanding and respect for the high ideals of womanhood, Alpha Epsilon Phi was founded. Seven Jewish Barnard College women met one day in 1909 to found a "club" where they could foster their aims and desires and became the founders of Alpha Epsilon Phi. At the time, not all sororities allowed Jewish women to join organizations. They were discriminated against and asked to make separate organizations. The discrimination was frustrating for Helen, above all others, and fostered the idea for forming their own chapter, promising friendship and sisterhood. The club encouraged community service, academic presence on campuses, an increased and positive social presence and reputation, and providing a "college home and family" for each of its sisters. This idea was the firm basis upon which Alpha Epsilon Phi was founded. ""It was her Phillips' idea and her persistence more than anything else that brought Alpha Epsilon Phi into existence," one founder wrote. "I sometimes think that some of those ties were more necessary to Helen than to the others in this group because Helen had no mother and no sisters or brothers, and to her a group of adopted sisters was more of a need and had more significance."
In the early 1900s a college education for a woman was quite rare. However, in 1907 Barnard College opened its door and young ladies from well-to-do families came to continue their high school studies. There were seven: Helen Phillips, Ida Beck, Rose Gerstein, Augustina Hess, Lee Reiss, Stella Strauss and Rose Salmowitz. Helen Phillips was the one who really inspired the idea of forming a club. She wanted some material thing to keep in closer contact with her friends. Helen suggested that the others meet in her room and discuss the possibilities of such a club. And so, on October 24, 1909, Alpha Epsilon Phi came into being. The other women met in Helen's room were not chosen because of any special scholastic prominence, financial circumstances or other arbitrary standards, but because they had a common heritage, shared common interests and were imbued with the ideals of true friendship. Still today are Helen, Ida, Rose, Augustina, Lee, Stella and Rose heroes and inspirations for Alpha Epsilon Phi chapters across the nation.
Symbols.
Crest
The columns of Alpha Epsilon Phi were added in 1916, the sorority's seventh year in existence. It was decided to create a simple insignia as opposed to an elaborate crest like that of most other Greek letter organizations. Each column of the insignia holds special significance to the members. The three columns Α, Ε and Φ represent faculty approval, student esteem and sorority fidelity, in order.
Gem
The pearl was chosen as the national gem by the founders. They chose the pearl because of its glowing beauty gained through years of growth and the fact that it is a jewel that literally grows. "Pearls" are symbols for philanthropic events sisters participate in. Different activities or events have different a different value of pearls; you earn them as you participate in philanthropies.
Badge
Each woman that has progressed from new member into sister receives a 24 karat gold badge with A. E, and Φ, on the front with 27 pearls. Α has 8 pearls, Ε has 9 pearls, and Φ has 10 pearls. On the back are the new sister's initials, marking it her own. 
Colors
The colors of green and white were also chosen in the beginning by the founders. They represent growth and fellowship, respectively.
Flower
The last symbol of Alpha Epsilon Phi which can be directly attributed to the founders is the flower. The lily of the valley was selected for its simple beauty and for the fact that it is green and white. The lily of the valley's Hebrew translation is "shoshannat-ha-amaqim."
Mascot
At the 1977 National Convention the giraffe was chosen as the mascot for Alpha Epsilon Phi. It stands the tallest and has the largest heart.
Open Motto
Multa Corda Una Causa... Many Hearts One Purpose was chosen as the open motto in the early years of the sorority because it best expressed the intentions of the founders of Alpha Epsilon Phi. Alpha Epsilon Phi sisters have a handshake to great one another, proving sister's are actual members of the sisterhood.
Tag Line
In 2001, the sorority unveiled its updated image, complete with a new tag line: Above All Else.
In full, the "Core Values Statement" is as follows: 
Above all else, Alpha Epsilon Phi inspires exemplary women who are:
Enriched by sisterhood and unconditional friendships,
Dedicated to selfless service and inspiring others, and
Committed to intellectual growth and personal development.
As a lifelong member of Alpha Epsilon Phi, I will:
Respect our shared heritage and traditions,
Exhibit high ideals and moral character,
Fulfill expectations and responsibilities of membership, and
Continually exemplify the values of beauty, strength and wisdom
as embodied by the three columns of our insignia.
Magazine
"Columns" is the official magazine of Alpha Epsilon Phi and published biannually in the fall and spring seasons. It is sent to collegians, alumnae volunteers, donors, subscribers, interfraternal partners and friends, and fraternity and sorority professionals and vice presidents of student affairs on campuses with AEPhi chapters. Families contribute to "Columns" to sponsor philanthropic events and activities that current members, alumnae, family members, and friends can participate in from Atlantic to Pacific.
Debuting as "Alpha Episilon Phi Quarterly" publication in November 1917, the magazine began with news, awards sisters' received, sisters in the media, and more. The title was changed to "Columns" in the late 1920s.
National philanthropies.
Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation
The Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation (abbreviated EGPAF) is a public charity which "seeks to prevent pediatric HIV infections and to eradicate pediatric AIDS through research, advocacy, and prevention and treatment programs." The organization was founded in 1988 by Elizabeth Glaser (Sigma Chapter), Susan DeLaurentis, and Susie Zeegen (Xi Chapter). There are over 15 nations that work with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric Aids Foundation. With more than 87 percent of the 1,000 international employees EGPAF has, the foundation is a leader in combating and eliminating Pediatric Aids.
In 1981, Elizabeth Glaser contracted HIV through a blood transfusion during childbirth. Elizabeth and her husband, Paul Glaser, later learned that she passed the virus to her children, Ariel and Jake, without knowing it. In 1988, Elizabeth and Paul lost seven year old Ariel to an AIDS-related illness. Immediately inspired by the love for their child, Elizabeth and Paul created the Pediatric AIDS Foundation with their friends Susie Zeegen and Susan DeLaurentis. The mother, couples, and friends summed up their intention with the mission statement: Giving hope to children and families affected by HIV and AIDS.
Elizabeth Glaser pledged AEPhi while a student at the University of Wisconsin. Young women of AEPhi across the United States carry on Elizabeth’s legacy by raising awareness of Pediatric Aids on their campuses through monthly small and annually grand philanthropic events for the community and sisterhood. Additionally, by donating much-needed funds in support of the mothers, children, and families helped by EGPAF, AEPhi’s recognized the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric Aids Foundation as one of its national philanthropies.
Sharsheret
Sharsheret is a national non-profit organization dedicated to serving the unique concerns of young Jewish women with breast cancer. It was founded in November 2001 by Rochelle Shorentz, a Law Clerk to United States Supreme Court Justice's Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a famous sister of Alpha Epsilon Phi. After Supreme Court Justice was diagnosed with breast cancer at 28 years old and researched the rising epidemic in young Jewish women and families with Rochelle Shorentz, the two partnered together to combat over 23,000 breast and ovarian cancer cases.
Sharsheret’s important contributions to women’s health, earned the organization the New York State Innovation in Breast Cancer Early Detection and Research Award, and selected as a member of the LIVESTRONG Young Adult Alliance. Rochelle Shorentz was brought onto the Federal Advisory Committee on Breast Cancer in Young Women by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention honorary members. In the same year, Sharsheret's motivation and drive promoted the launching of a national ovarian cancer organization.
By interacting with young Jewish families, women, and men alike, Sharsheret recognizes the increasing need for knowledge about breast and ovarian cancers. The organization hosts a variety of national events, such as the 2013 NYC Schlep: Jewish Breast & Ovarian Cancer Run/Walk, in New York City's Bryant Park.
Sharsheret is partnered with Alpha Episilon Phi off of their common love for support. Hebrew for "chain," Sharsheret acts as a link between all young Jewish women and their families, facing breast cancer at any stage, with the non-profit organization.
Organizational structure.
Otherwise known as Executive Board "Eboard," Alpha Epsilon Phi's Organizational Structure is broken down as follows:
President- Elected for calendar year. In charge of overseeing all of the chapters activities, reporting to advisors and other members of nationals as well as representing the sorority at Greek and college-wide events. President presides over all chapter meetings and runs executive board meetings. President oversees the activity of 7 Vice Presidents. President must have had prior experience on EBoard.
"VP Standards:} In charge of enforcing chapter's by-laws and constitution. VP standards deals with any judicial issues that come up with sisters of the chapter (violations of social policy, attendance or financial issues). VP standards presides over standards hearings and has members from each class who sit on standards board. VP standards is in charge of counting votes for elections and any other special votes.
VP Finance: In charge of setting and collecting member's dues as well as financing from nationals and the university. VP Finance is in charge of setting the chapter's budget for each semester and is in charge of reimbursing chapter members. VP finance is responsible for paying anyone owed by the chapter (venues, tshirt distributors, etc.)
VP Operations: In charge of all operational tasks for the chapter. This includes maintaining the listserve, taking minutes at each meeting, taking attendance at weekly chapter meetings as well as other chapter events. VP operations is in charge of all scheduling tasks for the chapter and serves as the secretary for the executive board.
VP Recruitment: Organizes all recruitment events as well as the details that correspond with them (finance, attendance, etc.), voting and works with nationals and panhellenic to establish total and quota. VP Recruitment is responsible for setting up the appropriate recruitment events during an "off semester".
VP New Member Education: In charge of all new member events that occur during the "pledge process." Runs new member meetings,new member events and serves as the liaison between sisters and new members. New Member educator deals with all issues the new members may have during the pledge process and is responsible to correspond with the chapter advisor and nationals during the pledge process.
VP Programming: Responsible to set up events for the chapter with on-campus residences, the overall university panhellenic and Inter-Greek Community (IGC) boards and the sorority's national philanthropies. These include educational events as well as philanthropic events.
VP Social Responsibility: Responsible for organizing social events with other groups on campus. Responsible to enforce appropriate and legal social policy throughout the sorority. Is in charge of organizing formal and semi-formal.

</doc>
<doc id="2843835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843835" title="Lang Lang River">
Lang Lang River

The Lang Lang River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment, located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Location and features.
The Lang Lang River rises in the Strzelecki Ranges in the East Poowong valley, north of the town of . The river flows generally northwest, then west, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its river mouth and emptying into the Western Port, near the town of Lang Lang. The river descends approximately over its course.
The river is fairly slow running and does flood occasionally with resultant disruptions to major roads like the South Gippsland Highway and Westernport Road and it can often leave residents stranded in nearby town Lang Lang.
Etymology.
In the Australian Aboriginal Boonwurrung language, there are two names for the river: Lang Lang Berin, meaning "stones" or "stony"; and Porbin yaluk, meaning "flowing creek or river".
The river is named in honour of an early settler in region, called Lang.

</doc>
<doc id="2843847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843847" title="Mousse (disambiguation)">
Mousse (disambiguation)

Mousse is a form of creamy dessert typically made from egg and cream.
Mousse may also refer to:
Not to be confused with:

</doc>
<doc id="2843850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843850" title="Hovhannes Shiraz">
Hovhannes Shiraz

Hovhannes Shiraz () (April 27, 1915 – March 14, 1984) was a notable Armenian poet.
Biography.
He was born Hovhannes (Onik) Tadevosi Karapetyan in the city of Alexandropol, then part of the Russian Empire (now Gyumri, Armenia). His mother, Astghik, was widowed by the Armenian Genocide shortly before his birth.
Hovhannes Shiraz studied in Yerevan State University and Moscow Maxim Gorky Literature Institute. In 1958, Shiraz published the first volume of his anthology "Knar Hayastani" (Lyre of Armenia). The second and third volumes were published in 1965 and 1974. These collections include the best examples of Shiraz's poetry.
Most of Shiraz's publications were poetry. He is an author of very popular patriotic and love poems included "Ani", "My mother", "May my love remain a secret", "Siamanto and Khjezare", "Expromt", "Like the pagan love", "My holy Homeland", "The fate of Armenians", "To Andranik", etc. He wrote "The Armenian Dante-esque" about the Armenian genocide, a subject that was banned in Soviet Union. The first version of this masterpiece was written in 1941. Only short passages from this work were published during his life in Soviet Armenia, and some chapters were published in Beirut and Tehran. The entire poem (over 8000 lines) was published in 1990 in Yerevan.
He was buried at Komitas Pantheon, Yerevan, Armenia, along with other distinguished Armenians.
He married famous Armenian poetess Silva Kaputikyan. His son with Kaputikyan, Ara Shiraz, is a sculptor. Shiraz had seven children with his second wife, Shushanik Shiraz ("Aristakesyan", 1937-2006). Their son Sipan Shiraz was a poet.
Yerevan school #169 and a street in Julfa of Isfahan are named after him. Hovhannes Shiraz’s House-Museum is opened in a 19th Century building in Gyumri.
Personality.
Shiraz was known for his good sense of humour. In early 1960s, John Steinbeck visited poet's apartment in Yerevan, and then wrote in a letter: "...men are closest together when they laugh together. And I remember that in Yerevan we laughed together a great deal."
Yevgeny Yevtushenko and Alexander Gitovich dedicated poems to Shiraz.
Shiraz was an anti-establishment poet who was very popular with the people of Soviet Armenia but fought against its corrupt Soviet leadership all his life. When in 1974 the known critic Suren Aghababyan has brought to Shiraz the news about awarding of the Order of Lenin, the answer has followed: "And what they Soviet government want in exchange? To buy my silence?"
Poetry.
Shiraz is an author of about forty poetry books and translations. His rich vocabulary and sensitive style, enhanced by folk and colloquial elements, made his poetry one of the highest achievements of Armenian literature. Critics consider many of his works masterpieces. According to Paruyr Sevak, "The modern Armenian poetry has risen on the "ridge" of Shiraz". "Shiraz is a great talent, we should be proud and consider as a great honor that we personally know him", wrote William Saroyan. Shiraz built his poems with Armenian "tuff of emothions", added Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
<poem style="margin-left: 4em; font-style: italic;">
In my dreams my door was knocked at,
"Who is it?" I asked from inside.
Some elderly lady from the outside
Answered and said, "I'd sacrifice myself for you."
"I've come to ask for a piece of bread as charity
I'm a poor orphan woman with no one to support me."
At this point I opened my door immediately,
Only to find a miracle; it was my deceased mother indeed!
I was shocked but fell into her arms;
And my mother said, "It's me, it's me,
I've come to try you and to check on you.
I hope life hasn't changed your spirit and also you?!"
I came in the form of a beggar
So that the whole world can be a witness
To see if your conscience, my dear son,
If your conscience also died along with me?!"
</poem>
Poems of Shiraz are known throughout the former USSR (his works were translated by Arseny Tarkovsky and Nikolay Aseev) and abroad. Anyways, as Andrey Dementyev writes, Hovhannes Shiraz, like Sergey Yesenin, uses many metaphors, so it's very hard to translate his poems.
During a meeting with Soviet writers, to demonstrate what kind of poetry he liked best, Hindi writer Bhisham Sahni, showed a journal containing some poems by Hovhannes Shiraz.

</doc>
<doc id="2843852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843852" title="Kurt Schmoke">
Kurt Schmoke

Kurt Lidell Schmoke (born December 1, 1949) is the President of the University of Baltimore (UB), succeeding Robert Bogomolny. Previously, Schmoke was Dean of the Howard University School of Law and a former mayor of Baltimore, Maryland. The son of Murray (civilian chemist for the US Army) and Irene B. Reid (social worker), he attended the public schools of Baltimore. He was the first elected African-American mayor of Baltimore.
High school.
Athletics.
Schmoke attended the Baltimore City College, the third oldest high school in the United States and the largest high school in Maryland at the time of his graduation in 1967. Schmoke excelled in both football and lacrosse. His speed afoot and his passing accuracy won him the starting job as the varsity and junior varsity quarterback. As the varsity quarterback, he led the City Knights to two undefeated seasons and successive Maryland Scholastic Association A-conference championships in 1965 and 1966.
Civic commitment at an early age.
As a student, Schmoke was a member of the Baltimore City College "A-course", a college preparatory curriculum that required him to take Latin and other advanced studies not offered to the average Baltimore high school student. Schmoke was elected president of the school's student government in his senior year but also worked in the Baltimore community with disadvantaged youth. Compulsory community service had not yet been mandated for Baltimore high school students; yet he tutored and mentored young men from the inner city as a member of the Lancers boys club.
College and graduate school.
Schmoke entered Yale University in the fall of 1967. He played quarterback on the freshman team that year. While at Yale, Schmoke and his classmates started a day care center on campus for the children of the university's janitors and cafeteria workers who lived in New Haven. The center was named after Calvin Hill, a former Yale football star, and still stands today.
Schmoke has been acknowledged as the undergraduate student leader who helped quell the possibility of riot on the Yale campus in the wake of the New Haven Black Panther trials in the spring of 1970. As New Haven filled with radical protesters, Yale students demanded the suspension of classes. A bitterly divided faculty met to discuss strategy, and invited a student leader to address the gathering. Schmoke, who was Secretary of the Class of 1971 and a leader of the Black Student Alliance at Yale, was selected to represent the students. He spoke only a few sentences: "The students on this campus are confused, they're frightened. They don't know what to think. You are older than we are, and are more experienced. We want guidance from you, moral leadership. On behalf of my fellow students, I beg you to give it to us." This moment is credited with helping to dispel the growing tensions: the university voted to bend its rules, making classes "voluntarily optional" to the end of the term, and despite small outbreaks of violence, no campus-wide unrest resulted.
After graduating from Yale with a degree in history (1971), Schmoke studied as a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University, and graduated from Harvard Law School in 1976.
Schmoke was selected with five other distinguished former collegiate student-athletes for a Silver Anniversary Award by the NCAA in 1996.
Early career.
He then joined the Baltimore law firm of Piper and Marbury and was part of the White House Domestic Policy Staff during the Carter Administration, before returning to Baltimore as Assistant United States Attorney in 1978.
Elective office.
In 1982 Schmoke ran for his first elected office. He challenged incumbent Baltimore City State's Attorney William A. Swisher in a city-wide contest. Swisher had won the job away from Milton B. Allen, Baltimore's first African American State's Attorney. Schmoke ran an energetic, grass roots and race neutral campaign and upset Swisher in a landslide.
On November 3, 1987, he was elected mayor. As mayor, he became known for his opposition to the "War on Drugs" and his stance in favor of drug decriminalization. Schmoke initiated programs in housing, education, public health and economic development. During his three terms in office Schmoke faced very serious challenges, including poor quality schools, drug addiction, and violent crime. Some of his controversial positions included advocating the decriminalization of drug use, and employing Nation of Islam security guards in a housing project. His achievements included improving the environment of low-income housing projects, a needle-exchange program for addicts, keeping the tax rate stable, and attracting the Ravens football team to Baltimore.
In 1997, Schmoke served as a committee member for the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence. 
In 1992, President George H. W. Bush awarded him the national Literacy Award for his efforts to promote adult literacy, and in 1994 President Bill Clinton cited Baltimore's programs to improve public housing and enhance community economic development and named Baltimore one of six cities to receive Empowerment Zone designation. After serving three terms, Schmoke opted not to run for reelection in 1999.
Advocacy for school choice and school vouchers.
In 1999 Schmoke delivered some remarks on the subject of school choice and school vouchers at a Manhattan Institute luncheon in New York. An edited version of transcript of that speech entitled "Why School Vouchers Can Help Inner-City Children" is available online and in that brief web page, "Schmoke explains why he believes school choice and vouchers will improve the quality of public education for America’s youth, particularly inner-city minority children." 
Schmoke first came out in support of school choice in a speech at Johns Hopkins University in March of 1996.
Life after politics.
After leaving office in December 1999, Schmoke practiced law at the firm of Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering in Baltimore.
In 2003, Schmoke was appointed the dean of the Howard University School of Law in Washington, D.C. In 2004, Schmoke was appointed an honorary fellow of Balliol College, Oxford. He is also on the board of Global Rights, and a member of the Christian and Missionary Alliance. In 2008, Schmoke delivered the keynote lecture, “A New Hundred Years War? The Compelling Need to Reform National Drug Control Policy” for the Edward Bouchet Conference on Diversity in Graduate Education at Yale University.
He also appeared in two 2004 episodes of the acclaimed HBO series "The Wire". The episodes, entitled "Middle Ground" and "Mission Accomplished", featured Schmoke in a bit part as a health commissioner. He acts as an advisor to the fictional mayor after a rogue police major has legalized drugs in a portion of the city. This is a reference to his own feelings on the drug war.
In July 2008 Kurt Schmoke became the acting Senior Vice President of Academic Matters at Howard University, a position that was previously held by Richard English, PhD, making him provost for the university. Schmoke will continue as Dean of the Howard University School of Law. It had been rumored that he was going to be named the new President, but he had denied the claim on several occasions. Schmoke also teaches election law as a seminar class every fall semester to third year law students.
In January 2009, Schmoke was seen holding an umbrella for Illinois Senate designee Roland Burris during an outdoor press conference concerning Burris' seating controversy. Schmoke was part of the legal team advising Burris during the controversy.
On May 14, 2014, the University of Baltimore announced that Schmoke would become its new president.

</doc>
<doc id="2843856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843856" title="Puffed rice">
Puffed rice

Puffed rice or pori is a type of puffed grain made from rice, commonly used in breakfast cereal or snack foods, and served as a popular street food in India. It is usually made by heating rice kernels under high pressure in the presence of steam, though the method of manufacture varies widely. 
Production.
A traditional puffed rice called "muri" ("sometimes spelled mouri") is made by heating rice in a sand-filled oven. Muri is to rice as popcorn is to corn. The processing involved makes rice less perishable. Mandakki is a staple food in many parts of Rayalaseema, North Karnataka, Odisha, West Bengal and Bangladesh. Jhalmuri or Masalemandakki is a very popular preparation made from mandakki (muri).
Puffed rice is formed by the reaction of both starch and moisture when heated within the shell of the grain. Unlike popcorn, rice kernels are naturally lacking in moisture and must first be conditioned with steam. Puffed rice can be created by heating the steam-conditioned kernels either with oil or in an oven. Rice puffed in this way is crisp, and known as "crisped rice". Oven-crisped rice is used to produce the Rice Krispies breakfast cereal as well as the crisped rice used in Lion Bars, Nestlé Crunch, Krackel, and similar chocolate bars. Though not as dramatic a change when compared to popcorn, the process and end result are the same.
Another method of puffing rice is "gun puffing", where the grain is conditioned to the correct level of moisture and pressurised to around 200 PSI. When the pressure is suddenly released, the pressure stored inside the kernel causes it to puff out. This method produces a puffed rice which is spongy in texture.
Rice can also be puffed by making a rice dough, and extruding small pellets which are then rapidly heated. The moisture in the dough flash boils and puffs the rice up. A cereal such as Cap'n Crunch is extruded, cooked, cut, pressurized, puffed and dried in a continuous process.
Usage.
Puffed rice is an ingredient of bhel puri, a popular Indian "chaat" (snack). It is offered to Hindu gods and goddesses in all poojas in the South Indian states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. Pilgrims of Sabarimala often pack puffed rice in their Irumudikettu along with jaggery meant to be offered to Lord Ayyappan. Tamil saints say that Lord Ganesh loves pori, so it should be offered to him without fail. "Pori" has been mentioned in various Tamil literatures as an offering to Hindu deities. Offerings of pori and jaggery made to Vinayagar (Lord Ganesh) are mentioned in the Tiruppugazh, a 15th-century anthology of Tamil religious songs, written by Tamil poet Arunagirinathar.
Pori production has been the main family business for centuries among many villages around Namakkal, Avinashi in Tamil Nadu. In Telangana, as a snack typically given to children, puffed rice or bongulu is made into ball with jaggery sugar syrup or bellam pakam.
Mudhi is a staple food of people of Odisha. northern Odisha, especially Baripada, Mayurbhanj district is significant for the production of Mudhi, where throughout the state it is eaten in breakfast. NGOs have taken forward initiatives to engage village women of northern Odisha for producing Mudhi. Intellectual property rights (IPR) Cell of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) has decided to bring out Geographical indication (GI) registration of Mudhi.
Puffed rice is referred to as "mur-mure" in some parts of India. In many parts of Rayalaseema, North Karnataka uggani along with Menasinakaayi Bajji (Chilli Bajjis) are popular. In Karnataka, Mandakki Usli made from mandakki is also famous. In Mithila area, "murhi" is had with "kachari"-fried potato/onion chops, fried fish or with mutton curry. "Jhal-murhi" and "Murhi-Bhuja" are also very popular snacks in this area. In Madhya Pradesh, this is referred to as Parmal and its very often eaten with Sev as a snack and also used in Bhel.
In the United States and Europe, puffed rice is served with milk as a breakfast cereal, such as the brand Rice Krispies. Some chocolate bars, such as the Nestlé Crunch, include puffed rice, and puffed rice cakes are sold as low-calorie snacks.

</doc>
<doc id="2843857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843857" title="Norm Augustinus">
Norm Augustinus

Norman Theodore Augustinus, Jr is a Jewish American satire writer, comedian, actor, poet, comic illustrator/artist and audiocaster.
Early life.
Augustinus was born in the Hutzel Women's Hospital in Detroit, Michigan. He is the son of Levontina Melnick and Norman Augustinus, Sr. Augustinus's mother gave birth to twins but the other child was stillborn. Augustinus's mother was Jewish. Augustinus's biological father (whom he never knew) once broke into his mothers Warren, Michigan home and kidnapped Norman at the age of five after a Michigan judge granted his mother sole custody. The kidnapping incident is featured in a comical novel entitled Cats and Dogs released by Augustinus in 2012. Norman Augustinus, Sr was in and out of prison and was an alcoholic eventually succumbing to the effects of alcohol poisoning. After the short marriage and divorce from Norman Sr Augustinus's mother went ten years before marrying Robert "Big Mac" McFarland. Robert McFarland was a Catholic and a traveling salesman in the tool and die industry. In 2011 his mother was diagnosed with treatable cancer but rejected all treatment even ceasing to eat or drink saying, "I can't wait to go". In 1993 his stepfather Robert McFarland committed suicide after an overdose of Dilaudid after being informed he would require dialysis treatment three days a week after suffering a heart attack and a botched angioplasty. Augustinus attended McMillan Elementary School (Delray, Detroit), McKinley Elementary School (Warren, MI), West Utica Elementary School (Shelby Township, MI), Eppler Junior High (Utica, MI) and Utica High School (Utica, MI). Augustinus has two sisters, Sandra Kay (Died 9/8/12) and Pamela Rose of Sterling Heights, Michigan.
Biography.
Known widely for his eccentric offbeat brand of humor, Augustinus studied Journalism and Television at Ferris State University in Big Rapids, Michigan where he was an editor of the university newspaper the (Ferris Torch) and writer/producer of the then popular radio show, "The Adventures of E-Man." While a freshman at Ferris State University Augustinus published LEONARD. During his senior year at Ferris State University Augustinus placed in an invention contest and won a cash award for a mailbox transmitter device. A certificate and cash prize was presented to Augustinus during the dedication and open house of the Manufacturing Resource and Productivity Center.
An inventor, his gadgets have been featured in publications and television shows (USA Today, Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press Detroit News Cadillac Evening News Detroit Free Press Weekly World News Detroit Free Press Magazine Royal Oak Tribune The Pioneer The Oakland Press and countless others) across the United States. He has been a copywriter, run for political office hunted for treasure, appeared in over two dozen television commercials and worked toward a private pilot license. In 1991 Augustinus developed the story-line and dialogue for place mats used in over 300 McDonald's restaurants throughout Michigan, The Adventures of Tizzie Bean. Additionally in '91 Augustinus landed a bit part (under five lines) in the movie Hoffa starring Jack Nicholson (Shot in Cobo Hall Arena, Detroit). Augustinus is listed in the 2003 & 2004 Edition of Marquis Who's Who in America and was nominated for the Ferris State University Distinguished Alumni Award two consecutive years in a row. In 1999 he was accepted into the prestigious Powerhouse Theatre Program at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York. He has written for newspapers and online publications such as McSweeney's Internet Tendency and he is a member of the Society of Professional Journalists, Screen Actor's Guild/American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG and AFTRA) and Actor's Equity (AEA). In August 2004 Augustinus was chosen by the New York City Host Committee as an "All-America" volunteer, one of only a few hundred individuals hand selected from across the country to support the 2004 Republican National Convention. 
Augustinus is the first cartoonist in the United States to be visited by the United States Secret Service with regards to a controversial drone cartoon. 
Since the 90's publications have referred to Augustinus as a cult icon due largely to his ever growing following. His grandfather is from Amsterdam. Augustinus currently resides in Manhattan (Columbus Circle), and can frequently be found selling his art on Walk in Central Park.
Internet.
Augustinus is one of the earliest ongoing internet audiocasters. In 1992 he broadcast his offbeat stories and poems (via the internet) using large uncompressed wav (wave) files. In 1995 Augustinus began using RealAudio due largely to the dramatic increase in speed, eventually shifting his focus to the mp3 format and Podcasting in late 2004. During 2006 comical bits produced by Augustinus were broadcast weekly on Sirius Satellite Radio.
Influences.
His stepfather was a seasoned storyteller and traveling salesman for the Tool & Die industry in Detroit and (as a boy) Augustinus often accompanied him when calling on clients. According to Augustinus, it was during these times that he "learned how to tell a story."
Personal life.
In 2012 his sister Sandra committed suicide after being diagnosed with bone cancer after being treated for breast cancer. Augustinus featured his sister regularly with regards to his weekly podcasts referring to her as "Damien Thorn". Augustinus writes daily and auditions in New York City often. He performs his popular stand-up comedy routine regularly. His novel, 'Cats and Dogs' was an Amazon Humor Best Seller (#8), in February 2013. His new novel 'Bedbadger' was released January 21, 2013 and was also featured on the Amazon Humor Best Seller list.

</doc>
<doc id="2843858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843858" title="KRFX">
KRFX

KRFX (103.5 FM) – branded 103.5 The Fox – is a commercial classic rock radio station licensed to Denver, Colorado serving the Denver metro area. The KRFX studios are located in Denver, while the station transmitter resides in Golden. Owned by Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, KRFX broadcasts over two HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio.
History.
The station signed on the air on June 1, 1961 as KOA-FM; the station first broadcast middle of the road (MOR) and later a beautiful music format. The radio station was co-owned with KOA-TV (Channel 4). Studios were located at 1044 Lincoln Street. In 1968 KOA Radio and TV were purchased by General Electric Broadcasting. By 1974 KOA-FM would flip to Top 40 as KOAQ "Q103," where it would enjoy a successful run and become one of Denver's top-rated stations during the early 1980s. Jack Regan was the station's long-time program director and morning DJ. Alan Sledge was music director, and held down the mid-day shift. He later added assistant PD duties. In late 1983 General Electric sold KOA and KOAQ to Belo Corporation of Dallas for $22 million. Lee Larson was selected as the new General Manager. He came to Denver from KLOS in Los Angeles. In 1987 Jacor Communications purchased KOA/KOAQ for $24 million. After nearly 14 years playing Top 40 or Contemporary hit radio, on January 18, 1989 they would flip formats to classic rock and adopt the KRFX call letters, becoming "103.5 The Fox", one of several stations in the U.S. using the brand "The Fox".
Current programming.
KRFX personalities include: Rick Lewis and Michael Floorwax mornings; Colfax middays; and Roger King evenings. On Sunday evenings, the station carries the regionally-syndicated "Strictly Blues" with host Kai Turner. The station also holds the local FM rights for the play-by-play for the Denver Broncos, sharing the games with sister station KOA (850).

</doc>
<doc id="2843859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843859" title="Chess boxing">
Chess boxing

Chess boxing is a hybrid sport that combines chess with boxing in alternating rounds. The sport was seen for the first time at a boxing club in South London, after being conceived by siblings James and Stewart Robinson, both keen amateur boxers and club chessplayers. Their original chessboxing club lasted for four years and its members witnessed the release of the influential 1979 Hong Kong martial arts film, "The Mystery Of Chessboxing" ("Shuang ma lian huan" original English title "Ninja Checkmate" )
An image of two boxers at a chessboard was made in the late seventies at a boxing club in South London. In 1979, the Hong Kong martial arts film "Mystery Of Chessboxing" was released. There is no published link between the worldwide chessboxing movement and these two sources from the seventies, although a popular track by the Wu-Tang Clan from their "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)" shares its name with the Hong Kong film, and brought widespread popularity to the concept.
The modern concept of chess boxing was introduced in Berlin by Iepe Rubingh where it quickly developed a dedicated and enthusiastic following. He founded the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO) in 2003 in Berlin and the first ever chessboxing club in 2005 In the following years, chess boxing organisations appeared in more countries. The newest member is the Iranian Chessboxing Organisation ICBO. Since 2008, the English television producer Timothy Woolgar and the team of London Chessboxing produce regular international chessboxing tournaments in London. London Chessboxing is the only chessboxing promotion company to have produced competitive events continuously since 2008 and has been the key player in the sport's development since that time. Several chessboxing events have taken place around the world, including in Berlin, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Nantes (France), Reykjavík (Iceland), Amsterdam, Calcutta (India), Krasnoyarsk (Russia) and Moscow (Russia). Participants must be skilled as both boxers and chess players, as a match may be won either way.
Structure and rules.
A full match consists of eleven rounds: six rounds of chess, each three (WCBO) / four (WCBA) minutes long, and five rounds of boxing, each three minutes long (four minutes under amateur rules). The match begins with a chess round which is followed by a boxing round. Rounds of chess and boxing alternate until the end of the match. There is a one-minute break between each round, during which competitors cool out and change gear. Rules of fast chess are used, and a competitor only has a total of twelve minutes to use for all his chess moves. Player's chess time is measured using a chess clock.
A competitor may win the match during a boxing round by knockout or a technical stoppage by the referee, by achieving a checkmate or if the opponent's twelve minutes run out during a chess round, or by the opponent's resignation at any point. If the chess game reaches a stalemate, the scores from the boxing rounds are used to determine the winner. If the boxing score (calculated on a round-by-round basis) is also a draw, the outcome is declared as a tie.
If a competitor fails to make a move during the chess round, he can be issued a warning after which he must make a legal move within the next 10 seconds or become disqualified. Repeated warnings may also result in a disqualification. The warnings are in use to avoid situations where a competitor would stall a losing chess game and focus his activity only on boxing.
The players wear closed-back headphones during the chess rounds to avoid being distracted by the live chess commentary, or hearing advice shouted from the audience.
History.
The concept of chess boxing came up by comics artist Enki Bilal, and chessboxing was featured in his graphic novel "Froid Équateur". Iepe Rubingh brought the concept to life, fighting under the name "Iepe the Joker". Rubingh felt the method described in the book, a boxing match followed by a chess match, was impractical. He instead decided on alternating rounds of chess and boxing.
A similar concept was featured in the 1991 Finnish film "Uuno Turhapuro—herra Helsingin herra", where the hero plays blindfold chess against one person using a hands-free telephone headset while boxing another person. Bilal was not aware of the movie. There was also a 1979 movie by director Joseph Kuo called "Ninja Checkmate"; the English-dubbed American version was known as the "Mystery of Chess Boxing". It does not feature chess boxing, but it is probably the inspiration for the Wu-Tang Clan song "Da Mystery of Chessboxin'" on their first album "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)" (1993). Wu-Tang Clan producer RZA is a fan and advocate of the sport.
The sport is governed by two world governing bodies the World Chess Boxing Organisation (WCBO) based in Berlin and the World Chessboxing Association (WCBA) based in London. The WCBO hosted several events since 2003 in cities like Amsterdam, Berlin, Cologne, Munich, Krasnoyarsk (Russia), Kalkutta (India), Shiraz (Iran), Moscow and Paris. The WCBO has members in Germany, China, India, Russia, Italy and Iran. The WCBA has hosted more than 20 tournaments over 5 years and has a mission to unify international chessboxing organisations under an egalitarian banner.
The first exhibition of chessboxing in front of an audience of art lovers was staged in Amsterdam in 2003 between "Iepe the Joker" and "Louis the Lawyer". The First European Chess Boxing Championship took place in Berlin on October 1, 2005. Tihomir Atanassov Dovramadjiev of Bulgaria defeated Andreas "D" Schneider of Germany, who conceded in the seventh (chess) round.
2006.
On April 21, 2006, 400 spectators paid to watch two chess boxing matches in the Gloria Theatre, Cologne. Zoran "the Priest" Mijatovic opened with the Queen's Gambit. Zoran's opponent, a 37-year-old former UN Peacekeeper named Frank "Anti Terror" Stoldt, was well prepared and dominated in both the chess and the boxing rounds. In the seventh round (chess) Mijatovic realized he was three moves away from being checkmated and resigned.
2008.
In April 2008, the World Chess Federation FIDE posted a video on its website showing its president, Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, playing a friendly chess boxing match in Elista. That same month, the United Kingdom's first chess boxing club was begun in London by the World ChessBoxing Association's founder Tim Woolgar.
In July 2008 in Berlin, a 19-year-old Russian mathematics student Nikolai Sazhin won the "World Champion" title in chess boxing by defeating Frank Stoldt. Stoldt resigned in the 5th round (chess) after losing his queen.
In August 2008 the first chessboxing event was held in London at the Bethnal green Working Men's Club, organised by the promotions team of London Chessboxing. The tournament featured a British heavyweight title fight between Tim Woolgar and Stewart Telford, the result was a 9th Round victory by checkmate for Woolgar.
In December 2008 UK based charity "The Chessboxing Organisation" was officially launched with a remit to provide subsidised chessboxing coaching to young people in London and the UK. In the same month London Chessboxing staged its second event.
2009.
In April 2009 London Chessboxing staged an event on 23rd April (St George's Day) featuring an epic fight between Germany's Sascha Wandkowsky and Sweden's Konrad Rikkardson. The bout went the full 11 rounds and ended in a narrow victory for Rikkardson by checkmate.
In June 2009 London Chessboxing staged it's fourth event including a headline bout between Wolfram "The Jawbreaker" Von Stauffenberg and England's Andy Costello. The result was an easy win for Costello by checkmate in Round 3. This night also saw the first chessboxing bout contested under amateur rules with 2 minute boxing rounds and with the contstants wearing headguards and singlets. This was the final event staged at the Bethnal Green Working Men's Club.
September 5th 2009 saw the first London Chessboxing event to be staged at The Boston Dome, an historic amateur boxing venue in north London.
On November 28, 2009 the light heavyweight world championship bout took place between chess boxers Nikolay "The Chairman" Sazhin and Leo "Granit" Kraft, at the Ivan Yargin Palace of Sport in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, before a crowd of 2000. Sazhin, a native of Krasnoyarsk, had previous amateur boxing experience, having fought in 95 previous bouts (winning 85), and possessed a chess Elo rating of 2005; however, he had recently suffered an injury to his knee. His opponent, Kraft, was four years younger (at 17 years of age); he was born in Gomel, Belarus, but was representing the German Chess Boxing Organisation. Although younger, Kraft had fought in 50 amateur boxing fights (with a record of 45 wins), and had an Elo rating of 1997.
The fight opened with the Grünfeld Defence, and was followed by the first boxing round, which was largely dominated by the younger Kraft. The return to the chessboard in the third round saw Kraft castling early, and the resulting play saw Kraft having to defend his king. Sazhin continued in the subsequent boxing round, taking the upper hand in the fight. However, once they returned to the chess board, Sazhin used up too much time attacking Kraft's king. Thus by round eight Sazhin was forced to win by knockout or lose on the board. He failed to do so, and on returning to the chess board, Sazhin resigned the match.
On December 5th London Chessboxing staged its second event at The Boston Dome, with sponsorship from the fledgling Canadian T-Shirt company "Shakh-Matt". Although Shakh-Matt soon disappeared, the event attracted interest from the Canadian Media in particular the Toronto Globe and Mail whose reporter Elizabeth Renzetti covered the event in detail. The report formed the inspiration for David Bitton's documentary film "The King's Discipline", currently in production.
2010.
Chessboxing continued to grow in London during 2010 with four more events being held there. English Chessboxing founder Tim Woolgar won against heavyweight Hubert van Melik of the Netherlands.
2011.
2011 saw London continue to grow as the major world force in international Chessboxing. Svein Clouston won an inaugural Scottish middleweight title in Tufnell Park in March. London Chessboxing experienced success by defeating a Berlin select by two bouts to one at a Chessboxing challenge match in Germany. The Scala in Kings Cross became the first major events venue in England to host Chessboxing. This venue saw the first USA V Europe chessboxing bout as a 900 strong crowd watched Hubert Van Melik defeat American Andrew McGregor to claim the inaugural WCBA world title and the "Botvinnik Belt". This event also hosted the first recorded women's Chessboxing fight between Ruthie "Pink MAchine" Wright and Sophie "Red" Dexter.
The Indian Chessboxing Organisation was founded in 2011 and staged its first event in Kolkata in November.
Nikolay Sazhin who had by now moved up to the Heavyweight division took on former Mixed Martial Arts fighter and experienced Chessboxer Andy 'The Rock' Costello in Siberia. Sazhin won a chess victory in front of his home supporters.
2012.
Nikolay Sazhin faced Andy 'The Rock' Costello again in London, in March at the Scala in Kings Cross. Costello who held the white pieces opened with a King's Indian Attack. However he failed to find an initiative and quickly fell into a passive position. Despite a determined effort by Costello who dominated the boxing rounds. Sazhin withstood the assault and a capacity crowd saw him win in the final round of chess. The evening also saw Mike Botteley winning a rematch against Chris 'The General' Levy, their second bout. German Tim Bendfeldt defeated Hungarian Atilla Por by TKO in their undercard match on the same bill.
In June 2012 Andy Costello was back in action in London, this time in a contest against Gianluca Sirci from Italy. Costello secured a checkmate victory in Round 8.
July 2012 saw the first titled chess grandmaster compete in Chessboxing. Arik Braun took part in a Berlin event and emerged victorious.
In August 2012 London Chessboxing staged a sell-out event in the historic Royal Albert Hall. The tournament was produced in partnership with the Royal Albert Hall Events division and was staged in a unique space underneath the Albert Hall proper which had not been opened to the public before. An exclusive audience of 500 people paid up £150 per head to witness the show which was streamed live on the internet (the first chessboxing show to be live-streamed)via the website Dailymotion.com . The event was notable for an enthralling 11-round contest between two City of London bankers Sean Mooney and Bryan Woon to decide the inaugural WCBA "Banker's Belt" trophy. The contest was decided in Mooney's favour by time penalty in Round 11. The Royal Albert Hall event also so a high-quality encounter between Jose Sanchez Amen from Costa Rica and Armenia's Dymer Agasaryan for the WCBA World Lightweight Title which Agasaryan won on points following a draw by three-fold repetition on the chessboard.
In September London Chessboxing staged another event at the Scala, Kings Cross which was also live-streamd on the internet gaining an audience of some 100,000 viewers for the three hour show. 
December 2012 also saw Jose Sanchez Amen return to the ring in London in a WCBA world-title eliminator against Russia's Ravil Galiakhmetov. A thrilling contest was decided in the Russian's favour by a TKO in round 9. This event also saw the debut of the Siberian chessboxing organisation's President Vladimir Makarov in a middleweight contest against Spain's Daniel Lizarraga, a duel which Lizarraga won by TKO.
2013.
March 2013 saw the opening of the chessboxing season in London with a well supported event at Scala, Kings Cross, by now widely acknowledged as the most important venue for chessboxing worldwide.
In 2013, Chess Boxing Global, the official sports marketing agency for Chessboxing, founded by Iepe Rubingh, hosted the first professional Chessboxing World Championships in Moscow, Russia. The event took place in the Izvestia Hall on November 28. The event included 3 world championship fights in 3 weight divisions: middleweight, light heavyweight and heavyweight. 
The first fight was between the German Sven Rooch and the Spaniard Jonatan Rodriguez Vega. After two mistakes, Jonatan Rodriguez Vega put his King down and Sven Rooch won the fight in the 7th round. 
In the second fight, the Belarussian Leonid Chernobaev and the Indian Tripathi Shailesh converged in the ring and on the board. The fight was won by Leonid Chernobaev after a technical knockout.
The fight for the heavyweight title was between the Russian Nikolay Sazhin and the Italian Gianluca Sirci. Nikolay Sazhin became World Champion after the put down of the king by Gianluca Sirci.
Required chess skill.
World-class chess-boxers must not only be experienced boxers, but must also be at least Class A strength as chess players. For example, Nikolai Sazhin has an Elo rating of around 1900, roughly corresponding to high Class A or low expert level, while European chess boxing champion Tihomir Atanassov Dovramadjiev is a FIDE Master with a rating over 2300 and has won multiple chess competitions.
Arik Braun, the strongest chess player to have competed in Chessboxing, is a grandmaster rated 2556 by FIDE.
Documentary.
The first feature-length documentary about chessboxing is entitled ""Chessboxing: The King's Discipline."" The film follows the development of the sport over a span of 3 years as the promoters in Berlin, London and Los Angeles each attempt to bring their differing visions for the sport to a mainstream audience. At the same time the film explores the various critiques of the sport put forth by members of the chess and boxing communities, while also seeking to understand the potential social impact of a never-before-seen mental/physical sporting combination such as this.
The project is completely independent, produced and directed by Canadian filmmaker David Bitton under the banner of his Anonymous Pineapple Productions. A successful kickstarter campaign took place between June 12-July 17th 2013, which raised over $35k for the production, which is currently in progress. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843864" title="Mbaydoum Simeon">
Mbaydoum Simeon

Mbaydoum Simeon is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Chad.

</doc>
<doc id="2843865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843865" title="Sabbioneta">
Sabbioneta

Sabbioneta is a town and "comune" in the province of Mantua, Lombardy region, Northern Italy. It is situated about north of Parma, not far from the northern bank of the Po River. It was inscribed in the World Heritage List in 2008.
History.
Sabbioneta was founded by Vespasiano I Gonzaga in the late 16th century along the ancient Roman Via Vitelliana, on a sandy bank of the Po (whence the name, meaning "Sandy" in Italian); he was its first duke, using it as a personal fortress and residence.
It was also during this period that it became a minor musical centre; composers such as Benedetto Pallavicino were employed here by Vespasiano Gonzaga, prior to his moving to the main Gonzaga city of Mantua.
Main sights.
In 2008, Sabbioneta was inscribed in the UNESCO World Heritage List as a recognition of its perfect example of practical application of Renaissance urban planning theories.
Sabbioneta is also known for its historic Jewish Ghetto and Synagogue, and in particular for its Hebrew printing-press. In 1551 Tobias Foa set up the press; he had, however, published certain "anti-Christian books" and his career was "forcibly ended". His work and possibly his type were taken up by a Christian printer, Vicenzo Conte.
Vespasiano Gonzaga's town, designed according to the Renaissance principles of the Ideal City, included:
The church and the summer palace contain frescoes by artists of the Campi family of Cremona.
External links and references.
Paperback: 332 pages; Publisher: SugarCo (1990); ISBN 88-7198-040-9

</doc>
<doc id="2843868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843868" title="Ilala District">
Ilala District

Ilala District is one of three districts in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, the others being Temeke to the South and Kinondoni to the North. The 2002 National Tanzania Census states the population for Ilala as 634,924. [http://www.tanzania.go.tz/census/census/districts/ilala.htm] The area is 273 km². Ilala is commonly referred to as 'Downtown Dar', where much of the commerce, banking, and national offices are located.
Wards.
Ilala District is subdivided administratively into 3 divisions and 22 wards. The wards are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="2843869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843869" title="Attri clan">
Attri clan

Attri is a clan or Gotra of Maha Rishi Attri. The people of this clan are predominantly Jats and Brahmans Attris live in all parts of India but mainly in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, and Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan.
Attri Jats have 60 villages in Aligarh District of Uttar Pradesh, including Ghanghauli, Zikarpur, Kheria, Jaidpura, Jattari, Hamidpur, Gharwara, Usrah, Nagar, Syaraul, Khandeha etc.
Zikarpur is the village where land acquisition protest was started on 14 August 2010. Ghanghauli and Syaraul are the best-known. Attri Jats are also known as Khaderiya. Khaderai and Nauhawar are brotherlike gotra's. Nauhwar have 100 villages.
Villages of Attri.
Uttar Pradesh.
Ghanghauli, Jaidpura, Kheria Khurd, Shyaraul, Zikarpur, Hamidpur,Mour, Jattari, Usrah, Rasulpur, Khandeha, Gharbara In Aligarh District.
Manchad,Dansoli,Neemka,Kalakhuri & Udaipur in Gautam Budh Nagar District.
champatpur(chakhendi),rashulabad in fatehpur District.
Azizpur, Tumoula, Jaab In Mathura District.
Haryana.
Villages well known as Mohna (Sub-tehsil,Faridabad), Jalhakaa, and Anchera Khurd ( Jind ) are also known as Attri Jat villages.
References.
the villages Bajeena, Dhani Mahu, Kairu, Legha, Kusumbi, Keharpura, Kohad, Malws, Pohkarwas, Patharvali are also of Atri gotra Brahmanas and their Shasan is Badiwal Mota. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843872" title="CMBC">
CMBC

CMBC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2843873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843873" title="Terry Moran">
Terry Moran

Terry Moran (born December 9, 1959) is an American journalist, formerly the co-anchor of the ABC-TV network news show "Nightline". In 2013, he was named ABC News Chief Foreign Correspondent, based in London.
Biography.
Moran was born near Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from Lawrence University in 1982.
Professional career.
Career as Correspondent.
Moran worked as a correspondent and anchor for Court TV from 1990 through 1997. He was praised for his coverage of the murder trials in Los Angeles of Lyle and Erik Menendez and O.J. Simpson, as well as for his reporting on the Bosnian war crimes trials at The Hague and the U.S. Supreme Court confirmation hearings for justices Clarence Thomas, Stephen Breyer, and Ruth Bader Ginsburg. 
Moran joined ABC News in 1997. After having served as the primary correspondent assigned to the U.S. Supreme Court from 1998 to 1999, he served as ABC News' Chief White House Correspondent from September 1999 to November 2005, covering both Bill Clinton and George W. Bush when they each served as president. Prior to his White House assignment, Moran covered Vice President Al Gore's presidential campaign. He received in 2003 the Lucia R. Briggs Distinguished Achievement Award, which is presented to an alumnus or alumna of Lawrence University for outstanding contributions and achievements in a career field. In 2006 and again in 2013, Moran received the Merriman Smith Award from the White House Correspondents Association for excellence in presidential reporting. In 2007, he won a Peabody Award for reporting and anchoring the ABC documentary "Out of Control: AIDS in Black America."
In naming Moran the network's Chief Foreign Correspondent, ABC News president Ben E. Sherwood said, "Terry’s range as a reporter is exceptional. He is equally adept interviewing a confessed hit man in one of Mexico’s most notorious gangs as he is breaking down some of the most complex Supreme Court decisions...A brilliant writer and gifted storyteller, Terry has the ability to see the story no one else sees, explain its importance to the audience, and do it all in a stylish and compelling way."
Nightline (co-anchor).
Before becoming co-anchor of Nightline, Moran had been the anchor of "World News Tonight Sunday" from 2004 to 2005. Along with Cynthia McFadden and Martin Bashir, Moran became one of the three full-time anchors of "Nightline" following Ted Koppel's last broadcast in November 2005. He often anchors ABC News broadcasts.
Off the record reporting.
In September 2009, Moran used the social networking service Twitter to publicly share an off-the-record portion of an interview with President Barack Obama and criticize him for not being "presidential." The interview was being conducted by another journalist, and Moran wrote that the President had called Kanye West a "jackass" for his behavior during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. ABC News apologized for releasing the portion of the interview.
Publications.
Moran has had pieces published in among other periodicals "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "The American Lawyer" and "The New Republic", where he began his journalistic career.

</doc>
<doc id="2843876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843876" title="Isotopic signature">
Isotopic signature

An isotopic signature (also isotopic fingerprint) is a ratio of non-radiogenic 'stable isotopes', stable radiogenic isotopes, or unstable radioactive isotopes of particular elements in an investigated material. The ratios of isotopes in a sample material are measured by isotope ratio mass spectrometry. See also isotope analysis.
Stable isotopes.
The atomic mass of different isotopes affect their chemical kinetic behavior, leading to natural isotope separation processes.
Carbon isotopes.
For example, different sources and sinks of methane have different affinity for the 12C and 13C isotopes, which allows distinguishing between different sources by the 13C/12C ratio in methane in the air. In geochemistry, paleoclimatology and paleoceanography this ratio is called δ13C.
Similarly, carbon in inorganic carbonates shows little isotopic fractionation, while carbon in materials originated by photosynthesis is depleted of the heavier isotopes. In addition, there are two types of plants with different biochemical pathways; the C3 carbon fixation, where the isotope separation effect is more pronounced, C4 carbon fixation, where the heavier 13C is less depleted, and Crassulacean Acid Metabolism (CAM) plants, where the effect is similar but less pronounced than with C4 plants. The different isotope ratios for the two kinds of plants propagate through the food chain, thus it is possible to determine if the principal diet of a human or an animal consists primarily of C3 plants (rice, wheat, soybeans, potatoes) or C4 plants (corn, or corn-fed beef) by isotope analysis of their flesh and bone collagen. Similarly, marine fish contain more 13C than freshwater fish, with values approximating the C4 and C3 plants respectively.
The ratio of carbon-13 and carbon-12 isotopes in these types of plants is as follows:
Limestones formed by precipitation in seas from the atmospheric carbon dioxide contain normal proportion of 13C. Conversely, calcite found in salt domes originates from carbon dioxide formed by oxidation of petroleum, which due to its plant origin is 13C-depleted.
The 14C isotope is important in distinguishing biosynthetized materials from man-made ones. Biogenic chemicals are derived from biospheric carbon, which contains 14C. Carbon in artificially made chemicals is usually derived from fossil fuels like coal or petroleum, where the 14C originally present has decayed below detectable limits. The amount of 14C currently present in a sample therefore indicates the proportion of carbon of biogenic origin.
Nitrogen isotopes.
The ratio of 15N/14N tends to increase with trophic level, such that herbivores have higher nitrogen isotope values than plants, and carnivores have higher nitrogen isotope values than herbivores. Depending on the tissue being examined, there tends to be an increase of 3-4‰ at each trophic level. A number of other environmental and physiological factors can influence the nitrogen isotopic composition at the base of the food web (i.e. in plants) or at the level of individual animals. For example, in arid regions, the nitrogen cycle tends to be more 'open' and prone to the loss of nitrogen (14N in particular), and concentrates soils and plants in 15N 14N. This leads to relatively high δ15N values in plants and animals in hot and arid ecosystems relative to cooler and moister ecosystems.
The tissues and hair of vegans therefore contain significantly lower percentage of 15N than the bodies of people who eat mostly meat. Isotopic analysis of hair is an important source of information for archaeologists, providing clues about the ancient diets; a terrestrial diet produces a different signature than a marine-based diet and this phenomenon has been used in analysing differing cultural attitudes to food sources.
The stable isotope ratio of nitrogen also provides a diagnostic tool in planetary science as the ratio exhibited in atmospheres and surface materials "is closely tied to the conditions under which materials form".
Oxygen isotopes.
Oxygen comes in three variants, but the 17O is so rare that it is very difficult to detect (~0.04% abundant). The ratio of 18O/16O in water depends on the amount of evaporation the water experienced (as 18O is heavier and therefore less likely to vaporize). As the vapor tension depends on the concentration of dissolved salts, the 18O/16O ratio shows correlation on the salinity and temperature of water. As oxygen gets built into the shells of calcium carbonate secreting organisms, such sediments prove a chronological record of temperature and salinity of the water in the area.
Oxygen isotope ratio in atmosphere varies predictably with time of year and geographic location; e.g. there is a 2% difference between 18O-rich precipitation in Montana and 18O-depleted precipitation in Florida Keys. This variability can be used for approximate determination of geographic location of origin of a material; e.g. it is possible to determine where a shipment of uranium oxide was produced. The rate of exchange of surface isotopes with the environment has to be taken in account.
Radiogenic isotopes.
Lead isotopes.
Lead consists of four stable isotopes: 204Pb, 206Pb, 207Pb, and 208Pb. Local variations in uranium/thorium/lead content cause a wide location-specific variation of isotopic ratios for lead from different localities. Lead emitted to the atmosphere by industrial processes has an isotopic composition different from lead in minerals. Combustion of gasoline with tetraethyllead additive led to formation of ubiquitous micrometer-sized lead-rich particulates in car exhaust smoke; especially in urban areas the man-made lead particles are much more common than natural ones. The differences in isotopic content in particles found in objects can be used for approximate geolocation of the object's origin.
Radioactive isotopes.
Hot particles, radioactive particles of nuclear fallout and radioactive waste, also exhibit distinct isotopic signatures. Their radionuclide composition (and thus their age and origin) can be determined by mass spectrometry or by gamma spectrometry. For example, particles generated by a nuclear blast contain detectable amounts of 60Co and 152Eu. The Chernobyl accident did not release these particles but did release 125Sb and 144Ce. Particles from underwater bursts will consist mostly of irradiated sea salts. Ratios of 152Eu/155Eu, 154Eu/155Eu, and 238Pu/239Pu are also different for fusion and fission nuclear weapons, which allows identification of hot particles of unknown origin.
Applications.
Forensics.
With the advent of stable isotope ratio mass spectrometry, isotopic signatures of materials find increasing use in forensics, distinguishing the origin of otherwise similar materials and tracking the materials to their common source. For example the isotope signatures of plants can be to a degree influenced by the growth conditions, including moisture and nutrient availability. In case of synthetic materials, the signature is influenced by the conditions during the chemical reaction. The isotopic signature profiling is useful in cases where other kinds of profiling, e.g. characterization of impurities, are not optimal. Electronics coupled with scintillator detectors are routinely used to evaluate isotope signatures and identify unknown sources. (one example - SAM Isotope Identifier )
A study was published demonstrating the possibility of determination of the origin of a common brown PSA packaging tape by using the carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen isotopic signature of the backing polymer, additives, and adhesive.
Measurement of carbon isotopic ratios can be used for detection of adulteration of honey. Addition of sugars originated from corn or sugar cane (C4 plants) skews the isotopic ratio of sugars present in honey, but does not influence the isotopic ratio of proteins; in an unadulterated honey the carbon isotopic ratios of sugars and proteins should match. As low as 7% level of addition can be detected.
Nuclear explosions form 10Be by a reaction of fast neutrons with 13C in the carbon dioxide in air. This is one of the historical indicators of past activity at nuclear test sites.
Solar system origins.
Isotopic fingerprints are used to study the origin of materials in the Solar System. For example, the Moon's oxygen isotopic ratios seem to be essentially identical to Earth's. Oxygen isotopic ratios, which may be measured very precisely, yield a unique and distinct signature for each solar system body. Different oxygen isotopic signatures can indicated the origin of material ejected into space. The Moon's titanium isotope ratio (50Ti/47Ti) appears close to the Earth's (within 4 ppm). In 2013, a study was released that indicated water in lunar magma was 'indistinguishable' from carbonaceous chondrites and nearly the same as Earth's, based on the composition of water isotopes.

</doc>
<doc id="2843881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843881" title="Playa Balandra">
Playa Balandra

Playa Balandra is a beach located on the Baja California Sur peninsula of Mexico in La Paz. It's located on the Eastern side of the peninsula, but faces west, as the southern tip comes up.

</doc>
<doc id="2843891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843891" title="Carver High School (Philadelphia)">
Carver High School (Philadelphia)

George Washington Carver High School of Engineering and Science is a secondary school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Description.
Carver High School, which is operated by the School District of Philadelphia, handles grades 9 through 12. Carver High School is a magnet school with a curriculum that specializes in science and technology. The goal of this curriculum is to produce graduates who will be successful in their pursuit of higher education in specific subjects.
The High School of Engineering and Science was a dream of its founder and principal Dr. Alvin Garblik. The first class began in 1979, and had a strict dress code and curriculum.
Those that were in the first class attended classes in Stauffer Hall, a ten-story building no longer in existence, then located at the Southeast corner of Broad and Columbia streets on Temple University's campus. The school moved between the 82-83 and 83-84 school years to its current 17th and Norris location, which had previously been an elementary school. 
It was Dr. Garblik's belief that students should come to school dressed and act in a way that modeled real life in the business world.
The first year students enjoyed higher end classes learning advanced Chinese, physics and computer sciences.
"High School of Engineering and Science is a small, nurturing, special-admissions school, seeking to attract academically-talented students who have an interest in science, engineering and technology." --- The mission statement of High School of Engineering & Science
The principal is Ted Domers.
School uniform.
Carver students are required to wear school uniforms. Students must wear monogrammed "Carver" shirts along with black or khaki bottoms. On Fridays students may dress casually.

</doc>
<doc id="2843901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843901" title="Michael Sachs">
Michael Sachs

Michael Sachs (3 September 1808 – 31 January 1864) was a German rabbi from Groß-Glogau, Silesia.
Life.
He was one of the first Jewish graduates from the modern universities, earning a Ph.D. degree in 1836. He was appointed Rabbi in Prague in 1836, and in Berlin in 1844. He took the conservative side against the Reform agitation, and so strongly opposed the introduction of the organ into the Synagogue that he retired from the Rabbinate rather than acquiesce.
Sachs was one of the greatest preachers of his age, and published two volumes of "Sermons" (Predigten, 1866–1891). He co-operated with Leopold Zunz in a new translation of the Bible. Sachs is best remembered for his work on Hebrew poetry, "Religiöse Poesie der Juden in Spanien" (1845); his more ambitious critical work ("Beiträge zur Sprach- und Alterthumsforschung", 2 vols., 1852–1854) is of less lasting value. He turned his poetic gifts to admirable account in his translation of the Festival Prayers ("Machzor", 9 vols., 1855), a new feature of which was the metrical rendering of the medieval Hebrew hymns. Another very popular work by Sachs contains poetic paraphrases of Rabbinic legends ("Stimmen vom Jordan und Euphrat", 1853).

</doc>
<doc id="2843903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843903" title="Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye">
Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye

Nouradine Delwa Kassiré Koumakoye (born December 31, 1949) is a Chadian politician and the head of the National Rally for Development and Progress (VIVA-RNDP) political party. After serving as a minister in the government during the 1980s and early 1990s; he was Prime Minister of Chad from November 6, 1993 to April 8, 1995 and again from February 26, 2007 to April 16, 2008. In 2008, he became President of the Economic, Social and Cultural Council.
Biography.
Koumakoye was born in Bongor in southern Chad. From August 1975 to March 1979, he was Advisor for Administrative, Economic, and Financial Affairs at the Presidency of the Republic, and from January 1976 to June 1976 he was Director of the Technical Cabinet of the President of the Republic. He subsequently served in the government as Minister of Justice from June 1981 to May 1982 and became President of the Democratic and Popular National Rally (RNDP) on February 4, 1982.
As a judge, Koumakoye sentenced rebel leader Hissène Habré to death; later, however, Koumakoye became Minister of Public Works, Housing, and Urban Planning under Habré's presidency in August 1987. He served in that post until April 1988; subsequently he was Minister of Justice from April 1988 to March 1989, Minister of Post and Telecommunications from March 1989 to October 1990, and Minister of Higher Education and Scientific Research from October 1990 to December 1990.
Following Habré's ouster in December 1990, Koumakoye became President of the National Rally for Development and Progress (VIVA-RNDP) in January 1992, when it was founded. At the Sovereign National Conference in early 1993, he was a candidate to head the presidium but was defeated by Adoum Helbongo in a vote by delegates. Fidèle Moungar was chosen as transitional Prime Minister at the National Conference and Koumakoye became a member of his government, serving as Minister of Communications and Government Spokesman from April 1993 to June 1993 and as Minister of Justice from June 1993 to November 1993. He was then elected by Superior Council of the Transition ("Conseil Supérieur de Transition", CST) as Prime Minister on November 6, 1993, replacing Moungar. After being elected, Koumakoye announced plans to reduce the size of the army by almost half; he also hoped to reach a social pact with the trade unions and to hold talks with rebels aimed at national reconciliation, in addition to making preparations for the multiparty elections intended to conclude the transitional period. His government was appointed on November 14, and it included nine members of Moungar's government; despite the presence of some members of the opposition, Koumakoye's government was dominated by the Patriotic Salvation Movement of President Idriss Déby.
After Koumakoye indicated his intention to run for President in the planned elections, President Déby asked the CST to change the transitional charter so that the Prime Minister could not run, and the CST accordingly did so in late March 1995. On April 8, 1995, the CST removed Koumakoye from his post as Prime Minister and chose Koibla Djimasta to replace him. In March 1996, Koumakoye was arrested for alleged illegal weapons possession and sentenced to three months in prison; according to Amnesty International, the trial was unfair and apparently intended to keep Koumakoye from contesting the election. In the presidential election, held in June 1996, he was nevertheless a candidate and received 2.29% of the vote, placing ninth.
He ran again in the May 2001 presidential election, taking 2.36% of the vote and sixth place. Koumakoye's primary support base is in Tandjilé in the south.
In the 2002 parliamentary election, Koumakoye was elected to the National Assembly of Chad as an VIVA-RNDP candidate from Kélo constituency in Tandjilé Ouest Department. and he became President of the External Affairs and International Cooperation Commission in the National Assembly. From March 2004 to August 2006, he was a member of the Pan-African Parliament. In the presidential election held on May 3, 2006, which was boycotted by most of the opposition, Koumakoye came in second place with 15.13% of the vote according to final official results, far behind Déby; this was, however, a significant improvement over the 8% of the vote credited to him in the provisional results. On May 29, shortly after the final results were announced, he congratulated Déby on winning the election.
On August 15, 2006, Koumakoye was appointed to the government as Minister of State for Regional Planning, Town Planning, and Housing, serving in that position until he was appointed as Prime Minister for the second time on February 26, 2007, a few days after the death of Pascal Yoadimnadji.
On April 15, 2008, Youssouf Abbas Saleh was appointed to replace Koumakoye as Prime Minister. It was reported that Koumakoye was dismissed because he opposed the implementation of the agreement signed by political parties of the ruling majority and the opposition in August 2007; the agreement involved a number of reforms and was intended to lead to a new parliamentary election in 2009. Déby then appointed Koumakoye as a member of the Economic, Social and Cultural Council on April 24, 2008, and Koumakoye became the Council's President.

</doc>
<doc id="2843904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843904" title="Khirwar">
Khirwar

Khirwar is a clan or "gotra" of Jats found mostly in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Madhya Pradesh. 

</doc>
<doc id="2843911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843911" title="Erik Knudsen">
Erik Knudsen

Erik Kenneth William Knudsen (born March 25, 1988) is a Canadian actor. He is perhaps best known for portraying Daniel Matthews in "Saw II", Alec Sadler in "Continuum" and Dale Turner in the CBS series "Jericho".
Life and career.
Knudsen was born in Toronto, Ontario. In 1999 Knudsen got his first acting role as Alex Schreffler in the TV series "Real Kids, Real Adventures". In 2001, Knudsen guest starred on "The Guardian" and appeared in three other episodes. He was nominated for a Young Artist Award for his performance. In 2003, Knudsen starred in the TV series "Mental Block".
He co-starred as Leroy "Lefty" in the film adaptation of "Youth in Revolt", and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World", as Lucas "Crash" Wilson, who was the lead singer of fictional band Crash and the Boys. In 2005, he starred in the horror film Saw II.
Knudsen portrayed Robbie in the 2011 film "Scream 4".
Knudsen plays Ryan in the film "The Barrens", co-starring "True Blood"'s Stephen Moyer, which was released in late 2012.
He plays teen tech genius Alec Sadler in the Canadian Science Fiction series "Continuum", along with Rachel Nichols and Victor Webster.

</doc>
<doc id="2843936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843936" title="Stele of Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu">
Stele of Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu

The Stele of Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu i (also known as the Stele of Revealing) is a painted, wooden offering stele, discovered in 1858 at the mortuary temple of Hatshepsut at Dayr al-Bahri by François Auguste Ferdinand Mariette. It was originally made for the Montu-priest Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu i, and was discovered near his coffin ensemble of two sarcophagi and two anthropomorphic inner coffins. It dates to "circa" 680/70 BCE, the period of the late Dynasty 25/early Dynasty 26. Originally located in the former Bulaq Museum under inventory number 666, the stele was moved around 1902 to the newly opened Egyptian Museum of Cairo (inventory number A 9422; Temporary Register Number 25/12/24/11), where it remains today.
The stele is made of wood and covered with a plaster gesso, which has been painted. It measures 51.5 centimeters high and 31 centimeters wide. On the front Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu is as a priest of Montu can be seen; he is presenting offerings to the falcon-headed god Re-Harakhty ("Re-Horus of the Two Horizons"), a synchronistic form of the gods Ra and Horus, who is seated on a throne. The symbol of the west, the place of the Dead, is seen behind Re-Harakhty. Above the figures is a depiction of Nut, the sky goddess who stretches from horizon to horizon. Directly beneath her is the Winged Solar Disk, Horus of Behdet.
The stele is also known as the "Stele of Revealing" and is a central element of the religious philosophy Thelema founded by Aleister Crowley.
Origins.
The stele is a fairly typical example of a late Third Intermediate Period Theban offering stele dating to the late Dynasty 25/early Dynasty 26. It was discovered in 1854 as part of a large burial of priests of Montu at Dayr al-Bahri, and included the coffin of the dedicant, Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu.
Text.
The stele is painted on both faces with Egyptian texts, some of which are Chapter 91 of the Egyptian Book of the Dead, while the back of the stele records eleven lines of text from Chapters 30 and 2.
The text reads as follows.
Interpretation by Aleister Crowley and Thelema.
The designation of this object as the "Stele of Revealing" was given in April 1904 by the occultist Aleister Crowley, in connection with his "Book of the Law".
According to Aleister Crowley, his wife Rose had already reported a revelation from the god Horus, through his messenger Aiwass. The couple went to the newly opened Egyptian Museum (where the stela had been moved), to see if she could recognize Horus on Monday, March 21, 1904. Rose recognized an image of the god on this painted stele, which at the time bore the catalogue number 666, a number holding religious significance in Thelema.
According to Crowley, the stela depicts the three chief deities of Thelema: Nuit (Egyptian Nut), Hadit (Egyptian Behdety), and Ra-Hoor-Khuit (Egyptian Re-Harakhty ["Re-Horus of the Two Horizons"]).
Crowley states that he dined with the Egyptologist Émile Charles Albert Brugsch "bey", Curator of the Bulaq Museum to discuss the stele in his charge and to arrange for a facsimile to be made. According to Crowley, Brugsch's French assistant curator translated the hieroglyphic text on the stele. In 1912 a second translation was later made for Crowley by Alan Gardiner and Battiscombe Gunn.

</doc>
<doc id="2843942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843942" title="Yervant Odian">
Yervant Odian

Yervant Odian () (Born in Constantinople, Turkey in 19 September 1869 - Died in Egypt 1926) is considered to be one of the most influential Armenian satirists, along with the roughly contemporary Hagop Baronian. Odian's writings, which include novels and short stories, often humorously point out humanity's vices. He had the unique ability to conceive of and write stories at any given instant.
In 1915, during the Armenian Genocide in 1915 Yervant Odian was deported from Istanbul to the Syrian desert. He was able to avoid falling victim by becoming a translator for German officials in Deir ez-Zor since he knew French and Turkish. In 1918, after World War I, he took up the responsibility of collecting orphans left over from deportations in the deserts of Syria and placing them in orphanages. His only real source of income was through his writing. He left Constantinople in 1922 and lived in Bucharest and different parts of the Near East. 
Odian spent the last days of his life in Cairo, Egypt where he was buried.
Works.
"(also a Turkish edition published as 'Yoldaş Pançuni' by Aras Pub.in 2008) ISBN 978-975-7265-32-0" 

</doc>
<doc id="2843943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843943" title="Braeburn Airport">
Braeburn Airport

Braeburn Airport, also known as the Cinnamon Bun Airstrip, in the Yukon is adjacent to the Klondike Highway between Whitehorse and Carmacks. It is next to Braeburn Lodge (famous for its oversized cinnamon buns and sandwiches) and near Braeburn Lake. It receives no maintenance and pilots are advised to use caution as there are numerous holes in the runway caused by gophers.

</doc>
<doc id="2843944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843944" title="Carmacks Airport">
Carmacks Airport

Carmacks Airport is located from the community of Carmacks, Yukon, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2843945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843945" title="Carcross Water Aerodrome">
Carcross Water Aerodrome

Carcross Water Aerodrome is adjacent to Carcross, Yukon, Canada on the shore of Grayling Bay on Tagish Lake. It's open from June to October and the area may be used by ski planes in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="2843946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843946" title="Carcross Airport">
Carcross Airport

Carcross Airport is adjacent to Carcross, Yukon, Canada on the shore of Grayling Bay on Tagish Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="2843947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843947" title="Chapman Aerodrome">
Chapman Aerodrome

Chapman Aerodrome is a registered aerodrome located on the shores of the Blackstone River in the Yukon, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2843958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843958" title="Charlotte Sainton-Dolby">
Charlotte Sainton-Dolby

Charlotte Helen Sainton-Dolby (17 May 182118 February 1885), was an English contralto, singing teacher and composer.
She was born in London, and studied at the Royal Academy of Music from 1832 to 1837, Domenico Crivelli being her principal singing-master. In 1837 she was elected to a King's scholarship, and first appeared at a Royal Philharmonic Society concert in 1841. In October 1845 she sang at the Gewandhaus, Leipzig, through the influence of Mendelssohn, who had been delighted by her singing in his oratorio "St. Paul". The contralto music in his "Elijah" was written for her voice, but she did not appear in that work until the performance at Exeter Hall on 16 April 1847.
She was a principal soloist in the first English performance of Bach's "St Matthew Passion", directed by William Sterndale Bennett at the Hanover Square Rooms London on 6 April 1854.
She married the violinist Prosper Sainton in 1860, and in 1870 she retired from the career of a public singer, but two years afterwards started a vocal academy in London. She made various successful attempts as a composer, and the cantatas "The Legend of St Dorothea" (1876), "The Story of the Faithful Soul" (1879), and "Florimel" (1885), enjoyed considerable success. Her last public appearance was at her husband's farewell concert in June 1883, and she died in 1885.
A scholarship in her memory was founded at the Royal Academy of Music. Her voice was of moderate power and of fine quality, but it was her dignified and artistic style that gave her the high place she held for so many years both in oratorio and ballads.

</doc>
<doc id="2843960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843960" title="Paul Hartman">
Paul Hartman

Paul Hartman (March 1, 1904–October 2, 1973) was an American dancer, stage performer and television character actor.
Biography.
Born in San Francisco, California, Hartman, like Fred Astaire, began performing as a dancer with his sister. In 1922, he teamed up with Grace Barrett for a long and successful dancing comedy vaudeville act that consisted of them both paying homage to and gently mocking the popular dances of the day, from ballet to swing. The two married in 1927.
Along with Grace, Paul made his Broadway debut in "Ballyhoo of 1932" alongside Bob Hope, but the show was not a success. The two found success with Cole Porter's "Red Hot and Blue" a few years later, and continued to flourish on the Great White Way. The main premise of their act involved the crisp and witty Grace overwhelming the gangly, slackjawed Paul, intermittently cut with dance numbers and musical comedy routines.
The Hartmans' success led them to Hollywood, but Paul only saw limited success there, most prominently appearing alongside Frank Sinatra and Victor Borge in 1943's "Higher and Higher". Upon the Hartmans' return to Broadway, they resolved to take charge and write their own revue. Their 1948 play, "Angel in the Wings," was a smash success, and both Hartmans were named best lead performer at the first ever Tony Awards held that same year.
The two were then offered a sitcom on NBC, and "The Hartmans (at Home)" showed promise, but audiences rejected the show, which often featured canned scripts and little opportunity for the couple to show off their physical and musical abilities. Paul and Grace returned to Broadway, where they spent three years in a number of variety shows and revues.
Hartman's wife Grace was diagnosed with cancer in 1952. She died in 1955. Television and Hollywood had once again risen to the top of the entertainment world, and the convenience of television shooting and a quick paycheck lured Paul out to Los Angeles once more. Hartman began appearing in the 1953-1954 ABC situation comedy, "The Pride of the Family", as Albie Morrison, the father and head of the household. Fay Wray, formerly on "King Kong", played his wife, Catherine, and Natalie Wood and Robert Hyatt played his children, Ann and Junior Morrison, respectively.
In 1957, Hartman returned one last time to Broadway, but then past fifty, he tired of the hectic stage life. He continued to play bit parts in movies and television throughout the rest of his life, most famously as handyman Emmett Clark on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Mayberry R.F.D." In a nod to his earlier life, he is seen doing a dance routine at Howard Sprague's party in the "Andy Griffith" episode "The Wedding", and in the "Mayberry, RFD", episode "The Charity", he can be seen doing a soft shoe routine with costar Ken Berry. In addition, he had small parts on "Petticoat Junction", "Love, American Style", "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", "Hazel", "Ben Casey", "The Twilight Zone", "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "Our Man Higgins", and "Family Affair".
He was cast in the 1960 film, "Inherit the Wind". In 1967, he appeared with Robert Morse in the film version of "How To Succeed In Business Without Really Trying".
Hartman died from a heart attack in Los Angeles at the age of sixty-nine.

</doc>
<doc id="2843967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843967" title="Donald Harrison">
Donald Harrison

Donald Harrison, Jr. (born June 23, 1960) is an American jazz saxophonist from New Orleans, Louisiana.
Biography.
Harrison studied at the Southern University and Berklee College of Music. He played with Roy Haynes, Jack McDuff, Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers, Terence Blanchard and Don Pullen in the 1980s. He also played with the re-formed Headhunters band in the 1990s. In 1991 he recorded "Indian Blues," which captured the sound and culture of Congo Square in a jazz context. In 1994 Harrison created the "Nouveau Swing" style of jazz, . which merges the swing beat with many of today's popular dance styles of music, as well as styles that are prominent from his cultural experiences in his hometown.
Harrison also performs in the smooth jazz genre. His group Donald Harrison Electric Band has recorded popular radio hits and have charted in the top ten of "Billboard" magazine. He performs as a producer, singer and rapper in the traditional Afro-New Orleans culture and hiphop genres with his group, The New Sounds of Mardi Gras. The group, which has recorded two cds, was started in 2001 and has made appearances worldwide. Harrison is the Big Chief of the Congo Nation Afro-New Orleans Cultural Group which keeps alive the secret traditions of Congo Square.
Harrison also writes orchestral works for major orchestras.
Harrison was chosen as the "person of the year" by "Jazziz" magazine in January 2007. His latest CDs, "3D Vols. I, II, and III", feature him in three different musical genres. On Vol. I he writes, plays, and produces music in the smooth jazz, and R&B style. On Vol. II he writes, produces and plays in the classic jazz style. On Vol. III he writes plays and produces in the hiphop genre.
, Harrison is working on a large orchestral work which investigates what it is like to be a participant in New Orleans culture. Harrison was forced to evacuate New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, and proceeds from his album "Nouveau Swing" will go to victims of the hurricanes.
Harrison has nurtured a number of young musicians including the young Grammy-nominated trumpeter Christian Scott (Harrison's nephew), as well as Mark Whitfield, Cyrus Chestnut, Christian McBride, and The Notorious B.I.G. Harrison was featured in Spike Lee's HBO documentary, "When the Levees Broke", and has appeared as himself in 11 episodes of HBO's Treme where the characters Albert and Delmond Lambreaux are based on aspects of his life.
Harrison also is the director of the Tipitina's Intern Program and directed the New Jazz School for the Isidore Newman School in New Orleans.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Art Blakey
With Don Pullen
With Esperanza Spalding

</doc>
<doc id="2843971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843971" title="North York Civic Centre">
North York Civic Centre

The North York Civic Centre is a building that once served as the city hall for the former City of North York, Ontario, Canada.
Designed by Adamson Associates Architects, the building is located on Yonge Street north of Sheppard Avenue, and features Mel Lastman Square along the Yonge Street frontage. The construction of the building was intended to act as a catalyst for the development of the "North York City Centre", a downtown area for the formerly suburban North York. The building received The Governor General's Medal for Architecture in 1982.
With municipal amalgamation, North York is now part of the City of Toronto, and the building no longer serves as a city hall. Today, the building is home to the North York Community Council and a number of local municipal departments and services. Opposite the Civic Centre is the North York Central branch of the Toronto Public Library. 
The Civic Centre is served by the Toronto Transit Commission's North York Centre subway station (opened in 1987).

</doc>
<doc id="2843986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843986" title="Prosper Sainton">
Prosper Sainton

Prosper Philippe Catherine Sainton (5 June 1813 – 17 October 1890) was a French violinist.
He was the son of a merchant at Toulouse, where he was born. He entered the Paris Conservatoire under François Antoine Habeneck in 1831, and became professor of the violin in the Conservatoire of Toulouse. 
In 1844 he made his first appearance in England, at a Philharmonic concert directed by Mendelssohn. Settling in London, he was in 1845 appointed professor at the Royal Academy of Music. In the early organizations for chamber music which culminated in the establishment of the popular concerts, Sainton bore an important part; and when the Royal Italian Opera was started at Covent Garden, he led the orchestra under Michael Costa, with whom he migrated to Her Majesty's Theatre in 1871. 
From 1848 to 1855 he was leader of the Queen's Band, and in 1862 he conducted the music at the opening of the International Exhibition. In 1860, he married the famous contralto singer, Miss Charlotte Dolby. He was leader of the principal provincial festivals for many years, and gave a farewell concert at the Royal Albert Hall in 1883. He died in October 1890. His method was sound, his style artistic, and his educational work of great value, the majority of the most successful orchestral violinists having been his pupils.
His grandson was composer, conductor and violist Philip Sainton (1891-1967).

</doc>
<doc id="2843988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843988" title="Motor control">
Motor control

Motor control is the process by which humans and animals use their neuromuscular system to activate and coordinate the muscles and limbs involved in the performance of a motor skill. Fundamentally, it is the integration of sensory information, both about the world and the current state of the body, to determine the appropriate set of muscle forces and joint activations to generate some desired movement or action. This process requires cooperative interaction between the central nervous system and the musculoskeletal system, and is thus a problem of information processing, coordination, mechanics, physics, and cognition. Successful motor control is crucial to interacting with the world, not only determining action capabilities, but regulating balance and stability as well.
The organization and production of movement is a complex problem, so the study of motor control has been approached from a wide range of disciplines, including psychology, cognitive science, biomechanics and neuroscience. While the modern study of motor control is an increasingly interdisciplinary field, research questions have historically been defined as either "physiological" or "psychological", depending on whether the focus is on physical and biological properties, or organizational and structural rules. Areas of study related to motor control are motor coordination, motor learning, and signal processing.
Sensorimotor feedback.
Response to stimuli.
The process of becoming aware of a sensory stimuli and using that information to influence an action occurs in stages, and reaction time of simple tasks can be used to reveal information about these stages. "Reaction time" refers to the period of time between when the stimulus is presented, and the end of the response. "Movement time" is the time it takes to complete the movement. 
Some of the first reaction time experiments were carried out by Franciscus Donders, who used the difference in response times to a simple reaction task and a choice reaction task to determine the length of time needed process the stimuli and choose the correct response. While this approach is ultimately flawed, it gave rise to the idea that reaction time was made up of a stimulus identification, followed by a response selection, and then the correct movement was carried out. 
Further research has provided evidence that these stages do exist, but that the response selection period of any reaction time increases as the number of available choices grows, a relationship known as Hick's law.
Closed loop control.
Most movements that are carried out during day-to-day activity are formed using a continual process of accessing sensory information and using it to more accurately continue the motion. This type of motor control is called feedback control, as it relies on sensory feedback to control movements. Feedback control is a situated form of motor control, relying on sensory information about performance and specific sensory input from the environment in which the movement is carried out. This sensory input, while processed, does not necessarily cause conscious awareness of the action. "Closed loop control" is a feedback based mechanism of motor control, where any act on the environment creates some sort of change that will affect future performance through feedback. Closed loop motor control is best suited to continuously controlled actions, but does not work quickly enough for ballistic actions. Ballistic actions are actions that continue to the end without thinking about it, even when they no longer are appropriate.Because feedback control relies on sensory information, it is as slow as sensory processing. These movements are subject to a speed/accuracy trade-off, because sensory processing is being used to control the movement, the faster the movement is carried out, the less accurate it will become.
Open loop control.
Some movements, however, occur too quickly to integrate sensory information, and instead must rely on feed forward control. "Open loop control" is a feed forward form of motor control, and is used to control rapid, ballistic movements that end before any sensory information can be processed. In order to best study this type of control, most research focuses on deafferentation studies, often involving cats or monkeys whose sensory nerves have been disconnected from their spinal cords. Monkeys who lost all sensory information from their arms resumed normal behavior after recovering from the deafferentation procedure. Most skills were relearned, but fine motor control became very difficult.
Coordination.
A core motor control issue is coordinating the various components of the motor system to act in unison to produce movement. The motor system is highly complex, composed of many interacting parts at many different organizational levels. Peripheral neurons receive input from the central nervous system and innervate the muscles. In turn, muscles generate forces which actuate joints. Getting the pieces to work together is a challenging problem for the motor system and how this problem is resolved is an active area of study in motor control research.
Reflexes.
In some cases the coordination of motor components is hard-wired, consisting of fixed neuromuscular pathways that are called "reflexes". Reflexes are typically characterized as automatic and fixed motor responses, and they occur on a much faster time scale than what is possible for reactions that depend on perceptual processing. Reflexes play a fundamental role in stabilizing the motor system, providing almost immediate compensation for small perturbations and maintaining fixed execution patterns. Some reflex loops are routed solely through the spinal cord without receiving input from the brain, and thus do not require attention or conscious control. Others involve lower brain areas and can be influenced by prior instructions or intentions, but they remain independent of perceptual processing and online control.
The simplest reflex is the "monosynaptic reflex" or short-loop reflex, such as the monosynaptic stretch response. In this example, Ia afferent neurons are activated by muscle spindels when they deform due to the stretching of the muscle. In the spinal cord, these afferent neurons synapse directly onto alpha motor neurons that regulate the contraction of the same muscle. Thus, any stretching of a muscle automatically signals a reflexive contraction of that muscle, without any central control. As the name and the description implies, monosynaptic reflexes depend on a single synaptic connection between an afferent sensory neuron and efferent motor neuron. In general the actions of monosynaptic reflexes are fixed and cannot be controlled or influenced by intention or instruction. However, there is some evidence to suggest that the gain or magnitude of these reflexes can be adjusted by context and experience.
"Polysynaptic reflexes" or long-loop reflexes are reflex arcs which involve more than a single synaptic connection in the spinal cord. These loops may include cortical regions of the brain as well, and are thus slower than their monosynaptic counterparts due to the greater travel time. However, actions controlled by polysynaptic reflex loops are still faster than actions which require perceptual processing. While the actions of short-loop reflexes are fixed, polysynaptic reflexes can often be regulated by instruction or prior experience. A common example of a long loop reflex is the asymmetrical tonic neck reflex observed in infants.
Synergies.
A motor "synergy" is a neural organization of a multi-element system that (1) organizes sharing of a task among a set of elemental variables; and (2) ensures co-variation among elemental variables with the purpose to stabilize performance variables. The components of a synergy need not be physically connected, but instead are connected by their response to perceptual information about the particular motor task being executed. Synergies are learned, rather than being hardwired like reflexes, and are organized in a task-dependent manner; a synergy is structured for a particular action and not determined generally for the components themselves. Nikolai Bernstein famously demonstrated synergies at work in the hammering actions of professional blacksmiths. The muscles of the arm controlling the movement of the hammer are informationally linked in such a way that errors and variability in one muscle are automatically compensated for by the actions of the other muscles. These compensatory actions are reflex-like in that they occur faster than perceptual processing would seem to allow, yet they are only present in expert performance, not in novices. In the case of blacksmiths, the synergy in question is organized specifically for hammering actions and is not a general purpose organization of the muscles of the arm. Synergies have two defining characteristics in addition to being task dependent; sharing and flexibility/stability.
"Sharing" requires that the execution of a particular motor task depends on the combined actions of all the components that make up the synergy. Often, there are more components involved than are strictly need for the particular task (see "Redundancy" below), but the control of that motor task is distributed across all components nonetheless. A simple demonstration comes from a two-finger force production task, where participants are required to generate a fixed amount of force by pushing down on two force plates with two different fingers. In this task, participants generated a particular force output by combining the contributions of independent fingers. While the force produced by any single finger can vary, this variation is constrained by the action of the other such that the desired force is always generated.
Co-variation also provides "flexibility and stability" to motor tasks. Considering again the force production task, if one finger did not produce enough force, it could be compensated for by the other. The components of a motor synergy are expected to change their action to compensate for the errors and variability in other components that could affect the outcome of the motor task. This provides flexibility because it allows for multiple motor solutions to particular tasks, and it provides motor stability by preventing errors in individual motor components from affecting the task itself.
Synergies simplify the computational difficulty of motor control. Coordinating the numerous degrees of freedom in the body is a challenging problem, both because of the tremendous complexity of the motor system, as well as the different levels at which this organization can occur (neural, muscular, kinematic, spatial, etc.). Because the components of a synergy are functionally coupled for a specific task, execution of motor tasks can be accomplished by activating the relevant synergy with a single neural signal. The need to control all of the relevant components independently is removed because organization emerges automatically as a consequence of the systematic covariation of components. Similar to how reflexes are physically connected and thus do not require control of individual components by the central nervous system, actions can be executed through synergies with minimal executive control because they are functionally connected.
Motor Programs.
While synergies represent coordination derived from peripheral interactions of motor components, motor programs are specific, pre-structured motor activation patterns that are generated and executed by a central controller (in the case of a biological organism, the brain). They represent at top-down approach to motor coordination, rather than the bottom-up approach offered by synergies. Motor programs are executed in an open-loop manner, although sensory information is most likely used to sense the current state of the organism and determine the appropriate goals. However, once the program has been executed, it cannot be altered online by additional sensory information.
Evidence for the existence of motor programs comes from studies of rapid movement execution and the difficulty associated with changing those movements once they have been initiated. For example, people who are asked to make fast arm swings have extreme difficulty in halting that movement when provided with a "STOP" signal after the movement has been initiated. Interestingly, this reversal difficulty persists even if the stop signal is presented after the initial "GO" signal but "before" the movement actually begins. This research suggests that once selection and execution of a motor program begins, it must run to completion before another action can be taken. This effect has been found even when the movement that is being executed by a particular motor program is prevented from occurring at all. People who attempt to execute particular movements (such as pushing with the arm), but unknowingly have the action of their body arrested before any movement can actually take place, show the same muscle activation patterns (including stabilizing and support activation that does not actually generate the movement) as when they are allowed to complete their intended action.
Although the evidence for motor programs seems persuasive, there have been several important criticisms of the theory. The first is the problem of storage. If each movement an organism could generate requires its own motor program, it would seem necessary for that organism to possess an unlimited repository of such programs and where these would be kept is not clear. Aside from the enormous memory requirements such a facility would take, no motor program storage area in the brain has yet been identified. The second problem is concerned with novelty in movement. If a specific motor program is required for any particular movement, it is not clear how one would ever produce a novel movement. At best, any new movement would have to be practiced extensively before it could be executed with any success, and at worst no new movements would be possible because no motor program would ever exist. These difficulties have led to a more nuanced notion of motor programs known as generalized motor programs. A generalized motor program is a program for a particular "class" of action, rather than a specific movement. This program is parameterized by the context of the environment and the current state of the organism.
Redundancy.
An important issue for coordinating the motor system is the problem of the redundancy of motor degrees of freedom. As detailed in the "Synergies" section, many actions and movements can be executed in multiple ways because functional synergies controlling those actions are able to co-vary without changing the outcome of the action. This is possible because there are more motor components involved in the production of actions than are generally required by the physical constraints on that action. For example, the human arm has seven joints which determine the position of the hand in the world. However, only three spatial dimensions are needed to specify any location the hand could be placed in. This excess of kinematic degrees of freedom means that there are multiple arm configurations that correspond to any particular location of the hand.
Some of the earliest and most influential work on the study of motor redundancy came from the Russian physiologist Nikolai Bernstein. Bernstein's research was primarily concerned with understanding how coordination was developed for skilled actions. He observed that the redundancy of the motor system made it possible to execute actions and movements in a multitude of different ways while achieving equivalent outcomes. This equivalency in motor action means that there is no one-to-one correspondence between the desired movements and the coordination of the motor system needed to execute those movements. Any desired movement or action does not have a particular coordination of neurons, muscles and kinematics which will make it possible, but instead This motor equivalency problem became known as the degrees of freedom problem because it is a product of having redundant degrees of freedom available in the motor system.
Perception in Motor Control.
Related, yet distinct from the issue of how the "processing" of sensory information affects the control of movements and actions is the question of how the perception of the world structures action. Perception is extremely important in motor control because it carries the relevant information about objects, environments and bodies which is used in organizing and executing actions and movements. What is perceived and how the subsequent information is used to organize the motor system is a current and ongoing area of research.
Model Based Control Strategies.
Most model based strategies of motor control rely on perceptual information, but assume that this information is not always useful, veridical or constant. Optical information is interrupted by eye blinks, motion is obstructed by objects in the environment, distortions can change the appearance of object shape. Model based and representational control strategies are those that rely on accurate internal models of the environment, constructed from a combination of perceptual information and prior knowledge, as the primary source information for planning and executing actions, even in the absence of perceptual information.
Inference and Indirect Perception.
Many models of the perceptual system assume indirect perception, or the notion that the world that gets perceived is not identical to the actual environment. Environmental information must go through several stages before being perceived, and the transitions between these stages introduce ambiguity. What actually gets perceived is the mind's best guess about what is occurring in the environment based on previous experience. Support for this idea comes from the Ames room illusion, where a distorted room causes the viewer to see objects known to be a constant size as growing or shrinking as they move around the room. The room itself is seen as being square, or at least consisting of right angles, as all previous rooms the perceiver has encountered have had those properties. Another example of this ambiguity comes from the doctrine of specific nerve energies. The doctrine presents the finding that there are distinct nerve types for different types of sensory input, and these nerves will respond in a characteristic way regardless of the method of stimulation. That is to say, the color red causes optical nerves to fire in a specific pattern that is processed by the brain as experiencing the color red. However, if that same nerve is electrically stimulated in an identical pattern, the brain could perceive the color red when no corresponding stimuli is present.
Forward Models.
Forward models are a predictive internal model of motor control that takes the available perceptual information, combined with a particular motor program, and tries to predict the outcome of the planned motor movement. Forward models structure action by determining how the forces, velocities, and positions of motor components will affect changes in the environment and in the individual. It is proposed that forward models help with the Neural control of limb stiffness when individuals interact with their environment. Forward models are thought to take motor programs as their input in order to predict the outcome of an action. An error signal is generated when the predictions made by a forward model do not match the actual outcome of the movement, prompting an update of an existing model and providing a mechanism for learning. These models explain why it is impossible to tickle yourself. A sensation is experienced as ticklish when it is unpredictable. However, forward models predict the outcome of your motor movements, meaning the motion is predictable, and therefore not ticklish.
Evidence for forward models comes from studies of motor adaptation. When a person's goal-directed reaching movements are perturbed by a force field, they gradually, but steadily, adapt the movement of their arm to allow them to again reach their goal. However, they do so in such a way that preserves some high level movement characteristics; bell-shaped velocity profiles, straight line translation of the hand, and smooth, continuous movements. These movement features are recovered, despite the fact that they require startlingly different arm dynamics (i.e. torques and forces). This recovery provides evidence that what is motivating movement is a particular motor plan, and the individual is using a forward model to predict how arm dynamics will change the movement of the arm to achieve particular task level characteristics. Differences between the expected arm movement and the observed arm movement produces an error signal which is used as the basis for learning. Additional evidence for forward models comes from experiments which require subjects to determine the location of an effector following an unvisualized movement
Inverse Models.
Inverse models predict the necessary movements of motor components to achieve a desired perceptual outcome. They can also take the outcome of a motion and attempt to determine the sequence of motor commands that resulted in that state. These types of models are particularly useful for open loop control, and allow for specific types of movements, such as fixating on a stationary object while the head is moving. Complimentary to forward models, inverse models attempt to estimate how to achieve a particular perceptual outcome in order to generate the appropriate motor plan. Because inverse models and forward model are so closely associated, studies of internal models are often used as evidence for the roles of both model types in action.
Motor adaptation studies, therefore, also make a case for the existence of inverse models. Motor movements seem to follow predefined "plans" which preserve certain invariant features of the movement. In the reaching task mentioned above, the persistence of bell-shaped velocity profiles and smooth, straight hand trajectories provides evidence for the existence of such plans. The movements which achieve these desired task-level outcomes are estimated by an inverse model. Adaptation therefore proceeds as a process of estimating the necessary movements with an inverse model, simulating with a forward model the outcome of those movement plans, observing the difference between the desired outcome and the actual outcome, and updating the models for a future attempt.
Information Based Control.
An alternative to model based control is information based control. Informational control strategies organize movements and actions based on perceptual information about the environment, rather than on cognitive models or representations of the world. The actions of the motor system are organized by information about the environment and information about the current state of the agent. Information based control strategies often treat the environment and the organism as a single system, with action proceeding as a natural consequence of the interactions of this system. A core assumption of information based control strategies is that perceptions of the environment are rich in information and veridical for the purposes of producing actions. This runs counter to the assumptions of indirect perception made by model based control strategies.
Direct Perception.
Direct perception in the cognitive sense is related to the philosophical notion of naïve or direct realism in that it is predicated on the assumption that what we perceive is what is actually in the world. James J. Gibson is credited with recasting direct perception as ecological perception. While the problem of indirect perception proposes that physical information about object in our environment is not available due to the ambiguity of sensory information, proponents of direct perception (like Gibson) suggest that the relevant information encoded in sensory signals is not the physical properties of objects, but rather the action opportunities the environment affords. These affordances are directly perceivable without ambiguity, and thus preclude the need for internal models or representations of the world. Affordances exist only as a byproduct of the interactions between an agent and its environment, and thus perception is an "ecological" endeavor, depending on the whole agent/environment system rather than on the agent in isolation.
Because affordances are action possibilities, perception is directly connected to the production of actions and movements. The role of perception is to provide information that specifies how actions should be organized and controlled, and the motor system is "tuned" to respond to specific type of information in particular ways. Through this relationship, control of the motor system and the execution of actions is dictated by the information of the environment. As an example, a doorway "affords" passing through, but a wall does not. How a one might pass through a doorway is specified by the visual information received from the environment, as well as the information perceived about one's own body. Together, this information determines the pass-ability of a doorway, but not a wall. In addition, the act of moving towards and passing through the doorway generates more information and this in turn specifies further action. The conclusion of direct perception is that actions and perceptions are critically linked and one cannot be fully understood without the other.
Behavioral Dynamics.
Building on the assumptions of direct perception behavioral dynamics is a behavioral control theory which treats perceptual organisms as dynamic systems that respond to informational variables with actions, in a functional manner. Under this understanding of behavior, actions unfold as the natural consequence of the interaction between the organisms and the available information about the environment, which specified in body-relevant variables. Much of the research in behavioral dynamics has focused on locomotion, where visually specified information (such as optic flow, time-to-contact, optical expansion, etc.) is used to determine how to navigate the environment Interaction forces between the human and the environment also affect behavioral dynamics as seen in by the Neural control of limb stiffness.
Physiological Basis of Motor Control.
Motor Units.
Daily tasks, for instance walking to the bathroom, talking one of your friends or eating the dinner all require multiple muscles that innervate body parts to move properly in order to complete specific tasks. Motor units that consist tens, hundreds or even thousands of motor nerves branches are connected to the muscles. In our body, Rectus femoris contains approximately 1 million muscles fibers which are controlled by around 1000 of motor nerves. Within one motor units which can categorized to type I (slow twitch) or Type II fibers (fast twitch), the composition type of the muscle fiber will be consistent (homogeneous); whereas within one muscle, there will be several different combination of two types of motor units (heterogeneous).
There are three primary types of muscle fibers: Type I, Type IIa and Type IIb. As described above, Type I muscle fibers are known as slow twitch oxidative, Type IIa are fast twitch oxidative and Type IIb are fast twitch glycolytic. These three different types of fibers are specialized to have unique functionalities. Type I fibers are described as high endurance but low Force/Power/Speed production, Type IIb as low endurance but high Force/Power/Speed production and Type IIa fibers are characterized in between the two.
Motor units are multiple muscle fibers that are bundled together. When a person wants to move their body, in order to achieve a certain task, the brain instantly sends out an impulse signal that reaches the specific motor unit through the spinal cord. After receiving the signal from the brain, the motor unit contracts muscle fibers within the group thus creating movement. There is no partial firing in the motor unit, meaning, once the signal is detected, all the muscles fibers within the unit contract. However, there are different intensities. Since each motor unit contracts 100% of its fiber once stimulated, types of motor unit that generate different force or speed are significant.
Fiber Type—Contraction Speed—Time to Peak Power—Fatigue
I (slow twitch) -------slow--------------100 milliseconds--------slowly
IIA (fast twitch) -----fast-----------------50 milliseconds--------fast
IIB (fast twitch) -----very fast-----------25 milliseconds--------fast
Mechanism and Structure of motor unit.
For low intensity tasks, smaller motor units with fewer muscle fibers will be used. These smaller motor unites are known as low threshold motor units. They consist of type I fibers that contract much slower and thus provide less force for daily basic movement such as typing on the keyboard. 
For more intense tasks, motor units containing Type II muscle fibers will be utilized. These fast twitch motor units are known as high threshold motor units. The major difference between low threshold motor units (slow twitch motor unit) and high threshold motor units (fast twitch motor unit) is that high threshold motor units control more muscle fibers and contain larger muscle fibers, in comparison to low threshold motor unit. On the other hand, the main difference between the slow twitch muscle fiber (Type I) and fast twitch muscle fiber (Type II) has the same theory of the size deviations.
During an activity of lifting heavy objects such as working out with a dumbbell, not only does low threshold motor units, but also the high threshold motor units are recruited to compensate forces required in addition to just holding a fork, in which the energy created by the low threshold motor units is sufficient to complete the job. When giving a job, the body first recruits the slow-twitch motor units following by recruit more a more fast-twitch motor units as forces required to complete the movements increase. Thus, when the body has to carry an extremely massive object, it would recruited all the available motor units to contract for the particular muscle that has been used.
The type of fiber (type I vs Type II) is controlled by the nervous system. The brain is the central information center that sent out the signal to the nerves, that the nerves control and connect the motor units. For two different motor units present, the body adopt it with two different nerves to control them. Fast twitch motor units are controlled by fast twitch nerves while Slow twitch motor units are controlled by slow twitch nerves.
In the laboratory, a nerve from a motor unit that is connected to a slow twitch muscle fiber was replace with a nerve that are designate for a fast twitch fiber. Amazingly, the slow twitch fiber behaved identically as a fast twitch fiber. In contrast, if the process was reverse, the fast twitch fiber performed as a slow twitch fiber as well. However, the nerves can not possibly transform from fast motor nerves into slow motor nerves and vice versa.
In many sports movements, the duration of certain action usually are within 200 milliseconds, and from the above charts, time to peak power of the individual muscle fibers of each type (I,IIA,IIB) have sufficient time to reach peak power production. This brings out a question of what is the superiority of having more Type II fibers?
This can be documented when you analyze a large group of athletes for vertical jump performance and their execution for a vertical jump. Athletes with more fast-twitch fibers (Type II) change direction quicker during their movement such as left to right direction and they tend to use less knee bend. These results can be confirmed by muscle biopsy and even by special force-plate analysis. This does not mean that athletes with lower fast-twitch fiber cannot jump higher, but they tend to do it a little slower and with a deeper knee bend.
Although having a high percentage of Type II fibers give a person more quicker movement, there is little doubt that the nervous system and the brain is more important on affecting the performance.
The majority of the time, the real limit to athletes performance is the number of motor units their nervous system can recruit in the short period of time and the amount of forces (size of the muscle fibers) provided of those motor units. The performance is rarely affect by the type of muscle fiber (slow twitch or fast) that constructed to motor units. The nervous system determines the degree of motor unit activated in sport like activities.
It normally takes 0.4 - 0.6 seconds for the nervous system to activate available muscle motor units to contract, same length of time demonstrating maximum strength or force. However, vertical jump activity only takes 0.2 seconds to perform. Therefore the factor of determining the performance is within 0.2 seconds, how many available muscle motor units can be recruited for contraction, yet how much fast twitch fibers in the body. as the result, an athlete lacking fast twitch fibers has better control of nervous system that recruited all the fast-twitch fibers in the body, the athlete tend to have superior performance in comparison to the athlete with a less control of nervous system while having greater number of fast twitch fibers.
From above, people can considerably increase their strength without increase the size of their muscle, because the body becomes more efficient at muscle recruitment and firing synchronization.

</doc>
<doc id="2843989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843989" title="KALC">
KALC

KALC (105.9 FM, "Alice 105.9") is a commercial radio station located in Denver, Colorado, USA. KALC airs an Adult Top 40 music format branded as "Alice 105.9".
History.
This frequency signed on in 1965 adopting the call letters KBPI, airing a rock music format.
KALC was originally owned by Secret Communications, before being acquired by Chancellor Media. In 1994, Chancellor Media decided to swap KBPI and the rock music format moved to 106.7, in place of their former competitor KAZY. KALC came on the air with a Top 40/Pop Alternative format, branded as "Alice 106". This was the first of many Alice-branded radio stations. Alice was the brain child of Frank Wood, Chuck Finney and Gregg Cassidy. Frank Wood referred to the radio station as "Warped AC". Frank wanted a fun sounding AC radio station. Alice was built on personalities and not just the music. 
The original airstaff in 1994 included Frosty Stillwell, Jamie White, Frank Kramer, Chris Davis in Middays, Alan Kabel in afternoon Drive. Music Director Jim Lawson, Creative Production Director Kelly Michaels, under the leadership of Program Director Gregg Cassidy. Alice's unique sound was developed by Chief Engineer Jeff Garrett. Liz Young served as Marketing Director. Other on-air staff members included Jackie Selby, Cha Cha, JoJo Turnbeaugh, Tuna, and "The Real Deal" Mike Neil also did afternoon drive for a time in 1995. Since then the station has seen some high-profile changes in both air staff and ownership, but the format remains unchanged.
In 2000, after Clear Channel Communications merged with AMFM, KALC was required to be divested. The station was sold to Salem Communications, who in turn sold the station to Emmis Communications. Emmis sold KALC and then co-owned KXPK to Entercom for $88 million. KXPK was spun off to Entravision shortly after the sale.
In 2003 Alice 106 received an overhaul by newly appointed Program Director BJ Harris (formerly Director of CHR Programming for Clear Channel Communications and half of the "MJ and BJ Morning Show" based at WFLZ/Tampa, and syndicated to Jacksonville, St. Louis and Charleston, SC). "Alice 106" became "Alice 105-9" complete with a new logo to accent the changes.
In early 2004 The Alice Morning Show (Greg Thunder/Bo Reynolds/Slacker) dissolved. Bo Reynolds took a break from radio to deal with personal issues. Shea Baker was hired to replace Bo and joined Gregg Thunder and Slacker in studio. By November 2004 Greg Thunder decided to resign from Alice and move back home to Minneapolis, Minnesota. Co-host Slacker moved to afternoons and Bo Reynolds rejoined Alice to create the "Slacker and Bo Afternoon Show". At that point, Program Director BJ Harris took over the morning show in October 2004 (with Shea Baker) and hired Howie Drummond from Cincinnati, Ohio as another one of his sidekicks. The show was still called the "Alice Morning Show" but sometimes referred to as "The BJ, Shea and Howie Morning Show". 
In early 2005, BJ stepped down as the program director of Alice. A short time later a new PD (Charese Fruge of KMXB/Las Vegas) was hired. Charese then hired midday talent Sam Hill to replace departing Kevin "Koz" Koske, who left for WTMX in Chicago and Davin Fesmire replaced night show host George McFly.
The "Alice Morning Show" was ready for some changes too. Shea Baker was replaced on the show in 2005 with Denver market veteran Jennifer Wilde. At that point BJ changed the name of the show to "The BJ, Howie and Jennifer Morning Show". The show quickly became a hit with Denver listeners, often finishing top 3 in all major female demos. In 2006, Bo Reynolds left the afternoon show, to be replaced by Alice veteran Steve Weed. The "Slacker and Steve Afternoon Show" quickly became a top-rated show. 
Dylan Sprague (formerly of WWWQ Atlanta - now PD of Kiss 108 and Jam'n 94.5 Boston, MA) took over the programming of Alice 105.9 in January 2008. In November of that year, morning co-host Jennifer Wilde declined a contract renewal and left the "BJ, Howie and Jennifer Morning Show" to pursue other interests. Erica Cobb (formerly of the "Eddie and Jobo Show" on WBBM-FM/Chicago) was hired to replace Wilde in January 2009. The show's name was changed to "The BJ, Howie and Erica Morning Show." Erica was replaced by former Alice morning show host Jamie White in 2012. Howie Drummond left the show in October 2012.
On September 11th, 2010, Jay Cruze (now "Cruze") debuted his weekend show on Alice 105.9. He arrived at Alice following an Afternoon Drive stint across town, at Wilks Broadcasting's 92.5 The Wolf. Prior to entering the Denver radio market, Jay was heard on SirusXM's Hits 1 and the Pulse as well as WYNY, New York and other major market stations.

</doc>
<doc id="2844012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844012" title="Hans Coppi">
Hans Coppi

Hans Coppi (25 January 1916, Berlin – 22 December 1942) was a German "Red Orchestra" resistance fighter against the Third Reich.
Life before World War II.
Coppi, whose parents Robert and Frieda were members of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD), was born in Berlin. From 1929 to 1932, he attended the Schulfarm Scharfenberg, a progressive "school-farm" in Berlin's Tegel district. During this time became a member of the "Red Pathfinders" and the Communist Youth Association of Germany (KJVD).
In 1932, Coppi was expelled from the Schulfarm after supporting some students who had watched Georg Wilhelm Pabst's banned Franco-German solidarity film "Kameradschaft". He was transferred to the Berliner Lessing-Gymnasium. In the meantime, Adolf Hitler's Nazi Party had assumed power in Germany.
Following the Reichstag fire in March 1933, for which the Nazis blamed communists, Coppi took his political views and activity underground. Within a year, however, he had been arrested by the Gestapo and sent to Oranienburg concentration camp for two months without trial. He was then imprisoned for one year for handing out illegal leaflets.
After his release, Coppi found work as a lathe operator and made contact with old friends from the Schulfarm aiding victims of Nazi persecution. He continued to co-write leaflets warning of the consequences of Nazi warmongering.
World War II.
At the outbreak of World War II in autumn 1939, Coppi was deemed unfit and unworthy to be a soldier. Instead, he joined Wilhelm Schürmann-Horster's resistance group and established contacts with the communist "Red Orchestra" resistance circle. He agreed to pass information about these groups' activities to the Soviet Union by radio.
Downfall.
On September 12, 1942, Coppi and his pregnant wife were arrested in Schrimm (now Śrem, Poland). His parents, brother and mother-in-law were also arrested around this time. He was convicted by the "Reichskriegsgericht" (the "Reich Military Tribunal") and sentenced to death on December 19. Three days later, he was hanged along with fellow resistance members Arvid Harnack and Harro Schulze-Boysen at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.
Hilde gave birth to their son, Hans, on November 27, while detained at the Barnimstrasse Women's Prison in Berlin. She was executed less than a year later, on August 5, 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="2844015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844015" title="Mel Lastman Square">
Mel Lastman Square

Mel Lastman Square is a public square at North York Civic Centre in the North York, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is named for former North York mayor (and later Toronto mayor) Mel Lastman.
The square hosts a variety of activities throughout the year, but is primarily a quiet space in which to relax or eat lunch.
Surrounded by Yonge Street on the east, the Toronto District School Board headquarters on the south, North York Civic Centre on the west, and the Central Library to the north, Mel Lastman Square was intended to be the heart of North York. With its sunken configuration and tree cover, activities can take place away from the busy traffic on Yonge Street.
An artificial stream runs from a fountain under a large sign at Yonge street down into a large concrete square. Planters, trees, shrubs and wooden benches surround the area. A large pool is located in the centre of the square that serves as a relaxing focal point in the summer and a skating rink in the winter.
The square also features an outdoor theatre for a number of events, including Sunday Serenades jazz concerts each summer. Other events include a farmer's market, cultural festivals, Canada Day festivities and numerous family events.

</doc>
<doc id="2844023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844023" title="Better World Club">
Better World Club

The Better World Club provides services to motorists in the USA, and supports organizations seeking to reduce the environmental damage done by automobiles. BWC, which describes itself as "the nation's only environmentally friendly auto club", offers a bicycle membership and caters to hybrid vehicle owners.BetterWorldClub.com Nationwide membership was just under 20,000 people as of June 2006. In comparison, the rival American Automobile Association has 53 million members nationwide.
History.
Better World Club was founded by longtime friends Mitch Rofsky and Todd Silberman. It began signing up members on June 4, 2002. Rofsky and Silberman grew up as friends in Ohio and each pursued separate careers related to environmental responsibility and travel before coming together to form Better World Club. The idea initially came from environmentalists who reported that AAA used anti-environment lobbying practices. When they approached Mitch Rofsky with the idea, he realized that there was an opportunity to successfully compete with AAA.
Member services.
Emergency roadside assistance.
Emergency roadside assistance is available to drivers of both automobiles and bicycles. A bicycle membership can be purchased separately or added onto an auto policy for a smaller additional fee. Services are available across all 50 states and DC the USA and Canada.
Automobile membership includes 4 service calls per year (defined as: towing, battery assistance, lockout assistance, flat tire assistance, fuel delivery or extrication) - if bicycle coverage is included these 4 calls can be split between auto and bike calls. Basic auto membership includes towing up to 5 miles, while the premium membership increases the limit to 100 miles. A bicycle-only membership provides service up to 30 miles annually with a limit of 2 service calls.
Travel products and services.
Through TravelCool, Better World Club offers discounted travel with eco-friendly travel partners. Partners must emphasize sustainable practices such as recycling and building environmental awareness. Carbon offsets are included in the travel planning fee if a travel consultant is used. Discounts are available at eco-friendly lodgings, as well as at larger more well-known hotel chains. Discounts are also available on hybrid and biodiesel rental cars, available in select cities.
Trip route planning as well as maps covering North America from the city level up through the national level are available free to all members. Maps and travel planners are ordered by phone or email and delivered by mail within 7–14 days.
Insurance products and services.
Better World Insurance, headquartered in Cambridge, MA, offers auto insurance as well as travel insurance. Carbon offsets are included free with the first year's auto insurance and offered for a nominal fee after that. Better World Insurance also advocates for pay-as-you-drive auto insurance, and offer it to customers in the limited locations where it is available.
Other benefits.
Other member benefits include gas rebate coupons and discounts at other environmentally friendly companies both online and off. Hybrid car and biodiesel car owners receive a discount on membership (with gas-guzzlers that get less than 10 mi/gal being charged an additional surcharge). All members are eligible to receive the monthly newsletter, "Kicking Asphalt", which includes news and information about environmental and travel related topics, new member discounts, and occasional calls for member activism. In order to preserve natural resources, this newsletter is distributed by email only.
Partners.
Better World Club partners include: Adventure Cycling Association, "Car Talk", League of American Bicyclists, National Wildlife Federation, Organic Consumers Association, Washington Area Bicycle Association, and Working Assets.

</doc>
<doc id="2844032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844032" title="Yōon">
Yōon

Yōon are represented in hiragana using a kana ending in "i", such as き ("ki"), plus a smaller-than-usual version of one of the three "y" kana, "ya", "yu" or "yo". For example "kyō", "today", is written きょう, using a small version of the "yo" kana, よ. Contrast this with "kiyō", "skillful", which is written きよう, with a full-sized "yo" kana. In the past, in historical kana usage, "yōon" were not distinguished with the smaller kana, and had to be determined by context.
In earlier Japanese, yōon could also be formed with the kana "wa", "wi", "we", and "wo"; for example, くゎ/クヮ "kwa",　くゐ/クヰ "kwi", くゑ/クヱ "kwe",　くを/クヲ "kwo". Although obsolete in modern Japanese, "kwa" and "kwi" can still be found in several of the Ryukyuan languages today, while "kwe" is formed with the digraph くぇ. Instead of the kana き, these are formed with the kana for "ku", く/ク.
Other Representations.
In Japanese Braille, Yōon is indicated with one of the yōon, yōon+dakuten, or yōon+handakuten prefixes.
Unlike in kana, Braille yōon is prefixed to the -a/-u/-o syllables, rather than the -i, e.g. きゅ (kyu) = yōon + ku: . Likewise, the -w- syllables are indicated by a prefix of the -a/-i/-e/-o syllables, rather than an -u syllable, e.g. くぁ / くゎ (kwa) = -w- + ka: .

</doc>
<doc id="2844035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844035" title="Sarah McLeod (musician)">
Sarah McLeod (musician)

Sarah McLeod is an Australian musician and singer, the former frontwoman of rock band The Superjesus. She has three ARIA awards and over 300,000 record sales to her name (from her Superjesus days 1994-2004), and has been referred to as the "iconic Aussie rock chick".
History.
McLeod, originally from Adelaide in South Australia, started singing in her late teens. Coming from an expensive private religious girls' high school (St Peter's Collegiate Girls' School) and a planned career in stockbroking, and with only a few chords and a love of performance discovered during a holiday with friends in Bali, she formed her first band, Fallen Down Monster (FDM) where she first displayed her rock-chick characteristics and honed her vocal and guitar skills, and fun-loving, energetic stage presence. With FDM, McLeod performed indy band covers and wrote several strong originals which were never recorded, before finding creative synergy with Chris Tennant and forming a new band, originally called "Hell's Kitchen" which later became The Superjesus. McLeod released three albums and an EP with the Superjesus and after nearly ten years split with the band in 2004.
Sarah is the younger sister of TV presenter Leah McLeod (b. 1971).
Solo career and first album.
In 2005, McLeod launched her solo career, releasing her first single "Let's Get Together" in May, followed by single "Private School Kid" (a duet with Chris Cheney from The Living End) in July. Her first solo album, titled "Beauty Was A Tiger" (Festival Mushroom Records), was released in September 2005. Sarah's new backing band (known as The Black Diamond Express) consists of Stu Hunter (keyboards), Mick Skelton (drums), Patch Brown (guitar) and Grant Fitzpatrick (bass guitar). All the tracks on this album were written either by Sarah or with Chris Peters, bass player with the Detroit band Electric Six.
Following the release of "Private School Kid", Sarah parted ways with her record company (which record company?). She went on to release the singles "All But Gone" as an independent EP, and "He Doesn't Love You", which was also remixed. In October 2006, the remix of her single "He Doesn't Love You" reached #1 on the Aria Club Charts, and has also been released in the UK.
In 2006 McLeod performed some solo acoustic gigs which were so successful they culminated in a tour of Australia, playing some songs from "Beauty Was A Tiger", some old Superjesus hits and a few covers. According to recentwhen? interviews she feels she has really hit her stride, and in October 2006 she released a self-titled CD of her new live & acoustic sound.
Second album (2007–present).
McLeod worked on a follow up album scheduled for release in 2008. She spent much of 2007 and 2008 traveling in the United States and living in London where she recorded songs for the album. Sarah first previewed a track titled "Love Will Conquer All" on MySpace in 2007. Since then there have been other tracks, demos and samples released on her MySpace profile including "Sometimes Love" and "No One's Ever Died of a Broken Heart". She has also mentioned other songs in her blogs. In October 2008, Sarah stated that she was working on some new demos and added a cover of the song "Leaving on a Jetplane" to her profile. In November 2009 she released the single "Tell Your Story Walking", an electronic, New Wave sound of the 1980s music which became a surprise hit in the club scene. The second single, "White Horse", was a hit in clubs both in Australia and around the world.
In 2009 Sarah posted several demos on her MySpace profile including "Love to Last", "No One's Ever Died From a Broken Heart" and "Tell Your Story Walking". Although she has not confirmed the songs for her album, she stated that she will continue to post more demos in coming months.
In July 2010, Sarah released some remixes from John Roman, Autoerotique and Grandtheft for her forthcoming single "Double R" which is scheduled for release in August 2010. She also released her cover of Bruce Springsteen's "Dancing in the Dark".
Sarah McLeod was revealed as the driving force behind new project Screaming Bikini, after the release of their debut album in May 2011.
Most recently, Sarah has been touring Australia performing acoustic shows and has recently reformed her rock band The Superjesus that brought her to fame in the 90's..
External links.
https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Superjesus-Official/211214315572293?ref=tn_tnmn

</doc>
<doc id="2844037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844037" title="Overseas Family School">
Overseas Family School

Overseas Family School (OFS) is a privately owned Pre K-12 International school, providing education in the English language medium for overseas families living in Singapore. It started in 1991 with roughly 50 students, today Overseas Family School has 3580 students from 75 nationalities.
OFS is one of the several international schools in Singapore, that is authorised by International Baccalaureate Organisation (IBO) to offer a full International Baccalaureate education from age three to senior high school (Pre K-12).
OFS offers a Study Preparation Programme (SPP) for students for whom English is a second or other language (ESOL). It helps students to quickly learn to read, write, listen to and speak English while also doing their usual school subjects. SPP has three levels and promotions are considered every quarter. About 400 students are in SPP classes.
OFS faculty is a team of international teachers. Students study languages chosen from French, German, Japanese, Mandarin, Spanish or English.
OFS is accredited K-12 by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, California, USA (WASC), authorised by IGCSE Cambridge as an Examination Centre and registered in Singapore by CPE, Council for Private Education.
Elementary School.
From age six in Grades 1-5. Curriculum is the enquiry based Primary Years Program of the International Baccalaureate, with language learning for all students.
Middle School.
Students in Grades 6-8. Curriculum is the integrated Middle Years Program of the International Baccalaureate, with language learning for all students.
High School.
Study Preparation Programs SPP.
To prepare students for study in English, while also maintaining their school subjects. Reading, Writing, Listening, Speaking English Language.
Academic and other Facilities.
The Overseas Family School campus is situated on , with ten buildings clustered around its sports facilities.
Athletics.
The Overseas Family School provides a sports program and participates in interschool competition in badminton, cricket, netball, rugby, football, softball, tennis, volleyball and golf. These events take place at the School, or students travel by bus to other venues. The school has five shaded outdoor basketball courts, two indoor multipurpose gymnasiums, a playing field with football pitches, and tennis courts. A baby pool is provided for kindergarten and a 25-meter pool for the elementary students, and middle school students and high school students.
Extracurricular activities.
A large number of extracurricular activities are offered during the school day as well as after school and on weekends. Students must choose one activity and may change their selection each quarter. Each member of the faculty is involved in at least one sport, cultural, special interest, or academic activity. Extracurricular activities include football, rugby, table tennis, aerobics, tae kwon do, karate, jewelry making, Ultimate Frisbee, cricket, Bishan Home, Chess Club, basketball, drama, choral music, calligraphy and crafts, Scouts, Guides, Student Voice (student representation and leadership)Brownies and community service.
MUNOFS.
After participating in Model United Nations Conferences around the world, the school had its own MUN Conference in 2009. The conference was held on February 13–15, 2009 at the school. The conference had delegate numbers in the hundreds. The guest speaker was Mr. Dumas of the Canadian High Commission Singapore, who gave the delegates a speech entitled "We Are All Diplomats". The participating schools came from around Singapore.
Some of the schools represented were Overseas Family School Middle and High School, Singapore American School, Canadian International School Singapore, Evergreen Secondary School, Ang Mo Kio Secondary School, Global Indian International School Singapore and Anderson Junior College.

</doc>
<doc id="2844056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844056" title="KYGO-FM">
KYGO-FM

KYGO-FM is a country music radio station in Denver, Colorado. The Lincoln Financial Media outlet operates at 98.5 MHz with an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100 kW. Its studios are located in Greenwood Village, and the transmitter is on Squaw Mountain near Evergreen.
KYGO-FM is Colorado's secondary (LP-2) Emergency Alert System station. KOA is the primary (LP-1) station.
History.
The station signed on the air in 1953 as KFML, but following the sale of the station to Jefferson-Pilot Broadcasting in 1974, adopted the KIMN-FM call letters. The station changed call letters to KYGO in 1979 and later that year changed from contemporary hits to the country music format. Bob Call, previously of WSOC-FM in Charlotte, North Carolina, flipped the switch; when he started at WSOC he knew little about country music but learned fast.
In 2007, the station was named Country music station of the year in a top 25 market by Radio & Records magazine. Other nominees included WUSN Chicago, WYCD Detroit, KEEY-FM Minneapolis, WXTU Philadelphia, and KSON-FM San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="2844059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844059" title="Slickrock Trail">
Slickrock Trail

The Slickrock Trail, located near Moab, Utah (USA), is a popular mountain biking destination with worldwide fame. This loop takes intrepid riders over a landscape of "petrified" sand dunes and the eroded remnants of ancient sea beds. The Slickrock Trail is one of the more difficult rides in the Moab area, both technically and cardiovascularly, and is not suitable for novice riders.
Part of the Sand Flats Recreation Area, the Slickrock Trail was originally laid out in 1969 for use by motocross motorcycles, and the area is still open to such recreation today. 4X4 and off-road enthusiasts will find a challenge on the nearby Hell's Revenge Trail, which intersects the Slickrock Trail in several places.
The so-called "slickrock" sandstone, which forms the majority of the trail's surface, is not slick at all, but has a surface much like sandpaper. The rubber tires of a mountain bike or off-road motorcycle will grip readily to its surface on all but the steepest hills. The sandpaper texture is notorious for inflicting severe abrasion injuries. The name "slickrock" was given by early settlers of the area because their horses' metal shoes had difficulty gaining traction on the rock's sloping surfaces. The same is true today for cyclists who use shoes with metal cleats while riding the Slickrock Trail. Slickrock also becomes very slick when wet.
In geological terms, the Slickrock Trail is not part of the actual "slickrock" formation. Rather, most of the outcrop that forms the trail is Navajo Sandstone. More commonly, the term "slickrock" has come to mean any expanse of sandstone with a surface level enough for walking or riding.
The Slickrock Trail consists of three main sections, an out-and-back lead-in (also known as a lollipop stick or a cherry stem), a loop, and an optional "practice loop". The lead-in, loop, and practice loop are clearly marked by white dashed lines to prevent riders from straying from the trail, becoming lost, or disturbing the fragile cryptobiotic soil through which the trail passes.
A minimal fee is required to enter the Sand Flats Recreation Area. Pit-toilets are available at the trailhead, but there is no drinking water available within the area.
Note, permitted trail activities included: mountain biking, hiking, motorcycling.

</doc>
<doc id="2844065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844065" title="R. v. Feeney">
R. v. Feeney

R. v. Feeney, 2 S.C.R. 13 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada on the right, under section 8 of the "Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms" against unreasonable search and seizure. The Court held that the police are not permitted to enter into someone's house without a search warrant.
Background.
On the morning of June 8, 1991, 85 year-old Frank Boyle was found dead in his Likely, British Columbia home from several severe blows to the head with a crowbar. At the scene, the police found a Sportsman brand cigarette, and later found Mr. Boyle's truck abandoned in a ditch. On a tip from local residents, the police located the driver of the truck, Michael Feeney, sleeping in a trailer behind the residence of a friend of his.
The police knocked on the trailer door, and shouted "police", but there was no reply. Guns drawn, the police entered. They found Feeney in bed and shook his leg to get his attention. The police asked him to get up and go outside where the light was better. Upon getting Mr. Feeney outside the police noticed his clothes were covered in blood. They read him his rights, he acknowledged he understood them, and they arrested him.
Upon questioning him, Mr. Feeney said that the blood was from getting hit by a baseball the day before. The police further noted the same brand of cigarettes in the Trailer as was found in Mr. Boyle's house. He was taken to an RCMP detachment, finger printed, made to use a breathalyzer, and for the first day or so was unsuccessful in contacting a lawyer. During this time he was questioned further, admitting he had hit and robbed Boyle. Once a search warrant was obtained, the police found Boyle's stolen property in the trailer. It was only after all of this that he finally met with a lawyer.
At trial in the Supreme Court of British Columbia he was convicted of second degree murder. On appeal the conviction was overturned.
Reasons of the court.
The majority was written by Sopinka J. with La Forest, Cory, Iacobucci and Major JJ concurring.
Section 8 of the "Charter".
Sopinka first considered the leading case of "R. v. Landry" on warrantless arrests in a dwelling, which held that a police officer could only arrest if there are "reasonable and probable grounds" to believe that the person is on the premises, the proper announcement is made before entering, and that the officer reasonably believes that the person has committed or will commit an indictable offence. "Reasonable and probable grounds" must be found on subjective and objective grounds ("R. v. Storrey" [1990), however, Sopinka held that there were no such grounds in this situation. The officer had admitted that he didn't think he had proper ground to enter at the time. He then went one step further and held that "R. v. Landry" is bad law in post-Charter law and that any entry into dwellings must be done with a warrant.
http://csc.lexum.umontreal.ca/en/1986/1986scr1-145/1986scr1-145.pdf
Section 24(2) of the "Charter".
Exclusionary rules of evidence based on section 8 violations of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. A "voire dire" is held by the trial judge to review the evidence in question before it is presented towards to the court or jury. This helps to ensure that any evidence brought before the courts has been legally seized by the police and that it does not bring the administration of justice into disrepute...
Dissent.
Two dissents were written, one by L'Heureux-Dubé J., with Gonthier and McLachlin JJ concurring, and another by Lamer CJ.

</doc>
<doc id="2844071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844071" title="Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi">
Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi

Krishnavamsi Pasupuleti (Telugu: పసుపులేటి కృష్ణవంశీ) (born 28 July 1962 as Pasupuleti Venkata Bangaaru Raju) is an Indian film director, producer and choreographer known for his works exclusively in Telugu Cinema.
In 1996, he directed the blockbuster "Ninne Pelladata", one of the highest grossing Telugu film of the time. He subsequently directed the critically acclaimed crime film, "Sindhooram" under his production house "Andhra Talkies", both the films have garnered the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. In 2002, he ventured into Bollywood with "" a remake of Vamsi's 1998 cult classic "Anthapuram".
Early life and background.
Krishna vamsi was born in Tadepalligudem in Andhra Pradesh.
He did his BSc. in Tadepalligudem followed by M.A. in Agricultural Economics from Agra University. He then entered the film industry. Krishna Vamsi ventured into Telugu cinema, as an assistant cinematographer and director under the mentorship of Ram Gopal Varma.
Personal life.
Krishna Vamsi is married to Ramya Krishnan, a South Indian actress. They have a son named Ritwik. Ramya acted in two of his films, "Sri Anjaneyam" (in a guest role) and "Chandralekha", prior to marriage.
Career.
He directed blockbusters like "Chandralekha" (1998), "Anthapuram" (1998), "Samudhram", (1999) and "Murari" (2001).
He has choreographed, (sara sara pake vishanm la, from the film "(Rakhi") "kannullo nee rupame" from "Ninne Pelladutha", "Ee velalo neevu Em Chestu Untavu" from "Gulabi", "Nuvvu Nuvvu" from Khadgam, "Oke Oka Maata" from Chakram. He has choreographed two music videos from the film "Okkadunnadu", at director Chandra Sekhar Yeleti's request.
In 2005, "Chakram" was released. It was inspired by an old song written by Sirivennala Seetha Rama Sastry, "Jagamanta Kutumbam Naadi".
In 2007, he directed the "Chandamama", which was released to positive reviews.
In 2009, "Sasirekha Parinayam" released; it did average business. In the same year, he did a film titled "Mahatma", which stars Srikanth and Bhavana as leading pair had down convincing business and gained a good public appreciation. This was Srikanth's 100th movie. The director Mr Vamsi gave Srikanth a good look according to the character.
He then directed "Mogudu" (2011) starring Gopichand, Taapsee Pannu, Shraddha Das in the lead roles with Gadde Rajendra Prasad, Roja and Naresh in supporting roles. The film is all about how a man truly becomes husband when he understands his wife and wins her love.
He would be directing a family movie based on human emotions with Ram Charan as the lead actor in his next directorial venture with Bandla Ganesh as the producer . The movie is expected to be launched on 6th Feb , 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2844073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844073" title="Cordouan Lighthouse">
Cordouan Lighthouse

Cordouan lighthouse is an active lighthouse located 7 km at sea, near the mouth of the Gironde estuary in France. At a height of it is the tenth tallest "traditional lighthouse" in the world.
The Tour de Cordouan, the 'Patriarch of Lighthouses', is by far the oldest lighthouse in France. It was designed by leading Paris architect Louis de Foix, and is something of a Renaissance masterpiece, an amalgam of royal palace, cathedral and fort. Started in 1584 and finished in 1611, it still stands today.
History.
Small beacon towers had existed on the islet since 880, but the first proper structure was implemented by Edward, the Black Prince, since Guienne was then an English province. It was high, with a platform on top where a wood fire could be kept burning, and manned by a religious hermit. Passing ships paid two groats to pass - the first known instance of lighthouse dues. In addition to the tower, a small chapel was built on the islet. However, by the second half of the 16th century the tower had fallen into disrepair and the hazard to navigation threatened the Bordeaux wine trade. This led to the construction of the current Tour de Cordouan.
Design.
De Foix first built a round base in diameter and high to take the onslaught of the waves. Within it was a cavity square for storing water and other supplies. Above it were constructed four storeys of diminishing size. The ground floor consisted of a circular tower in diameter, with apartments for four keepers around its inner wall. In the centre was richly decorated entrance hall square and high. The second storey was the King's Apartment, consisting of a drawing room, anteroom and a number of closets. The third storey was a chapel with a domed roof notable for the beauty of its mosaic. Above this was secondary lantern, and above that the Lantern itself. This was above the sea and visible 5–6 miles away, the original light being provided by burning oak chips in a metal container.
Throughout the building, de Foix took as much trouble with the decor as with the durability of the building, and on every floor was a profusion of gilt, carved work, elegantly arched doorways and statuary.
Extension.
The first parabolic lamps were added in 1782, but the lighthouse was now in very poor condition. Sailors also criticized the lack of height of the light. Major renovations were needed. They were carried out from 1782 to 1789 by the engineer Joseph Teulère who suggested enhancing the 30-meter tower, retaining the ground floor and two floors, in the Louis XVI style whose simplicity contrasted with the wealth of the lower floors, which retained their Renaissance decoration.
In 1790, after the lighthouse was raised 60 meters above the highest tides, Teulère devised the first turning lighting dish. It consisted of Argand lamps turned by a machine built by a watchmaker in Dieppe. The fuel was a mixture of whale, olive and rapeseed oil.
The first Fresnel lens rotating system, the invention of Augustin-Jean Fresnel, was installed in Cordouan in 1823. Three concentric lamp wicks, supplied to rapeseed oil by means of a suction and force pump, were placed in the focal plane of the apparatus. 
It was restored in 1855 and made a historical monument in 1862, at the same time as Notre-Dame de Paris. The Fresnel lens was replaced by the present lens in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="2844079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844079" title="Albert Campbell Square">
Albert Campbell Square

Albert Campbell Square is a landscaped civic square in Toronto's eastern district of Scarborough at the Scarborough Civic Centre. It is named for the former politician, Metro Chairman, and first mayor of Scarborough Albert Campbell. Albert Campbell Square is located at 150 Borough Drive, near the intersection of Ellesmere and McCowan roads.
Mostly a concrete square surrounded by some trees and landscaping, the square features a small stage and a waterfall that cascades down to a reflecting pool. The pool is used as a skating rink in winter and a wading pool during the summer. A medal bell tower is located next to the rink/pool.
A number of events are held in the square, mostly in the summer months, including a farmer's market from mid-June to mid-October.
See also.
Albert Campbell Square is a smaller civic square when compared to larger venues in Toronto:

</doc>
<doc id="2844084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844084" title="Louise Dean Centre">
Louise Dean Centre

The Louise Dean Centre is a public combined junior and senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, that teaches grades 9 through 12. It is designed exclusively for teenage mothers (current and expectant). It is operated by the Calgary Board of Education, with the assistance of The Catholic Family Service of Calgary (despite the organization's name, the program is secular like other CBE program).
The school was named for Louise Dean, who was born in 1896, and was an elected trustee of the CBE.
Special programs.
The Catholic Family Service assists students with counseling and organizes support groups for the teen mothers, fathers (although only the mothers can be students), and grandparents of the babies. It also provides an on-site daycare, the Dr. Clara Christie Infant Learning Centre, which allows the mothers to attend classes, but still visit their children frequently. The staff also helps teach new mothers parenting and life skills.
The Calgary Health Region assists students and their babies in areas of nursing, childbirth education and dental hygiene.

</doc>
<doc id="2844087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844087" title="John Sanger">
John Sanger

John Sanger (1816 - 22 August 1889) was an English circus proprietor.
He was born at Chew Magna, Somerset, in 1816, the son of an old sailor who had turned showman. In 1845 he started with his brother George Sanger a conjuring exhibition at Birmingham. The venture was successful, and the brothers, who had been interested spectators of the equestrian performances at Astley's Amphitheatre, London, then started touring the country with a circus entertainment consisting of a horse and pony and three or four human performers. This enterprise was a success from the beginning, and in due course John and George Sanger became lessees of the Agricultural Hall, London, and there produced a large number of elaborate spectacles.
In 1871 the Sangers leased Astley's Amphitheatre where they gave an equestrian pantomime every winter, touring in the summer with a large circus. Subsequently the partnership was dissolved, each brother producing his own show. John Sanger died while touring, at Ipswich, the business being continued by his son.
John Sanger's great-granddaughter, Victoria Sanger Freeman became a legendary figure in the circus world in her own right, becoming known as "the Queen of the Elephants." She was the last of the great Sanger circus dynasty which proudly held the title "The Greatest Name in Circus."
Sanger's circus once featured William Kite, an all-around performer whose appearance, as announced on a poster for Pablo Fanque's Circus Royal, was the inspiration for The Beatles song Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!

</doc>
<doc id="2844092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844092" title="Joseph Marion Hernández">
Joseph Marion Hernández

José Mariano Hernández or Joseph Marion Hernández (May 26, 1788 – June 8, 1857) was an American politician, plantation owner, and soldier. He was the first from the Florida Territory and the first Hispanic American to serve in the United States Congress. A member of the Whig Party, he served from September 1822 to March 1823.
Life.
Hernández was born in St. Augustine during Florida's second Spanish period. His parents were Minorcans who had originally come to the region as indentured servants in Andrew Turnbull's New Smyrna colony. Prior to the American acquisition of Florida, Hernández owned three plantations south of St. Augustine (in what was then East Florida): San Jose, Mala Compra, and Bella Vista, the last of which is now Washington Oaks State Gardens.
When Spain ceded the Floridas to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1822, Hernández pledged his allegiance to the U.S. After the organization of the Florida Territory later that year, he was elected Florida's first to the United States House of Representatives, and was approved by President James Monroe on September 30, 1822. He thus became the first Hispanic ever to serve in the U.S. Congress. He served for six months, leaving office on March 3, 1823.
Hernández later served in the Territorial House of Representatives, the predecessor to the Florida House of Representatives, in which he was the presiding officer. He continued running his plantations, which were burned by the Seminoles in the Second Seminole War. The ruins of one of these plantations, Mala Compra, is today a preserved archaeological site. He was appointed Brigadier General over a troop of volunteers during the war and was subsequently commissioned in the United States Army, serving from 1835 to 1838. Hernández was the commanding officer responsible for the imprisonment of the Seminole leader Osceola upon the orders of General Thomas Jesup, as well as the capture of Seminole chiefs Ee-mat-la (King Philip) and Seminole ally Uchee Billy. He retired with the rank of Brigadier General.
Hernández was an unsuccessful Whig candidate for the United States Senate in 1845. He later moved to Cuba and engaged as a planter in the District of Coliseo, near Matanzas, and died at the family's sugar estate, "Audaz", in the District of Coliseo, in Matanzas Province. He is interred in the del Junco family vault in Necropolis San Carlos Borromeo, Matanzas.
Hernández–Capron Trail.
In 1837, while with the U.S. Army, Hernández was ordered to build a road between St. Augustine, Florida and Fort Capron, located near present day Fort Pierce, Florida, on the St. Lucie River. He directed the blazing and clearing of the route that, 12 years earlier, Col. James Gadsden had cleared along the Atlantic Coastal Ridge to the St. Lucie River. It passed from Fort Capron through Fort Vinton, Fort Drum, Fort Kissimmee, Fort Meade to Fort Brooke (Tampa).

</doc>
<doc id="2844095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844095" title="Mouchette">
Mouchette

Mouchette () is a 1967 French film directed by Robert Bresson, starring Nadine Nortier and Jean-Claude Guilbert. It is based on the novel by Georges Bernanos. It was entered into the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, winning the OCIC Award (International Catholic Organization for Cinema and Audiovisual).
Mouchette tells the story of a girl entering adolescence, the daughter of a bullying alcoholic father and ailing mother set in a rural French village. One stormy night Mouchette's world changes.
It is a coming of age film which Bresson portrays in his own unique style. According to Bresson, "Mouchette offers evidence of misery and cruelty. She is found everywhere: wars, concentration camps, tortures, assassinations."
The Criterion Collection DVD release includes a trailer for this film made by Jean-Luc Godard.
Plot.
This is the tale of a young girl whose life is filled with tragedy. Mouchette (Nadine Nortier), whose name means "little fly," lives in an isolated French village with her alcoholic father and bedridden mother, where she takes care of her infant brother and does all the housework.
The film opens with a gamekeeper, Mathieu (Jean Vimenet), watching a poacher, Arsène (Jean-Claude Gilbert), as he sets his snares in the sunlit woods.
Mouchette is first introduced at her school, in bedraggled clothes and oversized clogs, where she is mocked by her classmates and chastised by her teacher, first for refusing to sing, and then for singing off-key. To correct this, her teacher grabs her by the head, orienting Mouchette's ear toward the piano keys, while striking the correct note several times. Later, Mouchette throws mud at several girls in her class who run away.
Later, in a contrast to the misery of her daily life, Mouchette goes to the fair and rides on the bumper cars. She meets a young man who bumps his car into hers several times. She bumps into his a few times. Despite the physical shocks incurred upon her during the activity, Mouchette seems to overlook them, and even likes the young man. Afterwards her father abruptly intervenes, slapping her on the face before she can speak to the boy.
While walking home from school one day, she gets lost in the woods and must seek shelter in a nearby house when a fierce rainstorm falls. The owner of the house, Arsène, an alcoholic epileptic, fears he has killed a man with whom he had fought and attempts to use Mouchette as an alibi to disabuse him of the blame. After she agrees to repeat the story he gives her, Arsène rapes her. They fall asleep together next to a fire and in the morning they both leave the cabin and Mouchette walks home. Later in the day, when confronted about the fight in the woods, she tries to offer the agreed upon story, having to state reluctantly that she was at Arsène's house through the night because they were lovers.
Returning home and finding her mother's condition worsening, she attempts to assuage her fears by comforting her. When her mother eventually succumbs to this sickness, she is invited into the house of an elderly woman who gives her several dresses as well as a shroud to cover her mother upon her mourning. After Mouchette insults her and damages the elderly woman's carpet, she leaves where she goes to a nearby lake, covers herself in the shroud, rolls herself downhill into the water.
Cast.
Besides his preference for non-professional actors, Bresson also liked to cast actors he had never used before. The one major exception is Jean-Claude Guilbert, who had the rôle of Arnold in "Au hasard Balthazar", and plays Arsène in this film.
Critical reviews.
"Mouchette" is considered as one of the best of Bresson's films by critics. "Sight & Sound"'s prestigious critics’ poll placed "Mouchette" in the top 20 in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="2844104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844104" title="York Civic Centre">
York Civic Centre

The York Civic Centre is a government building in Toronto, Canada. It is located at 2700 Eglinton Avenue West in the neighbourhood of Beechborough-Greenbrook. The building is used by the Toronto West Court Office and was the seat of the municipal government of the former city of York, Ontario.
York's Civic Centre does not have a public square like several other civic centres in Toronto, but is located next to Coronation Park and York Memorial Collegiate Institute. There is a time capsule present on the grounds, adjacent to the city of York's war memorial. It is intended to be opened in 2193, Toronto's quadricentennial anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="2844107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844107" title="Paul Pageau">
Paul Pageau

Paul Pageau (born October 1, 1959) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Los Angeles Kings during the 1980–81 NHL season. In that game, he gave up eight goals, the most of any goalie who played only one game.

</doc>
<doc id="2844109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844109" title="Evariste Payer">
Evariste Payer

Évariste Payer (December 12, 1887 – September 1, 1963) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played two seasons with the Montreal Canadiens in the National Hockey Association (NHA) and one game for the Canadiens in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Playing career.
Payer played for the Montreal Canadiens in the defunct National Hockey Association (NHA) from 1910–11 to 1911–12. He then played senior hockey until 1915, when he joined the army. He re-joined the Canadiens in the NHA's successor National Hockey League (NHL) in 1917–18. Payer would play only 1 game in the NHL. His death is recorded as Sept. 1, 1963 on his gravestone at Notre Dame Cemetery in Gatineau, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="2844112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844112" title="Bert Peer">
Bert Peer

Herbert John Peer (b. November 12, 1910 - d. July 19, 1992) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who played in one National Hockey League game for the Detroit Red Wings during the 1939–40 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2844118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844118" title="Roger Pelletier">
Roger Pelletier

Joseph Georges Roger Pelletier (born June 22, 1945 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in one NHL game for the Philadelphia Flyers during the 1967–68 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="2844120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844120" title="Charles Pletsch">
Charles Pletsch

Charles Henry Pletsch (December 31, 1893 – July 24, 1950) was a Canadian professional hockey player who played 1 season in the National Hockey League for the Hamilton Tigers. He was born in Chesley, Ontario.
Career statistics.
National Hockey League - Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="2844123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844123" title="Etobicoke Civic Centre">
Etobicoke Civic Centre

The Etobicoke Civic Centre in the Eatonville neighbourhood of Toronto, once housed the municipal government of the former City of Etobicoke. The building was built in 1958 to replace the single storey brick Township of Etobicoke Municipal Hall at 4946 Dundas Street (now Fox and a Fiddle). A cenotaph was constructed in 1968 in memory of those who gave their lives in World War I (1914 - 1918), World War II (1939 - 1945), and the Korean War (1950 - 1953). Adjacent to the Cenotaph, a provincial plaque commemorating Corporal Frederick George Topham, V.C., an Etobicoke war Hero was erected in 1980. 
Due to amalgamation, Etobicoke is now part of the City of Toronto, and the building no longer serves as a city hall. 
Located on The West Mall in central Etobicoke, the building is used as a meeting place for the Etobicoke community council a committee of councillors representing wards in the area to make recommendations on local matters to the full city council. The building also houses a number of local municipal departments and services. A farmers' market operates from spring to fall yearly.
The civic centre lacks any formal public space; it is surrounded by other buildings and parking lots with some trees and patches of lawns. The historic 'Applewood' Shaver House across the street is used for weddings.

</doc>
<doc id="2844134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844134" title="Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome">
Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome

Faro/Johnson Lake Water Aerodrome was located south of Faro, Yukon, Canada and was open annually from May 2 until October 20 due to ice.

</doc>
<doc id="2844135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844135" title="Wiley Aerodrome">
Wiley Aerodrome

Wiley Aerodrome formerly Eagle Plains/Wiley Aerodrome is a registered aerodrome located north of Eagle Plains, Yukon, Canada.
The aerodrome's gravel runway is actually a section of the Dempster Highway, with a pull-off ramp area provided to keep aircraft parked clear of the road surface.

</doc>
<doc id="2844136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844136" title="Dawson City Water Aerodrome">
Dawson City Water Aerodrome

Dawson City Water Aerodrome was located adjacent to Dawson City, Yukon, Canada and was open from August to September.
The airport was classified as an airport of entry by NAV CANADA and is staffed by the Canada Border Services Agency. CBSA officers at this airport could handle aircraft with no more than 30 passengers. It was one of only two water aerodromes in Canada, Dryden Water Aerodrome is the other, that is able to handle aircraft with more than 15 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="2844137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844137" title="Finlayson Lake Airport">
Finlayson Lake Airport

Finlayson Lake Airport is located adjacent to the south side of the Robert Campbell Highway near Ross River, Yukon, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2844146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844146" title="FT3">
FT3

FT3 or ft3 may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="2844152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844152" title="KOSI">
KOSI

KOSI is a commercial radio station located in Denver, Colorado, broadcasting on 101.1 FM. KOSI airs a soft adult contemporary music format branded as "KOSI 101". As of 2011, airplay extensively uses radio edit versions of songs; usually 2-3 min of length, and emphasizing the refrain. Its studios are located in the Denver Tech Center district, and the transmitter is on Lookout Mountain near Golden.
History.
KOSI-FM signed on in 1968 airing an easy listening/beautiful music format. At the time, it was paired with KOSI 1430 AM. The stations were owned by Bill Armstrong, who would later become a Republican congressman and two term U.S. Senator. Armstrong sold KOSI-FM to Westinghouse Broadcasting in 1981. KOSI-AM then became KEZW in March of that year. In 1988, Westinghouse sold KOSI and KEZW to D&D Broadcasting, Inc. for $15.5 million. By 1990 the format evolved into its current mainstream adult contemporary music format. From 2007 to 2011, KOSI aired the syndicated Delilah radio show. Delilah has since been replaced with local programming.
Christmas.
KOSI is the only radio station in the Denver area to switch its format entirely to Christmas music during the Christmas season. The change generally takes place during the week of Thanksgiving and continues until 12:00 AM on December 26, at which point the format goes back to soft adult contemporary. In 2008 the Christmas music continued until December 27.

</doc>
<doc id="2844155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844155" title="East York Civic Centre">
East York Civic Centre

The East York Civic Centre was the municipal office of the former Borough of East York, Canada, now part of Toronto as the result of municipal amalgamation. The two storey civic buildings, located on the western side of Coxwell Avenue, were completed in 1990, and are currently occupied by a number of municipal departments and services.
Since 1998, the offices are no longer in use as council chambers. The East York Community Council became the Downtown Community Council (later renamed Toronto East York Community Council) and sits at Toronto City Hall. From 2002 to 2005, the council chambers were used to hold public hearings in the Toronto Computer Leasing Inquiry. It now houses various committee offices and city services department for residents of East York. A farmer's market takes place at the Civic Centre from May to November.
A cenotaph is located on the Civic Centre's Memorial Gardens, a simple park surrounding the building. The True Davidson Chambers is named for former mayor True Davidson.

</doc>
<doc id="2844161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844161" title="Dainius Zubrus">
Dainius Zubrus

Dainius Gintas Zubrus (born June 16, 1978) is a Lithuanian professional ice hockey right winger and center currently playing for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is the first Lithuanian to have played 1000 games in the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
Early career.
In the summer of 1989, Zubrus moved to Kharkiv, Ukraine to train under Ivan Pravilov on the Druzhba-78 squad. He continued to develop his play there until the end of 1995. Like Darius Kasparaitis, Dainius trained with Aleksey Nikiforov.
Professional.
Dainius Zubrus was drafted 15th overall in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers from the Caledon Canadians of the Metro Junior A Hockey League. As of the 2006 draft, Zubrus was the highest drafted Tier II Junior "A" player since the Canadian Junior A Hockey League's 1993 inception (since surpassed by Kyle Turris at 2007 NHL Entry Draft). Prior to being traded to Caledon, Zubrus played for the Pembroke Lumber Kings of the Central Junior A Hockey League. He made his NHL debut on October 5, 1996, scoring a goal against the Florida Panthers. In his rookie season, he helped the Flyers reach the 1997 Stanley Cup Finals.
The Flyers traded him to the Montreal Canadiens on March 10, 1998 with a pair of draft picks for Mark Recchi. He registered his first career hat-trick on October 14, 2000, against the Chicago Blackhawks, and was traded by the Canadiens to the Washington Capitals along with Trevor Linden for Richard Zedník and Jan Bulis on March 13, 2001.
During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Zubrus decided to play abroad with Washington Capitals teammate Alexander Semin. He played 42 regular season games for HC Lada Togliatti, tallying 19 points on eight goals and 11 assists. He also appeared in ten playoff games while in the former Russian Superleague (RSL), scoring three goals and one assist.
Zubrus returned to the Capitals the following 2005–06 season and posted a career-high 57 points playing alongside star rookie Alexander Ovechkin. In the 2006–07 season, Zubrus continued his impressive form posting 52 points in 60 games before he was traded to the Buffalo Sabres, along with Timo Helbling, for Jiří Novotný and a first round draft pick on February 27, 2007./g
On July 3, 2007, as a free agent, Zubrus signed a six-year, $20.4 million contract with the New Jersey Devils.
On November 23, 2008, Dainius Zubrus had one of the best offensive games in Devils history. Zubrus tied a team record with four goals to help New Jersey win its season-high fourth straight game, 7–3 over the Tampa Bay Lightning.
International play.
Originally, Zubrus had suited up for the Russian national team during the World Cup of Hockey in 2004. But since then, he has played internationally for Lithuania, most notably in the 2005 World Championships. He had told the press that, "Lithuania needs me more than Russia." Because of the existence of the Soviet Union, players born during its time as a nation were able to choose to play for any of the newly formed countries after the breakup, and even considered representing Ukraine due to his training there. He now plans to represent Lithuania in all of his future international hockey appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="2844162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844162" title="1931–32 Yugoslav Football Championship">
1931–32 Yugoslav Football Championship

The 1931–32 Yugoslav Football Championship (Serbo-Croato-Slovenian: Državno prvenstvo 1931/32 / Државно првенство 1931/32) was the 10th season of Kingdom of Yugoslavia's premier football competition. 
A surprising revert to the cup system, presumably to test out how a double-match cup will work (as the previous cups have been single game eliminations).
Top scorers.
Final goalscoring position, number of goals, player/players and club.
Champions.
Concordia Zagreb (coach: Bogdan Cuvaj)

</doc>
<doc id="2844163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844163" title="Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story">
Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story

Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story is a trilogy of Sega Saturn video games set in the fictional universe of Gundam, released between 1996 to 1997. On 27 August 1997, three games were re-released into a compilation package as "Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story THE BLUE DESTINY".
The three MSGSS video games were published between September 1996 and March 1997, together forming the complete Blue Destiny story. Later, manga author Mizuho Takayama penned an adaptation of the games in "Haoh Magazine", titled "Mobile Suit Gundam Side Story THE BLUE DESTINY", but the publisher folded before the story could be completed. Though it is mostly faithful to the video games, the manga's unique elements, including new characters, are viewed as non-canon. TOKYOPOP released a translation of the manga in America, titled "Mobile Suit Gundam Blue Destiny".
Characters and Gundams from "The Blue Destiny" manga were also featured in various games from the series "SD Gundam G Generation".
On 15 October 2002, the novelized version by Yuka Minakawa was published by Kodansha.
Story.
Blue Destiny takes place in Universal Century 0079, during the latter part of the One Year War. The central characters are part of the Earth Federation's experimental corps, who test new technologies before they're mass-produced and distributed to the Federation Forces as a whole. Yu Kajima is the leader of the Marmot Team, a subdivision of the experimental corps, along with his friends Philip Hughes and Samana Ferris. During a sortie, the team encounters a blue GM attacking enemy and ally alike. When the GM comes after them, Philip and Samana are quickly defeated, and Yu only barely drives it off. Later, the team is attacked by a Zeon mobile suit that fights similarly to the blue GM. Just as things look their worst, the blue GM appears and drives the enemy off.
Back at the base, Yu is assigned to pilot the blue GM, codenamed Blue Destiny 1. He becomes highly proficient with it, despite the fact that its EXAM System has a severe impact on his mind. Later, Yu and his team participate in the Federation's drive to recapture California Base. Using Blue Destiny, Yu is able to stop the Zeons from launching a nuclear missile. However, he is soon attacked by the blue Zeon MS, piloted by Zeon ace Nimbus Schterzen. As they fight, the voice of the EXAM System reveals itself as a young Newtype girl named Marion Welch. She explains to Yu that she was originally an assistant to EXAM creator Chlust Morses, but an experiment gone wrong put her in a coma and made an imprint of her soul on the machine. As a result, the EXAM System gives any pilot who uses it surrogate Newtype powers, but most have been driven insane by Marion's attempts to contact them. Marion begs Yu to destroy EXAM and free her spirit. During their duel, Yu and Nimbus cut each other down simultaneously and destroying their EXAM Systems.
However, Yu's work is not yet done. Soon after, he meets Professor Chlust Morses himself and learns that the old man is an insane xenophobe, paranoid with the fear that Newtypes will take over. Morses justifies EXAM as a necessary step in ensuring that non-Newtypes remain dominant. As they look over the newly completed Blue Destiny 2 and 3, Zeon special forces attack, allowing Nimbus to hijack Unit 2 and kill Morses, ensuring that he won't be able to make EXAM anymore. Nimbus escapes to space, with Yu and his friends in hot pursuit using Blue Destiny 3. The group chases Nimbus to Side 5, where EXAM was first made, and a final showdown begins. Nimbus declares that he's the only one worthy of using EXAM and attempts to kill Yu. Once more, the two strike each other down in unison, but this time Nimbus is killed, while Yu drifts in space, where he is later picked up by his team. Later it is revealed that Yu was one of the Jegan pilots who assisted in pushing Axis back at the end of Char's Counterattack.

</doc>
<doc id="2844164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844164" title="William Tyler Page">
William Tyler Page

William Tyler Page (1868 – October 19, 1942), was best known for his authorship of the American's Creed. He was born at 111 Record Street, in downtown Frederick, Maryland, (in Frederick County, Maryland|Frederick County]], and was a descendant as the great great grandson of Carter Braxton, (1736-1797), member of the House of Burgesses of the Province of Virginia, and a signer representing further south across the Potomac River in Virginia of the Declaration of Independence of July 4th, 1776; and also of the tenth President John Tyler, (1790-1862), who served 1841-1845 finishing the term of William Henry Harrison who died shortly after his inauguration, (also later served in the Congress of the Confederate States). In 1881, at the age of 13, Page travelled to the National Capital, Washington D.C. to serve as a page in the U.S. Capitol, thus beginning a 61-year-long career as a national public servant.
In 1917 at age 49, Page wrote the ""American's Creed"" as a submission to a nationwide patriotic contest suggested by Henry Sterling Chapin of New York, inspired by a fervor at the beginnings of the American entry into the First World War, the goal of which was to have a concise but complete statement of American political faith. Inspired by the thoughts on his way home from his church in May 1917 of having just recited then the Apostles Creed, used in most Christian churches for two thousand years as a statement of belief, Page drew on a wide variety of historical documents and speeches, including the Declaration of Independence, the Preamble to the U.S. Constitution, President Lincoln's ""Gettysburg Address"", a speech made by U.S. Senator and orator, Daniel Webster of Massachusetts, plus text from Edward Everett Hale's patriotic short story from 1863 of a military officer condemned to exile, ""The Man Without a Country"" and various others, he crafted a simple yet profoundly moving expression of American patriotism.
His submission was chosen in March 1918 above more than 3,000 other entries. On April 3, 1918 it was accepted by the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the U.S. Commissioner of Education (then part of the U.S. Department of the Interior) on behalf of the American people (according to the ""Congressional Record"", No. 102, April 13, 1918). A prize of $1,000 was also awarded by Mayor James H. Preston on behalf of the City of Baltimore in Maryland, the birthplace of the National Anthem, which Mr. Page used to purchase Liberty Bonds for the war effort and donated them to his church. Today it also often comprises part of the Naturalization Ceremony when swearing-in new American citizens, along with other patriotic symbols such as the ""Pledge of Allegiance"" to the American flag, and the singing of various songs and anthems. 
In addition, to remember Page, there is a William Tyler Page Elementary School named for him in the Montgomery County Public Schools of Montgomery County in Silver Spring, Maryland, just north across the border of the District of Columbia from Washington.
Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives.
In 1919, the year after the World War ended on Armistice Day, November 11, 1918, Page was elected Clerk of the House of Representatives, at the seating of the 66th United States Congress until the 71st Congress ended in 1931, while the majority in power during the 1920's was the Republican Party. and later as "Emeritus Minority Clerk", a post he maintained for the remainder of his life. He was highly respected by members of both major parties throughout his service, as a principled gentleman whose patriotism was inspirational and whose love of America was unquestioned.
Page died eleven years later, during the first year of America's involvement in World War II on October 19, 1942, after serving his country his entire adult life, humbly but always proudly. The House of Representatives adjourned the following day in his honor.
For many years, Page had also served as the President General of the United States Flag Association. The night before his death, he gave an address to the womens heritage association, the Daughters of the American Revolution on the Golden (50th) Anniversary of the writing of the ""Pledge of Allegiance"" to the American Flag, (1892). The last picture taken of him shows him with his hand over his heart, gazing at the symbol of the country he loved.
American's Creed.
The ""American's Creed"" is as follows:
"I believe in the United States of America as a government of the people, by the people, for the people; whose just powers are derived from the consent of the governed; a democracy in a republic; a sovereign Nation of many sovereign States; a perfect union, one and inseparable; established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice, and humanity for which American patriots sacrificed their lives and fortunes. 
"I therefore believe it is my duty to my country to love it, to support its Constitution, to obey its laws, to respect its flag, and to defend it against all enemies."
Concerning the Creed, William Tyler Page once said:
"The American's Creed is a summing up, in one hundred words, of the basic principles of American political faith. It is not an expression of individual opinion upon the obligations and duties of American citizenship or with respect to its rights and privileges. It is a summary of the fundamental principles of American political faith as set forth in its greatest documents, its worthiest traditions and by its greatest leaders."

</doc>
<doc id="2844173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844173" title="Chris Pusey">
Chris Pusey

Chris Pusey (born June 30, 1965 in Brantford, Ontario) was an NHL one game goaltender. He is notable, for returning after retiring from professional ice hockey, with the Dundas Real McCoys, an OHA senior team, and the club made the final four in the Allan Cup tournament. Chris, however, was playing not as a goaltender, but as a defenceman. As a child, Chris was known to friends and family as "Gigger".
Chris was called up the Red Wings in October 1985, after starter Eddie Mio went down with a knee injury. He made his only NHL appearance on October 19, 1985, against Chicago. Starter Corrado Micalef allowed three goals in the first period. Pusey entered the game, and Detroit pulled to within one goal after two periods; however, three Chicago goals in the third (including the first NHL goal by defenceman Marc Bergevin) would end the Red Wing comeback bid.

</doc>
<doc id="2844181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844181" title="Canadian federal election results in Midwestern Ontario">
Canadian federal election results in Midwestern Ontario

__NOEDITSECTION__
This is page shows results of Canadian federal elections in Midwestern Ontario, which is roughly from Woodstock to Milton, and from Lake Erie to Goderich.
Regional profile.
Midwestern Ontario is primarily a conservative area. Vote splitting allowed the Liberals to win all of the seats here from 1993 to 2000 in their Ontario sweeps, although one seat was lost to the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (now replaced by the Conservative Party) in a 2003 by-election. The Conservatives picked up four more seats in the 2004 election, another in the 2006 election, and four more in 2008, leaving Guelph as the only Liberal riding in both 2008 and 2011. The Conservatives are weaker in the cities, namely Brantford, Guelph, and the Kitchener-Waterloo area, where there are prominent universities (University of Waterloo, University of Guelph, Wilfred Laurier University) and large student populations.

</doc>
<doc id="2844185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844185" title="Towers (Boston University)">
Towers (Boston University)

It appeared in 21 (2008 film) as the dormitory which housed MIT student Ben Campbell (Jim Sturgess).

</doc>
<doc id="2844193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844193" title="Brent Symonette">
Brent Symonette

Symonette was appointed to the Senate in 1987 by the late Sir Cecil Wallace Whitfield and reappointed to the Senate in 1992 by Prime Minister Hubert Ingraham. Symonette is one of a handful of current white Members of Parliament.
Following the FNM victory in the May 2007 general election, Symonette was sworn in as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs in Ingraham's government on May 4.
In the past, Symonette has served as Attorney General, Minister of Tourism and Chairman of the Airport Authority. As Chairman of the Hotel Corporation of the Bahamas, Symonette was instrumental in negotiations that resulted in bringing the Atlantis Hotel and affiliated resort properties to the Bahamas. 
Symonette is the youngest son of Sir Roland Symonette (1898-1980), the first Premier of the Bahamas and Lady Margaret Symonette née Frances. Symonette is also the half brother of Bobby Symonette, former Speaker of the House of Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="2844204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844204" title="The Plumbline">
The Plumbline

The Plumblineis a humor publication of the [http://mes.mcmaster.ca McMaster Engineering Society (MES) of McMaster University. Popular among the students of McMaster Engineering, "The Plumbline" is famous for publishing everything from obscene sexual innuendos to informative articles. "The Plumbline" was started by a group of Engineering students in 1967, developed from a single sheet MES news letter. In 1971, the editors decided to turn the newsletter into an 8 page tabloid format newspaper. 
By the early 1990s, it was clear that student and administration acceptance of sexist and xenophobic content was reduced. In this climate, "The Plumbline" reformatted, dropping the drooping penis from its masthead, developing the satirical and parody genres of humor and abandoning misogyny as fodder for comedy.
In October 2012, "The Plumbline" converted to a digital format, due to declining readerships and large print costs[http://macengsociety.ca/media/minutes/2012/Term%201/Sept_19.pdf]. 
Some in the McMaster Engineering community feel that the Plumbline is unfairly targeted by the remainder of the campus for its controversial content and potentially offensive subject matter, and that it is subjected to a harsher, more restrictive standard than other on-campus events (such as the misogynistic lyrics of Choclair who performed on campus) and publications organized by other groups (like the campus wide newspaper The Silhouette). 
Although "The Plumbline" is a publication of the MES, the material contained within it is not in any way affiliated with McMaster University, and does not express views or opinions shared by all, if any, students at the University. 
Origins.
Larry Ireland was the first Editor-in-Chief of The Plumbline (section), which got its name in an MES contest in the spring of 1967. Previously the MES newsletter was a one page bi-monthly publication, which became the first Plumbline issue in April 1967 (volume 4 Nos 1 to 12). 
With help of Dean Hodgins office staff, the Plumbline put out a 4 page bi-weekly paper, which started with circulation of roughly 400 copies but grew to more than a thousand (total enrolment in all years & grads of Engineering = less than 700). The Plumbline became the most widely read newsletter on campus, especially in the women's residences. Limited by the technology of the day, the first issues used mimeograph and gestner printing.
Content.
The Plumbline also contains featured articles, usually pertaining to current events around McMaster and Engineering, as well as pictures and clips submitted by readers. The Plumbline is heavily dependent on reader-submitted content.
Controversy.
In late 2005, publication of The Plumbline was temporarily suspended because of allegations from the McMaster Coalition for Equitable Social Change that the paper promoted hate-speech and sexist attitudes. The Coalition saw the newspaper as a key element in a larger problem of intolerance within the faculty of Engineering. They argued that this is evident in many of the faculty's traditions and "welcome" practices for first year students. According to them, the newspaper legitimized this culture of intolerance. On the other hand, advocates of The Plumbline argued that the depictions were wholly satirical in nature and protected under free speech. Some argue that the opposition was a form of moral panic in response to the rape of a McMaster student within the Engineering faculty and the efforts to minimize the rape and subsequent conviction of Engineering student for the crime.
After a brief period of debates and arguments including review by the Executive of the McMaster Engineering Society, the Dean of Engineering, and the Human Rights Office, The Plumbline returned to shelves. There were a number of changes suggested to the content and a series of sensitivity training sessions took effect. Currently both online and hard-copy versions of the newspaper are available.

</doc>
<doc id="2844212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844212" title="USS Bagley (DD-386)">
USS Bagley (DD-386)

USS "Bagley" (DD-386), a , was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Ensign Worth Bagley, officer during the Spanish-American War, distinguished as the only U.S. naval officer killed in action during that war.
"Bagley" (DD-386) was laid down on 31 July 1935 at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Portsmouth, Virginia; launched on 3 September 1936; sponsored by Miss Bella Worth Bagley, sister of Ensign Bagley; and commissioned on 12 June 1937, Lieutenant Commander Earl W. Morris in command.
Service history.
Inter-War Period.
"Bagley" worked extensively in the Atlantic before being sent to Pearl Harbor in 1940. She rotated occasionally between there and the Californian coast. By December 1941, "Bagley" was operating locally out of Pearl Harbor. Frequent exercises with DesDiv 7 were interspersed with carrier task force evolutions centered around and . The pace of these operations intensified as American economic sanctions, instituted in response to Japanese actions in China and French Indochina, provoked Japanese protests. On 3 December during an antiaircraft practice at sea with DesDiv 8, "Bagley"s starboard side bilge keel tore loose. The destroyer slowed to and changed course for Oahu, mooring at the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard the following morning. On 6 December, the warship shifted berths starboard side to berth B-22 in Southeast Loch. By this time, "Bagley" had gone cold iron, receiving electricity, steam, and fresh water from the dock.
Pearl Harbor.
At 0755 on 7 December, shortly before morning colors, Japanese aircraft from six fleet carriers struck the Pacific Fleet as it lay in port at Pearl Harbor. Onboard "Bagley", Radio Seaman Recruit Robert P. Coles exited the port side mess decks and saw the Japanese planes attacking Hickman Field. Realizing it was not fleet maneuvers he broke open the 50 caliber forward port ready service locker and opened fire and hit the first two Torpedo Bombers attacking Battleship Row. He was relieved by Chief Gunners Mate Skinner who, as noted in official records, fired at the third plane to attack.
the crew first saw dive bombers in action over nearby Hickam Field and then witnessed a Nakajima B5N "Kate" torpedo planes pass down Southeast Loch and torpedo moored off Ford Island. The destroyer immediately went to general quarters, firing her .50-caliber machine guns at the torpedo-carrying Nakajimas passing down the port side to attack the American battleships. Shortly after 0800, a second "Kate"'s torpedo exploded in the bank about thirty feet ahead of "Bagley".
During the second phase of the attack, which began about 0840, "Bagley"s crew fired on Aichi D3A "Val" dive bombers attacking Ford Island and the navy yard dry docks. Her gunners claimed to have splashed at least six aircraft that morning; but, given the intensity of antiaircraft fire from all ships, her "kills" cannot be conclusively proven. At 0940, the warship headed for the channel and the open sea, leaving her commanding officer, executive officer, and gunnery officer ashore. "Bagley", under the temporary command of Lieutenant Philip W. Cann, paused only long enough to pick up the skipper of destroyer , who was subsequently transferred to his own ship at sea.
World War II.
1942.
"Bagley" covered the arrival of TF 14 at Pearl Harbor four days after Christmas. The next day, the destroyer sailed with to patrol west of Oahu, covering the islands while two carrier groups escorted reinforcements to Samoa. On 11 January 1942, however, a single torpedo from hit and damaged the aircraft carrier. "Bagley" returned to Pearl Harbor with the injured "Saratoga" and, taking advantage of the opportunity, underwent a restricted availability at the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard between 23 January and 3 February, adding four 20-millimeter machine guns to her antiaircraft battery.
Departing Oahu on the last day of January, "Bagley" joined TF 11, comprising "Lexington", four cruisers and nine destroyers, to cover transports delivering reinforcements to Christmas Island, Canton Island in the Phoenix Islands, and New Caledonia. Worried about Japanese intentions in the Fiji-New Caledonia area, TF 11 joined the ANZAC cruiser force, , , HMNZS "Leander" with and two destroyers, on 16 February. Shortly thereafter, the task force turned to the northwest and headed for Bougainville in the Solomon Islands.
On 20 February, at 1707, the destroyer opened fire on a second wave of nine bombers with her 20-millimeter battery, joining the barrage of antiaircraft fire around "Lexington". Minutes after that, one bomber attempted to crash Bagley's stern, but fire from helped splash the "Betty" some distant on the starboard quarter.
Upkeep and repair, punctuated by a dry dock period, kept the destroyer's crew busy for the next month. "Bagley" took departure from Pearl Harbor on 30 April, carrying mail and passengers to Palmyra Island, Christmas Island, and the Society Islands. Off Bora Bora on 9 May, she rendezvoused with and escorted her to the Fiji Islands, arriving at Nukualofa Bay, Tongatapu, on 15 May. The destroyer then spent a week patrolling outside the harbor, protecting departing convoys from enemy submarines, before continuing on alone to Brisbane, Australia, arriving there on 30 May.
Assigned to the Southwest Pacific Force (TF 44), "Bagley" protected convoys in the approaches to Australia, searched for submarine contacts during two patrol sweeps with , and conducted night battle practice and other exercises with the cruisers of TF 44 through mid-July. On the 17th, she departed Brisbane for New Zealand, arriving in Auckland on 20 July. There, she joined TF 62 and began preparations for Operation Watchtower, the invasion of Guadalcanal.
"Bagley" steamed to the Fiji Islands, in company with cruisers "Chicago", , "Australia", , , eight other destroyers, and 12 transports. Joined by other convoy elements on the 26th, including three more cargo ships, "Bagley" guarded the transports as they conducted rehearsal landings at Koro Island. The task force then proceeded to the Solomon Islands, arriving in the transport area off Lunga Point, Guadalcanal, on 7 August.
Assigned to "Southern Force", one of three picket patrols, "Bagley" and "Patterson" accompanied "Australia", "Canberra", and "Chicago" in protecting the transports south of Tulagi.
"Australia", with Rear Admiral Victor Alexander Charles Crutchley, RN, on board, left formation for a command conference at Lunga Roads at 2130. Just over two hours later, with visibility low owing to overcast sky and rain showers, unidentified ships loomed into view about distant on the port bow. These were seven Japanese cruisers and a destroyer under Rear Admiral Gunichi Mikawa sent from Rabaul to attack the American transports. At that moment, 0144 according to "Bagley"s log, float planes from the Japanese cruisers dropped flares that lit up the American warships.
"Bagley" turned sharply to the left to bring the starboard torpedo tubes to bear on the Japanese warships looming out of the darkness but, either due to the torpedoes not being armed in time or because the ship turned too quickly for the torpedo tubes to be aimed properly, she continued her turn and fired four torpedoes to the northwest from number two port mount. Although the torpedomen claimed hits a few minutes later, no Japanese ships were damaged by torpedoes in that area. It is possible, but unconfirmed, that one or two of "Bagley's" torpedoes may have hit "Canberra" on her starboard side. "Bagley" then turned left again and her gunners scanned the passage between Guadalcanal and Savo Island; but, as the Japanese cruiser force had already passed by to the north, they saw no enemy ships. She then steamed to the northwest, toward the designated destroyer rendezvous point, and at about 0300 came across the heavily damaged and burning . That warship, along with and , had been mortally wounded in the short, but violent, Battle of Savo Island before the Japanese force retired to Rabaul.
"Bagley" came alongside "Astoria" and rescued about 400 survivors—including 185 wounded—from the stricken warship, out of the water or from nearby rafts. With daylight, "Bagley" delivered a salvage party of 325 men to "Astoria" to fight fires, plug holes and raise steam. The effort ultimately failed, and the cruiser sank that afternoon. Meanwhile, "Bagley's" medical officer and pharmacist's mates treated shell-fragment lacerations and second-degree burns before the wounded were transferred to that afternoon. "Bagley" then withdrew to Nouméa with TF 62, mooring there on 13 August.
1943.
On 15 March 1943, "Bagley" executed orders reassigning her to TF 74 as the newly created 7th Fleet readied itself for offensive operations in New Guinea. Underway from Townsville on 27 June, "Bagley", in company with "Henley" and SC-749, escorted six LSTs carrying 2,600 Army troops and airfield equipment to Woodlark Island. While the destroyers patrolled south of the island, the landing proceeded without Japanese interference on the night of 30 June and 1 July. "Bagley" escorted three more echelons of LSTs from Townsville to Woodlark between 9 July and 7 August; all arrived safely, and the fighter airstrip became operational on 23 July. The destroyer then escorted between Milne Bay, Cairns, and Brisbane, arriving at the last port on 15 August.
"Bagley" steamed back to New Guinea late in the month, delivering a convoy to Milne Bay on 1 October. She quickly returned to Townsville to pick up another convoy, escorting it safely into Milne Bay on the 8th. Sailing again to Australia, this time to Brisbane, the destroyer shepherded a third convoy from Townsville to Milne Bay between 25 and 29 October. After moving to Buna on 8 November, "Bagley" helped escort a convoy of three LSTs to Finschhafen, delivering supplies to the Australian 20th Brigade on the 11th. Over the next four weeks, the destroyer escorted six more reinforcement convoys out of Buna; three to Finschhafen, one to Lae, one to Woodlark Island, and the last to Cape Cretin on 12 December.
After steaming to Buna on 23 December, "Bagley" joined the seven LSTs of TU 76.1.41, carrying the 7th echelon of 1st Marine Division's engineers, artillery, and stores for the Cape Gloucester operation. The crew watched the heavy cruisers bombard the beach at 0600 on 26 December, and then "Bagley" screened the LSTs as they landed troops and equipment. That afternoon, around 1430, a large Japanese air raid attacked the task force, sinking and damaging . Later that evening, "Bagley's" crew saw friendly fighters splash three "Betty" bombers over the beachhead. Returning to Buna on 28 December, "Bagley" then helped leapfrog elements of the 32nd Infantry Division to Saidor, New Guinea, bypassing a strong Japanese garrison at Sio. The third echelon convoy landed troops and equipment without incident on 2 January 1944.
1944.
Ordered "to act as stand-by escort for supply echelons", the destroyer delivered a convoy of LSTs to Saidor on 5 February and the next day, in company with and two LSTs, steamed for Cape Gloucester. She departed the region on 10 February, steaming east for the west coast of the United States.
Arriving in San Francisco on 27 February, after stops at Florida Island, Guadalcanal, Palmyra, and Pearl Harbor, Bagley entered the Mare Island Navy Yard for a major overhaul on the 28th. Over the next eight weeks, she added two more 20 mm guns (for a total of six) and an improved fire control radar while a twin 40 mm gun tub was placed forward of the two after guns.
Underway for Hawaii on 5 May, Bagley began training at sea for Operation "Forager", the planned invasion of the Marianas. Arriving at Pearl Harbor on the 10th, the destroyer conducted screen, antiaircraft, and shore bombardment drills before sailing for the Marshall Islands on 29 May. Anchoring in Majuro Atoll on 3 June, Bagley joined one of the four fast carrier task groups, putting out to sea with and TG 58.2 on the 8th.
Saipan.
The destroyer then moved to the transport area on 15 June, screening the initial landings on Saipan before returning to the bombardment group on the 17th. From that screening position "Bagley" participated in the Battle of the Philippine Sea. Although primarily an air battle—later dubbed "The Great Marianas Turkey Shoot"—in which most of the several hundred Japanese plane casualties were lost to American fighters, several small groups of Japanese aircraft broke through the CAP. These were mostly driven off by intense antiaircraft fire from the battleships and destroyers. "Bagley" fired on three planes that day, lobbing 24 5 inch shells at a "Val" and a "Kate" at a range of astern and another 147 20 mm and 40 mm shells at a Zero that passed distant to starboard. In the following days, the destroyer continued to screen the battleships as they vainly chased the retreating Japanese.
On 25 June, the destroyer returned to the Marianas for two weeks of call-fire assignments in support of Marine Corps operations. Under the direction of fire control units ashore, "Bagley" fired over 700 5 inch rounds of high-explosive, white phosphorus, and starshell into the final pocket of Japanese resistance at the north end of Saipan. On 6 July, after receiving more ammunition from , she closed shore and fired on "caves and crevasses near waters edge on Saipan", expending 537 5-inch and over 1,000 rounds of 20-millimeter and 40 mm shells.
"Bagley" screened "Enterprise" during the strikes on Okinawa and the smaller Ryukyus on 10 September. This was followed by a raid on Aparri in the Philippines on the 11th before the large-scale effort to destroy Japanese air power on Formosa began on 12th.
Leyte Gulf.
"Bagley"s only part in the Battle for Leyte Gulf was to join the ad hoc cruiser-destroyer group dispatched in futile pursuit of the retreating flattops, mere decoys with only half their air component on board. With the Battle for Leyte Gulf over on 25 October, and the surviving Japanese naval forces in retreat, "Bagley" rejoined the carriers as they stood by to support ground operations on Leyte. In order to destroy Japanese aircraft staging into the central Philippines, TG 38.4 launched attacks on Luzon from its patrol area east of Leyte Gulf on 30 October.
Arriving at Ulthui 2 November, "Bagley" received four days of overhaul from tender "Markab" (AD-21). The destroyer then sailed on the 10th with TU 77.4.1, built around and , to provide air support for Leyte ground operations. Retiring to Seeadler Harbor on the 27th, the destroyer spent the next month training, or receiving repairs from , all in preparation for Operation Musketeer, the landings on Luzon, Philippine Islands. On 27 December, the destroyer got underway for the Palaus, arriving there on the 30th.
1945.
The 12 escort carriers of TG 77.2 and 77.4, and their screen of 19 destroyers, including "Bagley", sortied from Kossol Roads on 1 January 1945. The group entered Leyte Gulf on the 3rd and steamed on to the Mindanao Sea, heading for Lingayen Gulf to provide air support for amphibious operations. Late in the afternoon of the 4th, after a day of false alarms and "snooper" alerts, a single twin-engine Japanese "kamikaze" crashed into , setting off explosions and fires which destroyed that escort carrier.
The next day, after the force entered the South China Sea, four Japanese kamikaze raids attacked the American warships. Although the first two waves were driven off by CAP, "Bagley"s crew saw suicide planes from the third attack crash , , "Australia", and , damaging the latter badly enough to force her retirement to Leyte. "Bagley" screened the escort carriers between 6 January, when they began flying ground-attack missions over the Lingayen beaches, and 13 January when the next "kamikaze" plane attacked the group. Just after 0900, an undetected plane surprised and crashed into , causing extensive damage. Several more closed the formation at 0908, and one Nakajima Ki-43 "Oscar" made a run toward "Bagley". All guns that could bear opened fire at , and the plane splashed about out on the port beam. The next four days passed without any Japanese attacks, and the task group retired to Ulithi, arriving there on the 23rd. With Philippine operations well underway, "Bagley" was assigned to the next major amphibious operation, the landings planned for Iwo Jima in February.
On 21 February, after a mere six days to conduct repairs and replenish, the warship embarked upon the last major amphibious operation of the war, the invasion of Okinawa. In company with the escort carriers of TG 52.1, "Bagley" arrived off Okinawa Jima on 25 March. The destroyer screened during ground attack and support operations into April without incident. Over the next several weeks, numerous small Japanese air raids appeared on her radar screen, but only one closed the formation, an ineffective attack by a lone plane on the 12th. On 28 April, while the escort carriers launched raids on Sakishima Gunto, the crew spotted an Ohka "kamikaze" pass harmlessly overhead at .
On 24 May, after "Bagley" "blew out" her number one main generator, she turned toward the Philippines. Arriving in Leyte Gulf on the 27th after 102 days underway at sea, the destroyer went alongside for repairs.
The warship's last combat operation began on 15 June when the destroyer departed Leyte for Kerama Retto. She rendezvoused with the six escort carriers of TG 32.1 on the 18th and supported them during a series of air strikes on Okinawa. A week later, however, "Bagley"s main battery director failed, and she once again retired to Leyte for repairs. After mooring there on 27 June, she went alongside "Yosemite" for three days of availability. As the tender was unable to repair the director, the warship steamed to Saipan on 5 July and thence on to Guam, arriving in Apra harbor on the 6th.
With a new director installed by 14 July, "Bagley" sailed to Saipan on the 15th. Departing the Marianas on 6 August, the warship escorted a convoy of merchant ships to Okinawa on 12 August. Three days later, her crew heard of the Japanese capitulation while shepherding a return convoy back to Saipan. Following 10 days of rest and recreation, "Bagley" embarked Rear Admiral Francis E. M. Whiting and staff for transport to Marcus Island. She arrived there on 31 August, and Japanese Rear Admiral M. Matsubara surrendered the island and its garrison to Rear Admiral Whiting on board "Bagley".
Returning to Saipan on 2 September, the destroyer then reported to the Commander, 5th Fleet, for extended duty. After a brief stop at Buckner Bay, Okinawa, the destroyer sailed for Japan, arriving in Sasebo on 20 September. "Bagley" spent the next five weeks operating as a minefield marker ship, assisting minesweeping efforts, and providing courier services between Sasebo, Nagasaki, and Wakayama. Several officers also inspected various Japanese naval vessels in port to determine compliance with Allied surrender terms.
Fate.
The destroyer departed Sasebo on 29 October for the United States and, steaming via Pearl Harbor, arrived in San Diego on 19 November. Originally marked for use in experimental testing, probably the two-detonation series of atomic tests held in the summer of 1946 at Bikini Atoll (see Operation Crossroads) in the central Pacific, "Bagley" steamed to Pearl Harbor in late April 1946. The destroyer did not participate in the atomic tests, however, but instead reported for inactivation at Pearl Harbor on 2 May. Decommissioned there on 13 June 1946, she was towed to San Diego for scrap sale. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 25 February 1947, and she was sold to the Moore Dry Dock Company, Oakland, California, on 8 September 1947.
Awards.
"Bagley" earned 12 battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2844220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844220" title="Wilmington Friends School">
Wilmington Friends School

Wilmington Friends School is a preschool-12th grade, Quaker school, in Wilmington, DE. At Friends, global education encompasses signature international programs (International Baccalaureate, inter-divisional Chinese, School Year Abroad) and an overall approach that teaches students to engage complex issues intellectually and in action, in and outside of the classroom, with a sense of confidence and responsibility. The school was founded in 1748 by members of the Wilmington Monthly Meeting of Friends (Quakers).
Wilmington Friends School originally aimed to provide education for children belonging to the Society of Friends and to poor children, whatever their race, religion, or family's financial circumstance. Delaware historian Benjamin Ferris wrote in the 19th century "Thousands of children have there received the first rudiments of an English education."
As Delaware started offering public education, the School moved toward its current all college-preparatory program. In 1937, the Friends School moved from its original site to its current location in Alapocas, just outside the city.
Wilmington Friends School is accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools, and is authorized by the International Baccalaureate Organization and School Year Abroad. Friends integrates global perspective throughout its curriculum, and emphasizes athletics, the arts, and service as integral to the program of studies.
Notable alumni include James A. Bayard, Louis McLane, and Caesar A. Rodney.

</doc>
<doc id="2844227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844227" title="Corn-fed">
Corn-fed

"Corn-fed" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2844230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844230" title="Lake Zurich High School (Lake Zurich, Illinois)">
Lake Zurich High School (Lake Zurich, Illinois)

Lake Zurich High School, or LZHS, is a public four-year high school located in Lake Zurich, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, in the United States. It is part of Community Unit School District 95, which is home to five elementary schools and two middle schools, primarily taking students from Lake Zurich Middle School North and Lake Zurich Middle School South, but it also can take students from parochial schools such St. Francis de Sales and St. Matthew as well.
History.
Lake Zurich High school first opened its doors to students in 1926 as Ela-Vernon High School, serving Ela and Vernon Townships in Lake County, Illinois. In 1964, area residents built a second high school which was to be called Ela-Vernon East. A series of disagreements between Vernon Township residents and Ela Township residents led to the split of the school district and Stevenson High School opened in nearby Lincolnshire drawing students from the eastern half of Ela Township and all of Vernon Township. As a result of the split, a rivalry existed between the schools, and each fall the football teams competed for what was known as "The Cannon". The Cannon was a miniature steel replica of the real thing, and fired a blank shotgun shell when teams entered the field, and or scored a touchdown. The Cannon was retired in 1982, after Stevenson and Lake Zurich discontinued their football rivalry, as a result of a differing enrollment and different athletic conference affiliations. Lake Zurich won the last game involving the cannon in 1982. Students from Lake Zurich, Hawthorn Woods, portions of Kildeer, Deer Park, North Barrington and unincorporated areas such as Forest Lake and Echo Lake attend Lake Zurich High School.
Student Life.
Athletics.
Lake Zurich competes in the North Suburban Conference and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The school's teams are stylized Bears.
The school has won two IHSA state championships, one in football (2007–08) and the other in cheerleading (2010–11). The school has also won the Illinois State Lacrosse Cup (2012-13)
In 2006, the school installed artificial turf for its stadium. And in the summer of 2014 the turf was re-done.
Activities.
The Lake Zurich High School's (LZHS) Drama Department performance of "Urinetown" was selected by USA Weekend Magazine as a state winner (Illinois) for "Best High School Musicals in America". The cast and crew performed the play twice Jan 5–6, 2007 at the University of Illinois during the Illinois High School Theatre Festival. Other shows performed by Lake Zurich at the Festival include "The Wedding Singer" in 2009, "The Diviners" in 2005.
LZHS also has band, orchestra, and choir programs. Students participating in the 2013 IHSA Solo/Ensemble Contest earned 2nd place overall in class AA, with 675 points.

</doc>
<doc id="2844233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844233" title="Tracer gun">
Tracer gun

A tracer gun, sometimes known as a disc gun, is a kind of toy gun made of durable plastic. The toy shoots lightweight plastic discs roughly the size of a penny. The discs used as ammunition for these guns are often sold with the label "Jet Discs." The firing mechanism is a spring, The magazine holds 20 "discs." Range is about 10 feet, and even then, accuracy is far from dependable. The trigger requires some force. The firing sound is loud, low, and distinctive. Oftentimes the trigger will become loose and will take multiple attempts to shoot.
Early models.
The gun was manufactured starting in the 1960s, at which time it was called the "Rapid-Fire Tracer Gun". It was available in greenish bronze or bluish silver. Many of these older guns were made by Ray Plastics Inc. in the United States under the brand name "Rayline". A rifle version of the tracer gun was also made, called the "Jet Disc Tracer-Scope". There was even a collectible "Star Trek" version, called the "Star Trek Tracer Gun" and "Star Trek Tracer-Scope", first made in 1966 and one of the earliest "Star Trek" licensed products. All versions, including the rifle, held 20 jet discs in an integrated spring-driven magazine.
The toy, including the "Star Trek" version, was sold in Canada under the "Grand Toys" brand.
Use in the game Assassin.
Tracer guns have often been used to play a game popular at high schools and colleges known as "Killer," "Killer Tag" or "Killer Assassination" that involves trying to "assassinate" the other players with toy weaponry. Tracer guns suit this kind of game well because they are cheap and easily obtainable, and their bright colors and low firing power (often, a target does not even know a shot has hit) help to address safety issues.

</doc>
<doc id="2844235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844235" title="KKFN">
KKFN

KKFN (104.3 FM, "104.3 The Fan") is a sports radio station serving the Denver-Boulder area. The Lincoln Financial Media outlet broadcasts with an effective radiated power of 91 kW and is licensed to Longmont, Colorado. Its studios are located in Greenwood Village, and the transmitter is in Lakewood on Green Mountain.
104.3 history.
The frequency was home to KLMO-FM. In 1988, the station was sold to another local owner and the calls were switched to KQKS and adopted the moniker "KS104". KQKS was home to 104.3 until January 1997, when Jefferson-Pilot (now part of Lincoln Financial Group) moved the calls and Rhythmic Top 40 format to 107.5. After the move, on January 19, J-P placed a classic country format on the signal. But by 2000, they would move that format over to the AM band so they can fill the smooth jazz void that was left open by KHIH after the latter flipped to Top 40 that year. The station adopted the call letters KJCD shortly after the move.
In June 2007, Lincoln announced that would put its television and radio stations up for sale. KJCD, along with its sister stations in Denver, is among the properties being shopped around by Lincoln.
On March 6, 2008, KJCD changed their format to sports, simulcasting KKFN 950 AM. KJCD changed their call letters to KKFN-FM on March 12, 2008, and again to KKFN on March 1, 2009.
Programming.
KKFN is an affiliate of Fox Sports Radio and broadcasts "The Ben Maller Show" from midnight-4:00 am, and the first hour of "Fox Sports Daybreak" from 4:00-5:00 am. KKFN features mostly live and local programming on the weekdays; the lineup consists of "The Fan Morning Show" (Mike Evans, Nate Lundy and Vic Lombardi) from 5:30-9:00 am, the nationally syndicated (tape delayed, not local) "The Dan Patrick Show" (Dan Patrick) from 9:00 am-noon, "The Drew, Sandy and Scott Show" (Drew Goodman, Sandy Clough and Scott Hastings) from noon-3:00 pm, "The Drive" (Alfred Williams and Darren "D-Mac" McKee) from 3:00-6:00 pm, and "The Fan Late Night" (Ryan Edwards and Shawn Drotar) from 9:00 pm-midnight.
KKFN also carries play-by-play for most of the major sports leagues. Locally, they carry the NBA's Denver Nuggets, the NHL's Colorado Avalanche and NCAA football's Air Force Falcons. KKFN also carries much of Dial Global's sports coverage. This includes NFL football, consisting of a Sunday afternoon doubleheader, Sunday Night Football, Monday Night Football, Thursday and Saturday Night Football, Thanksgiving Day games, all playoff games, the Super Bowl, and the Pro Bowl. It also includes NCAA football, including Conference Championships and some bowl games and NCAA basketball, including the NCAA Tournament. 
Weekend programming, when not carrying various play-by-play, is filled with local programming during the day. Then evenings and overnights are handled by Fox Sports Radio.
KKFN also has a sister sports station in the Denver metro area. This station is KEPN AM 1600.

</doc>
<doc id="2844239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844239" title="Canadian federal election results in Hamilton, Burlington and Niagara">
Canadian federal election results in Hamilton, Burlington and Niagara

__NOEDITSECTION__
This is page shows results of Canadian federal elections in Burlington and the regions of Hamilton and Niagara.
Regional profile.
This is arguably the most competitive region in Ontario and one of the most competitive in all of Canada, as all three major parties have significant strength. Traditionally a conservative area outside Hamilton, it went for the Liberals in their sweeps of Ontario from 1993 to 2000, with the populatity of local left-leaning Liberal Sheila Copps and the prominence of her parents (Victor and Geraldine) at the municipal level in Hamilton being major factors. Much of this changed in 2004, the year that happened to coincide with Sheila Copps' departure from federal politics. In Hamilton proper, the New Democratic Party managed to pick up one seat from the Liberals in 2004 and picked up two more in 2006 to sweep urban Hamilton. The Conservatives picked up two seats from the Liberals in 2004 and four more in 2006, leaving the Liberals with only Welland. The Liberals have support throughout the region, but no real stronghold of support, which means there are no real safe seats here. Several ridings are competitive 3-way districts.

</doc>
<doc id="2844248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844248" title="The Z Was Zapped">
The Z Was Zapped

The Z Was Zapped (ISBN 0-395-44612-0) is a picture book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg originally published in 1987 by Houghton Mifflin. The book tells the story "in 26 acts," each showing how each letter in the alphabet caught some bad luck. The artwork has a stark look by using black and white pencil drawings. Each destruction of the letters take place on a proscenium theater stage.
Examples: 

</doc>
<doc id="2844249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844249" title="Britannia, Ottawa">
Britannia, Ottawa

Britannia (also known as Britannia Bay or Britannia Village) is a group of neighbourhoods in Bay Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Canada. It is located on the Ottawa River across from Aylmer, Quebec, adjacent to its namesake, Britannia Bay, north of Carling Avenue and west of the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway. The area constituted a municipal ward from 1973 to 1994 (Britannia Ward). 
The area has a mix of low and high income housing. The lower income areas of the area are closer to Richmond Road in the south, and the more affluent areas are located in the community of Britannia Village in the north, which includes the Britannia Yacht Club at the north end of Britannia Road. The total population of the area was 8,355 as of the 2011 census. 
Many of Britannia's old cottages live on as bungalows. Surrounded by water, forest, and hills.
The Ottawa River Pathway is a very long segment of Capital Pathway along the south bank of almost the entire length Ottawa's portion of the Ottawa River. A bike path extends from Britannia some 12 kilometers to the Parliament buildings downtown. Today, there is probably no neighbourhood in Ottawa more mixed than Britannia forming a contrast with many of the homogenized satellite communities that have become Ottawa.
History.
This land where Britannia stands was once a part of a large estate, owned by Captain John LeBreton in 1818. John LeBreton advertised the sale of real estate in the village area in 1828. LCol Joseph Bouchette referred to Lac Deschênes as Chaudiere Lake in 1832. Around 1876, an apple orchard near the head of the rapids was undermined and washed away during a big flood.
The Britannia Methodist Church formed in 1873 and is celebrating its 140th anniversary in 2013. The Church grew out of services held in the home of Ira Honeywell, the first settler in Nepean Township. Members had been meeting in homes since 1869. In 1911, the Neogothic Britannia Heights Methodist Church was erected at Carling & Richmond. Renamed the Britannia United Church in 1920 after the amalgamation of the United Church of Canada. After her congregation moved to Britannia United on Pinecrest Road in 1961, the building was used to sell Macintosh & Watts china, to sell paintings and as a construction shack until it burned down in 1975.
It was once a small mill owned by Mr John Jamieson to the west of Ottawa. A cottage town and boating club developed around the site of the old mill; Mr. John Jamieson made a pretty resort out of what was once a sand beach. 
The Britannia Yacht Club was established in 1887. The Club house still retains its historic appearance. Members of the club have won many championships and Olympic gold medals. Canada's only Gold medal winner from the 1936 Summer Olympics, Frank Amyot, paddled these waters in the 1920s and 1930s. The Club's Dragon Lounge's bar was fashioned out of a dragon sail boat. The Clubhouse was included amongst other architecturally interesting and historically significant buildings in Doors Open Ottawa, held June 2 and 3, 2012.
The Britannia Bay post office was established in 1889, under the community's first postmistress Mrs C Hand.
The "G.B. Greene", known as 'Queen of the River,' a double-decked side wheeler steamer built by the Upper Ottawa Improvement Company in 1896, took up to 250 passengers up the Ottawa River to Chats Falls on daily pleasure excursions. Although she was dismantled in 1946, her anchor remains at Britannia Beach today.
In 1899, the Ottawa Electric Railway Company built a street-car line to Britannia. In 1899, the Metropolitan Power Company was formed to construct a power house just north of the Britannia Boathouse Club with a 2000-foot canal to extend to the lower end of the Lac Deschênes Rapids. The area became popular at the turn of the century because the Ottawa Gas and Electric company extended the trolley line and created an amusement park at Britannia beach to encourage users of the trolley system to use the system on weekends. A cottage and beach community resulted. 
The first trip of the Ottawa Electric Railway Car 202 Britannia-on-the-Bay on the Britannia Line was 13 January 1900. The electric line to the village on Britannia Bay was open for regular traffic in the spring 1900.
By 1904, the trolley company had built a wide pier 1,000 feet long out into the river. Along the east side, there were
cottages, and the Boat club house. Along the south side, the land between the road and the
lake has been turned into a park, with pavilions and bath houses. The beach was ideal for bathing, since people could wade out almost to the end of the pier without danger. The village, with its two churches and neat cottages, was one of Ottawa's most fashionable suburbs in 1904. Justice Mosgrove had a 35 acre grape farm, not far from Britannia Park, on the river. 
Albert Bedingfield's stencil designs, now in the Library and Archives Canada collection, were published by Britannia-Bay, Ottawa, Ont.
During World War I, men were encouraged to join the 207th (Ottawa-Carleton) Battalion, CEF at the Britannia Pier.
During World War II, the "Princess Alice Barracks Cabin" at Britannia Bay provided a summer home for Royal Canadian Air Force (Women's Division) personnel near the Britannia Boating Club's facilities for tennis, dancing and boating. Rented from the King's Daughter's Guild of Ottawa, the cabin featured 60 beds, a separate cookhouse and dining pavilion. The cabin had served the King's Daughter's Guild of Ottawa since 1913 as a Fresh Air Cottage for mothers and undernourished children. After the war, the Fresh Air Cottages were rented to families as year round apartments. During a kitchen fire at the Fresh Air Cottage on Dec 11, 1952, Roger Murphy, aged 2 died and 26 residents were left temporarily homeless. The Fresh Air Cottage on Cassels Street, was expropriated and demolished, and is now part of the conservation area around Mud Lake. 
Rapid growth in all directions during the 20th century meant that it was soon surrounded by the western suburb of Nepean. Larger, modern houses were built in between cottages. Nowadays it is simply an out-of-the-way part of west end of Ottawa, featuring among other things Barks and Bubbles dog-washing business, Regina Street Public School, a movie theatre complex, Britannia Baptist Church, a Britannia Conservation area centred on the National Capital Commission's (Mud Lake), and Britannia beach. 
Although Thomas Ahearn's hydroelectric project was abandoned as unfeasible, the unfinished canal was used in 1951 by Past Commodores Thomas G. Fuller and Reginald G. Bruce with volunteer labour provided by Club members as the basis of the Britannia Yacht Club protected harbour. Today, the BYC harbour provides 250 wet moorings, fuel and pump out facilities, for both sail and power boats. 
The Britannia water filtration plant commissioned and constructed between 1956 and 1959 is one of two water treatment plants that serve City of Ottawa's residents. The 23,000 m2 plant, which is situated on 18.7 hectares of city property draws from the Ottawa River and treats an average of about 200 megalitres of water a day. The plant was included amongst other architecturally interesting and historically significant buildings in Doors Open Ottawa, held June 2 and 3, 2012.
The neighbourhood has a perhaps one of its kind 1967 EXPO style dome covering a local children's hockey rink that made it to the top 500 architecturally significant buildings in Canada in 2002 as voted by CIRA. 
In 1976, an article in the Ottawa Citizen described real estate prices in Britannia and in the older Britannia Bay area: semi detached houses ($48,000), duplexes ($65-70,000), 3 & 4 story apartment buildings and is surrounded by highrises; 15 three story townhouses on Kehoe ($95-100,000); older converted cottages ($38-45,000); and two story townhouses on Bradford rented for $250-300 a month. In 1976, schools in the neighbourhood included Regina Public School, Grant School (now closed) and St. Leonard's School.
The neighbourhood and, is the former home of the Ottawa Folk Festival at Britannia Park. 
In 2003, Canadian Hydrographic Service published "1550, Britannia Bay to Chat Falls", which was 4 maps on 1 sheet; Previous editions of the cartographic material were produced in 1961, '62, '69, '73, '77, '82, '86, and '96.
In 2003, the City of Ottawa erected a Heritage Designation plaque for William Murphy House, 127 Britannia Road.
In 2010, the City of Ottawa erected a Heritage Designation plaque for Old St. Stephen's Church, 181 Britannia Road. "Built in 1892, Old St. Stephen's Church was one of two churches built to serve the fashionable 19th century resort community of Britannia, and is the only one remaining today. A vernacular interpretation of the Gothic Revival style, it features the pointed-arch windows and door, simple rectangular form and tower commonly associated with the style. Old St. Stephen's Church is now a private residence." 

</doc>
<doc id="2844250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844250" title="KBFB">
KBFB

KBFB (97.9 FM, "97.9 The Beat") is a Dallas/Fort Worth-based radio station with a Urban Contemporary musical format. It is owned by Radio One with sister station KSOC-FM 94.5. Its studios (alongside KSOC) are located in the Valley View Center in North Dallas, and its transmitter is located in Cedar Hill, Texas.
History.
The Belo/Anchor Media/Cox years.
The station traces its history back to the October 5, 1946 launch of the first FM radio station to sign on in Texas, "KERA-FM" (no relation to the current radio and television stations known under the same call letters), although its roots go back to an experimental FM station "W5X1C" that signed on October 15, 1945, and another experimental trial dating back to 1939. By 1947, it had moved from its original home at 94.3 FM to a preferred location in the center of the dial at 97.9 FM under the WFAA-FM callsign, initially simulcasting its AM sister station WFAA (570 AM). With FM broadcasting in its infancy, WFAA-FM signed on and off the air for months and even two years at a time before settling on a permanent broadcast schedule by 1965. It later programmed MOR and Beautiful Music until 1973, then flipped to album oriented rock (AOR) as KZEW-FM (known to listeners as The Zoo) on September 16, 1973. Featuring talent such as John LaBella and John Rody ("LaBella and Rody"), George Gimarc, Charley Jones, Dave Lee Austin, John B. Wells, Nancy Johnson, John Dew, John Dillon, Doc Morgan and Tempie Lindsey, the station's concept and programming were initially under the direction of Ira Lipson. The FM station shared studio locations with WFAA-AM on the second floor of the facility.
In September 1973, WFAA-FM changed its call letters to KZEW and played classic and progressive rock music for 17 years with the on-air slogan "The Zoo". In 1987, KZEW and KRQX (the former WFAA radio, now KLIF) were sold by A.H. Belo Corporation, which retained ownership of the "Dallas Morning News" and WFAA-TV (channel 8). Three years later KZEW switched formats to a light rock station, changing both calls and branding to KKWM ("Warm 97.9"). A year later, the station changed its callsign and station nickname again to KLRX ("Lite 97.9") while maintaining its light rock format.
The Infinity/CBS years.
In 1993, the station was sold by Cox Enterprises to Infinity/CBS Radio and formats were switched back to progressive rock and re-branded KRRW ("Arrow 97.9"). In 1997, the station switched formats back to soft rock/adult contemporary music and renamed to the current KBFB, and the slogan became "B-97.9". Programming during this soft rock incarnation included Delilah during the nighttime hours via satellite before she was shifted to its former sister station KVIL.
97.9 today.
KBFB made the change to Urban Contemporary as "97.9 The Beat" in 2000 after the station was sold to Radio One. Since "The Beat's" launch, the station has been in direct competition against longtime heritage Urban station KKDA. In addition to KKDA, they also had a competitor with former Rhythmic Contemporary rival KZZA until the station flipped to Spanish Oldies in 2008. Today, KBFB competes with KKDA, along to an extent with CHR formats on KHKS-FM (106.1 Kiss FM), KLIF-FM, and (i93.3). Throughout the years as "The Beat," the station shifts between Urban Contemporary and CHR/Rhythmic. As of November 2013, KBFB reports as a Rhythmic station to Mediabase.
In the beginning, the station was home to Russ Parr in the Morning (of whom he started his radio career at defunct KJMZ (now KJKK-FM in the Metroplex). Later, it was home to Steve Harvey in the mornings from 2003-2005 through a syndicated simulcast from its sister station in Los Angeles, KKBT (also nicknamed "The Beat"). Eventually, Radio One let Harvey go and KBFB now airs the "Rickey Smiley Morning Show".
KBFB also broadcasts on HD Radio since the mid 2000s, though they never had a secondary HD multicast until March 2014. As of that time, KBFB HD2 simulcasts Gainesville-based sister station KSOC (K-Soul 94.5) for those in the immediate DFW area and its southern neighbors who are not in KSOC's pre-determined coverage area.

</doc>
<doc id="2844257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844257" title="The Chequer Board">
The Chequer Board

The Chequer Board is a novel by Nevil Shute, first published in the United Kingdom in 1947 by William Heinemann Ltd. The novel deals fairly with the question of racism within the US forces during World War II and portrays black characters with great sympathy and support.
Plot summary.
The men were:
As the story unfolds, we learn that charges against Lesurier were dropped after an Army investigation and that he later returned to the English town near which he was stationed during the war. He marries the girl he was courting and becomes a draughtsman. Brent is acquitted of murder but served six months for manslaughter after a brilliantly defended court-martial. He is later found living close to Lesurier and working as a meat vendor. Morgan relocates to Burma and becomes a successful businessman, married into a strong local community.
Turner is contented by the thought that each man, who had helped with his recovery after the plane crash, had succeeded in making a good life in his own way. The novel ends with what will be his last visit to the medical specialist.
Underlying the novel is the Buddhist belief in reincarnation and redemption. Despite his shady past, it is indicated that Turner, through his attempts to help his fellow patients and his acceptance of his death, has moved closer to Nirvana.
Production.
The book's title is taken from Stanza XLIX of Edward FitzGerald's Rubáiyát of Khayyám:
Shute began writing "The Chequer Board" September 1945 and completed it February 1946. The portions of the book that take place in Burma were based on his own experiences there during World War II. From the dust-jacket: ""It was very difficult to feel these cultured brown girls, all speaking excellent English...were really any different from the girls at home.""
He also noted during the war the ""popularity of American Negroes in England and the superior quality of the Burmese people,"" both of which are central to the book's story.
Reception.
Shute was concerned that sales of the book in the United States would be negatively impacted by the book's open-minded handling of racial issues; as it turned out, sales soared. Shute and his wife traveled the U.S. on Greyhound buses to ""get in touch with the man on the street,"" finding the experience refreshing. Afterwards he wrote ""Sincerity is the first attribute for making money in the business of writing novels.""

</doc>
<doc id="2844262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844262" title="Robert Axelrod (actor)">
Robert Axelrod (actor)

Robert Axelrod (born May 29, 1949) is a U.S. actor who has been in several movies and lent his voice to television shows including "Digimon", having started vocal acting for the English-language versions of Japanese cartoons in 1980. Two of his best known roles was that of Lord Zedd, the main antagonist of the "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", and Finster, the original "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" monster maker. He has also portrayed a Paul McCartney look-alike on the popular sitcom, "Family Matters".
Two of his known aliases are Axel Roberts and Myron Mensah.

</doc>
<doc id="2844265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844265" title="Haines Junction/Pine Lake Water Aerodrome">
Haines Junction/Pine Lake Water Aerodrome

Haines Junction/Pine Lake Water Aerodrome was located north of Haines Junction, Yukon, Canada and was open from June until October.

</doc>
<doc id="2844266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844266" title="Haines Junction Airport">
Haines Junction Airport

Haines Junction Airport is located northwest of Haines Junction, Yukon, Canada. The airport has no scheduled airline service and is served by one fixed wing charter and two helicopter operators. Haines Junction is the gateway to Kluane National Park and Reserve. The airport is also the headquarters for the Yukon Governments Community and Transportation Services Airport Division.

</doc>
<doc id="2844267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844267" title="Hyland Airport">
Hyland Airport

Hyland Airport is located near Hyland, Yukon, Canada has a wide runway that receives no maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="2844268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844268" title="La Biche River Airport">
La Biche River Airport

La Biche River Airport is located near La Biche River, Yukon, Canada receives limited maintenance and prior permission is required to land.

</doc>
<doc id="2844269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844269" title="Birth (disambiguation)">
Birth (disambiguation)

Birth is the process in animals by which an offspring is expelled from the body of its mother.
Birth may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2844270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844270" title="YHT (disambiguation)">
YHT (disambiguation)

YHT may stand for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2844292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844292" title="Tomas del Rosario College">
Tomas del Rosario College

Tomas del Rosario College is a private college in the Philippines.
It was formerly known as Tomas del Rosario Academy. It became a college in 1994. At one time the college was the most popular school in Balanga. Students from this school are called "del Rosarians".
Tomas del Rosario College is the only PACU-COA level II accredited private school in Bataan. It currently offers courses in the field of nursing, accounting, management, marketing, banking, education, and computer science.
Location.
The college is located along Capitol Drive in Barangay San Jose, Balanga City, Bataan.
Courses offered.
Basic Education Department
College Department
Graduate School (Trimestral Calendar)
The Board of Directors.
President: Atty. Antonio Ortiguera
Vice President for Administrative and Academic Affairs: Mrs. Amelia Anastacio
Asst. VP for Administrative & Academic Affairs and Building Administrator: Mr. Tomas Antonio Ortiguera
Treasurer: Miss Delia Q. Camacho
Member of the Board: Consul Eduardo L. de Guzman
Member of the Board: Dr. Fe B. Pastorfide
Department heads.
College Dean : Dr. Marina Santos
High School Principal: Dr. Vicente Lintag
Grade School Principal: Mrs. Rebecca Appelido
Pre-School Head Teacher: Ms. Laiza Calara
Teaching methods.
College Department:
High School: Philippine Science Classes Curriculum oriented
Elementary and Pre-School: The Teaching Pedagogy implemented in this school for both levels starting S.Y. 2012-2013 comprises a reformed Montessorian method of education, with the principle that we uphold the holistic development and freedom of the student to explore his or her strengths. With this, we also take in the principle of Progressive learning meaning that we only not confide learning inside the walls of the classroom but we also take into account experience based learning, giving them time outside the classroom to learn the world outside and the environment the students are in. This also means great participation from the parents in supporting a good foundation for the students.

</doc>
<doc id="2844298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844298" title="Law court (ancient Athens)">
Law court (ancient Athens)

The law courts in ancient Athens (4th and 5th centuries BC) were a fundamental organ of democratic governance. According to Aristotle, whoever controls the courts controls the state.
These courts were jury courts and very large ones: the smallest possible had 200 members (+1 to avoid ties) and sometimes 500, 1000 or 1500. The annual pool of jurors, whose official name was Heliaia, comprised 6000 members. At least on one known occasion the whole six thousand sat together to judge a single case (a plenary session of the Heliaia). This was very different from Rome's laws, as in Rome, jury representatives were elected. The Athenian jurors were chosen randomly by lot, which meant that juries would consist, in theory, of a wide range of members from different social classes. Jurors were chosen on an annual basis, as were all other offices within the state (with the exception of the generals, known as strategoi).
After the reforms of Solon in 594/3 BC, anyone from each of the four classes (the "pentacosiomedimni, hippeis, zeugites" and "thetes") could become a juror. This was meant to make the system much fairer to the poorer members of society, who had previously been excluded in favour of the elitist aristocrats.
The archons who convened the courts had a purely administrative function and gave no legal direction or advice to the jurors: there was no judge but the jurors themselves.
From the time of Pericles onwards, jury pay was introduced. This was two "obols" a day, which, despite not being a substantial amount of money, was enough to encourage even the poorest to become a juror. This was later increased to three "obols" a day by Cleon.

</doc>
<doc id="2844303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844303" title="Spin structure">
Spin structure

In differential geometry, a spin structure on an orientable Riemannian manifold "(M,g)" allows one to define associated spinor bundles, giving rise to the notion of a spinor in differential geometry.
Spin structures have wide applications to mathematical physics, in particular to quantum field theory where they are an essential ingredient in the definition of any theory with uncharged fermions. They are also of purely mathematical interest in differential geometry, algebraic topology, and K theory. They form the foundation for spin geometry.
Introduction.
In geometry and in field theory, mathematicians ask whether or not a given oriented Riemannian manifold "(M,g)" admits spinors. One method for dealing with this problem is to require that "M" has a spin structure. This is not always possible since there is potentially a topological obstruction to the existence of spin structures. Spin structures will exist if and only if the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2("M") ∈ H2("M", Z2) of "M" vanishes. Furthermore, if "w"2("M") = 0, then the set of the isomorphism classes of spin structures on "M" is acted upon freely and transitively by H1("M", Z2) . As the manifold "M" is assumed to be oriented, the first Stiefel-Whitney class "w"1("M") ∈ H1("M", Z2) of "M" vanishes too. (The Stiefel-Whitney classes "wi"("M") ∈ H"i"("M", Z2) of a manifold "M" are defined to be the Stiefel-Whitney classes of its tangent bundle "TM".)
The bundle of spinors π"S": "S" → "M" over "M" is then the complex vector bundle associated with the corresponding principal bundle πP: P → "M" of spin frames over "M" and the spin representation of its structure group Spin("n") on the space of spinors Δ"n". The bundle "S" is called the spinor bundle for a given spin structure on "M".
A precise definition of spin structure on manifold was possible only after the notion of fiber bundle had been introduced; André Haefliger (1956) found the topological obstruction to the existence of a spin structure on an orientable Riemannian manifold and Max Karoubi (1968) extended this result to the non-orientable pseudo-Riemannian case.
Spin structures on Riemannian manifolds.
Definition.
A spin structure on an orientable Riemannian manifold "(M,g)" is an equivariant lift of the oriented orthonormal frame bundle "F"SO("M") → "M" with respect to the double covering ρ: Spin("n") → SO("n"). In other words, a pair (P,"F"P) is a spin structure on the principal bundle π: "F"SO("M") → "M" when
The principal bundle πP: P → "M" is also called the bundle of spin frames over "M".
Two spin structures (P1, "F"P1) and (P2, "F"P2) on the same oriented Riemannian manifold "(M,g)" are called equivalent if there exists a Spin("n")-equivariant map "f": P1 → P2 such that
Of course, in this case formula_4 and formula_5 are two equivalent double coverings of the oriented orthonormal frame SO("n")-bundle "F"SO("M") → "M" of the given Riemannian manifold "(M,g)".
This definition of spin structure on "(M,g)" as a spin structure on the principal bundle "F"SO("M") → "M" is due to André Haefliger (1956).
Obstruction.
André Haefliger found necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of a spin structure on an oriented Riemannian manifold "(M,g)". The obstruction to having a spin structure is certain element "of H2("M", Z2) . For a spin structure the class "[k" is the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2("M") ∈ H2("M", Z2) of "M". Hence, a spin structure exists if and only if the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2("M") ∈ H2("M", Z2) of "M" vanishes.
Spin structures on vector bundles.
Let "M" be a paracompact topological manifold and "E" an oriented vector bundle on "M" of dimension "n" equipped with a fibre metric. This means that at each point of "M", the fibre of "E" is an inner product space. A spinor bundle of "E" is a prescription for consistently associating a spin representation to every point of "M". There are topological obstructions to being able to do it, and consequently, a given bundle "E" may not admit any spinor bundle. In case it does, one says that the bundle "E" is spin.
This may be made rigorous through the language of principal bundles. The collection of oriented orthonormal frames of a vector bundle form a frame bundle "P"SO("E"), which is a principal bundle under the action of the special orthogonal group SO("n"). A spin structure for "P"SO("E") is a "lift" of "P"SO("E") to a principal bundle "P"Spin("E") under the action of the spin group Spin("n"), by which we mean that there exists a bundle map φ : "P"Spin("E") → "P"SO("E") such that
where ρ: Spin("n") → SO("n") is the mapping of groups presenting the spin group as a double-cover of SO("n").
In the special case in which "E" is the tangent bundle "TM" over the base manifold "M", if a spin structure exists then one says that "M" is a spin manifold. Equivalently "M" is "spin" if the SO("n") principal bundle of orthonormal bases of the tangent fibers of "M" is a Z2 quotient of a principal spin bundle.
If the manifold has a cell decomposition or a triangulation, a spin structure can equivalently be thought of as a homotopy-class of trivialization of the tangent bundle over the 1-skeleton that extends over the 2-skeleton. If the dimension is lower than 3, one first takes a Whitney sum with a trivial line bundle.
Obstruction.
A spin structure on a vector bundle "E" exists if and only if the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2 of "E" vanishes. This is a result of Armand Borel and Friedrich Hirzebruch. Note, we have assumed π"E": "E" → "M" is an orientable vector bundle.
Classification.
When spin structures exist, the inequivalent spin structures on a manifold have a one-to-one correspondence (not canonical) with the elements of H1("M",Z2), which by the universal coefficient theorem is isomorphic to H1("M",Z2). More precisely, the space of the isomorphism classes of spin structures is an affine space over H1("M",Z2).
Intuitively, for each nontrivial cycle on "M" a spin structure corresponds to a binary choice of whether a section of the SO("N") bundle switches sheets when one encircles the loop. If "w"2 vanishes then these choices may be extended over the two-skeleton, then (by obstruction theory) they may automatically be extended over all of "M". In particle physics this corresponds to a choice of periodic or antiperiodic boundary conditions for fermions going around each loop.
Application to particle physics.
In particle physics the spin–statistics theorem implies that the wavefunction of an uncharged fermion is a section of the associated vector bundle to the "spin" lift of an SO("N") bundle "E". Therefore the choice of spin structure is part of the data needed to define the wavefunction, and one often needs to sum over these choices in the partition function. In many physical theories "E" is the tangent bundle, but for the fermions on the worldvolumes of D-branes in string theory it is a normal bundle.
Spinc structures.
A spin"c" structure is analogous to a spin structure on an oriented Riemannian manifold, but uses the spin"c" group, which is defined instead by the exact sequence 
To motivate this, suppose that κ: Spin("n") → U("N") is a complex spinor representation. The center of U("N") consists of the diagonal elements coming from the inclusion i: U(1) → U("N"), i.e., the scalar multiples of the identity. Thus there is a homomorphism
This will always have the element (-1,-1) in the kernel. Taking the quotient modulo this element gives the group SpinC("n"). This is the twisted product
where U(1) = SO(2) = S1. In other words, the group Spin"c"("n") is a central extension of SO("n") by S1.
Viewed another way, Spin"c"("n") is the quotient group obtained from Spin("n") × Spin(2) with respect to the normal Z2 which is generated by the pair of covering transformations for the bundles Spin("n") → SO("n") and Spin(2) → SO(2) respectively. This makes the spin"c" group both a bundle over the circle with fibre Spin("n"), and a bundle over SO("n") with fibre a circle.
The fundamental group π1(SpinC("n")) is isomorphic to Z.
If the manifold has a cell decomposition or a triangulation, a spin"c" structure can be equivalently thought of as a homotopy class of complex structure over the 2-skeleton that extends over the 3-skeleton. Similarly to the case of spin structures, one takes a Whitney sum with a trivial line bundle if the manifold is odd-dimensional.
Yet another definition is that a spin"c" structure on a manifold "N" is a complex line bundle "L" over "N" together with a spin structure on "TN" ⊕ "L".
Obstruction.
A spin"c" structure exists when the bundle is orientable and the second Stiefel-Whitney class of the bundle "E" is in the image of the map "H"2("M", Z) → "H"2("M", Z/2Z) (in other words, the third integral Stiefel-Whitney class vanishes). In this case one says that "E" is spin"c". Intuitively, the lift gives the Chern class of the square of the U(1) part of any obtained "spin""c" bundle.
By a theorem of Hopf and Hirzebruch, closed orientable 4-manifolds always admit a spinc structure.
Classification.
When a manifold carries a spin"c" structure at all, the set of spin"c" structures forms an affine space. Moreover, the set of spin"c" structures has a free transitive action of "H"2("M", Z). Thus, spin"c"-structures correspond to elements of "H"2("M", Z) although not in a natural way.
Geometric picture.
This has the following geometric interpretation, which is due to Edward Witten. When the "spin""c" structure is nonzero this square root bundle has a non-integral Chern class, which means that it fails the triple overlap condition. In particular, the product of transition functions on a three-way intersection is not always equal to one, as is required for a principal bundle. Instead it is sometimes −1.
This failure occurs at precisely the same intersections as an identical failure in the triple products of transition functions of the obstructed spin bundle. Therefore the triple products of transition functions of the full "spin""c" bundle, which are the products of the triple product of the "spin" and U(1) component bundles, are either 12=1 or -12=1 and so the "spin""c" bundle satisfies the triple overlap condition and is therefore a legitimate bundle.
The details.
The above intuitive geometric picture may be made concrete as follows. Consider the short exact sequence 0 → Z → Z → Z2 → 0 where the second arrow is multiplication by 2 and the third is reduction modulo 2. This induces a long exact sequence on cohomology, which contains
where the second arrow is induced by multiplication by 2, the third is induced by restriction modulo 2 and the fourth is the associated Bockstein homomorphism β.
The obstruction to the existence of a "spin" bundle is an element "w"2 of H2("M",Z2). It reflects the fact that one may always locally lift an SO(N) bundle to a "spin" bundle, but one needs to choose a Z2 lift of each transition function, which is a choice of sign. The lift does not exist when the product of these three signs on a triple overlap is -1, which yields the Čech cohomology picture of "w"2.
To cancel this obstruction, one tensors this "spin" bundle with a U(1) bundle with the same obstruction "w"2. Notice that this is an abuse of the word "bundle", as neither the "spin" bundle nor the U(1) bundle satisfies the triple overlap condition and so neither is actually a bundle.
A legitimate U(1) bundle is classified by its Chern class, which is an element of H2("M",Z). Identify this class with the first element in the above exact sequence. The next arrow doubles this Chern class, and so legitimate bundles will correspond to even elements in the second H2("M",Z), while odd elements will correspond to bundles that fail the triple overlap condition. The obstruction then is classified by the failure of an element in the second H2("M",Z) to be in the image of the arrow, which, by exactness, is classified by its image in H2("M",Z2) under the next arrow.
To cancel the corresponding obstruction in the "spin" bundle, this image needs to be "w"2. In particular, if "w"2 is not in the image of the arrow, then there does not exist any U(1) bundle with obstruction equal to "w"2 and so the obstruction cannot be cancelled. By exactness, "w"2 is in the image of the preceding arrow only if it is in the kernel of the next arrow, which we recall is the Bockstein homomorphism β. That is, the condition for the cancellation of the obstruction is
where we have used the fact that the third integral Stiefel-Whitney class "W"3 is the Bockstein of the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2 (this can be taken as a definition of "W"3).
Integral lifts of Stiefel-Whitney classes.
This argument also demonstrates that second Stiefel-Whitney class defines elements not only of Z2 cohomology but also of integral cohomology in one higher degree. In fact this is the case for all even Stiefel-Whitney classes. It is traditional to use an uppercase "W" for the resulting classes in odd degree, which are called the integral Stiefel-Whitney classes, and are labeled by their degree (which is always odd).
Application to particle physics.
In quantum field theory charged spinors are sections of associated "spin""c" bundles, and in particular no charged spinors can exist on a space that is not "spin""c". An exception arises in some supergravity theories where additional interactions imply that other fields may cancel the third Stiefel-Whitney class.
Vector structures.
While spin structures are lifts of vector bundles to associated spin bundles, vector structures are lifts of other bundles to associated vector bundles.
Obstruction.
For example, consider an SO(8) bundle. The group SO(8) has three 8-dimensional representations, two of which are spinorial and one of which is the vector representation. These three representations are exchanged by an isomorphism known as triality. Given an SO(8) vector bundle E, the obstruction to the construction of an associated spin bundle is the second Stiefel-Whitney class "w"2("E"), which is an element of the second cohomology group with Z2 coefficients. By triality, given an SO(8) spin bundle F, the obstruction to the existence of an associated vector bundle is another element of the same cohomology group, which is often denoted formula_12.
Application to particle physics.
Vector structures were first considered in physics, in the paper Anomalies, Dualities and Topology of "D"=6, "N"=1 Superstring Vacua by Micha Berkooz, Robert Leigh, Joseph Polchinski, John Schwarz, Nathan Seiberg and Edward Witten. They were considering type I string theory, whose configurations consist of a 10-manifold with a Spin(32)/Z2 principal bundle over it. Such a bundle has a vector structure, and so lifts to an SO(32) bundle, when the triple product of the transition functions on all triple intersection is the trivial element of the Z2 quotient. This happens precisely when formula_13, the characteristic 2-cocycle with Z2 coefficients, vanishes.
The following year, in 

</doc>
<doc id="2844304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844304" title="Lon Milo DuQuette">
Lon Milo DuQuette

Lon Milo DuQuette, also known as Rabbi Lamed Ben Clifford, is an American writer, lecturer, musician, and occultist, best known as an author who applies humor in the field of Western Hermeticism.
Biography.
Born in Long Beach, California and raised in Columbus, Nebraska, he was an aspiring studio musician and recording artist in the 1970s, releasing two singles and an album, "Charley D. and Milo", on the Epic Records label. He and his partner Charles Dennis Harris (now Charley Packard), opened for Hoyt Axton, Arlo Guthrie and performed with Sammy Davis Jr. In 1972, he quit the music business and for the next 25 years he pursued his interest in mysticism, particularly the work of Aleister Crowley (1875–1947). DuQuette began writing professionally in 1988 and has since published 16 books (translated in 12 languages).
A 2005 gift of a ukelele re-ignited his interest in music. Two self released CD's and a new record contract followed. In 2012, DuQuette released "I'm Baba Lon" on Ninety Three Records, his first studio album in 40 years. On September 3, 2012, Ninety Three released the follow-up, "Baba Lon II".
He is married to his high school sweetheart, Constance Jean Duquette. They live in Costa Mesa, California and have one son, Jean-Paul.
Writings.
DuQuette has written several successful books on Western mystical traditions including: Freemasonry, Tarot, Qabalah, ceremonial magic, the Enochian magic of Dr. John Dee, and spirit evocation, Goetia. He is perhaps best known as "an author who injects humor into the serious subjects of magick and the occult." His autobiography, "My Life with the Spirits," is currently a required text for two classes at DePaul University, Chicago.
Many of DuQuette's books have been dedicated to analyzing and exploring the works of Aleister Crowley (1875–1947), an English occultist, author, poet and philosopher.
DuQuette occasionally appears on radio and television as a guest expert on subjects involving the occult.
He is on the faculty of the Omega Institute for Holistic Studies in Rhinebeck, New York where he teaches "The Western Magical Tradition".
Ordo Templi Orientis.
Since 1975 DuQuette has been a National and International governing officer of Ordo Templi Orientis, a religious and fraternal organization founded in the early part of the 20th century. Since 1996 he has been O.T.O.'s United States Deputy Grand Master. He is also an Archbishop of Ecclesia Gnostica Catholica, the ecclesiastical arm of O.T.O and the longest living member of the O.T.O after the death of Phyllis Seckler.

</doc>
<doc id="2844309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844309" title="Hunter Allan">
Hunter Allan

Hunter Allan (born December 22, 1995) is a young American actor who is most famous for playing the recurring character of Noah Newman, the ten-year-old son of Nicholas and Sharon Newman (Joshua Morrow and Sharon Case) on CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless" up to May 9, 2008.
Allan guest starred on the "The Foam Finger" episode of Nickelodeon sitcom "Drake & Josh" playing the young Drake Parker in a flashback scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2844318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844318" title="KIMN">
KIMN

KIMN (100.3 FM, "Mix 100") is a Hot Adult Contemporary radio station in Denver, Colorado. This station broadcasts at 100.3 MHz with an effective radiated power of 97 kW and is under ownership of Wilks Broadcasting, which also acquired sister stations KXKL and KWOF from CBS Radio in 2008. Its studios are located in Denver and the transmitter site is on Mount Morrison west of Lakewood.
History.
The station signed on the air on August 8, 1959 as KLIR and spent most of its life as MOR and as a beautiful music outlet. On June 7, 1984 the station switched to an Adult Contemporary format as KMJI, but would later tweak its direction to Soft AC and change its calls to KXLT. In 1992 it reclaimed the KMJI calls and evolved to an all-70's direction in 1994. The KIMN calls were picked up in 1995. In 1997, KIMN return to AC (As "KIM 100.3"), and in 1999, the station evolve into a Hot AC format and adopt the "Mix" moniker. The weekends featured 80's music from Def Leppard to Madonna.
Today.
Mix 100 is a Hot Adult Contemporary station that broadcasts a variety of music from artists like Katy Perry, Kelly Clarkson, John Mayer and OneRepublic. 
The popular morning show is the family-friendly "Dom & Jane Show" featuring Dom Testa & Jane London, with producers Jeremy Padgett and Emily McKenzie. The Dom & Jane Show regularly rates number 1 among Denver morning shows with adults 25-54.
Current Personalities.
In June 2008, Mix became the Denver affiliate of the syndicated show "On-air with Ryan Seacrest" until February 2009. Mix also provides listeners with two HD subchannel stations: 100.3-HD2 features "Ultimate 80's Mix" and 100.3-HD3 plays Jazz favorites.
Origin.
The call letters KIMN, originally belonged to a Denver AM station located at 950 on the dial. From the late 1950s to the 1980s KIMN was the dominant Top 40 music station in Denver. The station also highlighted the popular local rock n' roll bands of that era, such as the "Astronauts", "Daniels", "Fogcutters", "Moonrakers", "Soul Survivors",and others. The station had other nicknames as "the Denver Tiger", "Boss Radio", and "95 Fabulous KIMN". The station was then owned and operated by the late Kenneth E. Palmer(1925-1984).

</doc>
<doc id="2844328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844328" title="Privateer (disambiguation)">
Privateer (disambiguation)

Privateer is a pirate operating on behalf of a government.
Privateer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2844329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2844329" title="Bangkok International Film Festival">
Bangkok International Film Festival

The Bangkok International Film Festival (BKKIFF) () is an international film festival held annually in Bangkok, Thailand, since 2003. In addition to film screenings, seminars, gala events and the Golden Kinnaree Awards.
History.
First years.
The Bangkok International Film Festival was first held in 2003, and was organized by Nation Multimedia Group in cooperation with the Tourism Authority of Thailand, or TAT. Prior to 2003, the Nation Group had organized the Bangkok Film Festival (note, no "international" in the title), first held in 1998. After the 2003 event, the Nation Group and the TAT split. The TAT continued with the Bangkok International Film Festival from 2004, while Nation Multimedia founded the World Film Festival of Bangkok, which was first held in October 2003.
For management of the Bangkok International Film Festival, the TAT awarded a contract to a Los Angeles, California firm, Festival Management, which programmed the festival from 2003 to 2006.
Such celebrities as Catherine Deneuve, Jeremy Irons, Michael Douglas, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Steven Seagal, Bai Ling, Christopher Lee, Oliver Stone, Terry Gilliam and Joel Schumacher were flown to Bangkok to attend the festivals, and were present for such events as red carpet-festooned opening ceremonies, cocktail parties and awards banquets.
Post-coup festival, bribery scandal.
After the 2006 Thai coup d'état, the government installed by the military-run Council for National Security reduced the budget for the film festival by two thirds from 180 million baht to 60 million baht. As a result of the cuts, the TAT broke its management contract with Festival Management, and then postponed the 2007 edition of the festival from January to July. With a focus on Asian cinema the resulting festival was a lower-key affair than in previous years, though it did host a visit by Indian actress Hema Malini, who was the subject of a retrospective program.
Following the 2007 event, management of the festival was transferred from the TAT to the Department of Export Promotion.
In December 2007, the United States Department of Justice arrested Gerald and Patricia Green, the owners of Festival Management. In an affidavit by a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent, the Greens were accused of violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act for their alleged payment of US$1.7 million in bribes to a person the affidavit identified as the governor of the Tourism Authority of Thailand.
In Thailand, Juthamas Siriwan, who served as TAT governor from 2002 to 2006, denied any wrongdoing, but in the days before the December 23, 2007 general election, she resigned from the For the Motherland party, of which she served as deputy leader.
As an appointed Governor of the TAT by Thaksin Shinawatra's Thai Rak Thai Government, the former governor is now indicted in USA for taking bribes in relation to the film festival.
<br>
<br>In late February 2008 the website of the TAT announced that the 2008 Bangkok International Film Festival would be held in July. It was then postponed and held in September 2008, with TAT as the main sponsor but with the Federation of National Film Associations and the Thai Film Directors Association as the organizers.
Program.
Competition program.
International competition.
Up to a total of 12 international feature films can be selected for competition, judged by an international jury. Awards are presented for Best International Film, Best International Director, Best International Actor and Best International Actress.
ASEAN competition.
Seeks to present the best films from the past year from ASEAN countries: Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. The films in this competition are judged by members of FIPRESCI, the International Federation of Film Critics, and the winning film receives the Golden Kinaree for Best ASEAN Film.
Reel World.
A program of recent feature-length documentaries, collected from countries all around the world. A Golden Kinnaree is awarded for Best International Feature Documentary.
New Voices.
A selection of 10 to 15 international features from first- or second-time feature directors. The winning film will be presented with the award for Best New Director.
Asian Short Films.
This competition includes live action, animation and documentary short films from all over Asia. There is an award presented for Best Asian Short Film.
Non-competition program.
Thai Panorama.
A collection of what the organizers determine as the most distinctive Thai films made and released over the past 12 months, as well as premieres of new films made in Thailand.
Tributes and retrospectives.
Each year, the festival offers a glimpse to the life and career of its honored film personalities, including directors, actors and technicians, through a selection of what the organizers judge to be their finest cinematic moments.
Special presentations.
This program consists of gala premieres and special screenings of new releases as well as restored copies of old classics, frequently accompanied by special festive activities such as concerts, outdoor screenings and appearances by stars, directors and crew members of the old films.
Windows on the World.
A celebration of what the organizers determine to be the best of the world cinema, showcasing about 80 films from countries around the world, reflecting the international language of cinema. The selection includes critically acclaimed films from other leading festivals such as the Cannes Film Festival, Berlin Film Festival, Venice Film Festival and Toronto International Film Festival.
Golden Kinnaree Awards.
The annual Awards Gala presents The Golden Kinnaree Awards to the winning films and filmmakers. Awards are presented in the following categories:

</doc>
