<doc id="2863279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863279" title="Aduatuci">
Aduatuci

The Aduatuci or Atuatuci were, according to Caesar, a Germanic tribe who had been allowed to settle amongst the Germanic tribes living in east Belgium. They descended from the Cimbri and Teutones, who were tribes thought to have originated in the area of Denmark. Much later, the Aduatuci sent troops to assist their Belgic neighbours, especially the Nervii, in the Battle of the Sabis, but were too late. They were later defeated by the Romans after withdrawing to a fortified city. After their defeat by Caesar they disappear from the written record, but their survivors possibly contributed to the later tribal grouping known as the Tungri in Roman imperial times.
Before the Roman attack in 57 BC the oppidum of the Aduatuci (possible modern day namur in Belgium or near the city of Thuin) were home to 57,000 including refugees fleeing the Romans.
The oppidum of the Aduatuci were seized by the Romans and after the fall of the city with 4,000 dead the entire surviving population of 53,000 were sold as slaves.
Background.
The Cimbri, the Teutones, and Ambrones were engaged by, and then defeated, several Roman armies at the battle of Noreia (113 BCE) and at Arausio (105 BCE), where the Romans are said to have lost more than 80,000 men. After the Marian reforms of the legions, the Teutones and Ambrones were finally defeated by the Romans at Aquae Sextiae in 102 BC. The Cimbri were defeated by the Romans in northeast Italy in 101 BC. The Aduatuci were said to be the remnants of a group of the Cimbri who stayed in northern Gaul after defeating a previous Roman army under Marcus Junius Silanus in Gaul in 109 BC, before the Germanic tribes moved south towards Italy.
From the account of Caesar, the exact position of the Aduatuci is not clear, but they were apparently neighbours of both the Nervii and the Eburones. Edith Wightman states that they "are generally supposed to have occupied the middle Meuse valley, perhaps rightly, although the reasoning is suspect". Concerning their fort, Wightman writes From the description, it was a promontory fort or "epéron barré", but the lack of any reference to a major river argues against the citadel at Namur, and the Mont Falhize near Huy, both of them washed by the Meuse. Reoccupation of the earlier fort of Hastedon (St. Servais, just north of Namur) is a possibility. Other candidates are not lacking, but they lie mostly in the Entre-Sambre-et-Meuse area, which probably belonged to the Nervii. 
In 2012 a group of historians and archeologists came to the conclusion that the oppidium of the Aduatuci was placed south of the Hainaut city of Thuin. The following arguments for this identification were listed.
Assisting the Nervians.
The Battle of Sabis took place in 57 BC between the Romans and the Nervians. Although the Roman forces under Julius Caesar eventually defeated the Nervians, the Romans were almost overtaken by the surprisingly strong tribe. The Aduatuci sent troops to assist the Nervians, but when they learned of the Nervians’ defeat, the Aduatuci retreated towards a single fort, being a place "eminently fortified by nature" and described by Caesar as being the original settlement they had chosen after settling in the area.
Defeat.
The Romans followed the Aduatuci and besieged their city. The Aduatuci successfully resisted the Romans' initial attacks but surrendered after the Romans erected siege weapons and approached the city with them. Caesar promised mercy if the Aduatuci surrendered, so the Aduatuci opened their gates and made show of laying down some weapons. This may have been an attempt to trick the Romans and catch them off guard in a later attack. Caesar kept his word that evening by sending Roman troops out of the Aduatuci city to avoid looting and violence against the Aduatuci. Using improvised shields and weapons which they had concealed within the city, the Aduatuci then engaged the Romans in a surprise attack that night. While the Aduatuci fought well, the Romans were prepared and they defeated the Aduatuci. Many Aduatuci were killed in the battle and those that survived were sold into slavery. Caesar wrote that 53,000 people were sold into slavery.
Possible survival.
Under Roman rule the name of the Aduatuci never appears any more, but the tribal groupings of the area are likely to have reformed, also including more recent immigrants from Germany. The survivors of the people who fought Caesar are therefore likely to have joined into the tribal grouping known in imperial times as the Tungri. The place name "Aduatuca" does continue in the region, because the capital of the Tungri's region, the ""Civitas Tungrorum"" was known as "Aduatuca Tungrorum" (modern Tongeren). The reasons for this are unclear, but the name of the capital of the Eburones, the distinct neighbours of the Aduatuci, had also been referred to as "Aduatuca" by Caesar, and so it is likely the word was a general term for a fortified settlement. (So the name "Aduatuci" might mean "fortress people".)
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2863283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863283" title="Picrophilaceae">
Picrophilaceae

In taxonomy, the Picrophilaceae are a family of the Thermoplasmatales.

</doc>
<doc id="2863286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863286" title="It's Magic">
It's Magic

"It's Magic" is a popular song written by Jule Styne, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn. The song was introduced by Doris Day in her film debut, "Romance on the High Seas", and was published in 1947. Versions which made the Billboard magazine charts in 1948 were recorded by Doris Day, Tony Martin, Dick Haymes, Gordon MacRae, and Sarah Vaughan.
In 1952 Doris Day made the song the theme of "The Doris Day Show", her Hollywood radio series.
Releases.
The Doris Day recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 38188. The recording spent 21 weeks on the Billboard chart, peaking at position #2.
The Tony Martin recording was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-2862. The recording spent 13 weeks on the Billboard chart, peaking at position #11.
The Dick Haymes recording was released by Decca Records as catalog number 23826. The recording spent 18 weeks on the Billboard chart, peaking at position #9.
The Gordon MacRae recording was released by Capitol Records as catalog number 15072. The recording spent 17 weeks on the Billboard chart, peaking at position #9.
The Sarah Vaughan recording was released by Musicraft Records as catalog number 557. The recording spent 2 weeks on the Billboard chart, peaking at position #29. It appeared on the EP "The Divine Sarah Sings" (1954)
Dinah Washington recorded the song in 1959 for her album "What a Diff'rence a Day Makes!"
Keely Smith recorded it in 1959 for her Capital album, Swingin’ Pretty, arranged and conducted by Nelson.
Shirley Bassey recorded the song in 1963 for her EP "In Other Words...".
In 2010, Australian singer Melinda Schneider recorded the song for her Doris Day tribute album "Melinda Does Doris".
Also, Bethany Joy Galeotti released a little cover of the song at Soundcloud.com and Muziboo.com in 2011.
In the 1953 Warner Brothers cartoon "Robot Rabbit", Bugs Bunny parodied the song with the lyrics, "Carrots are divine...You get a dozen for a dime. It's magic."
Barbara Lewis recorded the song in 1965, and it was included in her album of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="2863289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863289" title="Jussi Award">
Jussi Award

The Jussi Award is an accolade to recognize excellence of professionals in the Finnish film industry, including directors, actors, and writers. The formal ceremony is held at the beginning of each year; it is the most important film industry event in Finland.
The first Jussi Awards ceremony was held on 16 November 1944 at the Restaurant Adlon in Helsinki. The award is probably the oldest film award in Europe.
Tancred Benjamin (Ben) Renvall (April 3.1903 Suomusjärvi – April 9.1979 Helsinki) was Finnish sculptor and designed the Jussi Avard.
The selection of award winners is made by the Society Filmiaura. It has roughly 260 film professionals, who vote for all the categories (except for the Public Favorite, which the general public choose) in a closed vote. The categories are

</doc>
<doc id="2863294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863294" title="Simon S. Lam">
Simon S. Lam

Simon Sin-Sing Lam (林善成) is Professor and Regents Chair in Computer Science at The University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Macau in 1947. He received a B.S. with Distinction in Electrical Engineering from Washington State University in 1969, and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in engineering from UCLA in 1970 and 1974, respectively.
ACM SIGCOMM Award.
Simon Lam received the 2004 ACM SIGCOMM Award for lifetime contribution to the field of communication networks with the citation "in recognition of his vision, breadth, and rigor in contributing to, among other areas: secure network communication, the analysis of network and multiaccess protocols, the analysis of queueing networks, and the design of mechanisms for quality of service."
National Academy of Engineering.
In 2007, Simon Lam was elected to the National Academy of Engineering, widely considered among the highest honors to be earned in the engineering and technology professions, for "contributions to computer network protocols and network security services.”
ACM Software System Award for Secure Network Programming.
Simon Lam received a grant in 1991 from the NSA INFOSEC University Research Program for a project entitled, “Applying a Theory of Modules and Interfaces to Security Verification.” In this project, he led a research group that invented the concept of secure sockets for securing Internet applications (providing end-point authentication, data confidentiality, and data integrity). In 1993, they implemented the first secure sockets layer, named Secure Network Programming (SNP), with the goal of achieving “secure network programming for the masses.” They demonstrated SNP to the project’s NSA program managers. They presented the case for secure sockets and SNP performance results at the USENIX Summer Technical Conference, June 1994. 
SNP was designed as an application sublayer on top of transport-layer sockets. It provides to Internet applications a secure sockets API that closely resembles the sockets API. The SNP approach was novel and a major change in the direction of network security research in 1993. This approach enabled secure e-commerce a few years later. SNP won the 2004 ACM Software System Award. Today’s secure sockets layers (SSL and TLS) designed and deployed later by industry are widely used for securing transactions between Web browsers and servers for e-commerce, as well as other Internet applications including email, instant messaging, and VoIP.
W. Wallace McDowell Award.
He was awarded the 2004 W. Wallace McDowell Award with the citation “For outstanding fundamental contributions in network protocols and security services.”

</doc>
<doc id="2863306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863306" title="Madain">
Madain

Madain (Arabic for "cities") may refer to:
In fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="2863313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863313" title="Keihin region">
Keihin region

The Keihin region is part of the larger Kantō region.

</doc>
<doc id="2863318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863318" title="MHL">
MHL

MHL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863319" title="Bee Movie">
Bee Movie

Bee Movie is a 2007 American computer animated family comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It stars Jerry Seinfeld and Renée Zellweger.
"Bee Movie" is the first motion-picture script to be written by Seinfeld, who co-wrote it with Spike Feresten, Barry Marder, and Andy Robin. The film was directed by Simon J.Smith and Steve Hickner and produced by Seinfeld, Christina Steinberg and Cameron Stevning. The production was designed by Alex McDowell, and Christophe Lautrette was the art director. Nick Fletcher was the supervising editor and music for the film was composed by Rupert Gregson-Williams.
The cast and crew include some veterans of Seinfeld's long-running NBC sitcom "Seinfeld", including writer/producers Feresten and Robin, and actors Michael Richards ("Seinfeld" character Cosmo Kramer), Patrick Warburton ("Seinfeld" character David Puddy), and Larry Miller (who plays the title character on the "Seinfeld" episode "The Doorman"). Coincidentally, NBC was host to the broadcast television premiere of the film on November 27, 2010.
Plot.
Barry B. Benson (Jerry Seinfeld) is "just an ordinary bee" in a hive in Sheep Meadow, Central Park in New York City. Barry recently graduated from college and is about to enter the hive's Honex Industries (a division of Honesco Corporation and owned by the Hexagon Group) honey-making workforce. With his best friend Adam Flayman (Matthew Broderick), Barry is initially very excited, but his latent, non-conformist attitude emerges upon finding out that his choice of job will never change once picked. This prompts Barry to leave the hive and see the world on a daily run with the macho, elite "Pollen Jocks", though Adam tries to talk Barry out of it. He thoroughly enjoys his new freedom, and is impressed by the process of nectar collection and pollination, but after being stuck to a tennis ball during a game and flying through a panicking family's car he decides humans are crazy and that he should go home. Unfortunately, it begins to rain and he crash lands on a windowsill. The apartment's occupants, the same couple who hit Barry with the tennis ball, have just come home and they close the window before Barry can escape. After freaking out the people inside and nearly being squashed, he is rescued by a florist named Vanessa Bloome (Renée Zellweger) and gently put back outside. This unexpected act of kindness intrigues Barry, who goes back in to thank the woman even though doing so violates Bee Law #1, "Don't talk to humans". Against both of their expectations, they develop an instant bond, bordering on attraction, and start hanging out together frequently. Of course, all of their friends and family are upset by this relationship.
While they are going through a grocery store, Barry is shocked to discover that the humans have been stealing and eating the bees' honey for centuries and decides to journey to Honey Farms, which supplies the grocery store with its honey. On the Honey Farms truck, he meets a mosquito named Mooseblood (Chris Rock). A windshield wiper flings the two in a tube and Barry tells Mooseblood about Honey Farms while Mooseblood tells him about how humans have always swatted mosquitoes. Mooseblood departs when he sees a Blood Mobile pass by, while Barry goes on to witness the artificial process by which the honey is gathered. He ultimately realizes that his true calling in life is to set the world right by suing the human race for stealing their precious honey. This is later shown on "Hive at Five's" especially on "Bee Larry King" starring a bee version of Larry King. The trial initially goes well, until the defense lawyer, Layton Montgomery (John Goodman), accuses Barry of several things which are insulting to the bees (having a pet-like relationship with Vanessa, being an illegitimate son, since all bees are sons of the queen bee, and having incestuous flirtings with the female bees, since all bees are siblings) to show the less-lovable side of bees. This goads Adam to sting him, endangering his life. Barry counters by producing the smoke-machine used by Honey Farms to drug and subdue their bees. Adam is sent to the hospital, and is hooked to honey through I.V. His stinger is replaced with a pirate sword toothpick, and it turns out he is going to be fine.
Barry wins the lawsuit, and all honey in the world is confiscated and returned to the bees. However, Montgomery warns them they are disrupting nature's balance meaning that the bees quit their jobs. Adam comments to Vanessa that it might be true since bees had been living their previous lives over 27 million years. However it is too late, as Barry and Vanessa realize that the others were right. The sudden, massive stockpile of honey has put every bee out of a job, including the vitally important Pollen Jocks. Without bees pollinating the flowers, all plant life begins dying with the entire food chain close behind. To set things right, he and Vanessa find a way to save all the flowers by going to the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena, California and bringing back with them all the pollen-filled flowers to re-pollinate the world. Barry and Vanessa fly the flowers as luggage on a flight from Los Angeles International Airport to John F. Kennedy International Airport. The flight begins to take a detour due to lightning, and the delay would be fatal to the flowers. Trying to intervene, Barry accidentally knocks out the terrified pilots. Vanessa joins him and tries unsuccessfully to fly the plane. In the meantime, millions of bees have rallied and arrive at the last minute to help them safely land.
Armed with the pollen of the last flowers, Barry and the Pollen Jocks manage to reverse the damage and save the world's flowers, restarting the bees' beloved honey production. Nothing is mentioned about the fate of companies like Honey Farms, though humans and bees are seen treating each other visibly better, and honey is supposed to be "bee approved". Barry becomes a member of the Pollen Jocks while Adam is working as a krelman, helping to pollinate the plants while running a law firm inside Vanessa's flower shop, as well as helping Vanessa, switching the name from "Vanessa's Flowers" to "Vanessa & co: Flowers, Honey, Music, and Legal Advice". As the film closes, his office door reads "Insects at Law". Mooseblood works in his office with him as a lawyer (stating that he is already a bloodsucking parasite and only needed a briefcase), which is shown when Barry is interviewing a cow about the human exploitation of her milk.
Voice cast.
Cast notes.
Megan Mullally originally voiced the Queen of the Hive and had even recorded her lines; but this character was cut from the film. Seinfeld still wanted her to have a part in the movie, so he gave her the role of the Honex Tour Guide. At one point, Uma Thurman, Rebecca Soler, Lisa Kudrow, David Letterman, and Raven-Symoné were all attached to the film, but they dropped out for various reasons.
Marketing.
Trailers.
Two teaser trailers were released for the film that feature Seinfeld dressed in a bee costume, trying to shoot the film in live-action. Eddie Izzard portrays the direction agent, and Steven Spielberg suggests to Seinfeld in the second trailer to just do it as a cartoon. Upon the release of the first trailer, it was announced that three of the live-action teasers would be released in total. In the second trailer, Steven Spielberg is taking a picture of himself and an assistant director, referencing the camera gag Ellen DeGeneres pulled on him during the 79th Academy Awards. After Seinfeld fails to do scenes in live-action, Spielberg suggests Seinfeld that the film can just be made as a cartoon. One of the crew members announce that the film is a cartoon, having the crew leave the stage studio. The trailer finally shows the movie as an animated CGI feature. Also in the second trailer, the bear that jumps out at Barry is Vincent the Bear from "Over the Hedge", another DreamWorks Animation SKG movie.
The third trailer was released with "Shrek the Third", but this was an animated teaser. The fourth trailer was released on the "Bee Movie" official website, and revealed most of the film's plot. In addition, two weeks before the release, NBC aired 22 behind-the-scenes skits called "Bee Movie TV Juniors," all of which are staged and tongue-in-cheek in nature. The popular internet site Gaia Online featured a great deal of promotional material for the film.
Books.
Ten books were released for the film: Bee Movie: The Story Book, Bee Movie: The Honey Disaster, The Art of Bee Movie, Bee Movie: Deluxe Sound Storybook, Bee Movie (Ultimate Sticker Books), Bee Movie (I Can Find It), Bee Movie: The Junior Novel, Bee Movie: What’s the Buzz?, Bee Movie Mad Libs, and Bee Movie: Bee Meets Girl.
Video game.
A video game titled game titled "Bee Movie Game" was released on October 30, 2007 for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, Wii, PlayStation 2, and Nintendo DS.
Home media.
Bee Movie was released on DVD on March 11, 2008 in both fullscreen and widescreen formats and a 2-disc special edition DVD. The single-disc extras include "Inside The Hive: The Cast of Bee Movie" featurette, "Tech of Bee Movie" featurette, "We Got The Bee" music video, "Meet Barry B. Benson" feature, interactive games, and more. The special edition DVD extras will includes all that, along with a filmmaker commentary, alternate endings, lost scenes with commentary, the live action trailers, and "Jerry's Flight Over Cannes". HD DVD version was cancelled after the demise of HD DVD. Paramount released the movie on Blu-ray Disc on May 20, 2008.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Bee Movie" received mixed reviews from critics. The film holds a 51% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 169 reviews with an average rating of 5.7/10. The site's critical consensus reads: ""Bee Movie" has humorous moments, but its awkward premise and tame delivery render it mostly forgettable." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated a score of 54 based on 34 reviews.
Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "After "Shrek the Third"s flatulence jokes, the return of that Seinfeldian wit brings animation up a level." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying "It's on the easygoing level of "Surf's Up", and a full tick up from, say, "Over the Hedge" or "The Ant Bully". But given the Seinfeld pedigree it's something of a disappointment." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "At its relaxed best, when it's about, well, nothing, the slyly comic Bee Movie is truly beguiling." Desson Thomson of "The Washington Post" said, ""Bee Movie" feels phoned in on every level. The images, usually computer animation's biggest draw, are disappointingly average. And as for the funny stuff, well, that's where you were supposed to come in." A.O. Scott of the "New York Times" gave the film three and a half stars out of four, saying "The most genuinely apian aspect of "Bee Movie" is that it spends a lot of its running time buzzing happily around, sniffing out fresh jokes wherever they may bloom." Claudia Puig gave the film one and a half stars out of four, saying ""Bee Movie" is certainly not low-budget, but it has all the staying power and creative value of a B-movie. The secret life of bees, as told by Seinfeld, is a bore with a capital B." Steven Rea of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the film three stars out of four, saying ""Bee Movie" is not "Shrek", and it is not "Ratatouille" either (by far the standout computer-animated feature of the year). But it has enough buzzing wit and eye-popping animation to win over the kids—and probably more than a few parents, too." Richard Roeper gave the film a positive review, saying "This is a beautifully animated, cleverly executed, warm and funny adventure."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film two out of four stars, saying "All of this material, written by Seinfeld and writers associated with his television series, tries hard, but never really takes off. We learn at the outset of the movie that bees theoretically cannot fly. Unfortunately, in the movie, that applies only to the screenplay. It is really, really, really hard to care much about a platonic romantic relationship between Renee Zellweger and a bee, although if anyone could pull if off, she could." Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "The vibe is loose-limbed and fluky, and the gags have an extra snap that's recognizably Seinfeldian. If I believed in a sitcom afterlife, I'd swear the whole thing was cooked up by Kramer and George's dad." Jack Mathews of the "New York Daily News" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Watching this pun-filled cartoon is like falling into a tray of children's watercolors—the warm end, where oranges and yellows and ambers wave." Stephen Whitty of the "Newark Star-Ledger" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying "The movie has some pretty pictures and a few good jokes, but not nearly enough. And the story suffers from sitcom attention-deficit disorder, veering off in a new direction every half-hour or so." David Botti of "Newsweek" said, "What I like about "Bee Movie" is its comfy, off-the-cuff charm: unlike a lot of animated family entertainment, it's not all Thwack Smash Kaboom." Moira MacDonald of "The Seattle Times" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying ""Bee Movie" doesn't touch the bar raised so high by Pixar, but it creates a little buzz of its own." Peter Howell of the "Toronto Star" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying ""Bee Movie" is a cute movie. Not that there's anything ... well, you know the rest. But cute is not what adults expect from Jerry Seinfeld, although children will be delighted."
Box office.
The film opened in second place to "American Gangster", but its gross of $38,021,044 had it more in line with the studios' lowest-grossing features, such as "Shark Tale". The film had an average of $9,679 from 3,928 theaters. In its second weekend, the film held well with a 33% drop to $25,565,462 and claiming the top spot, resulting in a $6,482 average from expanding to 3,944 theaters. Its widest release was 3,984 theaters, and closed on February 14, 2008 after 104 days of release, grossing $126,631,277 domestically along with an additional $160,963,300 overseas for a worldwide total of $287,594,577. Produced on a $150 million budget, the film was a moderate box office success worldwide, but was not successful in the United States and is DreamWorks Animation's third lowest-grossing computer-animated film to date. It was #3 in the UK Box office (behind "Enchanted" and "The Golden Compass").
Awards and nominations.
"Bee Movie" was nominated for Best Animated Feature Film at the 65th Golden Globe Awards.
Barry B. Benson was the announcer for Best Animated Short on the Oscars for 2008. But beforehand, he showed the audience some of his "prior" roles, including every bee in the swarm in "The Swarm".
Lawsuits.
Beebylon vs. DreamWorks.
"Bee Movie" is alleged to be similar to a concept developed in 2000 by a team of Swedish animation students, which they claim was presented to DreamWorks in 2001 under the name "Beebylon". The animation students say DreamWorks rejected the idea, on the basis of it being "too childish." When "Bee Movie" was announced in 2003, the students claim they once again contacted DreamWorks to make sure the movie was not similar to their original concept, and was given a reassuring answer. When one of the members of the "Beebylon" team saw a trailer of the movie in 2007, he found it to be extremely similar and attempted to find a U.S. lawyer who could represent them. Jerry Seinfeld rejected the plagiarism claims during his PR tour for "Bee Movie" in Sweden. "I'm doing my best not to laugh and I'm taking it as serious as I can. But it's a little bit hard. It is entirely possible that somebody else came up with an idea about making a movie about bees. I knew nothing of this until this very morning and I hope they are not too upset."
Beeceuticals vs. DreamWorks.
A Florida-based cosmetics company called Beeceuticals filed a lawsuit over the use of their trademarked phrase "Give Bees a Chance". The suit between the parties was settled out of court.

</doc>
<doc id="2863335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863335" title="Tharavad">
Tharavad

Tharavad is a system of joint family practised by people in Kerala, especially Nairs, Tharakans and Thiyyas. Tharavadu was a legal entity like a Hindu Undivided Family as per Indian Income Tax laws, and was entitled to own properties. The others, like Ezhavas, Christians and Muslims also now refer to their ancestral home as Tharavadu. However the Nairs system was very different and was an integral part of their joint-family lifestyle in the bygone era. There was a very complex system of relationships amongst tharavads, which were based on the matriarchal and marriage relationships. The key to a Nair Tharavad was a very prominent temple for forefathers and Serpent Groves.
Naming scheme.
Each Nair Tharavad has a unique name. As joint families grew and established independent settlements, the Shakhas (branches) modified the names in such a way that the main Tharavad names are identifiable, yet the Shakha (or "Thavazhi", i.e. "Thay Vazhi" which means "Through Mother") had a distinct name.
For communities like Nairs the "Tharavad name" is identified through the mother's house, but in some other communities like Namboothiris the names are identified by their fathers' "Tharavad".
Social structure and rituals.
Some Tharavadus were the protectors and rulers of the "Desham" (region) that they were in and a reporting relationship emerged to a "Naadu Vaazhi" (Ruler of the land). Naadu is a group of Deshams. Since the tharavad had a name of its own, it invested the members with a sense of responsibility to conduct themselves in a manner befitting the traditions.
The Tharavad was administered by a Karnavar, the senior most male member of the family, who would be the eldest maternal uncle of the family. The members of the Tharavad consisted of mother, daughters, sons, sisters and brothers. The fathers and husbands had only a minimal role to play in the affairs of the Tharavad. It was a true matrilineal affair. The Karanavar took all major decisions, however, the consent of the eldest female member of the family was obtained before implementing the decisions. This eldest female member would be his maternal grandmother, own mother, mother's sister, his own sister or a sister through his maternal lineage. Since the lineage was through the female members, the birth of a daughter was always welcomed.
A fresh water pond (Kulam) was an essential requirement for the Tharavad for bathing purposes. Daily baths were a must for all. Also, there were many rituals which needed ceremonial bathing.
Religious traditions.
Each "tharavad" also has a Para Devatha (clan deity) revered by those in the particular "tharavad". Temples were built to honour these deities. A "Kalarideivam/devatha" or deity presiding over the practice of Kalarippayattu (martial art form in Kerala) was also honoured.
Every Tharavad had a Sarpa Kavu (Sacred Grove for Serpents) for the worship of serpent deities. Annual rituals and feasts were ceremonially conducted at the Sarpa Kavus.
Architecture.
Many Tharavad houses were grand and unique in style and architecture, and many tharavads owned temples, schools, other buildings and vast expanses of land. One peculiarity of Nair tharavad in the past was that they were built always quite deep into the landed property owned by the tharavad and almost in the middle of the main property, never at the edges, mainly for security and military strategy reasons. However as the families grew bigger and more homes were built, in recent times, things have changed.
The Tharavadu house had a unique Kerala style architecture with an inner courtyard or many inner courtyards enclosed within the several large buildings built in the traditional Kerala style, including wells.
A house with one courtyard is a "Naalukettu", one with two is an "Ettukettu", and one with four courtyards is a "Pathinarukettu".
There were specific locations for prayer places, kitchens, storage for grains, living places for women and men - both married and unmarried - in the Tharavad building complex. A NaaluKettu had four sectional buildings, Thekkini (Southern Section), Kizhakkini (Eastern Section), Vadakkini (Northern Section), and Padinjattini (Western Section), around a single inner courtyard. The Thekkini was the abode of the Karnavar. The Vadakkini was for the kitchen and for women. The Padinjattini consisted of bedrooms for the married women. There was a separate Uralppura (Building for Mortar) for rice meshing. This same room was used for separation of women during their menstrual periods.
Tharavads of occupational groups.
Many occupational groups had their own Tharavads associated with the Naaduvazhi centres. These Tharavdus were centres for imparting various vocational knowledges. These Tharavadus also hosted "Bhagavathi" temples where the Karnavar officiated all the religious ceremonies.
Deterioraton of Tharavadu system.
The socio-cultural changes which accompanied industrialization, modernization and political awakening had its toll on many old institutions.
The matrilineal communities had to change with times. Maternal uncles started caring for their own children instead of their nephews and nieces. Fathers took charge of their sons and daughters and the husband and wife started living together with their offspring.
Social reforms spread with modern education. Partition of Tharavadus for individual share (Ohari Bhaagam) happened due to enactments. Tharavadus crumbled. The matrilineal system disintegrated.
The change occurred within a span of 25 years and by the 1940s the Tharavadu system of living became a thing of the past. Big Naalukettu and Ettukettu structures began to collapse or were sold off.

</doc>
<doc id="2863340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863340" title="WCHC">
WCHC

WCHC (88.1 FM) is the student-run radio station of College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, MA, its city of license and broadcasts at a frequency of 88.1 MHz.
WCHC's official slogan is: "Worcester's Only Alternative Source"
The station is operated by mainly student DJs who play a wide variety of music, from rock to classical and modern, including talk shows about sports, politics, and modern events. 
Sports.
All home games and a handful of away games of Holy Cross' Crusader sporting events, namely football, basketball, and ice hockey, are broadcast live on WCHC.
History.
WCHC began operation on December 6, 1948, as a closed-circuit station, limited to the Holy Cross campus, available at 640 AM. The College started the station as a student activity under the guidance of (Rev.) John Kelly, S.J., who often broadcast from the studios himself as "Father Pseudo".
By the 1970s WCHC had begun broadcasting as a 10-watt FM station at the frequency 89.1.
By the 1990s WCHC moved to 88.1 FM to allow broadcasting at 100 watts.
On December 6, 2008, WCHC-FM celebrated its 60th Anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="2863342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863342" title="Athabasca Pass">
Athabasca Pass

Athabasca Pass (el. ) is a high mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies. It is the headwaters of the Whirlpool River, a tributary of the Athabasca River.
In fur-trade days it connected Jasper House on the Athabasca River with Boat Encampment on the Columbia River.
The pass lies between Mount Brown and McGillivray Ridge. It is south of Yellowhead Pass and north of Howse Pass.
Since the first documented crossing by David Thompson and his Native American guide in 1811, the pass became a major point on the fur trade route between Rupert's Land and the Columbia District, used by the York Factory Express. The pass was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="2863353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863353" title="TKL">
TKL

TKL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863354" title="SJM">
SJM

SJM is an abbreviation of:
in business:
It is also ISO 3166-1 code for Svalbard and Jan Mayen

</doc>
<doc id="2863360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863360" title="Trembling hand perfect equilibrium">
Trembling hand perfect equilibrium

In game theory, trembling hand perfect equilibrium is a refinement of Nash equilibrium due to Reinhard Selten. A trembling hand perfect equilibrium is an equilibrium that takes the possibility of off-the-equilibrium play into account by assuming that the players, through a "slip of the hand" or tremble, may choose unintended strategies, albeit with negligible probability.
Definition.
First we define a perturbed game. A perturbed game is a copy of a base game, with the restriction that only totally mixed strategies are allowed to be played.
A totally mixed strategy is a mixed strategy where "every" pure strategy is played with non-zero probability.
This is the "trembling hands" of the players; they sometimes play a different strategy than the one they intended to play. Then we define a strategy set S (in a base game) as being trembling hand perfect if there is a sequence of perturbed games that converge to the base game in which there is a series of Nash equilibria that converge to S.
Example.
The game represented in the following normal form matrix has two pure strategy Nash equilibria, namely formula_1 and formula_2. However, only formula_3 is trembling-hand perfect.
Assume player 1 is playing a mixed strategy formula_4, for formula_5. Player 2's expected payoff from playing L is:
Player 2's expected payoff from playing the strategy R is:
For small values of formula_8, player 2 maximizes his expected payoff by placing a minimal weight on R and maximal weight on L. By symmetry, player 1 should place a minimal weight on D if player 2 is playing the mixed strategy formula_4. Hence formula_3 is trembling-hand perfect.
However, similar analysis fails for the strategy profile formula_11.
Assume player 2 is playing a mixed strategy formula_12. Player 1's expected payoff from playing U is:
Player 1's expected payoff from playing D is:
For all positive values of formula_8, player 1 maximizes his expected payoff by placing a minimal weight on D and maximal weight on U. Hence formula_11 is not trembling-hand perfect because player 2 (and, by symmetry, player 1) maximizes his expected payoff by deviating most often to L if there is a small chance of error in the behavior of player 1.
Trembling hand perfect equilibria of two-player games.
For two-player games, the set of trembling hand perfect equilibria coincides with the set of admissible equilibria, i.e., equilibria consisting of two undominated strategies. In the example above, we see that the imperfect equilibrium <D,R> is not admissible, as L (weakly) dominates R for Player 2.
Trembling hand perfect equilibria of extensive form games.
There are two possible ways of extending the definition of trembling hand perfection to extensive form games.
The notions of normal-form and extensive-form trembling hand perfect equilibria are incomparable, i.e., an equilibrium of an extensive-form game may be normal-form trembling hand perfect but not extensive-form trembling hand perfect and vice versa.
As an extreme example of this, Jean-François Mertens has given an example of a two-player extensive form game where no extensive-form trembling hand perfect equilibrium is admissible, i.e., the sets of extensive-form and normal-form trembling hand perfect equilibria for this game are disjoint.
An extensive-form trembling hand perfect equilibrium is also a sequential equilibrium. A normal-form trembling hand perfect equilibrium of an extensive form game may be sequential but is not necessarily so. In fact, a normal-form trembling hand perfect equilibrium does not even have to be subgame perfect.

</doc>
<doc id="2863367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863367" title="The Practice of Programming">
The Practice of Programming

The Practice of Programming (ISBN 0-201-61586-X) by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike is a 1999 book about computer programming and software engineering, published by Addison-Wesley.
According to the preface, the book is about "topics like testing, debugging, portability, performance, design alternatives, and style," which, according to the authors, "are not usually the focus of computer science or programming courses". It treats these topics in case studies, featuring implementations in several programming languages (mostly C, but also C++, AWK, Perl and Tcl).
"The Practice of Programming" has been translated into twelve languages.

</doc>
<doc id="2863371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863371" title="Ragheb Aga">
Ragheb Aga

Ragheb Gul Aga (born 10 July 1984) is a Kenyan cricketer and allrounder who has played for Sussex and Kenya. He became Kenya's third captain in two months in October and November 2004 in Sharjah in place of Hitesh Modi. In 2008, having acquired a British passport, Aga signed a one-year deal to play County cricket for Sussex, having played List A cricket for the county during the 2007 season. He was however surprisingly recalled to the Kenya side in 2008. Aga spent a further two seasons at Sussex, finally being released by the county at the end of the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2863379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863379" title="Bang! Racing">
Bang! Racing

Bang! Racing is a former NASCAR team. It was owned by entrepreneur Alex Meshkin, as well as Larry McReynolds and fielded entries in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series. It only ran one season, in 2004.
Meshkin started the operation in 2003, and it made its debut at Daytona International Speedway the following season. Its two drivers were Travis Kvapil in the #24 Line-X Truck and Mike Skinner in the #42 Truck. Kvapil finished second in the race, while Skinner finished 28th due to a crash. From then on, Bang! lived up to its namesake, with Kvapil racking up two victories, including the first NASCAR win for a Toyota at Michigan, and an eighth place finish in points, and Skinner, despite not winning a race, had two poles and an eleventh place finish in the championship hunt. What drove the team even further was Meshkin's salesmanship abilities, as he recruited major sponsors and investors to throw money at his growing operation, which they did, as companies such as Line-X and Ebay jumped on board as sponsors. It wasn't long before Meshkin set his sites on moving his operation up to the higher levels of NASCAR. He announced he would field the #82 Dodge in the Busch Series in 2005, with Kvapil at the wheel, and possibly expand into the Nextel Cup Series that same year, with NetZero sponsoring the #28 Dodge driven by Ward Burton.
However, trouble soon began brewing within the organization. Despite the team's richoted success, money was tight, and McReynolds and other partners began growing suspicious of Meshkin. Meshkin continued to insist that all is well. But after the season, several key executives at Bang resigned including President Edward DuCoin, and in early 2005, Bang let all of its help go and closed down its shop.

</doc>
<doc id="2863394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863394" title="Bipont Editions">
Bipont Editions

Bipont Editions, the name of a famous series of editions, in 50 volumes, of Greek and Latin classical authors, so called from Bipontium, the modern Latin name of Zweibrücken or DeuxPonts in Bavaria, where they were first issued in 1779. Their place of publication was afterwards transferred to Strasbourg.
See Butters, "Uber die Editiones Bipontinae" (1877).

</doc>
<doc id="2863407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863407" title="Alex Brown (American football)">
Alex Brown (American football)

Alex James Brown (born June 4, 1979) is a former American college and professional football player who was a defensive end in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons. He played college football for the University of Florida, and was a two-time All-American. The Chicago Bears picked Brown in the fourth round of the 2002 NFL Draft, and he played professionally for the Bears and New Orleans Saints of the NFL.
Early years.
Brown was born in Jasper, Florida in 1979. He attended Hamilton County High School in Jasper, and played high school football for the Hamilton County Trojans. As the Trojans' senior quarterback in 1996, Brown threw for 863 yards and four touchdowns, and rushed for 767 yards and eighteen touchdowns; as a starting linebacker, he also compiled 117 total tackles (with seven tackles for loss), five blocked passes, four fumble recoveries, two forced fumbles and two blocked field goals. He was honored as a Florida Class 3A all-state selection and a National Recruiting Adviser and SuperPrep high school All-American. Brown was also a standout basketball player and track and field athlete, and was the state champion discus thrower in 1996.
College career.
Brown accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played for coach Steve Spurrier's Florida Gators football team from 1998 to 2001. The Gators coaching staff decided to red-shirt him as a true freshman in 1997. He saw action at outside linebacker in 1998, recording ten tackles with two sacks and three tackles for a loss as the backup to All-American starter Jevon Kearse.
As a sophomore starter in 1999, Brown recorded fifty-six tackles with 7.5 sacks and twelve tackles for a loss. Arguably, he played his best college game on September 18, 1999, when he sacked quarterback Tee Martin five times in the Gators' 23–21 upset of the second-ranked Tennessee Volunteers. He was honored as first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and first-team All-American by the Walter Camp Foundation and "Football News", and was one of the twelve semi-finalists for the Lombardi Award.
During the Gators' 2000 SEC championship season, Brown was a team captain and started every game at right defensive end, recording fifty tackles with 10.5 sacks, fourteen tackles for a loss and four blocked passes, while forcing a fumble and blocking three kicks. Brown was a first-team All-SEC selection, a second-team All-American, and was once again one of the twelve semi-finalists for the Lombardi Award.
As a senior in 2001, Brown recorded forty-five tackles and a career-best thirteen sacks. He was a first-team All-SEC selection, and was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American, after receiving first-team honors from a majority of All-American selector organizations. He was also the 2001 SEC Defensive Player of the Year, one of the four finalists for the Lombardi Award, and one of five finalists of the Bronko Nagurski Trophy.
During his four-year college career, Brown totaled 161 tackles with forty-seven tackles for a loss (sixth-best career total in Gators history), and set the Gators' current career record of thirty-three quarterback sacks. He was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" on April 6, 2012.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears.
The Chicago Bears selected Brown in the fourth round (104th pick overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft, and he played for the Bears from to . As a rookie, he started nine of the fifteen games in which he played at right defensive end and logged 2.5 quarterback sacks. He also totaled 40 tackles (31 unassisted) and three passes broken up, while also contributing on special teams coverage. During the season, his first as a full-time starter, he led the Bears with 5.5 sacks, with a career-high fifty-eight tackles (forty-nine solos), and six tackles for losses while forcing two fumbles and recovering a fumble.
He started at right defensive end for all sixteen regular season games in , and compiling six sacks and fifty tackles, with eleven tackles for a loss and nine passes defensed. In a game against the New York Giants on November 7, 2004, Brown recorded a career-high four sacks to go along with eight tackles, including six solos stops. He also forced a fumble and batted down a pass at the line of scrimmage. For his efforts, Brown was named the NFL Defensive Player of the Week by "Pro Football Weekly".
Brown was a first-alternate for the Pro Bowl after recording 75 tackles (nine for a loss) and six sacks, eight broken up passes and three forced fumbles during the season. "Sports Illustrated" selected him for its All-Pro Team. He was named NFC Defensive Player of the Week following the game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on November 27, 2005. In 2006, he was selected as a second-alternate for the Pro Bowl after recording a career-high seven sacks and two interceptions while making forty-six tackles, three forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and two passes broken up while starting all sixteen games at right defensive end.
In Brown tied for the team lead with five passes broken up, tied for second with five tackles for a loss and two fumble recoveries and tied for third with two forced fumbles, after playing in all sixteen games (two starts) for the fifth straight year, extending his consecutive games played streak to a team-high ninety-five contests. He ranked second on the defensive line with fifty-eight tackles and added five quarterback hits, 4.5 sacks, one interception, two forced fumbles and a blocked kick.
On December 22, 2008 Brown deflected a field goal attempt by Packers kicker Mason Crosby in the final twenty-five seconds of the fourth quarter to set up the game-winning field goal for the Bears in a 20–17 overtime victory over the Green Bay Packers. In the second game of the season, the Bears upset the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers 17–14, and Brown recorded two key sacks of Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger. Brown was later carted off the field with four minutes left in the game with a sprained ankle.
After the 2009 season, the Bears released Brown on April 1, 2010, after failing to trade him to another team.
New Orleans Saints.
On April 7, 2010, the New Orleans Saints signed Brown to a two-year contract. He played his final NFL season for the Saints in , starting in all sixteen games at left defensive end. The Saints released him on August 30, 2011, after one season with the team.
Retirement.
On August 9, 2012, Brown signed a one-day contract with the Bears to officially retire with the team. With the Bears, his 43½ sacks rank fourth in team history, and his five interceptions rank second behind Richard Dent among Bears defensive ends.
In his nine-season NFL career, Brown played in 143 regular season games, started 123 of them, and compiled 411 tackles, 43.5 quarterback sacks, forty-three deflected passes, seventeen forced fumbles with twelve recovered, and five interceptions.
Life after football.
Brown currently works in the business development for Coyote Logistics.
Brown, former Chicago Bears teammate Desmond Clark, and "non-descript white guy" Ryan Steele currently host the "Dez Clark & Alex Brown Show" sports radio talk show in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="2863415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863415" title="Mau Heymans">
Mau Heymans

Mau Heymans (born April 14, 1961, Veldhoven) is one of the most productive and popular Dutch Disney comics artists and writers. He started his career in 1987. He is primarily an illustrator, but is also writing some stories with Kirsten de Graaf. Heyman does Scrooge McDuck universe comics for the publisher Oberon. His style is Barks-inspired, with long necks and beaks on the ducks. Mau's older brother, Bas, is also a Disney comics artist, and the brothers have styles very similar to each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2863421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863421" title="CEY">
CEY

CEY may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863422" title="Carl Roepke">
Carl Roepke

Carl Roepke was a member of the USA Luge Team from 1983 to 1988. Roepke is the 2008 and 2009 U.S. Luge National Masters Champion.
He became a commentator for the Olympics in 2002, 2004 and 2006. He helped develop the public tour program at the Utah Olympic Park in Park City, Utah (site of the 2002 Winter Olympics ski events) and works there as a host. He also is a commentator for the Miller Motor Sports Park in Tooele, Utah. His wife, Michelle Gleich, collaborates with him on Olympic commentary of bobsled, luge, and skeleton.

</doc>
<doc id="2863426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863426" title="Keihan Keishin Line">
Keihan Keishin Line

The is an interurban railway line of Keihan Electric Railway. 
The 7.5 km line starts from Misasagi Station in Kyoto and ends at Hamaōtsu Station in neighbouring city of Ōtsu.
History.
The line was built in 1912 to connect directly between the city centers of Kyoto and Ōtsu by electric streetcars because the steam-powered Tōkaidō Main Line made a great detour between the two cities before its reroute in 1921.
The busiest section of the line, between Keishin-Sanjō Station and Misasagi Station, was replaced in 1997 by the Kyoto Subway Tōzai Line.
One of the aims of the substitution was to move the tracks underground, in order to give more lanes to road vehicles.
Consequently trains go direct to the Tōzai Line. The line still operates on street tracks in Ōtsu.
Train service.
Except trains between Shinomiya Station and Hamaōtsu Station in early morning and late night, all trains go directly from Hamaōtsu Station to Kyoto Shiyakusho-mae Station or Uzumasa Tenjingawa Station on the Kyoto Subway Tōzai Line.
During off peak hours, the line operates four services an hour.
Stations and connecting lines.
Abandoned section.
The station list is as of 1997 when the section was abandoned due to replacement by the Tōzai Line subway. It also lists the corresponding subway stations that replaced the Keishin Line stations.
Rolling stock.
Series 800, four-car EMU serves exclusively this line.

</doc>
<doc id="2863429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863429" title="Muruga Booker">
Muruga Booker

Muruga Booker (born December 27, 1942) is an American drummer, composer, recording artist, and uncanonical Greek Orthodox priest.
Biography.
Booker was born Steven Bookvich in Detroit, Michigan on December 27, 1942 at Highland Park General, and is of Serbian decent. His father, Melvin Bookvich, was a shoemaker who played accordion. He has a wife, Shakti; a daughter, Rani; and a son, Aaron, from a previous marriage. Booker and his family moved back to the Detroit area from Oakland, California in 2000 and currently lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Musical career.
Booker first played the accordion before taking up drums as a pre-teen. He studied drums under Misha Vishkov, a Russian music teacher. He first professionally played drums with "The Low Rocks" in Detroit as Steve Booker. Under that name he also achieved local recognition playing with the "Thunder Rocks" and The Spike Drivers, and was known for his long, driving drum solos. He shared the bill at venues like Detroit's Eastown Theatre and Grande Ballroom with Ted Nugent (2/23/70), Traffic (6/5/70 & 6/6/70), Jack Bruce (2/13/70 & 2/14/70), and others.
At the first Woodstock Festival, where he played drums with Tim Hardin, along with then-partner Richard Bach he met Swami Satchidananda who invited him to visit him at the Integral Yoga Institute in New York, where he gave him the name Muruga. In 1973 - 1974, he performed with Weather Report and appeared on their albums "Sweetnighter" and "Mysterious Traveller". In the late 1970s and early 1980s Booker lived in New York and played with David Peel on "King of Punk" and "Death to Disco" and Peel's Underground Comeback Hit "Junk Rock" (Muruga introduced his "Electric Talking Drum" on this song, production was by Sherwin Winick), then moved back to Detroit in 1980 where he connected with funk legend George Clinton and became an official P-Funk All-Star. His band at that time, Muruga and the Soda Jerks, recorded several albums produced by George Clinton.
In mid-1985 he moved to Oakland, California and formed the band Muruga UFM, which included Big Brother and the Holding Company guitarist James Gurley. In 1990, after performing with Prem Das on the classic drum meditation album "Journey of the Drum", he joined Merl Saunders and formed Merl Saunders and the Rainforest Band with Jerry Garcia, performing with them on the Grammy-nominated album "Blues From the Rainforest".
In 2000 Booker formed the band Muruga and The Global Village Ceremonial Band, which released the CD "One Global Village", featuring P-Funk vocalist Belita Woods and jazz clarinetist Perry Robinson. They played at several festivals including the Starwood Festival, Rhythm Fest 1 with Mickey Hart, and Rhythm Fest 2 with Airto Moreira. In 2002 his recording company Musart and the Association for Consciousness Exploration co-hosted the SpiritDrum Festival, a tribute to Babatunde Olatunji, also featuring Sikiru Adepoju, Badal Roy, Jeff Rosenbaum, Halim El-Dabh, Perry Robinson, and Jim Donovan of Rusted Root. Since 2003 he has also been playing and recording with jazz saxophonist Mark Hershberger, and Richard Smith as the Global Jazz Trio and Mark Hershberger's expanded five piece group as the Global Jazz Project. In 2004, with most of the same musicians as Muruga & GVCB, Muruga formed the band Free Funk (also featuring Trey Lewd, and Louie Kabbabie), which plays mostly in the Detroit area. Booker continues to work with George Clinton and play with the P-Funk All Stars whenever they performed in California, and occasionally elsewhere. He also plays and records with the brother/sister duo The White Ravens. His most recent project is Muruga Booker & the Cosmic Hoedown Band, featuring him (drums & guitar), Shakti Booker (vocals & drums), Parliament Funkadelic member Tony "Strat" Thomas (guitar), Benjamin Piner (bass), Douglas Weaver (bass) and Ralph Koziarski (woodwinds, brass & percussion).
In 2012 Muruga won a Detroit Music Award for "Outstanding World Music Instrumentalist".
Recording history highlights.
Through the 1960s, as Steve Booker, he recorded with Jim and Jean on "Changes" in 1964, and on "People World" in 1966. He appeared on the Paul Winter Consort's "Something in the Wind" in 1968, and recorded a meditation record with Swami Satchidananda in 1969. During the 1970s he recorded with Darius Brubeck, Gunter Hampel, Al Kooper, Ursa Major, and with Weather Report on their albums "Sweetnighter" in 1973 and "Mysterious Traveler" in 1974. Muruga's band, Muruga and the Soda Jerks, were produced by George Clinton, and he recorded with George Clinton, Funkadelic, Bootsy Collins, and the P-Funk All Stars on the following records:
In mid-1985 his band Muruga UFM recorded "Terroristic Activities" 1990 and "Rock the Planet" 1993. In 1990 he, his wife Shakti, and Prem Das recorded the long-selling "Journey of the Drums", a pioneering drum album. That same year, Booker joined Merl Saunders and Jerry Garcia to record the Grammy-nominated album (and subsequent DVD) "Blues From the Rainforest", and their live CDs "Save the Planet So We'll Have Someplace to Boogy" (1992) and "Fiesta Amazonica" (1998). He also joined Babatunde Olatunji and Sikiru Adepoju to record the CD "Cosmic Rhythm Vibrations" 1993, which was later remixed and distributed on Chesky Records as "Circle of Drums" in 2005. With his Detroit-based band Free Funk, he recorded the self-titled colored vinyl LP titled "Free Funk" in 2005 which was released by Qbico Records. This band released the album "OrthoFunkOlogy" in 2008. Since then he has released several albums on his label Musart, including collaborations with many jazz, funk and World Music artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2863436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863436" title="CUR">
CUR

A cur is a type of dog. CUR refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863437" title="Redesdale">
Redesdale

Redesdale is a valley in the western part of the county of Northumberland, in northeast England. This area contains the valley of the River Rede, a tributary of the North Tyne River. Redesdale includes the settlements of Elsdon, Otterburn, Rochester, Byrness and Carter Bar.
Historically this valley has served as an important route into Scotland. The area has seen conflict since the time of the Roman Empire. In 1388, Otterburn was the site of a historic battle (Battle of Otterburn) between armies from the kingdoms of England and Scotland, largely fought by moonlight. During the Middle Ages, Elsdon was the economic centre of the area: it served as the market town and as the gathering place for the local graynes (extended Border families). In modern times, the village of Otterburn now holds that distinction. The A68 road follows the Rede valley on its way north into Scotland.
A portion of Redesdale to the west and north of Otterburn now forms part of Northumberland National Park and includes the Redesdale Forest, the northernmost part of Kielder Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="2863439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863439" title="Ian Fishback">
Ian Fishback

Ian Fishback is a United States Army officer, who became known after he sent a letter to Senator John McCain of Arizona on September 16, 2005, in which Fishback stated his concerns about the continued abuse of prisoners held under the auspices of the Global War on Terror.
McCain, along with Republican Senators John Warner and Lindsey Graham afterward wrote an amendment to a Senate bill which would make illegal previous Bush administration claims for the use of extreme methods of abuse.
Fishback is a graduate of West Point currently holding the rank of Major in the U.S. Army Special Forces. 
He served four combat tours in the US Army, one in Afghanistan and three in Iraq.
Fishback was chosen by TIME magazine as one of the 100 most influential people in the world on May 8, 2006 for taking the stand against torture.
In May 2012, Fishback received an M.A. in Philosophy and an M.A. in Political Science from the University of Michigan, writing theses for both on just war theory.
He currently serves as an Instructor at West Point.
Letter to McCain.
Fishback expressed concern about what he perceived as a military culture that was permissive toward the abuse of prisoners. 
"Dear Senator McCain:
"While I served in the Global War on Terror, the actions and statements of my leadership led me to believe that United States policy did not require application of the Geneva Conventions in Afghanistan or Iraq. On 7 May 2004, Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld's testimony that the United States followed the Geneva Conventions in Iraq and the "spirit" of the Geneva Conventions in Afghanistan prompted me to begin an approach for clarification. For 17 months, I tried to determine what specific standards governed the treatment of detainees by consulting my chain of command through battalion commander, multiple JAG lawyers, multiple Democrat and Republican Congressmen and their aides, the Ft. Bragg Inspector General's office, multiple government reports, the Secretary of the Army and multiple general officers, a professional interrogator at Guantanamo Bay, the deputy head of the department at West Point responsible for teaching Just War Theory and Law of Land Warfare, and numerous peers who I regard as honorable and intelligent men.
"Instead of resolving my concerns, the approach for clarification process leaves me deeply troubled. Despite my efforts, I have been unable to get clear, consistent answers from my leadership about what constitutes lawful and humane treatment of detainees. I am certain that this confusion contributed to a wide range of abuses including death threats, beatings, broken bones, murder, exposure to elements, extreme forced physical exertion, hostage-taking, stripping, sleep deprivation and degrading treatment. I and troops under my command witnessed some of these abuses in both Afghanistan and Iraq.
"This is a tragedy. I can remember, as a cadet at West Point, resolving to ensure that my men would never commit a dishonorable act; that I would protect them from that type of burden. It absolutely breaks my heart that I have failed some of them in this regard.
"That is in the past and there is nothing we can do about it now. But, we can learn from our mistakes and ensure that this does not happen again. Take a major step in that direction; eliminate the confusion. My approach for clarification provides clear evidence that confusion over standards was a major contributor to the prisoner abuse. We owe our soldiers better than this. Give them a clear standard that is in accordance with the bedrock principles of our nation.
"Some do not see the need for this work. Some argue that since our actions are not as horrifying as Al Qaeda's, we should not be concerned. When did Al Qaeda become any type of standard by which we measure the morality of the United States? We are America, and our actions should be held to a higher standard, the ideals expressed in documents such as the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.
"Others argue that clear standards will limit the President's ability to wage the War on Terror. Since clear standards only limit interrogation techniques, it is reasonable for me to assume that supporters of this argument desire to use coercion to acquire information from detainees. This is morally inconsistent with the Constitution and justice in war. It is unacceptable.
"Both of these arguments stem from the larger question, the most important question that this generation will answer. Do we sacrifice our ideals in order to preserve security? Terrorism inspires fear and suppresses ideals like freedom and individual rights. Overcoming the fear posed by terrorist threats is a tremendous test of our courage. Will we confront danger and adversity in order to preserve our ideals, or will our courage and commitment to individual rights wither at the prospect of sacrifice? My response is simple. If we abandon our ideals in the face of adversity and aggression, then those ideals were never really in our possession. I would rather die fighting than give up even the smallest part of the idea that is "America."
"Once again, I strongly urge you to do justice to your men and women in uniform. Give them clear standards of conduct that reflect the ideals they risk their lives for.
"With the Utmost Respect, -Capt. Ian Fishback
"1st Battalion,
"504th Parachute Infantry Regiment,
"82nd Airborne Division,
"Fort Bragg, North Carolina

</doc>
<doc id="2863442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863442" title="Liam Forde">
Liam Forde

Liam Forde was an alias used by Séamas Ó Maoiléoin (aka James Malone) (1891 - 1958) of Tyrrellspass, County Westmeath, Ireland when working as a spy for Michael Collins. 
His brother, Thomas, a soldier in East Limerick during the Anglo-Irish War, used the name Sean Forde. 

</doc>
<doc id="2863444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863444" title="The Spike Drivers">
The Spike Drivers

The Spike Drivers was a band from Detroit, Michigan and played from 1965 to 1967.
The Spike Drivers began by working in various coffeehouses and clubs in the Detroit, Michigan folk rock music scene. Their music was rooted in folk, blues, and classical music. The band name was suggested by its vocalist Marycarol Brown, originating from a song about John Henry by Mississippi John Hurt called the Spike Driver Blues. The band shared the stage with performers such as Joni Mitchell and Del Shannon. 
The band traveled to New York City and landed a recording contract with Warner Brothers Reprise Records where they put out two 45's featuring "Strange Mysterious Sounds" with "Break Out The Wine" and "Often I Wonder" with "High Time." The band was showcased at many clubs in the New York area with the high point occurring when they opened for Eric Burdon and the Animals at the Rheingold Central Park Music Festival in 1966.
Ted Lucas and Richard Keelan left the band in 1967 to record as the Misty Wizards. They were replaced in the Spike Drivers by Marshall Rubinoff and Ron Cobb. After both groups dissolved in the '70s, Lucas released a self-titled solo album, Keelan relocated to Canada and performed in the Perth County Conspiracy, and Sid Brown released albums as part of the music collective, Peace, Bread & Land Band, who had four LPs between 1969 and 1978. Former member Steve Booker came to be known as Muruga Booker and still records and performs today.

</doc>
<doc id="2863447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863447" title="Hedva Harechavi">
Hedva Harechavi

Hedva Harekhavi, Israeli poet and artist, was born in 1941 in Degania Bet, one of the oldest kibbutzim in Israel. A graduate of the Bezalel Academy of Art, she has lived in Jerusalem most of her life and has so far published four volumes of poetry. Her most famous poem is "Ani rotsa rak lehagid lakh" - "I just want to tell you," where both the "want" and the "you" are in the feminine case.
Prizes

</doc>
<doc id="2863451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863451" title="Steve Booker">
Steve Booker

Steve Booker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863452" title="Video on Trial">
Video on Trial

Video on Trial is a Canadian comedy television program that airs on Canadian television network MuchMusic. The show consists of a panel of musicians, comedians, and entertainment columnists critiquing five different music videos in a courtroom-esque manner. The panel acts as the jurors, poking fun at and questioning each artist's behaviour in each video. Artists' personal lives and off-set behaviour are usually mocked by the critics in relation to the music video. They are shown in separate clips to use their opinions.
Since its debut on August 15, 2005 the show has become one of the most highly rated and successful shows on MuchMusic, attracting a dedicated cult following and has garnered a Gemini Award nomination.
The show also experienced a brief run on American television, airing on television network Fuse TV from October 2011 to early 2012 before being replaced by another series, "Special Videos Unit: Video on Trial", based upon the same premise as the original Canadian "Video on Trial".
Production.
Videos.
The show's producers usually pick the videos featured on the show. However, they are still required to get clearance from the copyright holders of the video to get the video featured on the show. Only after clearance is given can the video be featured on the show. An episode usually features videos recent at the time of the episode's airing, with at least one of the five videos per episode still being in rotation. Some non-themed episodes feature older videos, though, mostly those from the early 2000s, and popular videos from 1997 to 1999 have been played on rare occasions.
Writing and shooting.
The jurors' jokes serve as the majority of the show's content. These jokes are written by themselves. According to an interview with series regular Trevor Boris, the jurors receive copies of the videos for the episode, and are given a period of time to write jokes and prepare for the shooting of the episode.
On her MySpace blog, juror Sabrina Jalees described the size of the room where the show is in as "the size of a large coffin", and that a laptop with a DVD of the videos is placed in front of the juror as a guide. The five "jurors" usually shoot their scenes separately. However, the show gives the impression that all five jurors shoot the scenes together, with jurors often shown engaging in interactive behavior with each other.
Format.
The show's basic format involves a narrator starting the show by announcing its name, and introducing the five videos set to be "tried", referred to as "cases", as well as the jurors of the episode. Following this introductory sequence, the actual "trials" of the videos begin.
Videos are critiqued, or "tried" separately and consecutively by "case number". A short intermission separates the trials of each video; the show cuts to a commercial break after two videos' trials have been aired.
Each video is critiqued for around 3–4 minutes. Most of the videos featured on the show are generally given bad reviews, though this is to add to the comedic nature of the show. A video's trial ends with selected jurors from the episode giving his/her own verdict to the video's artist, though verdicts are occasionally given to a selected element of a video, such as a person featured in the video.
History.
Elements of the show were introduced, altered, and discontinued throughout its run.
In the format used at the start of the show's run, the jurors' occupations were given, though sometimes fictional. Graphics for this format included CRT televisions and film reels. This format also included opening voiceovers, written by Tim McAuliffe and Ron Sparks, these explained what the video was "accused for", and information for "the jury" to know) and "final verdicts" given to the artists of each video, of relating to them in real-life or their behavior in the video. The nineteenth episode of the third season retained this basic format, but introduced new visuals, giving its graphics a more modern look; for example, at the start of each episode, videos were introduced on flat-screen televisions instead of CRT televisions. This basic format was used until the twenty-first episode of the show's fifth season.
With a re-run of the fifth season's twenty-first episode, the show underwent a major alteration of its format. The verdicts and opening voiceovers previously given to each video were discontinued. Graphics and visuals were once again modernized, to give them a more futuristic feel. The nineteenth episode of the show's seventh season altered the show's graphics and visuals, gaving them a more colourful feel, while retaining the show's second format.
At the start of the ninth season, the series was completely revamped. In addition to the jurors' being replaced by Aisha Alfa and Paul Lemieux, Season 9 uses a new format featuring reoccurring sketches and segments.
Special episodes.
Special themed episodes have also been produced, usually focusing on a specific theme such as a particular decade, one-hit wonders, teen pop, music videos set on beaches, songs by Canadian musicians, and Christmas music ("Holiday Crap"). For example, there have been a series of "Totally '80s" and "So '90s" episodes where songs from those decades are featured.
The first "Video on Trial" special was a MuchMusic "Holiday Wrap" courtroom episode called "Stars on Trial", which starred Sparks as "The Judge" and McAuliffe as "Rusty the Bailiff." Six regular jurors sat together as a jury and artists were put on trial in general, not for particular songs as is normally done on the regular "VOT" show.
In a similar manner to "Fromage", a previous holiday special on the network, a special one-hour long episode aired during December 2008 as part of MuchMusic's "Holiday Wrap" year-end programming, counting down the top 20 "worst" videos of the year. The special has returned for every year since then.
Cast.
Producers.
The show has seen various producers throughout its run.
Source:
Jurors.
The panel of jurors critiquing the videos are randomly selected for each episode; the panel regularly consists of Canadian stand-up comedians. Although some jurors make regular appearances, by contrast, some judges have made just one appearance. Examples of jurors who have made multiple appearances on the show include Marty Adams, Nicole Arbour, Sabrina Jalees, Hunter Collins, Eddie Della Siepe, Trixx, Jemeni, Boomer Phillips, Laurie Elliott, Ron Sparks, Dini Dimakos, Sara Hennessey, Darrin Rose, Andrew Johnston, David Kerr, Debra DiGiovanni, and Trevor Boris; the latter two have been jurors the most times on the show, both appearing in more than 50 episodes of the show.
In some occasions, celebrities in professions as diverse as music, sports, modeling, and acting have appeared on the show, such as "Weird Al" Yankovic, Kardinal Offishall, Jimmy Pop and Jared Hasselhoff of the Bloodhound Gang, Perez Hilton, Russell Peters, Chris Jericho, Pauly Shore, and Jesse Jane. On one occasion, Josh Ramsay of Canadian rock band Marianas Trench appeared as a juror for his own band's video for "Shake Tramp".
Artists featured.
The artists whose videos are critiqued on the show range from diverse genres, such as hip hop, rock, and electronic, but generally videos that have been aired by Much Music.
Many artists have had multiple videos of theirs critiqued; for example, 14 different videos by American singer Madonna were critiqued on the show; one of them was critiqued on 3 separate occasions. An entire episode was also dedicated to critiquing her music videos. Other artists critiqued multiple times include Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Justin Timberlake, Mindless Behavior, Britney Spears, Gwen Stefani, Blink-182, The Killers, Beyoncé, Pink, Christina Aguilera, and My Chemical Romance. 50 Cent reappeared often enough that Trevor Boris jokingly gave him a mock "Lifetime of Sucking Award", and during Nicki Minaj's video for "Va Va Voom", Boris joked that she appeared more times on the show than he did himself, which he did not really like.
Reception, legacy and achievements.
Success and cross into American television.
Debuting quietly in 2005 on Canadian music television network MuchMusic, the show slowly rose to fame, eventually becoming one of the network's highest-rated shows. For the show's first six seasons (and for a few episodes of its seventh season), its broadcast on television was limited to Canada. However, in 2011, American music television Fuse TV successfully obtained rights to air the show.
Fuse started airing "Video on Trial" on October 20, 2011, marking the formal television debut of the show in the United States, as well as the debut of the show anywhere outside of its home country, Canada. The show's American debut started with episodes from the late fifth season of the show. However, in early 2012 Fuse ceased to air episodes of "Video on Trial", opting to instead form a new series based on the show's premise. The outcome of this decision, the similarly-titled "Special Videos Unit: Video on Trial", premiered on March 9, 2012.
Criticism.
There have also been guests who complained about the show's compensation and/or production. Juror Hugh Phukovsky pulled all "Video on Trial" listings from his Myspace page, claiming on his Myspace blog that "gave those fuckers some GOLD!" and that "[they cut it all out with "humourless editing".
On a Kelevision radio broadcast, guests Aaron Berg, Darren Frost and Boomer Phillips discussed the show and its shortcomings (the latter two had appeared as jurors on the show). Frost was especially upset about the show, particularly the small fees that comedian guests were paid; he has never appeared on the show again to date.
Juror Ron Sparks once joked, while pointing to a green screen behind him, "Can you say budget? We can't. We're actually contractually not allowed to bring it up."

</doc>
<doc id="2863456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863456" title="Warm Springs, Nevada">
Warm Springs, Nevada

Warm Springs is an unincorporated community in the Tonopah Basin and Nye County, Nevada, near the mountain pass which divides the Kawich and Hot Creek ranges (at ). It is located at the junction of U.S. Route 6 and State Route 375 (the "Extraterrestrial Highway"), around 40 miles east of Tonopah.
History.
The first settlement in Warm Springs was in 1866, when it served as a stopover for stagecoaches and other travellers. Never more than a tiny settlement, Warm Springs' population dwindled until it became a ghost town. All that remained was a single streetlight, a telephone box, and several huts built over pools filled by the warm springs that give the town its name.
Warm Springs is also the name of a new community in Nevada at a different location, intended to have a final population of 10,000. Construction was completed in 2007. Its ZIP code is 89049.

</doc>
<doc id="2863457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863457" title="Secoisolariciresinol">
Secoisolariciresinol

Secoisolariciresinol is a lignan, a type of phenylpropanoid.

</doc>
<doc id="2863460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863460" title="Artoon">
Artoon

Artoon (株式会社アートゥーン Kabushiki-Gaisha Ātūn) was a computer and video game third-party developer established in 1999. The team was primarily affiliated in the United States with recent and current Microsoft Xbox and Xbox 360 projects, although they had also worked with Hudson Soft and Nintendo on other platforms. Key Artoon personnel include Yoji Ishii, Manabu Kusunoki, Hidetoshi Takeshita, Yutaka Sugano, Masamichi Harada, Takuya Matsumoto and Naoto Ōshima. When the company formed, it drew personnel and talent from several of Sega's development teams, particularly those which worked on "Sonic the Hedgehog" (created by Ōshima), and "Panzer Dragoon". The developer had approximately 85 employees. The company's focus was to create original game content for various consoles. Artoon became defunct when the parent company, AQ Interactive, filed for bankruptcy.
Artoon was situated in Yokohama, Kanagawa prefecture, Japan. A secondary studio was maintained in Naha, Okinawa prefecture, Japan
Artoon along with feelplus and Cavia were all absorbed into parent company, AQ Interactive.

</doc>
<doc id="2863466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863466" title="David Rae, Lord Eskgrove">
David Rae, Lord Eskgrove

Sir David Rae, Lord Eskgrove, 1st Baronet FRSE (1724–1804) was a Scottish advocate and judge.
Life.
He was the son of David Rae of St Andrews, an episcopalian minister, by his wife Agnes, daughter of Sir David Forbes of Newhall. He was educated at the grammar school of Haddington, and at the University of Edinburgh, where he attended the law lectures of John Erskine of Carnock.
He was admitted a member of the Faculty of Advocates on 11 December 1751, and quickly acquired a practice. In 1753 he was retained in an appeal to the House of Lords, which brought him up to London, where he became acquainted with Lord Hardwicke and his son Charles Yorke. He was appointed one of the commissioners for collecting evidence in the Douglas case, and in that capacity accompanied James Burnett to France in September 1764. He was the leading advocate in the Scottish court of exchequer for many years.
He became a Lord of Session on 14 November 1782, succeeding Alexander Boswell, Lord Auchinleck, and a Lord of Justiciary on 20 April 1785, taking the judicial title Lord Eskgrove (from a small estate which he possessed near Inveresk), in place of Robert Bruce of Kennet. Rae was one of the judges who tried William Brodie (died 1788) for robbing the General Excise Office in August 1788, the Rev. Thomas Fyshe Palmer for seditious practices in September 1793, William Skirving and Maurice Margarot for sedition in January 1794, Joseph Gerrald for sedition in March 1794, and Robert Watt and David Downie for high treason in September 1794.
He was appointed Lord Justice Clerk on 1 June 1799, in place of Robert Macqueen, Lord Braxfield, holding office until his death. He was created a baronet on 27 June 1804. He died on 23 October the same year, and was interred in Inveresk Kirkyard.
Reputation.
Rae is remembered by Lord Henry Cockburn in his book "Memorials of His Time" (published posthumously in 1856), as a “considerable lawyer” who became a deplorable judge, and Cockburn concludes “a more ludicrous personage could not exist.” 
Works.
With John Campbell and others, Rae collected the "Decisions of the Court of Session from the end of the year 1756 to the end of the year 1760", Edinburgh, 1765.
Family.
He married, on 14 October 1761, Margaret (died 1770), youngest daughter of John Stuart of Blairhall, Perthshire, by whom he had two sons and one daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="2863472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863472" title="Smile Please">
Smile Please

, founded in October 2004, is the production company of former Square Enix composer Nobuo Uematsu.
The company's first client was Square Enix, who asked Uematsu to continue the concerts of his music in North America. In his composition for the "Final Fantasy VII Advent Children", Uematsu was credited from Smile Please.
Uematsu currently has his company working for Mistwalker Studios, a game development studio started by the creator of the "Final Fantasy" series, Hironobu Sakaguchi. Uematsu composed music for two Xbox 360 role-playing video games that were developed by Mistwalker: "Blue Dragon" and "Lost Odyssey", along with the Wii role-playing game "The Last Story".
Revealed in June 2009, Uematsu's company is providing music for Final Fantasy XIV - the second MMORPG in the Final Fantasy series.

</doc>
<doc id="2863485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863485" title="Meir Wieseltier">
Meir Wieseltier

Meir Wieseltier (Hebrew: מאיר ויזלטיר, born 1941) is a prize-winning Israeli poet and translator.
Biography.
Meir Wieseltier was born in Moscow in 1941, shortly before the German invasion of Russia. He was taken to Novosibirsk in southwestern Siberia by his mother and two older sisters. His father was killed while serving in the Red Army in Leningrad. After two years in Poland, Germany and France, the family immigrated to Israel. Wieseltier grew up in Netanya. In 1955, he moved to Tel Aviv, where he has lived ever since. He published his first poems at the age of eighteen. He studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In the early 1960s, he joined a group known as the Tel Aviv Poets. He was co-founder and co-editor of the literary magazine "Siman Kriya", and a poetry editor for the Am Oved publishing house.
Literary career.
Wieseltier has published 13 volumes of verse. He has translated English, French and Russian poetry into Hebrew. His translations include four of Shakespeare's tragedies, as well as novels by Virginia Woolf, Charles Dickens, E.M. Forster and Malcolm Lowry. Wieseltier is a nonconformist, employing ironic imagery and a sarcastic, despairing tone. He often writes in the first person, assuming the role of a moralist searching for values in the midst of chaos. Wieseltier has written powerful poems of social and political protest in Israel. His voice is alternately anarchic and involved, angry and caring, trenchant and lyric.
Wieseltier is a poet in residence at the University of Haifa.
Awards.
Among the many awards received by Wieseltier are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2863491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863491" title="Wordhunt">
Wordhunt

Wordhunt was a national appeal run by the Oxford English Dictionary, looking for earlier evidence of the use of 50 words and phrases in the English language. New evidence found by members of the public in response to the appeal appears in the Oxford English Dictionary. The appeal is a companion to the BBC2 television series "Balderdash & Piffle".
First Wordhunt.
The first Wordhunt was launched in 2005 by the Oxford English Dictionary and the BBC and resulted in the OED updating the entries of 34 words and phrases, featured in the first series of "Balderdash & Piffle" broadcast in early 2006. 
The 50 words and phrases were:
Second Wordhunt.
The second Wordhunt was launched in January 2007, and the results featured in a second series of "Balderdash & Piffle", which was broadcast in Spring 2007. 
The forty words and phrases, divided into six themes, are:
Man's Best Friend
Put Downs and Insults
Spend a Penny
Fashionistas
X Rated
One Sandwich Short
Who Were They?
Dodgy Dealings

</doc>
<doc id="2863499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863499" title="Abraxis">
Abraxis

Abraxis Kits is a company based in Warminster Township, Pennsylvania that designs, develops and manufactures immunochemistry-based testing products for scientific research and industrial manufacturing. For industrial manufacturing, Abraxis provides Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) documentation.

</doc>
<doc id="2863508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863508" title="Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz">
Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz

Rodovia Professor Zeferino Vaz (official designation SP-332, also known as Rodovia Campinas-Paulínia or Tapetão) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.
Just 23 km long, this double-lane highway has a high traffic within the urban zones of Campinas and Paulínia. It has been named in honour of teacher Zeferino Vaz and is maintained by the Department of Roads of the State of São Paulo (DER). It is best known as the road that connects the city of Campinas to the subdistrict of Barão Geraldo, where the State University of Campinas is located, as well as to the oil refinery of Petrobras and the adjoining industrial petrochemistry district of Paulínia.
The highway became the first in the State of São Paulo with public illumination along its entire length.

</doc>
<doc id="2863515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863515" title="Víctor Aristizábal">
Víctor Aristizábal

Víctor Hugo Aristizábal Posada (born December 9, 1971 in Medellín, Antioquia) is a Colombian retired football striker who scored 15 goals in 66 games for the Colombia national team between 1993 and 2003.
He started his career in Atlético Nacional, and played there from 1990 to 1996 only interrupted by a short spell with Valencia CF in 1994. Winning the Colombian league twice with Nacional, he eventually moved to play in Brazil. He played for São Paulo and Santos before spending two seasons at Nacional and Deportivo Cali. In 2002 he once again moved to Brazil, and played for EC Vitória, Cruzeiro and Coritiba. Aristizábal is the all-time top foreign goalscorer in the Brazilian league. He is also the all-time Colombian goalscorer with 348 goals, in which over 200 goals he has scored with Atlético Nacional and this makes him the top goalscorer in this club. Afterwards he rejoined Atlético Nacional for a third time, winning the Apertura 2005. He also won the Apertura 2007 and Clausura 2007. He is the only player that has won 6 championship (5 domestic leagues) with Atlético Nacional.
He announced his retirement from football on November 2007 after suffering an awkward knee injury
He was dubbed by Francisco Maturana "the best football player in the world without ball".
Colombian National Team.
Víctor Hugo Aristizábal was a king football striker for Colombia. Between 1993 and 2003 he played 66 international matches and scored 15 goals for the Colombia national team. He was an unused substitute for the 1994 FIFA World Cup, but played all three matches at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He performed exceptionally well at Copa America 2001, the 2002 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers and the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup. During the 2006 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers, the disillusioned Aristizábal, dropped for the World Cup qualifier against Brazil, announced he was retiring from international soccer. Colombia were beaten 2-1 by the world champions in their opening South American qualifier for the 2006 finals in Germany with Aston Villa's Juan Pablo Angel, Aristizabal's rival as central striker, scoring an equalizer.
Aristizábal has been the most successful player in the Colombian soccer tournament. He has scored 348 goles and the majority of them in Atlético Nacional. He has been know to Atlético Nacional as a leader and a player with heart. He loves the team he has played most of his career for. He was born to score and his passion is Atlético Nacional. He has been given the nickname of "La Leyenda" or the legend due to his high performance in the soccer achievements.
Retirement.
July 12, 2008, more than 45,000 fans were in Víctor Hugo Aristizábal testimonial match, where he scored two goals. The match was played at Estadio Atanasio Girardot (Medellín). Carlos "El Pibe" Valderrama, Enzo Francescoli, Alex Aguinaga, Iván Hurtado, René Higuita, Juan Pablo Ángel, Faryd Mondragón, Jorge Bermudez, Leonel Álvarez, Freddy Grisales "Totono Grisales", Sergio Galván Rey, Mario Yepes, John Jairo Tréllez, Mauricio Serna "El Chicho Serna", Gerardo Bedoya and others famous players were on Víctor Hugo Aristizábal's last match. Diego Armando Maradona called Aristizábal to excuse himself for his absence. At the minute 6, Iván René Valenciano scored the first goal after a perfect pass by "El Pibe" Valderrama. At the minute 27, René Higuita saved Atlético Nacional with his famous "scorpion kick". 2 minutes later Aristizábal scored his second goal with a beautiful bicycle kick. Again Iván René Valenciano scored the second goal for Amigos del Mundo, the final score was 2-2. Both Aristizábal (minute 20) and Valenciano (minute 51) missed a Penalty kick each.

</doc>
<doc id="2863518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863518" title="Yair Hurvitz">
Yair Hurvitz

Yair Hurvitz (1941–1988) was an Israeli poet who began publishing poetry in the 1960s. His poems mark a return to the tradition of Haim Nachman Bialik. According to literary critic, Ariel Hirschfeld, a poem by Hurvitz comes close "to an invocation, to the creation of a visionary world by means of the word."

</doc>
<doc id="2863545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863545" title="Rodovia Floriano Rodrigues Pinheiro">
Rodovia Floriano Rodrigues Pinheiro

Rodovia Floriano Rodrigues Pinheiro (official designation SP-123) is a single-lane highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. It connects the Rodovia Carvalho Pinto (SP-070) and the Rodovia Presidente Dutra nearby the city of Taubaté, to the mountain resort of Campos do Jordão.
SP-123 is one of the most scenic roads in the state. Just a short 28 km, it ascends from the 500 m above sea leval of the Paraíba River valley to more than 1,600 m altitude of Campos do Jordão, with a lot of meandering curves, sharp inclines and a 270mtunnel along the face of the Mantiqueira mountain range. In some places the view towards the valley is stunning, and the cities of Taubaté, Guaratinguetá, Pindamonhangaba, Caçapava and São José dos Campos, as well as the distant Serra do Mar, which separates the plateau from the coastline, can be seen in a clear day. Rich pine temperate forests line along the road. Picturesque stalls by the road sell milk directly from the cow, conserves, sweets, wines, smoked trout, brandy (cachaça), cheese and typical artworks of the region, very Swiss-like. Two belvederes in key places allow tourists and voyagers to enjoy the best views.
The road is managed and maintained by the Department of Roads of the State of São Paulo (DER). Toll is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="2863561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863561" title="Laurel High School (Laurel, Maryland)">
Laurel High School (Laurel, Maryland)

Laurel High School is a public high school located in Laurel, Maryland; it is the oldest school in the Prince George's County Public Schools system.
History.
Laurel High School was founded in 1899 with an enrollment of 59 students and four teachers. According to "The Washington Post", the 1900 graduating class was all women. The original school building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. In 1965, the school moved to a larger building at 8000 Cherry Lane in Laurel, and annexed an adjacent elementary school in 1983. Laurel shares the same layout as Bowie High School, in neighboring Bowie, Maryland. Today, Laurel High School enrolls roughly 1,990 students in grades 9 through 12. The school mascot is the Spartan, and the school colors are blue and gold.
Fulfilling an objective of the Prince George’s County Capital Improvement Program since 1989, construction on a new 800-seat auditorium for the school was expected to begin in February 2009. The addition was completed in the early 2010 school year.
Laurel High's student newspaper, ""The Shield"", established in the 1995–1996 school year, has won awards from the American Scholastic Press Association and the Columbia Scholastic Press Association. Prior to the 1995–96 school year, the school paper operated under the name ""The Tattler"".

</doc>
<doc id="2863567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863567" title="The Iron Bridge">
The Iron Bridge

The Iron Bridge is a bridge that crosses the River Severn in Shropshire, England. It was the first arch bridge in the world to be made of cast iron, a material which was previously too expensive to be used for large structures. However, a new blast furnace nearby lowered the cost and encouraged local engineers and architects to solve a long-standing problem of a crossing over the river.
In 1934 it was designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument and closed to vehicular traffic. Tolls for pedestrians were collected until 1950, when ownership of the bridge was transferred to Shropshire County Council. It now belongs to Telford and Wrekin Borough Council. The bridge, the adjacent settlement of Ironbridge and the Ironbridge Gorge form the UNESCO Ironbridge Gorge World Heritage Site. The bridge is a Grade I listed building, and a waypoint on the South Telford Heritage Trail.
History.
Industry started in the area when Abraham Darby I first smelted local iron ore with coke made Coalbrookdale coal in 1709, but the expansion of industry was limited without a bridge over the Ironbridge Gorge, the nearest being at Buildwas away. The use of the river by barge traffic and the steep sides of the gorge meant that any bridge should ideally be of a single span, and sufficiently high to allow tall ships to pass underneath.
The Darby family had made the valley famous for its iron, and a lack of timber made iron a logical choice for bridge construction. However, the design was conservative in its details, with iron used in the same fashion as timber and assembly details in common with contemporary wooden bridges.
In 1773, Thomas Farnolls Pritchard wrote to a local ironmaster, John Wilkinson of Broseley, to suggest building a bridge out of cast iron. In March 1776, the Act to build a bridge remedying the situation received Royal Assent, and the grandson of Abraham Darby I, Abraham Darby III, an ironmaster working at Coalbrookdale in the gorge, was commissioned to cast and build the bridge.
The bridge was closed to vehicular traffic in 1931, and was designated a Scheduled Ancient Monument in 1934. Tolls for pedestrians were collected until 1950, when ownership of the bridge was transferred to Shropshire County Council.
A 1979 exhibition by the Royal Academy celebrated the bicentenary of the bridge.
Construction.
The site, where a ferry had run between Madely and Benthall, was chosen for its high approaches on each side and the solidity of the ground. Pritchard died on 21 December 1777 in his tower-house at Eyton on Severn, only a month after work had begun.
Decorative rings and ogees between the structural ribs of the bridge suggest that the final design was of Pritchard, as the same elements appear in a gazebo he rebuilt. The final design was Pritchard's third attempt, after design for bridges of and were rejected. A foreman at the foundry, Thomas Gregory, drew the detailed designs for the members, resulting in the use of carpentry jointing details.
The masonry and abutments were constructed between 1777-8, and the ribs were lifted into place in the summer of 1779. The nascent bridge first spanned the river on 2 July 1779, and it was opened to traffic on 1 January 1781. It was the only bridge on the River Severn to survive the flood of 1795, due to its strength and small profile against the floodwaters.
The bridge is built from five cast iron ribs that give a span of . Exactly of iron was used in the construction of the bridge, and there are almost 1700 individual components, the heaviest weighing . Components were cast individually to fit with each other, rather than being of standard sizes, with discrepanices of up to several centimeters between identical components in different locations.
In December 1784, less than four years after the completion of the bridge, cracks were found in the south side of the arch, and the neighbouring abutment showed signs of movement. The Gorge is very prone to landslides, and over 20 are recorded in the British Geological Survey's National Landslide Database in the area. It was suspected that the sides of the gorge were moving towards the river, forcing the feet of the arch towards each other, and consequently repairs were carried out in 1784, 1791 and 1792. In 1800, the stone-faced embankment behind the south abutment was replaced with two small timber arches to relieve pressure on the main span. The timber arches were replaced with cast iron ones in 1821, and in May 1862, the bridge was the subject of further repairs.
However, many of the cracks visible in the bridge today have been left untouched. The bridge was over-designed and subsequent bridges, such as those built by Thomas Telford, used much less cast iron. For example, his cast iron arch bridge at Buildwas, upstream from Ironbridge, used less than half the weight for a greater span (130-foot span, 170 tons of cast iron). However, it suffered similar problems of abutment movement and was replaced in 1902.
Between 1972 and 1975, a programme of repairs took place on the foundations of the bridge at a cost of . It involved creating a ferro-concrete inverted arch under the river to counter inward movement of the bridge abutments.
In 1999–2000, the bridge was renovated again, with replacement of the cast iron road plates with steel plates, and a lightweight top surface.
A half-size replica of the main section of the bridge was built in 2001 as part of the research for the BBC Timewatch programme which was shown in 2002.
More information about how the bridge was built came from the discovery in 1997 of a small watercolour by Elias Martin in a Stockholm museum. This showed the bridge under construction in 1779.

</doc>
<doc id="2863568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863568" title="United Nations Atomic Energy Commission">
United Nations Atomic Energy Commission

The United Nations Atomic Energy Commission (UNAEC) was founded on 24 January 1946 by Resolution 1 of the United Nations General Assembly "to deal with the problems raised by the discovery of atomic energy." 
The General Assembly asked the Commission to "make specific proposals: (a) for extending between all nations the exchange of basic scientific information for peaceful ends; (b) for control of atomic energy to the extent necessary to ensure its use only for peaceful purposes; (c) for the elimination from national armaments of atomic weapons and of all other major weapons adaptable to mass destruction; (d) for effective safeguards by way of inspection and other means to protect complying States against the hazards of violations and evasions."
On 14 December 1946, the General Assembly passed a follow-up resolution urging an expeditious completion of the report by the Commission as well as its consideration by the United Nations Security Council. The Security Council received the report on 31 December 1946 and passed a resolution on 10 March 1947, "recognizing that any agreement expressed by the members of the Council to the separate portions of the report is preliminary" and requesting a second report to be made. On 4 November 1948, the General Assembly passed a resolution stating that it had examined the first, second and third reports of the Commission and expressed its deep concern at the impasse which had been reached, as shown in its third report.
On 14 June 1946, the United States representative to the Commission, Bernard Baruch, presented the Baruch Plan, wherein the United States (at the time the only state possessing atomic weapons) would destroy its atomic arsenal on the condition that the U.N. imposed controls on atomic development that would not be subject to United Nations Security Council veto. These controls would allow only the peaceful use of atomic energy. The plan was passed by the Commission, but not agreed to by the Soviet Union who abstained on the proposal in the Security Council. Debate on the plan continued into 1948, but by early 1947 it was clear that agreement was unlikely.
The UN General Assembly officially disbanded UNAEC in 1952, although the Commission had been inactive since July 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="2863591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863591" title="The Simple Past">
The Simple Past

The Simple Past ("Le passé simple") is a novel written by Driss Chraïbi.

</doc>
<doc id="2863597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863597" title="Vidas Secas">
Vidas Secas

Vidas Secas (translated into English as "Barren Lives", although "seca" literally means dry) is a novel by twentieth-century Brazilian writer Graciliano Ramos, written in 1938. It tells the cyclical story of a family of five: Fabiano, the father; Sinhá Vitória, the mother; two sons (just called boys) and their dog called Baleia (whale in Portuguese) in the poverty stricken and arid Brazilian northeast. One of the distinguishing characteristics of the book is that it is written in said cyclical manner, making it possible to read the first chapter as a continuation of the last chapter, reflecting the cycle of poverty and desolation in the Sertão. Another distinguishing characteristic is that the dog Baleia is considered the most sensible and human character.
It is often considered amongst the most important works in Brazilian literature, with a "dry", concise style of writing.
Film.
"Vidas Secas" was adapted into a highly praised film by Nelson Pereira dos Santos, in 1963, and would become a landmark for the Cinema Novo movement.

</doc>
<doc id="2863608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863608" title="East Lansing High School">
East Lansing High School

East Lansing High School is a public high school in the city of East Lansing, Michigan, United States. It is managed by the East Lansing Public Schools district.
The school, located about a mile north of the Michigan State University campus, was originally built in 1956 after moving from the current Hannah Community Center facility. Since the year 2000, the school has undergone remodeling with the addition of several new wings and restoration of the old ones. The construction was completed in the summer of 2005, and the remodeled school was dedicated in September 2005. The school's official mascot is the Trojan and its colors are navy blue and white. The athletic teams compete as members of the Capital Area Activities Conference.
History.
The school district that is now East Lansing Public Schools was established in 1900, seven years before the city of East Lansing itself. All grade levels were taught in the original Central School, which was built in 1901. When that building burned down in 1916, classes were held in the old Peoples Church building until a second Central School could be built.
The first High School building was completed in 1926 at 819 Abbott Road. When the current high school building opened in 1956, the former school became the East Lansing Junior High School. It closed for renovation in 1968, and reopened as the John A. Hannah Middle School. The building is now a community center.
Athletics.
The East Lansing High School mascot (male and female) is Troy the Trojan. Their main rival is the Okemos High School Chieftains.

</doc>
<doc id="2863631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863631" title="British NVC community SD11">
British NVC community SD11

NVC community SD11 ("Carex arenaria - Cornicularia aculeata" dune community) is one of the 16 sand-dune communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.
It is one of four communities associated with fixed dunes.
It is a comparatively localised community. There are two subcommunities.
Community composition.
The following constant species are found in this community:
The following rare species are also associated with the community:
Distribution.
This community is found on the east coast, mostly on the sand-dunes of Norfolk and Suffolk, but also in Aberdeenshire and on the south coast of Kent. It is also found inland, in The Brecks on the Norfolk/Suffolk border.
Subcommunities.
There are two subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2863633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863633" title="Luis Carlos Perea">
Luis Carlos Perea

Luis Carlos "Coroncoro" Perea (born 29 December 1963 in Turbo) is a Colombian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Football career.
During his career Perea played mainly with Independiente Medellín, where he would debut in 1983, and Atlético Nacional, but also had brief spells with Atlético Junior and Deportes Tolima. Abroad he represented Club Necaxa and Toros Neza in Mexico, and he won the 1989 Copa Libertadores with Nacional.
During seven years, Perea played 78 games and scored two goals for the Colombia national team. This included six appearances at the 1990 and the 1994 FIFA World Cups combined.
Perea participated in four Copa América finals, and netted his first international goal in the 1993 Copa América, in the 88th minute of the quarterfinal match against Uruguay (1–1 after 120 minutes, penalty shootout win).
Personal.
In 1999 Perea moved to the United States, intending to sign with the Miami Fusion or Tampa Bay Mutiny. He didn't join either club and retired from playing, but began working as a player development coach at the Miami Strike Force; he was named in a list of the top 100 prominent Latinos living in Miami.
Perea is the father of Luis Alberto Perea, a professional footballer who has played in Categoría Primera A, Major League Soccer and the Chilean Primera División.

</doc>
<doc id="2863646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863646" title="Everyone's Hero">
Everyone's Hero

"Everyone's Hero" is a 2006 computer animated sports comedy-drama family film, directed by Colin Brady, Christopher Reeve (who was working on this film at the time of his death), and Daniel St. Pierre, with music by John Debney. The majority of this film was produced by IDT Entertainment in Toronto with portions outsourced to Reel FX Creative Studios and Blue Sky Studios. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox, and released theatrically on September 15, 2006. "Everyone's Hero" had a moderate performance at the box office, earning only $16 million worldwide during its theatrical run, but the film was not released in several major countries. The film is also dedicated to the memory of director Christopher Reeve and his wife, Dana Morosini.
Plot.
In 1932, the dawn of the Great Depression, and young baseball fan Yankee Irving (Jake T. Austin), whose father Stanley (Mandy Patinkin) works as a janitor for New York City's Yankee Stadium, dreams of playing for the Yankees but can't even play sandlot baseball well enough to avoid being picked last. One day beside the sandlot, he finds a talking baseball he names Screwie (Rob Reiner).
While father and son are in the stadium, a thief steals Babe Ruth's famous bat Darlin' (Whoopi Goldberg), with the result that Yankee's father is blamed and fired. The true thief is Lefty Maginnis (William H. Macy), a pitcher for the Chicago Cubs. Lefty works for Cubs owner Napoleon Cross (Robin Williams), who desires to see the Cubs defeat the Yankees during the 1932 World Series.
Stealing the bat back, Yankee decides to return it to Ruth—and thereby exonerate his father—by journeying across the country to Chicago, where the next World Series' games will be played. Darlin' is able to speak, as does her counterpart Screwie, who she constantly argues and bickers with (though near the end, they finally become friends). Much of the plot is driven by Lefty's comic attempts to retrieve the bat from Yankee, with slapstick results. Other scenes involve Yankee meeting others who will help him in his quest: several hobos (Ed Helms); Marti (Raven-Symoné), an African American girl; her baseball player father Lonnie Brewster (Forest Whitaker); and in Chicago, Babe Ruth himself (Brian Dennehy).
A series of improbable coincidences allows Yankee himself to bat for the Yankees, resulting in the archetypal home run (technically, a series of errors after an infield pop-up that allow him to round the bases). This restores the morale of the Yankees, who score 7 more runs to take the lead and win the World Series. Cross tries to talk Babe Ruth out of accepting the victory, saying that Yankee is too young to be a counting player. This leads to the arrest of Cross, and also Lefty. Yankee also successfully exonerates his father. Yankee returns home, now knowing what is truly important in baseball.
Production.
With the exception of Ruth, none of the film's characters are based on real people. However, there is a scene near the end where Ruth is at dinner, and talks to a man named Lou, probably a representation of Lou Gehrig.
The film takes a largely nostalgic tone in its presentation of 1930s American life, though the Great Depression is alluded to, as is the existence of separate Negro Leagues. (Marti's father is a member of the Cincinnati Tigers, though the team was actually founded two years later, in 1934.) The announced morals of the movie are to "keep swinging" (that is, never give up), and the importance of family.
The actual events of the 1932 series, though dramatic, were not followed in the film (perhaps because of rights issues over depictions of the game). For example, the Yankees swept the Cubs in the series, but in the film, they lost three games to set up the classic game 7 scenario.
In one point of the film, Screwie refers to Superman, which is anachronistic due to the fact that Superman did not appear until 1938, and the film is set in 1932, though the reference is clearly intended as a nod to late co-director Reeve, who played Superman in several films.
Reception.
Box office.
In its opening weekend, the film grossed $6,061,762 million in 2,896 theaters in the United States and Canada, ranking #3 at the box office, behind "Gridiron Gang" and "The Black Dahlia". By the end of its run, "Everyone's Hero" grossed $14,522,427 domestically and $2,104,087 internationally, totaling $16,627,188 worldwide.
Critical reception.
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 51%, based on 20 reviews, which indicates "mixed" reviews. There were two negative reviews, twelve mixed and six positive.
"New York Daily News", positive review, "Whoever wanders into the theater should leave a winner".
"L.A. Weekly", positive review, "The movie's antique Rockwellian look is its greatest pleasure".
"Entertainment Weekly", positive review, ""Everyone's Hero" re-creates Depression-era America with surprisingly agreeable anachronistic panache, but a sassy ball and bat don't cut it as compelling cartoon characters, and the not-so-human humans never quite do either (Babe Ruth looks like "Shrek")".
"New York Post", mixed review, ""Everyone's Hero", a tame CGI cartoon for the simple-minded: the very young, the very old and Yankee fans".
"TV Guide", negative review, "An anemic adventure that epitomizes generic feature animation".
Syndication.
In the United States, Cartoon Network aired "Everyone's Hero" on April 12, 2008. In Latin America, Cartoon Network Latino aired the film on November 23, 2011. In Asia, Disney Channel premiered May 29, 2012. It also aired on Disney XD in the United States on April 8, 2013 as well as March 7, 2014.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack, released on the Columbia Records/Sony Music Soundtrax labels, features tracks by the star of the film Raven-Symoné, Grammy-winners Wyclef Jean, Brooks & Dunn, Mary Chapin Carpenter, and various other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="2863656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863656" title="Grammar School at Leeds">
Grammar School at Leeds

The Grammar School at Leeds (GSAL) is a fee-paying school independent school in Leeds, England, created on 4 August 2005 from the merger of Leeds Grammar School (founded c. 1552) and Leeds Girls' High School (co-founded in 1876 by Frances Lupton).
The schools physically merged in September 2008, at which point the school became open to both sexes. The school is now situated on two sites: the Senior School (ages 11–18) and Junior School (7–11) at the Alwoodley Site, while the Leeds Girls' High School site in Headingley is used by the Infant School and a new Nursery School. The merged school operates as a "diamond school" meaning that classes for girls and boys between the ages of 11 and 16 remain segregated, but all extracurricular activities are mixed. Classes for all below the age of 11 and in the Sixth Form are co-educational. During the merger consultation process, the student, parent and teaching bodies of both schools agreed on major goals for The Grammar School at Leeds.
House structure.
A key element of the new school is intended to be the foundations of eight School Houses, each with two House Captains and four Deputy House Captains.
These Houses, into which the pupils of The Grammar School will be divided, are:
Locations.
The Grammar School at Leeds was established via the legal merger of Leeds Grammar School and Leeds Girls' High School in 2005. Both these schools operated on two separate sites which were some distance between each other; Leeds Girls' High School operated from three separate sites in Headingley, whilst Leeds Grammar School ran from a modern campus situated in Alwoodley. 
Upon physical merger in 2008, four sections of school were created. The Junior School, Senior School and Sixth Form now operate from extended buildings at the Alwoodley Gates site (originally Leeds Grammar School). The site was redeveloped from 2007 to 2008, and now contains a new Sixth Form and Maths departments whilst the Lawson Library, Science department and Refectory were extended. Rose Court Nursery & Pre-Prep School operates in Headingley; from a new nursery extension and the refurbished building formerly known by Leeds Girls' High School as 'Ford House'. The rest of the Leeds Girls' High School site, which is now surplus to requirements, is currently the subject of discussion with Leeds City Council planning officers prior to anticipated application for outline planning permission for residential housing. The site currently stands empty.
Senior Management Team.
The current Principal and Chief Executive is Michael Gibbons, the previous Headmaster of Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, Wakefield. Gibbons was educated at the City of Leicester Grammar School and gained his degree from King's College London. He is the founder member of the working party for the Forum of Independent Day Schools. Gibbons took up the office of Principal at the beginning of the Summer Term 2010, formally taking over on 1 April 2010.
The previous Headmaster was Dr. Mark Bailey, a former Rugby Union player and bursar of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He was appointed Headmaster of Leeds Grammar School in 1999 amid controversy. Despite this, his tenure as head saw a sharp increase in entrance applications and financial stability, and a number of high profile appointments to Senior Management Levels. He led the merger of Leeds Grammar School and Leeds Girls' High School following his appointment as both Headmaster and Chief Executive of the Grammar School at Leeds, in February 2005. He left GSAL in March 2010 to become the Professor of Later Medieval History at the University of East Anglia and a visiting Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.
Merger.
The school administrations of Leeds Grammar School legally merged with Leeds Girls' High School on 31 August 2005 with the schools physically merging in September 2008. 
Plans for the merger were not universally welcomed. As early as 2003, a campaign group called "No Merger in 2007" stated that there was a "hidden agenda", a drive to reduce debts incurred from an LGS building programme, and that the proposed merger "makes no educational sense". The LGS headmaster, Mark Bailey, said that only a fifth of parents opposed the planned merger, and the LGHS headmistress Sue Fishburn stated that 80% of parents were in favour of the merger. A number of parents were reported to have stated a preference for strictly single-sex establishments despite assurances that classrooms would be single-sex.
In January 2004, Mark Bailey was reported to have stated that less than 1% of the 1500 families with children at the two schools "wrote to oppose the move". Further controversy was reported in 2005, when plans for the new school crest were released. According to the report, "Parents who contacted the Yorkshire Post said many felt dismayed by the merger and the new logo but dared not speak up". One parent stated that the existing crest had been "obliterated by a felt-tip doodle".
Plans to redevelop the Alwoodley site were met with some opposition. Leeds City Council delayed its decision for the LGS planning application until summer 2006, requiring the physical merger to be put back a year until September 2008. As well as this, there was controversy due to the expected increase in traffic levels at the Alwoodley site, but this was reduced by the drawing up of a new traffic plan.
Work began in August 2007 and involved the formation of a new signalised site access junction. The construction of a new pedestrian tunnel and a speed limit were also installed to relieve traffic pressure. Controversy persisted into late 2007, however, over the possible need for an additional vehicle entrance at the new school site in Alwoodley and the arrangements for the disposal of the Headingley LGHS site.

</doc>
<doc id="2863663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863663" title="San Giorgio a Cremano">
San Giorgio a Cremano

San Giorgio a Cremano is a primarily residential town and "comune" in the province of Naples, in the Campania region of southern Italy. It is located on the foothills of Mount Vesuvius to the west of the volcano, and is six kilometres to the south east of the centre of Naples. Most parts of the commune command views of Mount Vesuvius, Mount Somma and the Bay of Naples.
San Giorgio a Cremano was first settled in the 10th and 11th centuries, and has since been fairly regularly affected by the eruptions of Mount Vesuvius. Along with Portici, Ercolano, Torre del Greco, and Torre Annunziata, San Giorgio a Cremano is one of the five traditional towns that were to be found heading south from Naples on the coastal road along the Bay of Naples. In the 18th century the comune had become an extremely popular tourist resort, and attracted wealthier residents and the aristocracy from the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, before going into decline following Italian unification, although primary industries and agriculture have persisted within the comune from its foundation to the modern day.
By the 19th century San Giorgio a Cremano had been absorbed by the expanding urban conglomeration of Naples, and it is now one of the most densely populated areas in the whole of the European Union. San Giorgio a Cremano is served by the Circumvesuviana metropolitan railway which connects it with central Naples, and is easily accessible by a number of major roads.
A comune of the Somma-Vesuvio National Park, San Giorgio a Cremano is known for hosting a huge number of so-called "Ville Vesuviane" (Vesuvian Villas), built between 18th and 19th centuries century for the nobility of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. These are a part of the Miglio d'Oro (the Golden Mile), an urbanistic and artistic complex which in 1997 have been included in the World Biosphere Network list of UNESCO (Somma-Vesuvius and Golden Mile).
It is also known for having a strong theatre tradition, whose highest representant was the actor and producer Massimo Troisi, which was one of only seven actors to be posthumously nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie Il Postino.
Geography.
San Giorgio a Cremano is located on the foothills to the west of the Vesuvius. With a total area of , it is a fairly small, cramped comune which runs in a narrow corridor from the slopes of the volcano down toward the Bay of Naples. The highest point in the comune is 107 metres above sea level, and the lowest point is eight metres above sea level, giving an altimetric difference of 97 metres from the coastward side of the comune (west) to the inland side (east). The average height within the comune is 56 metres above sea level.
San Giorgio is also geographically surrounded by major roads on all sides. The coastal road of Corso San Giovanni follows the shoreline to the west of San Giorgio, and the Autostrada (motorway) Napoli-Salerno (E45, which also becomes the A3) runs to the north-east of San Giorgio.
Adjacent communes.
To the east, San Giorgio a Cremano faces the Vesuvius, which dominates the view in that direction. As the commune climbs gently uphill from west to east, many houses within San Giorgio are offered spectacular views over the Bay of Naples to the west. The main centre of Naples is located 6 kilometres to the north-west of San Giorgio. The town is bordered by Barra to the north, San Giovanni a Teduccio to the north-west, the Bay of Naples to the west, Ercolano and Portici to the south, and San Sebastiano al Vesuvio to the east. Nearby to the south is Ercolano, which is home to the famous archaeological site of Herculaneum, Pompeii's neighbouring Roman town, that was also destroyed by the eruption of Vesuvius in 79CE.
Climate.
San Giorgio a Cremano, as with the rest of Naples is located at 40°N facing the Bay of Naples on the west side of the Italian peninsula. This location gives the region a typical Mediterranean climate with mild, wet winters caused by the outer edges of polar fronts, and warm to hot, dry summers, due to the domination of the subtropical high pressure systems, according to the Köppen classification (Csa/Csb). The west coast tends to be slightly wetter than the east coast, with the southern 'Sirocco' wind bringing higher humidity and precipitation.
The proximity of the Bay of Naples sometimes moderates high summer temperatures with off-shore breezes, although temperatures in excess of 30°C are common in summer months, and July tends on average, to be the hottest month of the year. The warm temperatures and moderate to low precipitation led to the area's popularity as a tourist resort during the Renaissance and in early modern times. Whilst Mount Vesuvius is susceptible to snow covers in winter that cause the temperature in the commune to drop into the low single digit figures, winters do tend to be quite mild, with sunny days commonly experienced.
Etymology.
The name "San Giorgio a Cremano" (literally "Saint George of the Cremated"), is a reference to the reverence with which the residents of the area in the 10th century held for the Vesuvius. The superstitious and devoutly religious locals saw an analogy between the eruptions of Vesuvius, and a dragon breathing fire, and quickly adopted Saint George as their patron saint, due to the legend of Saint George and the Dragon in which he slays the Dragon. The residents believed by adopting Saint George as their patron saint he would protect them from the 'dragon' or the eruptions of Vesuvius.
The term "Cremano" is an ancient name for a strip of land between Portici and San Giorgio (the site is referred to as the "Cupa di Cremano" and "Pozzo di Cremano"). It derives directly from the Latin word "crematum" which refers to the earth having been cremated by the lava flows of Vesuvius. Others believe though, that the name actually refers to "Cambrano", a shortening of "Cambarus" who was a Roman landowner of the area in ancient times. Another theory also believes it simply refers to the Latin word "crambe", which means "Cabbage", speculating that cabbage crops may once have been grown in the area.
Residents of San Giorgio a Cremano are referred to as "Sangiorgesi".
History.
Early history.
The landscape of the region in which San Giorgio a Cremano is located has been drastically altered over time by the continuing eruptions of Vesuvius. As a result, it is difficult to find evidence of pre-historic occupation in the area. It is known that from Roman times, nearby Herculaneum and Pompeii were well populated settlements, and it is likely that some parts of the region were utilised for agriculture. There are suggestions that wine growing may have been popular on the hills of the area.
However the eruption of 79CE in which Pompeii and Herculaneum was destroyed, made much of the region in which San Giorgio is now located, and neighbouring regions, completely uninhabitable and no longer of any use for agriculture. This remained the situation until the 10th century CE. Until its reoccupation, the region was usually referred to as "Foris Flubeum", indicating that it was separated from Naples by the legendary ancient Sebeto River, which has now disappeared.
Middle Ages.
The earliest post-Roman references to the region indicate that by the mid-8th century weavers had begun production in and around the area, and industry that persists to the modern era. The shirts and cloths produced in the Province of Naples soon gained an excellent reputation, and were often sought after by nobles throughout Europe.
In 993 CE a small votive chapel named the "Capitiniano" was erected on a hill in the area, and dedicated to Saint George. It is believed that it is from around this time that the legend of the locals adopting Saint George as their patron saint to protect them from the 'dragon' of Vesuvius' eruptions was born. By the end of the 11th century, a church had been erected over the previous site of the chapel, and the first "Casale", or houses, were built nearby to the church. It is believed there was also a monastery, however no trace remains if this was the case. Very soon a cemetery was also consecrated next to the church, and it is from around this time that records indicate the name "San Giorgio a Capitiniano" was first used to refer to the area.
It has been suggested that around 1200 is one of the likeliest dates for the beginning of the origin of the local religious procession. Held on 23 April (or the first Sunday after), the patron saint's day of Saint George, the procession involves the carrying of a statue of the saint, hoisted onto the shoulders of a group of the devotees, accompanied by loud music, songs, folk dancing, competitions of all kinds, and stalls with sweets and toys. The statue itself is a carved wooden depiction of the saint, originally mounted but the current one is without horse, and it is placed upon a pedestal which is surrounded by garlands of local flowers, and illuminated by candles. The statue was once also plated in silver, but repeated attempts at theft (the most recent in 1981) resulted in the metal being removed.
The statue of a saint was carried in procession for many reasons, such as to fertilise the ground for crops and harvests, to protect from natural disasters such as the risks of drought, floods and further eruptions, and to defend the commune from fatal dangers such as enemies, wars, and plagues. The original route of the procession is not known, but is believed to have begun near the Capitiniano, with the trip not clearly defined, and amended according to the demands and needs of devotees participating.
Some local scholars believe the procession may even have dated from as early as the 8th century, but the wooden statue of Saint George that is carried, depicts him mounted on a horse, in the armour of a crusader. The crusader image cannot date before 1200, and such imagery of Saint George as a crusading knight is thought to only date from the 15th century. It is believed that the wooden statue used in the procession cannot be earlier than 1600, although it is indeed possible the current statue may have replaced an earlier one that had been used in processions before this time.
Over the course of the next few hundred years, houses were increasingly being built down the gentle slope of the hill towards the seaside "Cambrano", and the growing town was often being referred to as "San Giorgio a Cambrano" by the 14th century, which is confirmed in references from 1334, during the reign of Charles of Anjou. In this time, a better road, connecting San Giorgio with Naples in the northwest was completed.
By the late 14th century San Giorgio had grown into a town, and had two main residential zones, above and below the church. These were referred to as "di sopra" (above), and "di bascio" (below). At the same time, San Giorgio grew large enough to absorb the nearby town of "San Aniello a Cambrano", and the centre of the new larger town remained the hilltop church venerated to Saint George. By the 15th century, this church had once again been renovated, this time in high Gothic architecture, and incorporated three new naves. Despite the improvements to the hilltop church, in 1570 the religious centre of San Giorgio was moved further downhill with the opening of the newly built church of "Santa Maria del Principio", around which a prosperous new town centre soon grew. Following the opening of the new church, the procession route was altered to begin at Santa Maria del Principio and run a more regular course through the streets to the hills and back down to the lower end of the commune, giving greater access to the residents to the processional route.
Renaissance.
Between 1140 and 1631 Mount Vesuvius had remained dormant for nearly 500 years, but a violent and sudden eruption in December 1631 was particularly devastating for San Giorgio a Cremano, destroying the new town centre and the sixty-year-old church of Santa Maria del Principio. The 1631 eruption was particularly violent, with several lava flows pouring down different faces of the volcano accompanied by torrents of boiling water, as well as throwing pumice and hot ash into the sky.
Many historical documents, manuscripts and archives from the old church had been moved to the new church of Santa Maria del Principio, and were also lost in the destruction caused by the eruption. Ironically the hilltop church was not as badly damaged. However very few buildings in the town were spared, including another church, "San Giorgio Vecchio" and the Torre Ummarino - a newly constructed tower. It is not known how many people from San Giorgio, if any, were killed in the 1631 eruption, but records indicate the population was decimated. Whether this was from loss of live, or evacuation is unclear. It has been estimated though, that more than 3,000 people were killed throughout the region in the December 1631 eruption, and from the physical destruction within San Giorgio a Cremano, it can be surmised that many of the dead may have lived there.
The 1631 eruption seems to have led to a re-invigoration of the locals' devotion to their patron saint, Saint George, and the tradition of the local procession is thought to have begun at this time. Saint George had originally been chosen for his reputation as the heroic fighter, an attribute that the devastated locals needed in their protector. The procession was definitely resumed soon after the eruption, and has continued uninterrupted into modern times. Following the destruction of the new church of Santa Maria del Principio, the route of the procession was again altered. The original statue was destroyed in the eruption, but they received as a gift from Emmanuela Caracciolo Pignatelli, Duchess of Montecalvo, a new statue of St. George, in half bust, and that is the statue still venerated today.
By 1670, the church of "Santa Maria del Principio" had been rebuilt upon the ruins of its second incarnation, in time for the centennial of its original consecration. Once again the Church "Casale" and town houses had been repopulated, and the new town centre restored. The town experienced an economically prosperous period under the Spanish Kingdom of Naples. The economic prosperity continued under the Bourbon rulers, who had replaced the Habsburgs as the dynastic rulers of the Kingdom of Naples by the 18th century as a result of the War of the Spanish Succession. The rule of Charles III of Spain (1735–59) was a particularly successful period for the whole Province of Naples, including San Giorgio, as he invested heavily in the economy of the region.
It was during this time that the town started to become a popular holiday resort for Neapolitan noble families. San Giorgio soon developed a reputation as a desirable town to live or holiday in, and became home to many wealthy residents who constructed many of the ornate villas in and around the town, some of which survive to this day. Some of these villas had elaborate walled gardens, such as Villa Bruno.
The Habsburg Spanish King Ferdinand II of Aragon gained control of the Kingdom of Naples in 1559 under the terms of the Treaty of Cateau-Cambrésis, and Spanish migrants began to arrive in the south of Italy. During his rule in the late 16th century, the Camorra first made their presence felt in the Campania region. Originally members primarily consisted of strong family clans that were closely related to Spanish Garduna criminals.
Under the Bourbon rulers that the Camorra truly started to flourish throughout Campania. By the 19th century the Bourbon monarchy were using Camorra clans as police, as soldiers in the army, and as members of the civil service throughout Naples, including in San Giorgio a Cremano.
In 1800 the parish priest Don Domenico de Somma announced there would be a double procession from that year onwards. The first was to take place in April, accompanied by music and detachments of cavalry and infantry. During this procession, the statue was kept for a week in the church of San Giorgio Vecchio to allow it to be venerated by as many people who wished to. Then on the first Sunday in May, the statue was to be once again paraded throughout the commune, riding on a wagon, and accompanied by choir boys dressed as angels, who sang holy praises along with music; however the custom of two processions was abandoned in 1867.
The rule of the House of Bourbon was generally popular throughout Naples, but especially so amongst the strongly religious and royalist residents of San Giorgio a Cremano. However the French Revolution reached the Kingdom of Naples during the rule of Ferdinand IV of Naples, who provoked by his opposition. Horatio Nelson arrived in Naples to warn Ferdinand of the dangers of the revolution, but the Neapolitan King attacked Rome following its fall into French hands. When he was defeated by French forces in Rome, he fled back to Naples, and took the offer from the British there to take refuge in Sicily, leaving Naples in anarchy.
Despite efforts by some revolutionary thinkers, there was not much support for the French Revolution amongst the residents of San Giorgio a Cremano, as even the poorest families, such as the "Lazzaroni" lived comparatively comfortable lives by the standards of the time. The Bourbon monarchy was popular, and received little opposition. Despite this, the fall of the French monarchy, the successes of the revolution in other parts of Europe, and the absence of King Ferdinand led to the creation of the Parthenopaean Republic in 1799, which incorporated San Giorgio a Cremano.
19th century.
Very soon all of Europe was in revolutionary turmoil, and not long after the declaration of the Parthenopaean Republic, the Carbonari, a secret society of revolutionaries moved into Naples, and San Giorgio a Cremano as well. Primarily opposed to the pro-Napoleonic policies of Joachim Murat, the Carbonari soon focused their attention on the gaining of political freedoms and the granting of constitutional rights and powers.
After the fall of Napoleon, King Ferdinand IV of Naples resumed control of the Province of Naples and soon after the Congress of Vienna allowed him to re-unify the Kingdom with that of the Kingdom of Sicily, and he became King Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies. Although popular with artisans and merchants, most of the population of San Giorgio a Cremano were wealthier aristocrats, and welcomed the return of the King rather than siding with the Carbonari.
In 1848 the revolutionary fervour within the kingdom became widespread, and soon the Sicilian revolution of independence of 1848 broke out, although this affected the residents of San Giorgio very little. Although unaffected by the revolutions of 1848, the area suffered badly from the Italian unification twelve years later. The creation of the Kingdom of Italy saw many of the area's wealthier residents moving north to be closer to the seat of national power, and although San Giorgio a Cremano remained a popular resort destination, the commune went into a long period of economic decline.
With the northern Liberals in power, the north was increasingly developed in areas of industry and agriculture, with the south (Mezzogiorno) increasingly excluded from development and investment. Many of the fine houses and resorts of the region, some occupied for centuries, soon went without maintenance and fell into terminal decline.
Mount Vesuvius again exploded spectacularly on both 1 May and 6 May in 1855. The lava began flowing towards San Giorgio a Cremano, but at a slow pace. The local parish priest at the time, pastor Don Domenico Baldari allowed the locals to seek sanctuary within Santa Maria del Principio. According to locals, the statue was placed between the comune and the slowly approaching lava, and the locals invoked the protection of Saint George, and Mary the Immaculate, and the lava approached to the outskirts of the town and then stopped. In honour of their being saved, the parishioners of Santa Maria del Principio held another procession in the presence of the Cardinal of Naples Sisto Riario Sforza.
The later part of the 19th century saw San Giorgio a Cremano revert to a subsistence agriculture economy, with much of the commune's needs being supplied locally. Although many of the villas were abandoned, or even if still occupied, went un-maintained, many of them did remain well looked after, and as a result survive to this day. Although on a much smaller scale than in the 18th century, the natural beauty and climate of San Giorgio a Cremano were such that tourism persisted to a lesser degree, and some of the resorts survived.
20th century.
Little changed for the residents of San Giorgio a Cremano during the first half of the 20th century. The population had stagnated, but the localised agrarian and weaving economies persisted.
During the dark days of World War II, Mount Vesuvius erupted on 22 March 1944. Santa Maria del Principio's parish priest Don Giorgio Tarallo, repeated the offer of refuge within the church, and as in 1855 the statue of Saint George was used to protect the commune from the approaching lava. The lava reached virtually all the way to the steps of the church before stopping (at zone via Amendola). Another procession was added ten years later in honour of the 'miracle'. In 1968 under the parish priest Don Francesco Sannino the two processions of the first and second Sunday of May were reduced to one on the second Sunday of May. In 1972, with the parish priest Don Pasquale Ascione changed the main procession to the fourth Sunday of May.
By the second half of the 20th century, the central part of Naples could no longer withstand the post-war population growth, and residents began to increasingly move into neighbouring communes to the south, such as Portici or San Giorgio a Cremano. The large derelict residential areas of the former stately homes and apartments were ripe for development, and many fine homes were knocked down, often illegally, to make way for new housing developments. From 1951 to 1981 the population of San Giorgio a Cremano more than tripled.
According to the Commerce Office of the Municipality of San Giorgio a Cremano, in 1970 there still existed 58 weavers within the commune but at the present time are all definetily closed.
The Camorra were once again at the forefront of the illegal building and development industry. The authorities soon realised what was happening, and the saw the risk to existing cultural heritage, and stamped down upon the illegal constructions, which the Camorra simply moved their developments from previously occupied land into either the red zones (areas where the government had banned development due to the dangers posed by an eruption) on the slopes of Vesuvius, or they developed housing on land which they had used previously for illegal waste dumping, often making the ground unstable, and unusable for development in connection with local mayors and bureaucrats used to take money to close all two eyes. Undercutting the tenders of other contractors, the Camorra would first excavate and sell the volcanic pozzuolana, used in the construction industry, and then refill the cavities with tons of refuse and toxic waste, often imported from northern Italy, before recovering the waste and selling the land illegally for housing construction and residential development. It has been estimated that this industry was worth upwards of 11 billion euro a year to the Camorra.Anyway it is impossible to trace a clear line of demarcation between local government and criminal associations for the simple reason that sometimes they work together for the same strike.
This has led to an unfortunate situation in San Giorgio a Cremano, where some of the illegal developments have been left half built, leaving unsightly concrete skeletons, or land that had been cleared for development has been left unused, leaving open spaces in an increasingly crowded commune.
Despite the illegal developments, many new legal apartment buildings were also constructed, particularly in the 1970s and 1980s. The sometimes quite fine apartments of five or six stories were constructed along tree-lined widened avenues such as Via Guglielmo Marconi and Via San Martino, and the area soon became known affectionately amongst local residents as "Piccola Parigi" ('Little Paris').
21st century.
San Giorgio a Cremano is primarily a residential commune; however, despite the large area of the commune that is occupied by high-density apartment buildings, small scale agriculture still prevails upon sections of private land.
Like many parts of Naples, the commune of San Giorgio a Cremano has suffered badly in recent years from the crippling garbage crisis that has affected the whole city. Particularly during festive seasons such as Easter and Christmas, large piles of uncollected garbage have regularly been allowed to build up in the streets, creating an unsightly image and a serious health concern. As with other parts of the city, the frustration of local residents has sometimes boiled over in the form of them setting fire to the piles, which often contain chemicals and plastics that give off toxic fumes, creating a further health hazard, and posing a serious threat to firemen called to tackle the dangerous blazes. 
After having suffered for some months, San Giorgio a Cremano was one of the first communes of the Province of Naples to engage population in an extensive campaign of garbage differentiation. Traditional indifferentiate garbage collecting boxes were removed from the streets, and it was started up a new system, according to which different materials are collected door-to-door in different days. The new approach was so efficacious that San Giorgio was awarded a € 480.000 prize by the Campania Region for being a benchmark for the whole area, with a differentiated garbage collection quota reaching a value of 65% in 2012, thus topping the ranking of the Province of Naples.
In July 2008, San Giorgio a Cremano was selected by Poste Italiane to be one of several communes around Italy to participate in an experimental pilot scheme in which citizens are able to apply for official certificates and documents using a 'digital stamp' system.
Main sights.
San Giorgio a Cremano is a primarily residential commune, meaning much of the cityscape is dominated by apartment buildings. There are some notable features of the commune.
San Giorgio is home to five churches Church of San Giorgio Vecchio, Church of Santa Maria del Principio, Church of Saint Anne, Church of St. Anthony of Padua and the Ill Tempio della Madonna (Temple of the Madonna, Queen of the Lilies).
There are a number of beautiful villas (as listed below), the so-called "Vesuvian Villas", the most notable of which are Villa Bruno, Villa Vannucchi and Villa Pignatelli all of which were built by architect Ferdinando Sanfelice.
Various architectural types can be found throughout San Giorgio a Cremano, and the commune certainly represents a harmonic blend of several different eras of construction. Many new (sometimes incomplete and abandoned) structures sit alongside apartment blocks from the 19th century or earlier. Stark fascist era modernist architecture is less common than within Naples, but can be seen.
Other Villas in San Giorgio a Cremano include:
Demographics.
San Giorgio a Cremano has a population of 50,763 as of 2008, 24,415 males, and 26,248 females. There are 15,840 families. 6,103 people from San Giorgio a Cremano are in full-time work within the commune, which is a total of 12.02%, and the most common form of employment is within the service industry, which makes up 30.43% of all work within the commune.
The "comune" has a land area of , resulting in a population density of , the third most densely populated commune in Italy (after Portici and Casavatore), and one of the most densely populated local government areas within the whole European Union.
Government.
Politics.
As a comune within the Province of Naples, San Giorgio a Cremano is run by a local council ("Consiglio Comunale") that consists of a Mayor ("Sindaco") and a committee of aldermen ("Assessore comunale"). The current Mayor is Domenico Giorgiano of the Democratic Party. The council meets at San Giorgio a Cremano City Hall which is located facing Piazza Vittorio Emanuele at the end of Corso Roma, one of the main central streets of San Giorgio a Cremano.
Crime.
Like all comunes of Italy, San Giorgio a Cremano is home to a Carabinieri base. They are responsible for national security within the region. Crime prevention and detection duties are shared between the "Polizia di Stato" (State Police), and the "Polizia Municipale di San Giorgio a Cremano'.
Minor crime is quite unusual in San Giorgio a Cremano and major crimes like homicides are very rare. The residents of San Giorgio are very family and community oriented in general, and it remains quite a safe comune in which to live.
Economy.
Although primarily a residential area, the commune of San Giorgio a Cremano has maintained a local textiles industry since the Middle Ages, possibly as early as the 8th century. Threatened in recent times by cheap imported textiles from Asia, the local industry has managed to survive through the local economic support that can be found amongst Italian communities. Hand-weaving and industrial textile industries are both still found in the commune, and shirts and ties of a high quality which are exported internationally are manufactured there.
Likewise, small scale agriculture has resisted the pressure from high-density apartment developments, and small orchards and farms can be occasionally seem dotted throughout the commune. One of the few remaining heavier industries is canning, and there are several canning factories within the commune.
San Giorgio also has a strong retail sector, located primarily along the Via Manzoni and Via De Lauzieres, and in the streets around one of the main squares, Piazza Massimo Troisi and the Circumvesuviana station, many small retail outlets and fashion stores can be found. Streetside news stands, open-air fish-mongers and old-fashioned green-grocers are still a common sight mixed in with modern convenience stores and supermarkets. Many residents prefer to do their shopping locally, rather than take the rail link into central Naples.
Culture.
The commune of San Giorgio a Cremano has a typical Italian culture, similar to the rest of Naples. The commune is very community oriented, with the local football team well supported despite playing in a lower division. As with much of Italy, the residents of San Giorgio tend to be quite religious, and attendances at all of the commune's major Roman Catholic churches are quite high.
For festive occasions such as Easter, and Christmas residents can often be seen engaging in religious processions with great pagantry, the loud playing traditional music, songs, and folk dances. Dating back to at least the 16th or 17th century, but possibly much earlier, the procession forms and integral part of the religious lives of local residents.
A statue of Saint George is carried throughout the comune to bring good fortune, and ward of evils, but primarily to protect the comune from future eruptions of Mount Vesuvius. The processions are normally accompanied by local devotees of the Christian 'sect' of Saint George carrying the large statue of Saint George aloft at the head of the procession. It is said by locals that in the 1630s, the church of St. Maria del Principle received as a gift from Emmanuela Caracciolo Pignatelli, Duchess of Montecalvo, a new statue of St. George, half bust, and that is what they venerate today. However the statue depicts Saint George in crusader costume, so must date post-13th century. Whether the procession dates from the 8th century, or the 16th, it is now part of a long, well entrenched tradition embraced by local Sangiorgesi.
Festive seasons form an important element of the calendar throughout Italy, and especially so for the locals of San Giorgio a Cremano. New Year's Eve is greeted with spectacular displays of often high powered fireworks display, and almost all residents engage is creating personal shows to great effect.
The commune has a vibrant nightlife, if slightly less subdued that downtown Naples. In San Giorgio a Cremano there are one major cinema, the Cinema Flaminio, and three theatres, Sonora Centro Musica, Associazione Teatrale Spazio Uno Per il Teatro, and Associazione Culturale Teatro Sanacore. There are also numerous live music venues, often in located in bars. There are many bars, restaurants and cafes which open very late, and driving around the commune in the evening to visit friends and check out bars is a popular pastime with young residents. This often has the effect that the central streets of San Giorgio are normally crowded and heavy with traffic in the late evening.
Sports.
There is very little room for sporting facilities within the crowded commune of San Giorgio a Cremano, although some facilities do exist. A small stadium with a running track and grass field exists on Via Picenna. There is a popular artificial turf 5-a-side pitch located on Via Guglielmo Marconi. Next door to this pitch is a popular gymnasium. In Villa Bruno there is also a dedicated Bocce pitch, which is quite popular amongst older men of the commune.
The commune only has one major football team, known as Polisportiva San Giorgio a Cremano, who currently play in the Eccellenza Campania league, equivalent to the sixth highest division in Italian football, or the second highest amateur league. The club was founded in 1926, and play their home matches in the local "R. Paudice stadium" on Via Sandriana known affectionately as "The Den", which has a gravel pitch, and grandstands on one side and one end of the pitch with a total capacity of 1,200. Attendances for home matches are quite reasonable for the level of competition. San Giorgio play in all-maroon shirts, shorts and socks, and the club crest is a vertical oval shape with a maroon circle in the centre. Inside the circle is a depiction of Saint George on horseback, above the circle is the name "San Giorgio" and underneath, the year of the club's foundation, "1926".
Media.
San Giorgio a Cremano receives all the major Italian television channels as well as all of the major Italian radio stations. Quite often English language television signals that are broadcast from the nearby NATO base can be picked up throughout the comune. All of the major Italian daily newspapers are available regularly in San Giorgio a Cremano. Some International newspapers such as International Herald Tribune and the Daily Mail (English), Bild and Die Welt (German), and Le Monde (French), as well as some English magazines can often be found as well.
Film is an important part of the local culture, and the celebrated Italian comic actor Massimo Troisi, originally from San Giorgio a Cremano, is commemorated in the first week of July when the Massimo Troisi Prize, a comic film festival is held locally in his honour. San Giorgio a Cremano is also home to the Nick La Rocca European Jazz Festival.
Local folk music has long been a part of the local traditions. Neapolitan music is distinctive, a very popular throughout the province, including within San Giorgio a Cremano.
Housing.
San Giorgio a Cremano is one of the most densely populated areas in Europe, and therefore space for housing is at a premium. As of 2008, there was 17,017 housing units within the commune's area of . Most residents of San Giorgio live in high density apartment buildings, usually within complexes that may consist of up to 50 apartments.
Infrastructure.
Transportation.
The main public transportation in San Giorgio a Cremano is by bus routes 156 Piazza Garibaldi - Via Manzoni (San Giorgio a Cremano); 159 Piazza Municipio (Cercola) - Via Alveo (Ercolano); 175 palazza IACP (Pollena) - Via Brin; and trolleybus route 256 Piazza Garibaldi - P.tta Della Pace (San Giorgio A Cremano); as well as the Circumvesuviana rail lines 3 and 6, for which there is a stop in San Giorgio a Cremano. The neighbouring stations are Santa Maria del Pozzo to the northwest, and Cavalli di Bronzo to the south. Services between San Giorgio and Naples are regular and quite reliable, and with many residents commuting to Naples for work the station is often busy. Despite this, more residents prefer to travel by car than utilise either the rail or bus networks. The neighbouring stations are Circumvesuviana Cavalli di Bronzo-Villa Bruno to the south, and Circumvesuviana Santa Maria del Pozzo to the north-west.
San Giorgio a Cremano Station was opened on the original Naples - Poggiomarino line, but was unpopular and soon neglected. The station was soon after becoming very dilapidated, and in major need of renovation. However it was improved with the electrification of the network, and again in the 1990s when major renovations were undertaken. The track area was widened, and a platform on Line 3 was added, with an overpass for access. Despite the improvements, the station is regularly the target for local graffiti artists, whose work on the station ranges from simple tags to elaborate murals.
The station is built over two levels, with street level access and ticket hall, and a lower waiting room and platform access.
Utilities.
There are no local utilities providers in San Giorgio a Cremano, or indeed Naples. The major utility suppliers in Italy have now officially all been privatised, but the majority of supply still comes from the old formerly state-run monopolies. Italians tend to be conservative in choosing suppliers, and so the old government suppliers still tend to be preferred by consumers unwilling to switch to alternative providers.
The major telecommunications provider throughout Italy is Telecom Italia, which although now privatised, is protected from competition by regulation allowing it to continue to monopolise the provision of such service. Telecom Italia is also a popular provider of mobile service under the brand banner of Telecom Italia Mobile, more commonly referred to as TIM, and also provides internet services under the brand Alice. TIM is also the primary holder of three Italian television stations, La7, MTV Italy, and QOOB.
The major electricity supplier is Ente Nazionale per l'energia ELettrica (ENEL), which although also privatised, is subject to strict governmental controls. It has an annual revenue of €38.153 billion, making it the third largest energy provider in the world. Electricity supply can be unpredictable in the Naples region, although has been more regular in recent years. Residential power supply generally provided between 1.5 kW and 6 kW, although commercial premised and industries are supplied at higher wattages. Most Italian homes run at 3 kW, which often results in blown fuses if too much demand is placed on the supply. Gas provision has slightly more choice for the consumer than electricity, but surprisingly tends to be more expensive. SIG and Italgas are the major suppliers, and most properties in San Giorgio a Cremano are connected to mains supply, although bomboli, or small portable gas canisters are still used by some residents.
Water is supplied through Azienda Comunale Energia e Ambiente (ACEA), and prices are fixed locally by the comune. Most residents in San Giorgio a Cremano have metered water supply.
Education.
There are 22 schools in San Giorgio a Cremano catering for the high population density. Of these there are 14 State, or government schools, and 8 are privates schools, most of which have religious affiliations to the Catholic faith.
Further Education facilities include the Scuola di Lingue ('British' Language School), L'Arcobaleno primary school, Istituto A.Manzoni Srl, Istituto Regina Mundi Suore Di Maria Ss.Addolorata, Istituto Tecnico Industriale, Liceo Scientifico Statale San Giorgio A Cremano, Pia Unione A.M.I., Scuola Materna, Scuola Materna I Cuccioli, Scuola Media Statale G. D Orso Presidenza, Scuola Media Statale Marconi, Scuole Pubbliche, Suore Di Carita' Materna Beatrice D'Amato, Scuola Auto Moto Nautica Di Manda Carla, Comune Di San Giorgio A Cremano Scuola Elementare, and Scuola Delta Di Vitiello Giulia & C. S.A.S.
San Giorgio a Cremano is not directly served by a university within the comune, but many students from within the comune attend one of the four major unitiversities located within Naples itself. These universities are: University of Naples Federico II (), Second University of Naples (), Naples Eastern University (), Parthenope University of Naples (), and Suor Orsola Benincasa University of Naples ().

</doc>
<doc id="2863667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863667" title="Merchant Mariner's Document">
Merchant Mariner's Document

__NOTOC__
Countries with a Merchant Navy or Merchant Marine require identifying credentials for their mariners. The Merchant Mariner's Document (MMD) or Z-card in the United States, and the Ordinary Seaman's Certificate in the United Kingdom are examples of these credentials.
United Kingdom.
An Ordinary Seaman Certificate is a required certification to obtain a job as an Ordinary Seaman, a rating in a merchant ship's deck department. It consists mostly of proof of identity, proof of some minimal health (possibly including a drug test) and some minimal age, and the standards defined under Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers (STCW).
A Z-CARD is also a folded leaflet format, typically used for marketing communications.
United States.
The Merchant Mariner's Document (MMD), previously called a Z-Card, is a kind of Merchant Mariner Credential previously issued by the United States Coast Guard in accordance with the STCW guidelines, and, until completely phased out, remains one of the standard documents required for all crewmembers of U.S. ships with a Gross Register Tonnage of over 100. An entry-level MMD allows a mariner to work on the deck as an Ordinary Seaman (OS), in the engine department as a Wiper, or in the steward's department as a Food Handler (FH). With experience and testing, qualified ratings such as Able Seaman (AB) or Qualified Member of the Engine Department (QMED) can be obtained.
The document is the size of a driver's license, and contains the sailor's information regarding date of birth, the location of issue, nationality, and the shipboard duties he or she is qualified for. Crewmen on any vessel over 100 gross tons are required to have one by United States law.
The document was created shortly after World War II ended in 1945 to maintain security in ports around the world when sabotage was still a major concern. Today, the document still serves this purpose, and is regarded as a proof of identity as well as a passport when a sailor is in a foreign country. The document had to be renewed every five years.
Prior to the early 1990s, Z-Cards were obtained free of charge and were good for life, but increased safety standards in the maritime industry sought to keep all active mariners renewing these documents and constantly training to stay abreast of any advancements in their field. All applicants for a Z-Card are required to apply, take a drug test, and wait for a criminal background check to complete before receiving their documents, which may take anywhere from a few weeks to several years.
The name Z-Card comes from its early days in use where the sailor's ID number always started with the letter 'Z'.
The Coast Guard has begun replacing the Merchant Mariner's Document, STCW Certificate, and Certificate of Registry with a new credential, the passport-style Merchant Mariner Credential. Mariners will receive the new credential when they apply for a new document or renew their current document. Current MMD's remain valid until their expiration date.

</doc>
<doc id="2863719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863719" title="Hexagonal tiling">
Hexagonal tiling

In geometry, the hexagonal tiling is a regular tiling of the Euclidean plane, in which three hexagons meet at each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of "{6,3}" or "t{3,6}" (as a truncated triangular tiling).
Conway calls it a hextille.
The internal angle of the hexagon is 120 degrees so three hexagons at a point make a full 360 degrees. It is one of three regular tilings of the plane. The other two are the triangular tiling and the square tiling.
Applications.
The hexagonal tiling is the densest way to arrange circles in two dimensions. The Honeycomb conjecture states that the hexagonal tiling is the best way to divide a surface into regions of equal area with the least total perimeter. The optimal three-dimensional structure for making beehives (or rather, soap bubbles) was investigated by Lord Kelvin, who believed that the Kelvin structure (or body-centered cubic lattice) is optimal. However, the less regular Weaire-Phelan structure is slightly better.
Chicken wire consists of a hexagonal lattice of wires. This structure exists naturally in the form of graphite, where each sheet of graphene resembles chicken wire, with strong covalent carbon bonds. Tubular graphene sheets have been synthesised; these are known as carbon nanotubes. They have many potential applications, due to their high tensile strength and electrical properties.
The hexagonal tiling appears in many crystals. In three dimensions, the face-centered cubic and hexagonal close packing are common crystal structures. They are the densest known sphere packings in three dimensions, and are believed to be optimal. Structurally, they comprise parallel layers of hexagonal tilings, similar to the structure of graphite. They differ in the way that the layers are staggered from each other, with the face-centered cubic being the more regular of the two. Pure copper, amongst other materials, forms a face-centered cubic lattice.
Uniform colorings.
There are 3 distinct uniform colorings of a hexagonal tiling, all generated from reflective symmetry of Wythoff constructions. The (h,k) represent the periodic repeat of one colored tile, counting hexagonal distances as "h" first, and "k" second.
The 3-color tiling is a tessellation generated by the order-3 permutohedrons.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
This tiling is topologically related to regular polyhedra with vertex figure "n"3, as a part of sequence that continues into the hyperbolic plane.
This tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of regular tilings with hexagonal faces, starting with the hexagonal tiling, with Schläfli symbol {6,n}, and Coxeter diagram , progressing to infinity.
It is similarly related to the uniform truncated polyhedra with vertex figure "n".6.6.
This tiling is also a part of a sequence of truncated rhombic polyhedra and tilings with [n,3] Coxeter group symmetry. The cube can be seen as a rhombic hexahedron where the rhombi are squares. The truncated forms have regular n-gons at the truncated vertices, and nonregular hexagonal faces. The sequence has two vertex figures (n.6.6) and (6,6,6).
The hexagonal tiling can be considered an "elongated rhombic tiling", where each vertex of the rhombic tiling is stretched into a new edge. This is similar to the relation of the rhombic dodecahedron and the rhombo-hexagonal dodecahedron tessellations in 3 dimensions.
Wythoff constructions from hexagonal and triangular tilings.
Like the uniform polyhedra there are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling).
Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
Topologically identical tilings.
Hexagonal tilings can be made with the identical {6,3} topology as the regular tiling (3 hexagons around every vertex). With identical faces (face-transitivity) and vertex-transitivity, there are 12 variations, with the first 7 identified as quadrilaterals that don't connect edge-to-edge, or as hexagons with two pairs of colinear edges. Symmetry given assumes all faces are the same color.
It can also be distorted into a chiral 4-colored tri-directional weaved pattern, distorting some hexagons into parallelograms. The weaved pattern with 4-colored faces have rotational 632 (p6) symmetry.
Circle packing.
The hexagonal tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 3 other circles in the packing (kissing number). The gap inside each hexagon allows for one circle, creating the densest packing from the triangular tiling#circle packing, with each circle contact with the maximum of 6 circles.

</doc>
<doc id="2863723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863723" title="PubChem">
PubChem

PubChem is a database of chemical molecules and their activities against biological assays. The system is maintained by the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), a component of the National Library of Medicine, which is part of the United States National Institutes of Health (NIH). PubChem can be accessed for free through a web user interface. Millions of compound structures and descriptive datasets can be freely downloaded via FTP. PubChem contains substance descriptions and small molecules with fewer than 1000 atoms and 1000 bonds. More than 80 database vendors contribute to the growing PubChem database.
Databases.
PubChem consists of three dynamically growing primary databases. As of 7 January 2011:
Searching.
Searching the databases is possible for a broad range of properties including chemical structure, name fragments, chemical formula, molecular weight, XLogP, and hydrogen bond donor and acceptor count.
PubChem contains its own online molecule editor with SMILES/SMARTS and InChI support that allows the import and export of all common chemical file formats to search for structures and fragments.
Each hit provides information about synonyms, chemical properties, chemical structure including SMILES and InChI strings, bioactivity, and links to structurally related compounds and other NCBI databases like PubMed.
In the text search form the database fields can be searched by adding the field name in square brackets to the search term. A numeric range is represented by two numbers separated by a colon. The search terms and field names are case-insensitive. Parentheses and the logical operators AND, OR, and NOT can be used. AND is assumed if no operator is used.
Example (Lipinski's Rule of Five):
History.
PubChem was released in 2004.
ACS's concerns.
The American Chemical Society has raised concerns about the publicly supported PubChem database, since it appears to directly compete with their existing Chemical Abstracts Service. They have a strong interest in the issue since the Chemical Abstracts Service generates a large percentage of the society's revenue. To advocate their position against the PubChem database, ACS has actively lobbied the US Congress.
Soon after PubChem's creation, the American Chemical Society lobbied U.S. Congress to restrict the operation of PubChem, which they asserted competes with their Chemical Abstracts Service.

</doc>
<doc id="2863736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863736" title="Walter Harriman (governor)">
Walter Harriman (governor)

Walter Harriman (April 8, 1817July 25, 1884) was an American preacher, merchant, soldier, and politician who served two terms as the Governor of New Hampshire. He was a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Early life and career.
Harriman was born in Warner, New Hampshire, where he was raised and educated. He taught school at a number of academies in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and New Jersey from 1835 through 1840. While teaching, he studied theology and in 1840 joined the Universalist Church. He later preached in Harvard, Massachusetts, and his native Warner.
In 1849, Harriman entered politics as a Democrat and was elected to the New Hampshire state legislature, serving through 1850. The following year, he resigned as a minister and opened a store in Warner, partnering with John S. Pillsbury, a future Governor of Minnesota and industrialist. In 1853, Harriman returned to politics and served as State Treasurer until 1854 when he moved to Washington, D.C., to take the role as Clerk of the Pension Office, a patronage position which he held until 1856 when President James Buchanan took office and replaced Harriman with his own selection.
Harriman returned to New Hampshire and was elected to the state legislature in 1858. He was subsequently elected to the state senate, serving there from 1859 through 1861. Upon the completion of his term, he entered the newspaper business as an editor in Manchester, New Hampshire.
Civil War.
In 1862, Harriman was appointed colonel of the 11th New Hampshire, a newly raised three-years regiment of infantry. He led his regiment from Cincinnati, Ohio, across the rugged Cumberland Plateau of Kentucky and Tennessee to join Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside's army in Knoxville, Tennessee. Harriman had no horse and walked with his men. During this 20-day journey, Harriman and his regiment camped for several days on the Emory River in Tennessee near the future location of the city of Harriman. (The directors of the company that later founded the city there decided to name it for him after having a conversation with an elderly man who fondly remembered Colonel Harriman and recalled the colonel saying that there should be a town near his regiment's campsite.)
He interrupted his military service to run as a War Democrat in the 1863 gubernatorial campaign. He siphoned off enough regular Democratic votes to give the election to Republican candidate Joseph A. Gilmore. Harriman rejoined the 11th New Hampshire in time for the Battle of the Wilderness during the Overland Campaign. He was captured and sent south as a prisoner of war. He was exchanged in September 1864, and mustered out as a Brevet brigadier general in June 1865.
Postbellum career.
Following the Civil War's conclusion in early 1865, Harriman joined the Republican Party and served as the New Hampshire Secretary of State until 1867, when he was elected as the state's governor. Harriman served two terms as Governor of New Hampshire from 1867 to 1869. Governor Harriman urged the public and the legislature to develop New Hampshire's agricultural, industrial and forest resources, in order to develop a post-war economy. He was very concerned with the education of post-war citizens of the state, and he signed an act creating teacher institutes. He personally drafted a law to get education out from under county commissioners, and he established an education fund with monies from the sale of state lands.
In retirement, Harriman served as Naval Officer for the Port of Boston until 1877. He published his "History of Warner" in 1879, and then traveled to Europe and the Far East from 1882–83. He published "Travels and Observations in the Far East" in 1883.
Walter Harriman died the following year in Concord, New Hampshire, where he is buried.
In the early 1890s Harriman's son, Walter C. Harriman, was one of the founders of the city of Harriman, Tennessee, which is named for Governor Harriman.

</doc>
<doc id="2863742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863742" title="Tamil honorifics">
Tamil honorifics

In Tamil, honorifics (, muṟai) governs daily speech and register of both written and spoken communication. Traditionally, Tamil has been classified into two registers "viz." செந்தமிழ் (Centamiḻ) meaning 'classical' or 'pure ' Tamil and கொடுந்தமிழ் (Koṭuntamiḻ) meaning 'corrupt' Tamil, a huge feature of this difference is honorifics. Tamil honorifics usually are suffixes, although prefixes are not uncommon.
General.
Lexical choice.
Lexical choice plays a vital role in Tamil society as depending on the choice of words, the register may alter.
Not all words in Tamil necessarily have a different colloquial, low, standard and high equivalents.
-n, -l, -r.
Tamil nouns can end in ன் (n), ள் (ḷ) or ர் (r). ன் (n) and ள் (ḷ) are used to people of lesser social order to denote male and female respectively. ர் (r) is used as a form of respect to a person of higher social order.
Reflecting the importance of this ending, some Tamil castes have re-configured their caste names to end in /r/ rather than /n/, rendering them honorific. Such castes include the Pallar (formerly "Pallan") and Paraiyar (formerly "Paraiyan").
Kār/Mār.
கார் (Kār) is a singular honorific suffix to refer to a single collective noun. காரர் (Kārar) is a higher form of கார் (Kār). For example, கடைக்கார் (kaṭaikār) means 'shop-keeper' while கடைக்காரர் (kaṭaikārar) can be translated as 'honorable shop-keeper'. It is used to show and maintain a respectful distance in a relationship, as such is used to refer to stranger(s). 
மார் (Mār) is a plural honorific suffix used to refer to a collective noun. மாரர் (Mārar) is a higher form of மார் (Mār). For example, அக்காக்கள் (akkākkal) means 'elder sisters' and is a plural, அக்காமார் (Akkāmār) means 'those honorable elder sisters' and is a collective plural while அக்காமாரர் (Akkāmārar) can be translated as 'those venerable elder sisters' and is also a collective plural. It is used to show respectful closeness or appraisal in a relationship, as such is used to refer to familiar person(s),
Ar.
னார் (Nār), ஞர் (ñar) and யார் (yār) is an honorific suffix affixed after a noun to highlight its influence or importance. Its use implies that the noun is a collective singular. The rules to conjugate them are as follows: if the noun ends with ன், its ending would be னார் (Nār); if a noun ends with ஞன் (ñan), its ending would be ஞர் (ñar); if a noun ends with ஐ (ai) or இ (i), its ending would be யார் (yār). 
For example, தகப்பனார் (takappanār) is more polite than saying தகப்பன் (takappan). தகப்பன் (takappan) means 'father', so தகப்பனார் (takappanār) can be translated as 'respectable father'. Other examples include நாயனார் (nāyanār), இளைஞர் (iḷaiñar), மூப்பனார் (moopanār), etc.
Ṭa/Ṭi.
டா (Ṭa) and டி (Ṭi) are deictic honorific suffixes used to referring male and females respectively of a lower social order. A verb usually precedes it.
Personal pronouns.
The register of use can vary depending on the situation. For example, saying என் வீடு (En veeṭu) meaning 'my house' is considered rude even when if the house does not belong to the listener as it can suggest possessiveness. 
For the purpose of this article, the order of register descends from majestic > official > standard > low.
Others.
அவ்விடம் (avviṭam) which literally means 'that place' and இவ்விடம் (ivviṭam) which literally means 'this place' can be used to politely differentiate between two parties without explicating the difference. 
வொய் / வோய் (woi) can replace a second person or proper noun in some southern dialects. It shows a lot of familiarity between the speakers. என்ன வொய்? (Enna voi) is a common phrase in districts like Madurai and Tirunelveli, and can be roughly translated as 'Wassup?'
Inclusives and Exclusives.
Tamil differentiates between inclusive and exclusive plural pronouns. எம் (Em) is an exclusive 'our' whereas நம் (Nam) is an inclusive 'our'. It is usually more polite to use the latter.
Demonstratives.
Tamil third person pronouns referred above also act as demonstratives as the initial prefix அ "a" refers to the person at a distance as opposed to the same pronoun used with the prefix இ "i" which refers to the person at a relative proximity:
அவன்/இவன் (Avan/Ivan) ; அவள்/இவள் (Avaḷ/Ivaḷ) ; அவர்/இவர் (Avar/Ivar) ; அது/இது (Atu/Itu) ; அவர்கள்/இவர்கள் (Avargaḷ/Ivargaḷ) ; அவை/இவை (Avai/Ivai)
Titular.
Tiru/Tirumati.
Tiru (), is a Tamil honorific prefix used while addressing adult males in Tamil, being the equivalent of the English "Mr." or the French "Monsieur".
"Thiru" is a word that also means "sacred" or "holy". It is also a Tamil name for the God Mahavishnu, who is called "Thirumaal" (திருமால்), and Goddess Lakshmi, who is called "Thirumagal" (திருமகள்) in Tamil. It is also meant for "wealth", "respect", and "name" in Tamil language.
The word "Thiru" is part of many city-names, such as Trivandrum or Thiruvananthapuram; Thiruchendur, Thiruvaiyaru, Thiruvenkadam, Thirumalai, Thirupathi, Thiruchirappalli, Thirukoilur, Thirukumaran, Thiruvannamalai etc. This list is endless; the word Thiru forms part of the name of many other cities and towns in South India.
Celvan/Celvi.
These are used to refer to unmarried people.
செல்வன் (Celvan): is the Tamil equivalent of Master.
செல்வி (Celvi): is the Tamil equivalent of Miss.
Honorary.
Avarkaḷ/Vāḷ.
அவர்கள் (Avarkaḷ) and வாள் (Vāḷ) are honorific suffixes that affix after a noun. They are used to show respect to people of equal or higher social order. For example, ஜோன்-அவர்கள் (Jōn-avarkaḷ), ஐயர்-வாள் (Aiyar-Vāḷ). The அவர்கள் (Avarkaḷ) honorific can only used in third person reference.
Kanam.
கனம் (kanam) means 'weight' in Tamil. It is used as a prefix, usually to refer to a judge. It is equivalent to the English 'The Right Worshipful'.
Mānpumiku.
மான்புமிகு (mānpumiku) is a prefix meaning 'very respectable' and is equivalent to the English 'The Right Honourable', it is usually followed by a noun.
Aiyā/Yā.
அய்யா (Aiyā) is an honorific suffix literally meaning 'Father'. It can be used to mean 'respectful' when addressing someone of equal or higher social order. 
யா (yā) is a contraction of அய்யா (Aiyā), and is also an honorific suffix attached to a noun. It shows familiarity between the speakers, and can be a faux pas if not used properly. In this context, யோ (yō) can fully replace the noun.
Ammā.
அம்மா (Ammā) can also act as an honorific suffix to show respect to an elderly or middle-aged female of higher social order. It can be equivalent to the English 'Lady'.
Amuni.
அமுனி (Amuni) or அம்முனி (Ammuni) is an honorific suffix also equivalent to the English 'Lady', but restricted to young women or girls of higher social order. Its use is usually restricted to rural dialects where social order is much more defined.
Aṇṇācci/Aṇṇātai.
அண்ணாச்சி (aṇṇācci) strictly means 'elder brother' and is a corruption of அண்ணா (aṇṇā). More often, it is used to address a leader of a gang. அண்ணாத்தை (aṇṇātai) with the same meaning and etymology is also used in some dialects.
Cellam.
செல்லம் (Cellam) is equivalent to the English 'dear'. It can be used as a suffix to show endearment.
Kuṭṭi.
குட்டி (kuṭṭi) literally means 'tiny'. It can be used as an endearing suffix while referring to children.
Maccān/Maccini.
மச்சான் (machchān), or மச்சினன் (maccinan) in literary Tamil, is a title used to refer to a brother-in-law. Maccini is its female equivalent. Machchan, or its contraction Machchi can also be used colloquially between friends as an expression of familiarity or fraternity.
Mā/Pā.
These contractions of ammā and appā can act as an endearing suffix in colloquial Tamil when referring to females and males, respectively, of a lower social order than self. It is usually preceded by a verb. For example, "wā-pā" is a more endearing and polite manner for an elderly person such as a mother to invite someone younger than themselves such as a son instead of simply "wā".
Periyavar/Periyavanga.
பெரியவர் (periyavar) means 'lit. he/she who is big' is used to refer to an elderly stranger. Although, technically it is gender neutral, it usually refers to men. While பெரியவங்க (Periyavanga) literally meaning 'they who are big' is used for women instead. However, it is not a faux pas to use kinship honorifics to strangers.
Piḷḷai.
In some dialects of Tamil, it is common for adults to call young people or children பிள்ளை (Piḷḷai) or its contraction ல (ḷa) used as a suffix. பிள்ளை (Piḷḷai) means 'child' in Tamil.
Ecclesiastical.
These are titles used in clerical orders in Tamil. They may be religion specific or pan-religious.
Aiyar.
அய்யர் (Aiyar) is a general title for 'priest' usually used to refer to Hindu priests. The priest in question does not have to belong to the Aiyar caste. It means 'father'.
Āyar/Pērāyar.
ஆயர் (āyar) means 'shepherd' in Old Tamil, used by the Catholic and Anglican priests. பேராயிர் (pērāyar) is Tamil for bishop.
Aṭigaḷ.
அடிகள் (aṭigaḷ) is a pan-religious title used to denote priests or monks and is a Tamil alternative to the Sanskrit 'swami'. Notable examples include Ilango Adigal, a Jain monk who composed the Silappatikaram and Maraimalai Adigal, a Saivite leader of the Pure Tamil movement and the Non-Brahministic movement. It means 'footsteps'.
Āzhwār.
ஆழ்வார் (Āzhwār) were a celebrated group of twelve Vaishnavaite saint-poets. It means 'them who have drowned'.
Cittar.
சித்தர் (cittar) were a group of physicians who founded the Siddha medicine.
Nāyanār.
நாயனார் (Nāyanārs) were a celebrated group of sixty-three Shaivaite saint-poets.
Tiruṭtantai.
திருத்தந்தை (Tiruṭtantai) is a title specific to the Pope, the head of the Catholic faith, meaning 'Holy Father'.
Pātariyār.
பாதரியர் (pātariyār) is the Tamil equivalent of pastor, especially to the ordained of the Baptist faith. It means 'they who know the way'.
Poocāri.
பூசாரி (poocāri) is a title used to refer to priestesses of rural non-Agamic deities.
Turavi.
துறவி (turavi) is a pan-religious title used specifically for monks or nuns, or generally those who have left worldly life for spirituality.
Kinship.
Āyā.
ஆயா (Aaya) is a title which can mean 'grandma'. It is usually used for elderly maids, or wet nurses.
Appan, Aiyan, Accan and Attān.
அப்பன் (Appan), அய்யன் (Aiyan), அச்சன் (Achchan) and அத்தான் (Attān) have the semantic root meaning 'father'. However, they can be used differently depending on the context. Appan and Accan are usually used to refer to fathers. Attan can also be used to refer to a sister's husband, or simply endearingly by females. Aiyan or Aiya can be used to refer to scholars, or to show respect to a member of higher social order. They can all act as a suffix.
Ammā, Āttā, Ācci, Amman and Ammaiyar.
அம்மா (Ammā), ஆத்தா (āttā), ஆச்சி (āchchi), அம்மன் (Amman) and அம்மையார் (Ammaiyar) all have the semantic root meaning 'mother', literally means mother. However, they can be used differently depending on the context. அம்மா (Ammā) is the standard register equivalent to 'mum', ஆத்தா (ātta) is a more familiar register, usually used in rural dialects, and is equivalent to 'mummy', and அம்மையார் (Ammaiyar) is the highest register equivalent to 'mother'. 
அம்மா (Ammā) can also act as an honorific suffix to show respect to an elderly or middle-aged female of higher social order. It can be equivalent to the English 'Lady'.
ஆச்சி (āchchi) is an endearing and more familiar title for grandmother. Manorama, a veteran Tamil actress is affectionately known by this name. Occasionally, அம்மாச்சி (Ammāchchi), a portmanteau of the words அம்மா (Ammā) and ஆச்சி (āchchi) is also used. 
அம்மன் (Amman), on its own or as a suffix refers to a range of non-Agamic folk goddesses. See Village deities of Tamil Nadu and Village deities of Tamils of Sri Lanka.
Tōzhan/Tōzhi.
தோழன் (tōzhan) can be translated as 'comrade' or 'soul mate'. தோழி (tōzhi) is its female equivalent. A prefix மன (mana) can be affixed in front to mean best man and bridesmaid respectively. Cuntarar was known as 'Tampiran tōzhan' or Comrade of the Master. It is of high register, and as such is not used in spoken Tamil.
Occupational.
Teacher.
வாத்தியார் (vāttiyār) and ஆசிரியர் (āciriyar) both can refer to teachers. வாத்தி (vātti) a contraction of வாத்தியார் (vāttiyār) is a more familiar address to teachers, and is usually frowned upon.
Poet.
புலவர் (pulavar) is the Tamil honorific suffix for poets. Notable recipients include Tiruvalluvar, Umaru Pulavar, Mayilvagana Pulavar and Kumaraswamy Pulavar.
Although, the Sanskrit கவிஞன் (kaviñar) is also used, which is a prefix. A notable recipient is கவிஞர் வைரமுத்து (kaviñar Vairamuttu).
Orator.
நாவலர் (nāvalar) is the Tamil honorific suffix for orators. A notable recipient is Arumuka Navalar.

</doc>
<doc id="2863769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863769" title="Anti-submarine mortar">
Anti-submarine mortar

Anti-submarine mortars are artillery pieces deployed on ships for the purpose of sinking submarines by a direct hit with a small explosive charge. They are often larger versions of the mortar used by infantry and fire a projectile in relatively the same manner. They were created during World War II as a development of the depth charge and work on the same principle.
Beginnings.
Anti-submarine warfare did not become an issue of great concern until World War I, when Germany used submarines in an attempt to strangle British shipping in the Atlantic Ocean and elsewhere. The earliest way to counter a submarine was in the form of depth charges, which were large canisters filled with explosives, rolled off the back of a ship and detonated by a hydrostatic fuse. Depth charges served well throughout World War I but were not without flaws. A ship had to pass directly over a submarine to score an effective hit, because of this depth charges were dropped in lines instead of more effective clusters and could only be carried in ships fast enough to avoid the concussion of the explosion. The depth charges were also not as effective as one might think at sinking a submarine - only a very close detonation would sink a submarine, and the problems of scoring a direct hit meant that a submarine was more often damaged then destroyed by depth charges.
Early anti-submarine mortars.
After WWI depth charge throwers were developed, which could hurl depth charges some off the side of a ship. These were a significant improvement over the old method, permitting the use of large 'patterns' of up to 10 depth charges from the throwers and stern depth charge rails used together. However they still required a ship to pass very close to a submarine, which entailed loss of sonar (ASDIC) contact during the final stages of the approach. Submarines could and did use this dead interval to take evasive action. 
During WW2 more effective systems, and the first Anti-submarine mortars, were developed. These all had the common characteristic of throwing the charge(s) ahead of the attacking vessel, while it was still in sonar contact. The first was the famous "Hedgehog", which consisted of 24 small mortar rounds, each one in diameter and weighing 65 pounds with a 35-pound warhead. Each projectile had a range of about and was fired in a circular pattern in front of a ship. While the warhead on a Hedgehog was much smaller than that of a depth charge it scored three times as many kills than its predecessors. This was due to the use of a contact fuse on the projectile, which would only detonate on impact with a target. Since the projectile would only explode on a hit the long periods of sonar "blackout" from the blast and turbulence of a conventional depthcharge explosion were eliminated. The Hedgehog was followed by the Squid three-barreled depth charge mortar, the two weapons remaining in service alongside each other in the later stages of WW2. Squid fired 390-lb depth charges to a range of 250 metres.
Modern uses.
The homing torpedo has largely replaced the anti-submarine mortar in naval combat, although several examples still exist. The British Limbo system, with three gyro-stabilized barrels, fires 350-pound projectiles to a range of . It remained in service with many British and Commonwealth navies until the 1980s. The Bofors anti-submarine rocket launcher was used until 1980 with the Swedish Navy. It had two or four barrels and fireds a 550-pound projectile up to . Due to the poor sonar conditions of the Baltic Sea mortars or rocket projectors still retain a place next to torpedoes. The former Soviet Navy (and by extension, the Russian Navy) is the largest user of anti-submarine mortars. Keeping with the Soviet idea that weapons should be simple and cheap, several versions of rocket-propelled anti-submarine mortars were developed. There were also conducted trials of destroying oncoming torpedoes with anti-submarine mortars. The most common is the RBU-6000, which fires twelve 160-pound projectiles in a horseshoe pattern up to away. There was also a more extreme version, the nuclear SUW-N-1, though this is more technically an anti-submarine rocket. It had anti-surface and land-attack uses as well.

</doc>
<doc id="2863774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863774" title="Assembly modelling">
Assembly modelling

Assembly modeling is a technology and methods used by computer-aided design and product visualization computer software systems to handle multiple files that represent components within a product. The components within an assembly are represented as solid or surface models.
The designer generally has access to models that others are working on concurrently. For example, several people may be designing one machine that has many parts. New parts are added to an assembly model as they are created. Each designer has access to the assembly model, while a work in progress, and while working in their own parts. The design evolution is visible to everyone involved. Depending on the system, it might be necessary for the users to acquire the latest versions saved of each individual components to update the assembly.
The individual data files describing the 3D geometry of individual components are assembled together through a number of sub-assembly levels to create an assembly describing the whole product. All CAD and CPD systems support this form of bottom-up construction. Some systems, via associative copying of geometry between components also allow top-down method of design.
Components can be positioned within the product assembly using absolute coordinate placement methods or by means of mating conditions. Mating conditions are definitions of the relative position of components between each other; for example alignment of axis of two holes or distance of two faces from one another. The final position of all components based on these relationships is calculated using a geometry constraint engine built into the CAD or visualization package.
The importance of assembly modeling in achieving the full benefits of PLM has led to ongoing advances in this technology. These include the use of lightweight data structures such as JT that allow visualization of and interaction with large amounts of product data, direct interface to between Digital Mock ups and PDM systems and active digital mock up technology that unites the ability to visualize the assembly mock up with the ability to measure, analyze, simulate, design and redesign.

</doc>
<doc id="2863776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863776" title="Tank truck">
Tank truck

A tank truck or tanker truck (United States usage) or petrol tanker (United Kingdom usage, both commonly shortened to tanker) is a motor vehicle designed to carry liquefied loads, dry bulk cargo or gases on roads. The largest such vehicles are similar to railroad tank cars which are also designed to carry liquefied loads. Many variants exist due to the wide variety of liquids that can be transported. Tank trucks tend to be large; they may be insulated or non-insulated; pressurized or non-pressurized; and designed for single or multiple loads (often by means of internal divisions in their tank). Some are semi-trailer trucks. They are difficult to drive due to their high center of gravity.
Size and volume.
Tank trucks are described by their size or volume capacity. Large trucks typically have capacities ranging from .
A tank truck is distinguished by its shape, usually a cylindrical tank upon the vehicle lying horizontally. Some less visible distinctions amongst tank trucks have to do with their intended use: compliance with human food regulations, refrigeration capability, acid resistance, pressurization capability, and more. The tanks themselves will almost always contain multiple compartments or baffles to prevent load movement destabilizing the vehicle.
Common large tank trucks.
Large tank trucks are used for example to transport gasoline to filling stations. They also transport a wide variety of liquid goods such as concrete, milk, water, gasoline, diesel, and industrial chemicals.
Tank trucks are constructed of various materials depending on what products they are hauling. These materials include aluminium, carbon steel, stainless steel, and fiberglass reinforced plastic (FRP).
Some tank trucks are able to carry multiple products at once due to compartmentation of the tank into 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 or in some rare cases more tank compartments. This allows for an increased number of delivery options. These trucks are commonly used to carry different grades of gasoline to service stations to carry all products needed in one trip.
Common small tank trucks.
Smaller tank trucks, with a capacity of less than are typically used to deal with light liquid cargo within a local community. A common example is a septic service truck used to vacuum clean several septic tanks and then deliver the septic material to a collection site. These tank trucks typically have a maximum capacity of . They are equipped with a pumping system to serve their particular need. 
Another common use is to deliver fuel such as liquified petroleum gas (LPG) to households. These trucks usually carry about of LPG under pressure.
Tank trucks are also used to fuel aircraft at airports.

</doc>
<doc id="2863786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863786" title="Pac-Man World 3">
Pac-Man World 3

Plot.
In a search for power, a short evil genius called Erwin has found a way to suck raw energy out of the world of the Ghosts (the Spectral Realm). He has created a syphon that can penetrate into the Spectral Realm. This is causing the Spectral Realm to collapse into the real world (Pac-Land), bringing about an environmental catastrophe. Meanwhile, Pac-Man is celebrating his 25th birthday with his family when he is teleported by Orson, a former nemesis of Pac-Man from the first "Pac-Man World" video game. Orson communicates to him and tells him about the Spectral Realm (after Pac-Man complains to Orson about messing up his party and throwing him into a trash pit). Pac-Man is attacked by fiery Spectral monsters of the orange, green, and purple varieties which have been driven mad by Erwin's hypnosis with Inky and Blinky (Clyde) have been kidnapped as part of Erwin's evil scheme, but Pinky and Clyde (Blinky) managed to escape.
Now Pac-Man must join forces with the ghosts, Orson, Pinky, and Clyde to stop Erwin before he destroys both the Real World and the Spectral Realm.
Gameplay.
Cutscenes pop up throughout the game, and instead of having just subtitles, the characters speak as well. The subtitles are configurable in the game's settings.
Pac-Man retains his moves from the previous two Pac-Man World games, like the butt-bounce and the rev-roll, and he gets the ability to punch. Now, butt-bouncing three times in a row will create a shock-wave that will affect enemies circling in on Pac-Man. However, the shock-wave won't go out very far, so it's not very useful. Also, when Pac-Man rev-rolls, pressing the jump button will not make Pac-Man stop rev-rolling. He will jump as he's rolling instead.
Normal attacks don't work on Spectral monsters, but Pac-Man can eat a power pellet, turning the ghosts blue, just like the original.
There is a museum accessible by the main menu, where you can look at Pac-Man game history, and play Pac-Man itself. The game is a port of the original, and, unlike the previous Pac-Man World games, there is no border around the vertical game screen.
Reprints.
In 2008 for North America only, the PlayStation 2 versions of "Pac-Man World 3", "Pac-Man World 2", and "Pac-Man World Rally" were released in a 3-pack called "Pac-Man Power Pack".
Also for North America only, the DS version of "Pac-Man World 3" was re-released as part of a "Dual Pack" bundle with "Namco Museum DS" on October 30, 2012.
Reception.
The game received average to positive reviews from critics and has been somewhat controversial among fans. Critics praised the inclusion of elements from the previous two games, while criticism focused on the repetition and lower difficulty. The plot-driven elements, most especially a speaking Pac-Man (Voiced by Martin T. Sherman), as well as the ability to punch, has also sparked controversy among fans.
The Nintendo DS release, in particular, was poorly received for glitches.

</doc>
<doc id="2863792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863792" title="Concertino">
Concertino

In classical music a concertino is:
In ballet "Concertino" refers to one of two ballets danced by New York City Ballet:
ConCertino is also the name of a filk music convention held in Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2863795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863795" title="Gresford">
Gresford

Gresford is a village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales.
According to the 2001 Census, the population of the community, which also includes the village of Marford, was 5,334.
The former Gresford Colliery was the site of the Gresford disaster, one of Britain's worst coal mining disasters, when 266 men died in an underground explosion on 22 September 1934.
History.
Located close to the England–Wales border, the settlement existed at the time of the compilation of the Domesday book, when it was recorded as "Gretford" within the Cheshire Hundred of Duddestan. The name, having an English origin, was later recorded as "Gresworth", "Cresford" and "Grefford", but documentary evidence shows that the place was clearly locally referred to as "Gresford" throughout its history, even under Welsh administration, and the other names merely represent alternative spellings. The Welsh form "Gresfordd", from "y groesfordd" ("the crossroads"), seems to have been the creation of imaginative Welsh genealogists of the fifteenth century and later and is not recognised by the Welsh Language Board as a translation.
In common with many of the towns and villages of the border lands, or Marches, Gresford has gone through periods of both English and Welsh dominance. The whole area was resettled by Welsh aligned to Owain Gwynedd in 1170-1203. At this time the bishopric was transferred from that of St. Werburgh's Chester to St. Asaph, and the vicars of the village were Welsh with patronymic names (for example, Morud ap Gwarius, who became vicar in 1284). 
It is possible, however, that settlement existed on the site from quite an early date, as a Roman altar was found within the church in 1908. The altar is likely to depict Nemesis; this and the unearthing of a Roman coin hoard nearby-dating 150-300, is possible evidence of a settlement. There is alsyo a stand of yew trees in the churchyard, the oldest dating to A.D. 500 — long before Anglo-Saxon settlement.
Approaching Gresford from the Wrexham direction, on the left hand side of the road, there was a tree known as 'The Cross Tree', and alongside this there is the base of an ancient stone cross. This tree was removed after 1984, and has since been replaced with a young tree.
Until the late 19th century, the parish boundary encompassed a large area, including the townships of Burton, Llay, Rossett and Gwersyllt, as well as several townships later included in Isycoed. The bells of the parish church, All Saints' Church are one of the traditional Seven Wonders of Wales. Gresford Church dates to 1492 and is a large building considering the size of what the population would have been in the present day boundaries of the parish. The base of the church tower has earlier remnants of a previous building and an earlier roofline of a former transept can be detected in the tower. The colour of the stone is quite distinctive, and is typical of the Wrexham area. It is a sandy brown Millstone Grit, locally referred to as "Cefn" stone.
Pant Iocyn (later Pant-yr-Ochain) house was built in the 1550s alongside the road from Gresford to Wrexham by Edward Almer, MP and three times High Sheriff of the county. It was one of the chief houses in east Denbighshire and descended in the Almer family until it was bought and enlarged by Sir Foster Cunliffe, 3rd Baronet in 1785. The 18th century addition now serves as a gastro pub.
Gresford colliery.
Henry Dennis and his son, Henry Dyke Dennis, began sinking a coal mine near Gresford in 1888, taking four years for the one kilometer deep shafts to be completed. The coalmine was located on the edge of the Alyn Valley, between the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway (later the GWR Birkenhead-Paddington line) and the old main road between Wrexham and Chester. The first coal was produced from June, 1911, with full production reached before the outbreak of World War I. The coal was renowned in the area as being of very good quality and hot burning.
Gresford Colliery was the site of one of Britain's worst coal mining disasters. The Gresford Disaster occurred on 22 September 1934, when 266 men died following an underground explosion. The bodies of only 11 of the miners underground at the time of the explosion were recovered. The headgear wheel is preserved and forms part of the Gresford Disaster Memorial, along with a plaque. The disaster is commemorated in the hymn tune "Gresford", which is also known as "The Miners' Hymn", written by Robert Saint of Hebburn, himself also a miner. This tune has been played regularly by many colliery brass bands over the years and is found on a number of recordings, and is also played at the annual Miners Picnics around the North of England, especially at the Durham Miners' Gala.
The colliery lasted until 1973 when it was closed due to geological problems.
Transport.
The stone-built Gresford railway station, on the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway was midway up the notorious Gresford Bank. The bank was so steep that a refuge siding was required at the station in the event of engines having to leave some of their load behind to get up the hill. Banking engines were also used on occasions. Gresford railway station was demoted to Gresford Halt, for Llay, from 1956 and was closed altogether from 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="2863801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863801" title="St Harmon">
St Harmon

St Harmon () is a village in Powys, Wales. It is located on the River Marteg on the B4518 road running between Llanidloes and Rhayader.
St Harmon FC is the village football team.

</doc>
<doc id="2863806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863806" title="Preset">
Preset

Preset may mean (1) set in advance, or, (2) set as a default.

</doc>
<doc id="2863809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863809" title="Square tiling">
Square tiling

In geometry, the square tiling or square grid is a regular tiling of the Euclidean plane. It has Schläfli symbol of {4,4}, meaning it has "4" squares around every vertex.
Conway calls it a quadrille.
The internal angle of the square is 90 degrees so four squares at a point make a full 360 degrees. It is one of three regular tilings of the plane. The other two are the triangular tiling and the hexagonal tiling.
Uniform colorings.
There are 9 distinct uniform colorings of a square tiling, with 5 of them as kaleidoscopic constructions with corresponding Coxeter diagrams. (Naming the colors by indices on the 4 squares around a vertex: 1111, 1112(i), 1112(ii), 1122, 1123(i), 1123(ii), 1212, 1213, 1234. (i) cases have simple reflection symmetry, and (ii) glide reflection symmetry.) 
Related polyhedra and tilings.
This tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of regular polyhedra and tilings, extending into the hyperbolic plane: {4,p}, p=3,4,5...
This tiling is also topologically related as a part of sequence of regular polyhedra and tilings with four faces per vertex, starting with the octahedron, with Schläfli symbol {n,4}, and Coxeter diagram , with n progressing to infinity.
Wythoff constructions from square tiling.
Like the uniform polyhedra there are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular square tiling. 
Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, all 8 forms are distinct. However treating faces identically, there are only three topologically distinct forms: square tiling, truncated square tiling, snub square tiling.
Quadrilateral tiling variations.
Quadrilateral tilings can be made with the identical {4,4} topology as the square tiling (4 quads around every vertex). With identical faces (face-transitivity) and vertex-transitivity, there are 17 variations, with the first 6 identified as triangles that do not connect edge-to-edge, or as quadrilateral with two colinear edges. Symmetry given assumes all faces are the same color.
Circle packing.
The square tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 4 other circles in the packing (kissing number). The packing density is π/4=78.54% coverage. There are 4 uniform colorings of the circle packings.

</doc>
<doc id="2863813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863813" title="Qebehsenuef">
Qebehsenuef

Qebehsenuef (His name is variously transliterated as "Kebehsennuf", "Kebechsenef", "Qebshenuf", "Qebehsenuf" or "Kabexnuf", meaning 'He who refreshes his brothers') was one of the sons of Horus in Egyptian mythology, the god of protection and of the West. In the preparation of mummies, his canopic jar was used for the intestines. He is seen as a mummy with a falcon head. He was said to be protected by the goddess Serket.
Together with Maa-atef-f, Kheri-beq-f, and Horus-Khenti-maa, the four sons of Horus (the other three were Imset, Hapi and Duamutef) were known as the Seven Shining Ones, protectors of the body of Osiris.

</doc>
<doc id="2863816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863816" title="Pleven (disambiguation)">
Pleven (disambiguation)

Pleven is a major town in Northern Bulgaria, capital of the Pleven Province.
Pleven may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863823" title="Liselotte Herrmann">
Liselotte Herrmann

Liselotte Herrmann (called “Lilo”, 23 June 1909 – 20 June 1938, executed) was a German Communist Resistance fighter in Nazi Germany.
Life.
Born in Berlin, Liselotte Herrmann, an engineer’s daughter, had a middle class liberal upbringing. After completing her "Abitur" exams in 1929, she went to work as a laboratory assistant in a chemical factory to prepare her studies in chemistry. Later that year, her family moved to Stuttgart, where she attended the Technical College. In 1931, she switched to biology, studying at the Frederick William University in Berlin. 
Already, as a schoolgirl, she had joined the Young Communist League of Germany in 1928, and also became a member of the Red Students’ League ("Roter Studentenbund"). She also joined the Revolutionary Union Opposition ("Revolutionäre Gewerkschafts Opposition") in 1931, and in the same year became a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).
Opposition activities.
Early after the Nazi "Machtergreifung" in 1933, she together with 111 other students signed a “Call for the Defence of Democratic Rights and Freedoms” and was therefore reprimanded and expelled by the university on 11 July 1933. From that time, she worked illegally against Germany's Nazi dictatorship and socialized with the armed resistance within the KPD organisation. 
She temporarily took a job as a nanny and on 15 May 1934, Liselotte's son Walter was born. The boy's father, a KPD official, had been slain in Gestapo custody. In September of the same year, she once again moved to Stuttgart, where she worked as a shorthand typist at her father's engineering office and re–established contacts with the banned Communist Party. From late 1934, she worked as a technical aide to the Württemberg KPD leader, Stefan Lovász, until his arrest in June 1935. She obtained information about German re-armament concerning secret weapons projects — munitions production at the Dornier aircraft factory in Friedrichshafen and the building of an underground ammunition factory ("Muna") near Celle — which were relayed to the KPD's office in exile that had been set up in Switzerland.
Arrest, trial, and death.
On 7 December 1935, Liselotte Hermann was arrested in her family's apartment. For three months, she was interrogated at the Stuttgart police prison, and from February 1936 she was held for 16 harrowing months in remand custody, whilst her young son had to be cared for by his grandparents. Charged in the People's Court ("Volksgerichtshof"), Herrmann and Stefan Lovász, together with KPD officials Josef Steidle and Arthur Göritz, were sentenced to death by the Second Senate in Stuttgart on 12 June 1937 for "treason in concomitance with preparation of high treason in aggravating circumstances". Herrmann's fellow party member, Lina Haag, was held in the same remand prison at that time, and remembers the night she was sentenced in her book 'A Handful of Dust' or 'How Long the Night'.
Deported to Berlin, after another year in the Women's Prison on Barnimstrasse, she was transferred to Plötzensee Prison for execution. Despite international protests, Liselotte Hermann was sent to the guillotine on 20 June 1938. Lovász, Steidle and Göritz were also put to death the same day.
Controversy.
In East Germany, many schools, streets, and institutions were named after her, but after German reunification in 1990, many were given new names in the rush to erase all references to Communism.
Indeed, even in Stuttgart, where Liselotte Herrmann studied, she has been a controversial figure. In 1988, unknown persons placed a simple memorial stone to her on the University of Stuttgart campus, which caused a bit of a stir. "Lilo-Herrmann-Weg" was the city's tribute to her, but it is little more than a 100 m-long blind alley affording access to public and private parking. No one lives there. In the 1970s, students at the university tried to get a new residence named after her, but the university administration balked at the idea.

</doc>
<doc id="2863834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863834" title="Ed Feighan">
Ed Feighan

Edward Farrell "Ed" Feighan (born October 22, 1947, in Lakewood, Ohio) is a former American politician. He served as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, and as a Democratic Party U.S. Representative from 1983 to 1993, serving Ohio's 19th congressional district.
Early life and education.
Feighan graduated in 1965 from St. Edward High School, an all-boys catholic high school on Cleveland's west side. In 1969, he earned a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) from Loyola University in New Orleans, LA. He attended Cleveland-Marshall College of Law at Cleveland State University while serving in the legislature and received his law degree in 1978.
Political career.
Feighan was first elected to public office as a State Representative from Cleveland, Ohio, in 1972. He served for six years in the Ohio Legislature until his election as a Cuyahoga County Commissioner, a position he held for four years. 
In 1977, Feighan ran for mayor of the city of Cleveland, but lost a narrow race to Dennis Kucinich, who also later became a member of Congress.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1992 to the 103rd Congress, presumably due to his involvement in the House banking scandal and the specter of a primary fight against incumbent Mary Rose Oakar because of redistricting.
After Politics.
Feighan served as a director of ProCentury Corporation, a Westerville-based specialty insurance company, and its insurance subsidiaries from 1993 to 1996.
From November 1997 until August 1998, he was a Senior Vice President of Century Business Services, a Cleveland-based provider of outsourced business services now known as CBIZ.
From 1998 until 2000, Feighan was the president of Avalon National Corporation, a holding company for a workers’ compensation insurance agency. During that span, he was also a Managing Partner of Alliance Financial, Ltd., a merchant banking firm specializing in mergers and acquisitions from September 1998 until May 2003.
In 2000, he once again became director of ProCentury, for which he had been the on-and-off Special Counsel. In October 2003, Feighan became the chairman, president and CEO of ProCentury. However, he resigned on July 31, 2008, when it was sold to Meadowbrook Insurance Group.
Electoral history.
!|Year
!|Democrat
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|Republican
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct
!|3rd Party
!|Party
!|Votes
!|Pct

</doc>
<doc id="2863858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863858" title="Triangular tiling">
Triangular tiling

In geometry, the triangular tiling is one of the three regular tilings of the Euclidean plane. Because the internal angle of the equilateral triangle is 60 degrees, six triangles at a point occupy a full 360 degrees. The triangular tiling has Schläfli symbol of {3,6}.
Conway calls it a deltille, named from the triangular shape of the Greek letter delta (Δ). The triangular tiling is roughly the kishextile.
It is one of three regular tilings of the plane. The other two are the square tiling and the hexagonal tiling.
Uniform colorings.
There are 9 distinct uniform colorings of a triangular tiling. (Naming the colors by indices on the 6 triangles around a vertex: 111111, 111112, 111212, 111213, 111222, 112122, 121212, 121213, 121314)
Four of the colorings are generated by Wythoff constructions. Seven of the nine distinct colorings can be made as reductions of the four coloring: 121314. The remaining two, 111222 and 112122, have no Wythoff constructions.
A2 lattice and circle packings.
The vertex arrangement of the triangular tiling is called an A2 lattice. It is the 2-dimensional case of a simplectic honeycomb.
The A lattice (also called A) can be constructed by the union of all three A2 lattices, and equivalent to the A2 lattice.
The vertices of the triangular tiling are the centers of the densest possible circle packing. Every circle is in contact with 6 other circles in the packing (kissing number). The packing density is formula_1 or 90.69%. Since the union of 3 A2 lattices is also an A2 lattice, the circle packing can be given with 3 colors of circles.
The voronoi cell of a triangular tiling is a hexagon, and so the voronoi tessellation, the hexagonal tiling has a direct correspondence to the circle packings.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
The planar tilings are related to polyhedra. Putting fewer triangles on a vertex leaves a gap and allows it to be folded into a pyramid. These can be expanded to Platonic solids: five, four and three triangles on a vertex define an icosahedron, octahedron, and tetrahedron respectively.
This tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of regular polyhedra with Schläfli symbols {3,n}, continuing into the hyperbolic plane.
It is also topologically related as a part of sequence of Catalan solids with face configuration Vn.6.6, and also continuing into the hyperbolic plane.
Wythoff constructions from hexagonal and triangular tilings.
Like the uniform polyhedra there are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling).
Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
Triangular tiling variations.
Triangular tilings can be made with the identical {3,6} topology as the regular tiling (6 triangles around every vertex). With identical faces (face-transitivity) and vertex-transitivity, there are 5 variations. Symmetry given assumes all faces are the same color.

</doc>
<doc id="2863859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863859" title="David Gell">
David Gell

David Gell (born 23 August 1929) is a Canadian DJ and television presenter. 
Born in Canada, he worked for radio station CFAC in Calgary before relocating to Europe. He was a DJ on Radio Luxembourg, and later on the BBC Light Programme, Radio One, and Radio Two. 
He presented many popular programmes for the BBC, including the "Top Ten Game" produced by Johnny Beerling, a midweek show which toured the country inviting audiences of 200 to vote for their favourite discs of the week from 1965. Each week David would play ten new releases, followed by the ten most popular songs from the previous week, together with a Second Chance Disc, which had previously been played but did not register enough votes to make the Top Ten. The show ran until it was dropped in early 1966. 
Around 1958-1959 he was the host of Manchester-based Granada Television's quiz show "Concentration" and also hosted the children's quiz show "Junior Criss Cross Quiz". In 1970, Gell was the commentator for the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest; he had previously provided the BBC Radio commentary for the 1965 contest.
Gell later presented another 'voting' show for the BBC on Radio Two, namely European Pop Jury, where teenagers from several European countries would sit in judgement of two songs from each participating nation. The programme aired monthly and would typically feature the UK, Ireland, Germany, Spain, Norway, Sweden and Finland. 
David had a toned down mid-Atlantic accent, and a warm, professional style, with strong audience rapport.
By 1980 David Gell had returned to broadcasting in his native Canada where he remained until retiring in the 2000s.
Although no longer broadcasting, David is involved with his daughter Rosemary. C. Gell's company Golden Muse Productions, which specialises in musical theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="2863860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863860" title="Kenny Williams (baseball)">
Kenny Williams (baseball)

Kenneth Royal Williams (born April 6, 1964) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball and the current Executive Vice President of the Chicago White Sox.
Biography.
Playing career.
Selected by the White Sox in the 3rd round of the amateur draft, Williams made his debut in and spent three years in Chicago, primarily as a center fielder, before being traded to the Detroit Tigers in . The Tigers waived him during the season, and he was claimed by the Toronto Blue Jays. Williams remained a bit player with the Blue Jays, usually coming on as a pinch-runner due to his speed. He was the starting center fielder when Dave Stieb threw his only no-hitter, the first no-hitter in Toronto history. He is best remembered as a player for a bizarre incident during the 1990 season, where a series of wild throwing errors resulted in him (on base as a pinch-runner) rounding third base and mauling over third base coach John McLaren, knocking him out in the process (Williams himself was winded, but eventually ended up scoring the run). This humorous clip would be played over and over in blooper reels for years to come. The Blue Jays then put him on waivers during the season, with Canada's other major league team, the Montreal Expos, picking him up. Williams decided to retire from baseball after being released by Montreal following the 1991 season.
Administrative career.
In November , Williams rejoined the White Sox organization as a scout. Named special assistant to Sox chairman Jerry Reinsdorf in , he spent some time as a studio analyst for Sox games on SportsChannel Chicago before becoming the team's director of minor league operations in . In , he was named vice-president of player development, a position in which he remained until .
General manager.
In October 2000, Williams replaced Ron Schueler as the general manager of the White Sox. Williams hired Jerry Manuel as his first manager, in which he led them to 2 division titles and over 500 wins, then he hired popular former Chicago shortstop Ozzie Guillén as the team's manager in . Since becoming the White Sox GM, Williams has become known for his aggressive moves to bolster the Sox lineup. This reputation was strengthened following the season, when Williams completely made over the White Sox team by switching its on-field focus from home runs to pitching, defense, and speed. Accordingly, he acquired players which excelled in those areas, through free agent signings (Orlando Hernández, Dustin Hermanson, Jermaine Dye, A. J. Pierzynski, Tadahito Iguchi), trades (Scott Podsednik, José Contreras, Freddy García) and the farm system (Joe Crede, Aaron Rowand). Williams' off-season maneuvers were reflected in an extremely successful campaign for the South Siders, one in which they held the best record in all of baseball for most of the year, and finished with the best record in the AL to clinch their first AL Central Division title since 2000, their first American League pennant since 1959, and their first World Series since 1917.
On February 27, , Williams lashed out at former White Sox first baseman Frank Thomas in an interview with a Chicago television media outlet, in response to statements Thomas made about the White Sox organization. He referred to Thomas as "an idiot" and "selfish" and said no one in the White Sox organization would miss him.
In the off-season prior to the 2006 season, Williams set out to improve his world championship team further by acquiring pitcher Javier Vázquez from the Arizona Diamondbacks and slugger Jim Thome from the Philadelphia Phillies. In addition, Williams was cognizant of the large role that the bench played under Ozzie Guillén and solidified it by trading for Rob Mackowiak and Alex Cintrón. Because of these maneuvers, the White Sox were once again favored to win the 2006 World Series. Despite winning 90 games, they fell short and finished in third place in the AL Central Division behind the Detroit Tigers and Minnesota Twins, thereby not making the playoffs. At the All-Star break, however, the White Sox were tied with the Detroit Tigers for first place and held a 6-game lead on the New York Yankees for the wild card. The lead evaporated in the second half of the season and the White Sox finished third in the central behind the Minnesota Twins and Tigers. 
In the offseason before the season, Williams traded away Freddy García to the Phillies and acquired prospects, Gavin Floyd and Gio Gonzalez, in return. He also signed veteran free agent Darin Erstad to a one-year, $1 million contract. Williams has also stated that the team needs to get younger and improve its scouting. In early January 2008, he traded Gio Gonzalez, Fautino de los Santos, and Ryan Sweeney for Nick Swisher.
With pitcher Jake Peavy being acquired at the trade deadline for the 2009 season, Williams was referred to by Gordon Edes of Yahoo Sports as a "stealth bomber" for his under the radar moves.
On August 10, , Williams made another under-the-radar move, by claiming OF Alex Ríos off the waivers from the Toronto Blue Jays. On October 6, 2011, Kenny Williams hired Robin Ventura as the new manager of the Chicago White Sox. Ozzie Guillén, who guided the White Sox to win the 2005 world series, accepted the new manager job with the Miami Marlins.
On October 26, 2012, Williams was promoted to Executive Vice President of the Chicago White Sox while Assistant GM Rick Hahn was promoted to General Manager.
Personal life.
Kenny resides in Chicago, Illinois. He has 3 children: former Wichita State University baseball player Kenny Williams, Jr. (a 2008 draftee of the White Sox), Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Kyle Williams (also a 2006 draftee of the White Sox), and Tyler Williams, who attended Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, Arizona (the same High school as White Sox first baseman Paul Konerko). Tyler is current playing in the Chicago White Sox Farm System as a third baseman for the rookie affiliate Great Falls Voyagers.
In January 2013, it was announced that Williams is engaged to television journalist Zoraida Sambolin.

</doc>
<doc id="2863861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863861" title="Concertino (composition)">
Concertino (composition)

A concertino (or Konzertstück) is a short concerto freer in form. It normally takes the form of a one-movement musical composition for solo instrument and orchestra, though some concertinos are written in several movements played without a pause.
Some notable concertinos.
Listed by composer:

</doc>
<doc id="2863871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863871" title="Provencher Bridge (Winnipeg)">
Provencher Bridge (Winnipeg)

The Provencher Bridge is a bridge across the Red River in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The bridge links downtown Winnipeg with St. Boniface, a Winnipeg community across the Red River. The Provencher Bridge derived its name from the connecting Boulevard Provencher (Provencher Boulevard).
The bridge serves Route 57 and is a main connector from Downtown Winnipeg to most of the eastern communities in Winnipeg. The speed limit on the bridge is 50 km/h (31 mph).
Bridge history.
Ferries.
The first way of crossing the Red River was by ferry linking Broadway on the west with Provencher Blvd on the east. The ferry route was cancelled in 1879 after a bridge proposal was made.
The first bridge.
The first bridge (the "old bridge") was originally named the Broadway bridge because it connected with Broadway on the other side, which is in direct line of sight with Provencher. Construction began in 1881 and was completed in April 1882. Disaster struck three days later, wiping away two spans of the bridge, but repairs were completed later that same month. The bridge was demolished in 1917 after a proposal for a newer one.
The second bridge.
The second bridge was opened in 1918 to replace the old Broadway bridge. Instead of linking with Broadway, it was oriented slightly to the north; traffic crossing from the east was sent even further north, eventually connecting with Main Street about 500 metres from Broadway. Construction began in 1911 and was completed in 1912. Streetcars began operating on the bridge on December 3, 1925. The second bridge was dismantled in 2001 for the opening of the third (current) bridge.
The third bridge.
The third bridge (the "modern bridge") actually consists of two bridges, a vehicular bridge and a pedestrian bridge. The vehicular bridge's plan was originally designed to connect York and St. Mary Avenues to Provencher Boulevard, but it was cancelled in 1997. The lands for the St. Mary–York–Provencher connection are now being used for the Canadian Museum for Human Rights. The vehicular bridge was constructed in 2001 and completed in September 2003. The pedestrian bridge was constructed later, and was completed the same year.
The vehicular bridge.
The vehicular part of the modern bridge is slightly curved, unlike the old bridge which was completely straight and at a slight angle. Construction of the vehicular bridge began on July 20, 2001. Two years later, in September, the vehicular bridge was completed.
The pedestrian bridge.
The pedestrian bridge, or the "Esplanade Riel" (Named for Louis Riel), parallels the new Broadway bridge, and is a side-spar cable-stayed bridge designed by Étienne Gaboury, Architect and Colin Douglas Stewart of Wardrop Engineering.
The Esplanade Riel features a restaurant in the middle of the bridge. Originally operated by Salisbury House, the restaurant space has been home to "Chez Sophie Sur Le Pont" since 2013.
Construction on the bridge began in August 2002, and was completed in 2003, the same year as the vehicular bridge, and was officially opened in the summer of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2863884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863884" title="Joseph Angara">
Joseph Angara

Joseph Oduol Angara (born 8 November 1971 in Nairobi) is a Kenyan cricketer who has played in One-Day Internationals, first-class cricket and List A cricket for Kenya.
He is a right-arm medium-pace bowler and lower-order batsman who plays for Swamibapa Sports Club. He was part of Kenyan side for the 1999 ICC World Cup. His best bowling performance of 10-4-30-3 in ODIs came against India at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth on 17/10/2001 during the Standard Bank Triangular Tournament. That won him the Man of the Match Award and eventually Kenya beat India by 70 runs. He once took a seven-wicket haul in one innings in a league match. He currently coaches The Northern Nomads, a cricket team that plays in Kenya's Sahara Elite League.

</doc>
<doc id="2863890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863890" title="Xandee">
Xandee

Xandee is a stage name of Sandy Boets (born 18 December 1978), Flemish singer who represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004. At the age of 16 she founded the pop duo Touch of Joy with Serge (Sergio) Quisquater. Sergio and his band Sergio & The Ladies represented Belgium in ESC 2002 with the song "Sister".
At the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 in Istanbul Xandee sang the dance uptempo song "1 Life" in the contest. The song was one of the major favourites before the contest, but only got 7 points, 5 of which from neighbouring country the Netherlands, on the final evening. It eventually got only 22nd place out of 24 participants.
Xandee's fate was repeated two years later, at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 in Athens, where fellow Belgian entry Kate Ryan, despite being a hugely hyped favourite, failed to qualify from the semi-final.

</doc>
<doc id="2863892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863892" title="Flamboyant">
Flamboyant

Flamboyant (from French "flamboyant", "flaming") is the name given to a florid style of late Gothic architecture in vogue in France from about 1350 until superseded by Renaissance architecture during the early 16th century, and mainly used in describing French buildings. The term is sometimes used of the early period of English Gothic architecture usually called the Decorated Style; the historian Edward Augustus Freeman proposed this in a work of 1851. A version of the style spread to Spain and Portugal during the 15th century. It evolved from the Rayonnant style and the English Decorated Style and was marked by even greater attention to decoration and the use of double curved tracery. The term was first used by Eustache-Hyacinthe Langlois (1777-1837), and like all the terms mentioned in this paragraph except "Sondergotik" describes the style of window tracery, which is much the easiest way of distinguishing within the overall Gothic period, but ignores other aspects of style. In England the later part of the period is known as Perpendicular architecture. In Germany Sondergotik ("Special Gothic") is the more usual term.
The name derives from the flame-like windings of its tracery and the dramatic lengthening of gables and the tops of arches. A key feature is the ogee arch, originating in Beverley Minster, England around 1320, which spread to York and Durham, although the form was never widely used in England, being superseded by the rise of the Perpendicular style around 1350. A possible point of connection between the early English work and the later development in France is the church at Chaumont. The Manueline in Portugal, and the Isabelline in Spain were even more extravagant continuations of the style in the late 15th and early 16th centuries.
In the past the Flamboyant style, along with its antecedent Rayonnant, has frequently been disparaged by critics. More recently some have sought to rehabilitate it. William W Clark commented:
"The Flamboyant is the most neglected period of Gothic architecture because of the prejudices of past generations; but the neglect of these highly original and inventive architectural fantasies is unwarranted. The time has come to discard old conceptions and look anew at Late Gothic architecture."

</doc>
<doc id="2863900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863900" title="Axolemma">
Axolemma

The axolemma is the cell membrane surrounding an axon. It is responsible for maintaining the membrane potential of the neuron, and it contains ion channels through which ions can flow. When this occurs, the voltage inside the axon changes, and depolarization or hyperpolarization of the membrane can occur. Adequate depolarization can lead to an action potential, which travels down the axon in a self-propagating manner as more ion channels open due to stimulation by the influx of positive ions. An unmyelinated axolemma has a high capacitance which imposes a restraint on the conduction speed.
If the axolemma is damaged, it becomes unable to perform its vital role of maintaining the concentration gradient of ions inside and outside of the cell. When ions move down their concentration gradient into the cell, they can cause a number of different cellular processes that may lead to cell damage or cell death.

</doc>
<doc id="2863906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863906" title="The Dean Martin Comedy World">
The Dean Martin Comedy World

The Dean Martin Comedy World is an American variety comedy television series, seen on NBC during the summer of 1974, as a summer replacement for "The Dean Martin Show". It was also that program's last summer replacement series. The show was hosted by Jackie Cooper, Nipsey Russell and Barbara Feldon.
Overview.
Created by Dean Martin and his producer Greg Garrison, the premise of this series was that it traveled around the world to find new comedy acts and show them on the air. Clips from classic comedy films (like Charlie Chaplin's "Modern Times") were also used, as were interviews with comedy legends like Jack Benny (in one of his last interviews before his December death) and Don Rickles. The hodge-podge, staccato-style of editing different comic bits didn't work out, and the show left the air by the end of the summer.
Notable among those who appeared was the debut television performance by Andy Kaufman.
In addition, British comedy troupe Monty Python had its first primetime appearance on United States television on this show, with clips from several sketches and Terry Gilliam animations used. (It was Garrison's purchase of the rights to air Python clips that paid for the conversion of the BBC series from PAL to NTSC, which allowed "Monty Python's Flying Circus" to be sold to PBS later that year.) These clips did have to pass muster with American network censors, and so in the "Dull Life of a City Stockbroker" sketch the topless news agent was cut out.

</doc>
<doc id="2863912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863912" title="Smarts">
Smarts

Smarts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2863914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863914" title="Rodovia dos Tamoios">
Rodovia dos Tamoios

Rodovia dos Tamoios (official designation SP-099) is a highway in the Brazilian state of São Paulo. 
The highway is partly dual-lane, part single-lane, and runs from the city of São José dos Campos, located in the Paraíba River valley in the upper plateau of São Paulo down the Serra do Mar to the coastal lowlands of the city of Caraguatatuba, connecting to the Rodovia Rio-Santos (federal highway). As such, it is part of a series of Serra do Mar highways which include Rodovia Anchieta (SP-150) and Rodovia dos Imigrantes (SP-160), departing from São Paulo, the Mogi das Cruzes-Bertioga highway, and the Taubaté-Ubatuba highway. The SP-099 starts at the Rodovia Presidente Dutra, and crosses with Rodovia Carvalho Pinto (SP-070), two huge thoroughfares which direct the road flow from and to São Paulo megalopolis to the Northern coast beach resorts.
It is a high traffic road, particularly on weekends, and it is considered a dangerous one, with high incidence of accidents, specially in its single-lane sections. However, it is one of the most scenic highways of the state, descending from the city of Paraibuna to Caraguatatuba in a short 40 km along the steep cliffs of Serra do Mar facing the sea.
The road is thus named in order to remember the Tamoio, the ethnic group of original Indian tribes who inhabited the coast from Santos to Espírito Santo at the time of discovery, in 1500. It is managed and maintained by the Department of Roads of the State of São Paulo (DER). Toll is not required.

</doc>
<doc id="2863919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863919" title="Logo of NBC">
Logo of NBC

The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) has used several corporate logos over its history. The first logo was used in 1942, when the television network launched. Its most famous logo, the peacock, was first used in 1956. It has been in use for many years since, except from 1975 to 1979. The logos were designed by NBC itself. The first logo incorporated design from parent company RCA, and was a unique logo not related to the NBC radio network.
Recent logos have been themed for different holidays during the year, such as Halloween, Valentine's Day and New Year's Day, celebrating the Olympics on NBC, as well as an American flag-themed logo in the wake of the events of the September 11 terror attacks. The logo has been adapted for color television and high definition as technology has advanced. As NBC acquired other television channels, the logo branding was adopted to other networks including: CNBC, NBCSN, msnbc, Golf Channel, and Comcast SportsNet. The logo was also incorporated into the corporate emblem of the network's parent company, NBCUniversal, until Comcast took control of the company in 2011. Since December 10, 2012, the Peacock has been integrated into the Comcast logo.
Radio station logos (1926–1942).
1926–1931.
NBC debuted as a radio network in 1926, with a logo depicting a microphone surrounded by lightning bolts, superimposed on a map of the United States of America. The letters NBC appeared in an arc above the graphic images.
1931–1942.
In 1928, NBC debuted its second radio logo and first television logo – a square with a diagonal NBC text in it, and lightning bolts around the "B".
In 1942, NBC television introduced its first official television logo, a microphone surrounded by lightning bolts, which was a modification of an existing logo used by the NBC radio network. Lightning bolts were believed to have also been part of corporate parent RCA's logo, as well as that of one-time sister company RKO Pictures. The left waves were meant for the radio network, and the right waves were meant for the television network. A network identification featuring this logo includes the voiceover, "This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company", followed by the NBC chimes. At the beginning of telecasts, another card depicting an NBC cameraman with his camera was shown. On WNBT (now WNBC), "WNBT, New York" was heard.
Television logos (1942–1986).
In 1942, NBC television introduced its first official television logo, a microphone surrounded by lightning bolts, which was a modification of an existing logo used by the NBC radio network. Lightning bolts were believed to have also been part of corporate parent RCA's logo, as well as that of one-time sister company RKO Pictures. The left waves were meant for the radio network, and the right waves were meant for the television network. The variant of this logo says, "This is NBC, the National Broadcasting Company", followed by the NBC chimes. At the beginning of telecasts, another card depicting an NBC cameraman with his camera was shown. On WNBT (now WNBC), "WNBT, New York" was heard.
In late 1953, a stylized xylophone and mallet was introduced, accompanied by the three-tone NBC chimes, first heard on NBC radio in 1927. The main chimes were seven tones. The current tones, however, are the notes G, E' and C', which were used because they represented the initials of the network's co-founder and eventual owner, the General Electric Company. There is some indication that the xylophone logo was used at 5:32 p.m. ET on December 17, 1953 to announce the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) approval of the new color standard, which would go into effect 30 days later. The logo was used beginning on January 1, 1953, during the Tournament of Roses Parade.
Introduction of the peacock (1956–1960).
In 1956, John J. Graham created an abstraction of an eleven-feathered peacock to indicate richness in color. This brightly hued peacock, which NBC called the "Bird", was adopted due to the increase in color programming. This was also due to NBC's owner, RCA, being a manufacturer of color television sets. As a result, the peacock became a marketing tool, in the hopes that people tuning into NBC would purchase color TV sets. NBC's first color broadcasts showed only a still frame of the colorful peacock. The emblem made its first on-air appearance on May 22, 1956.
On September 7, 1957, beginning with "Your Hit Parade", the peacock became animated and thereafter appeared at the beginning of every NBC color broadcast until a revamped animation appeared in 1961. Its musical backing was a gong while the peacock began its formation, with an announcer reading "The following program is brought to you in living color on NBC", while the music crescendoed followed by a bombastic nine-note flourish while the peacock's feathers changed color and finally "filled out". According to Game Show Network executive David Schwartz, the first announcer who spoke those famous words behind the Peacock graphic logo was Ben Grauer, a familiar voice on NBC since 1930.
Snake logo (1959–1975).
Starting in September 1959, an animated logo joined the Peacock, appearing at the end of broadcasts. Beginning with the "N", each letter would grow from the other, forming a stacked typographic logo ending with the "C", forming the base. This would be known as the "NBC snake". Several editions of this exist; the earliest being the snake form in front of a multicolored background while a camera passed by with an orchestral version of the NBC chimes, and the second consisting of the snake forming on top of a color-changing background, going from blue to green to red, on each note of the regular, automated NBC chimes. The logo was designed by John J. Graham, and was used until the end of 1975.
1962–1975.
In 1962, on the "Laramie" series, a second version of the Peacock opening was introduced in which the bird fanned its bright plumage against a kaleidoscopic color background. As with the 1956 Peacock, this logo only appeared at the start of NBC color broadcasts; as all NBC broadcasts eventually began to air in color, it was generally used only to open those shows that were produced by NBC itself, such as "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". It was however, seen on the NBC telecasts of MGM's "The Wizard of Oz" as well as on the broadcasts of the 1960 "Peter Pan", which had been videotaped at NBC (NBC had previously telecast live versions of "Peter Pan" in 1955 and 1956 on the anthology "Producers' Showcase"). The "Laramie Peacock", named for the series which introduced it, used the same "living color" spiel as did the first peacock but its music piece was a soft, woodwind-based number and the announcer was Mel Brandt. It was revised further in April 1968; the music was slightly rearranged and the animation was shortened by a few seconds, and a second version, with Vic Roby announcing, "Now, a special program in living color on NBC," was unveiled for airing on television specials during this same period. It was shortened further by the beginning of 1975. This peacock was retired in September 1975.
The "Laramie Peacock" has made special appearances throughout the ensuing years, mostly in a retro-kitsch context or to commemorate a significant broadcast event on NBC. Most recently, the peacock heralded the June 1, 2009 premiere broadcast of "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien".
1975-1979.
By 1975, NBC's visual trademark was updated as an abstract "N" was introduced, consisting of two trapezoids, one red, one blue. The design was bold, bright, and contemporary. One of the technological innovations of this logo was the first electronically animated ident for an American television network and being previewed on-air for the first time in October 1975, before it became used officially on January 1, 1976. On the January 10, 1976 telecast of "Saturday Night Live", Weekend Update host Chevy Chase and Gilda Radner mocked the new logo and its $1 million design cost (at the end of Chase's comments, Radner appeared as the "Dancing 'N'", with an NBC logo-shaped costume covering her head and upper torso). In February 1976, NBC was sued by Nebraska PBS member station network Nebraska ETV for trademark infringement. The new NBC logo was virtually identical to the Nebraska ETV Network logo, except for the blue coloring in the right trapezoid of the NBC logo. An out-of-court settlement was reached in which NBC gave Nebraska ETV over $800,000 worth of new equipment, including a color mobile unit. It also paid Nebraska ETV $55,000 to cover the cost of designing and implementing a new logo. In return, NBC was allowed to keep the "N" logo.
1979–1986.
The Peacock, still with eleven feathers, returned in the fall of 1979. The "N" and the Peacock were combined together to create a design called the "Proud N". This was the first time the Peacock was actually part of NBC's own logo. It was simplified in keeping with the letter's pared-down design. Although all eleven feathers were intact, the teardrop tips were merged into the rest of the feathers, the feet were absent, the feathers are in a simpler color scheme, and the Peacock's body became a simple triangular shape. On several occasions, the new Peacock was used independently of the "N", starting with the 1979 Proud as a Peacock advertising campaign that reintroduced the Peacock, but the "N" and the Peacock were usually combined together between 1979 and 1986.
Contrary to popular belief, the Peacock was not originally used as NBC's official primary logo; the 1956 and 1962 versions were used solely to identify the network's color broadcasts, while other logos, initially the xylophone logo but most commonly the NBC snake logo, identified NBC itself. Nonetheless, the Peacock became so identified with NBC that it was incorporated into the network logo in 1979 by Fred Silverman, then President of NBC, due to prior research from 1977 in NBC's corporate planning department by Peter H. Kliegman who recommended the station identification value of the Peacock and suggested the Peacock be utilized as a logo. The Peacock became the sole logo in 1986.
Peacock logo (1986–present).
On May 12, 1986, during the finale of the television special "NBC 60th Anniversary Celebration", NBC stars of the past and present stood on stage to introduce a new logo – a simplified peacock icon, ending the arranged marriage of "N" and Peacock (the "Proud N"). Although NBC had been popularly known as "the peacock network" for some time, it was the first time that "The Bird" had assumed its official place as NBC's symbol. The peacock's head was now flipped to the right – this was done to suggest as if it was looking forward to the future, not back to the past. The eleven feathers from its previous peacock logo was shortened to six: News, Sports, Entertainment, Stations, Network, and Productions. The peacock's body is also in a more simple shape. Incorporating the six primary and secondary colors in the RYB color palette, this Peacock, redesigned by Steff Geissbuhler at Chermayeff & Geismar, remains one of the world's most recognized logos. The network maintains specific guidelines for the logo, including proper colors for reproduction, using either RGB, CMYK, or Pantone colors. The usage guidelines are contained in the NBC Logo Legal Usage Guidelines which is distributed to NBC employees involved in graphics as well as outside vendors, such as advertising agencies, who may need to use the logo.
Since the logo's introduction in May 1986, many of NBC's affiliates (especially NBC O&O stations: WNBC-TV in New York City, WMAQ-TV in Chicago, KCNC-TV in Denver, KNBC-TV in Los Angeles, WRC-TV in Washington D.C., and WKYC-TV in Cleveland) started adding the new peacock to their station identification. However, a few stations still kept the "Proud N" at least until the end of the 1986-1987 television season; in addition to NBC still using the "Proud N" for their movie/mini-series intro, thus the current logo was not universally adopted until the fall of 1987. Even then, at least one NBC affiliate, WTOV-TV in Steubenville, Ohio, was using the "Proud N" logo as late as 1988.
The logo first appeared as an on-screen bug in the 1993–1994 television season, appearing only at the opening sequences of shows and staying on throughout shows since the 1995–1996 television season. From 1993 to 2003, the logo appeared on the bottom of the screen and a variety of effects resulting in its formation, usually during a show's opening sequence. These effects alone centered in the middle of a black screen continued to be used as a sort of screensaver during time periods given to local stations for their commercial breaks, and could be seen on an NBC affiliate when it had technical difficulties going to their local advertising and kept the network feed on-screen. In 2009, these animations were replaced with a single animation featuring a larger logo which changed colors.
Adaptations.
In 2000, NBC revamped its network identity. A new network ID was introduced, with the NBC logo reflecting through giant glass feathers.
Flag variation (2001–2002).
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001, NBC introduced a special version of the peacock that replaced the colors with a furled American flag waving within the logo (including within the logo bug), which was used until the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Adaptation for widescreen/high-definition programming.
Starting in 2004, if a show was presented in widescreen, the logo would be shrunk and placed to fit within the video area. During the 2006–2007 television season, this smaller widescreen logo was only used during live broadcasts, such as "Saturday Night Live", the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree lighting, Live Earth, and the Macy's Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular. The small logo was reintegrated at the start of the 2007–2008 television season on all widescreen programming, including prerecorded standard definition broadcasts in order to insert promos during the show. High-definition programming used a variation of the network's logo bug accompanied by HD text from November 2006 until December 2007. Live broadcasts in high-definition previously used a smaller NBC bug without the HD text. Today, the NBC bug is placed within the 4:3 safe picture, so the logo bug is identical on the standard definition feed as well as the high-definition feed.
The logo bug is also presented opaque in full color during a show's opening credits, with the bug sometimes accompanied by .com text. "The Biggest Loser" live finale episodes continued to use the version with the NBC calls below the peacock until its September 2009 conversion to HD, due to that program's production in standard definition being based out of Burbank instead of New York.
The logo is sometimes accompanied with NBC text, usually below the peacock but this is not always the case; the network's logo bug did not incorporate the text until 2002, and it was removed in the fall of 2006 from programs besides "NBC Nightly News" and "Early Today", "NBC Nightly News" finally began using the 2006 bug starting on March 26, 2007 to coincide with the program's first high definition broadcast, with the web address for MSNBC (and since 2012, NBC News) later added to the right side on the "Nightly News". Some NBC Sports programs, such as golf and Olympic sports, use a bug that has the Olympic rings below the peacock. This version is also used on regular programming, starting with the beginning of the television season during seasons with the Winter Olympics, or the beginning of a calendar year with the Summer Olympics (in 2012, it launched on April 16 in accordance with "Green is Universal" week, along with sister network Telemundo) and during NBC's coverage of the Olympics every two years, the Olympics version of the 1986 NBC logo is also used on the logos of NBC affiliates, both on-air for some stations or confined to the "Olympic Zone" micro-sites.
2006–2007.
Shortly after the beginning of the 2006–2007 television season, almost all NBC programming moved their variation of the NBC logo to the left corner of the screen, including graphics for "Today", "Meet the Press", and "Dateline NBC". The left version was less embossed than the previous version and did not display NBC's acronyms beneath it. After the beginning of the 2009-10 season on September 28 as part of the lead-up to the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, the Olympics variant of the on-screen logo is used on all programming, except news programming.
Since December 2007, NBC occasionally places a text advertisement for an upcoming show above or next to the NBC peacock, which is present on both the SD and HD feeds.
2008.
In 2008, NBC updated its logo once again. All NBC promos and idents end with the peacock feathers blooming out of the peacock's body, forming the logo. The feathers flash in tune to the NBC chimes. Sometimes, the chime was played in different instruments, however, the main instrument for the chimes is the xylophone. Instruments may not even be used, such as the sounds of a telephone in "The Office", or cash register sounds in "Deal or No Deal". Two versions of the 2008 logo animation exist. One which is the 3D glass version used in most promos. The second which the 2D logo version which is used in some promos, and also used as a generic ID. Sometimes the .com URL is beside the logo.
4:3 safe bug.
On May 22, 2008, the NBC peacock bug on high definition programming was moved from the left corner of the screen to the left side of the safe aspect ratio area. Also at this time, the advertising text that was once above the bug has been moved to the right of the bug. The bug was moved to this position to make downconverting the network HD feed for standard definition after the June 12, 2009 analog-to-digital television transition easier. SD viewers will still see the bug in its usual position in the left corner.
2009–2013.
Since late 2009, with the "More Colorful" slogan change, the end of promos and idents feature the NBC peacock in the left side of the screen, flickering through all the colors and ending up on the standard logo, usually with a main character or host of a particular program next to the logo.
In May 2011, NBC adopted a new version of the logo with a 3D glass effect to be used in promotional advertising and idents. However, the elements of the "More Colorful" rebrand were still in use. Also, since its introduction, a few NBC affiliate stations added the new logo to their station identification, with NBC O&O WMAQ-TV as the first station to do so in February 2012.
Since 2013.
In April 2013, NBC revised its 3D CGI crystal peacock. The "NBC" type below the logo now also uses the same font variant instituted by NBC Sports with the 2012 launch of NBC Sports Network.
Variants.
"Green is Universal" variation.
In 2007, three different logos were used in November and December, all using the Peacock logo.
Starting in November 2007 during the week of "Green Week", NBC, along with all other NBC Universal owned networks, began using green logos and logo bugs as part of "Green is Universal", NBCUniversal's company-wide environmental initiative, which is also utilized for Earth Week during the week of Earth Day in April, along with St. Patrick's Day for holiday purposes. During the Earth Week logo iterations in April 2008 and 2012, the Olympic Rings remained their usual gold color (or grey in the logo bug) due to compulsory display standards disallowing any endorsement of another cause beyond the Olympic movement. The November 2009 version of the logo displayed only the Peacock, putting aside the rings completely for the week within the logo bug.
Christmas variation (2007).
From December 10 to December 26, the peacock was shown in full color with a Santa hat for Christmas with text on top of it promoting an NBC show. Unlike past variations, the logo stayed in full color for the length of the program. From December 5 to December 31, 2011, NBC showed the same peacock logo with a Santa hat atop its feathers as was used in 2007. Unlike the previous variation, it was used only for the logo bug and promos before returning to its traditional grey logo bug for the program's length.
New Year's Day variation (2007).
From December 27, 2007 to January 1, 2008, a party hat was placed on the peacock for New Year's Day. Similar to the holiday variation, it has text on top of it and stays in full color for the program's length.
St. Patrick's Day variation (2010).
On St. Patrick's Day, NBC showed the same green peacock as was used in 2007.
Halloween variation (2010).
From October 29 until October 31, 2010, the peacock's normal colors were swapped out for just orange and black. This variation is also used annually during the Halloween special episode of "Today".
Valentine's Day variation (2011).
From February 7 to February 14, 2011, the peacock's normal colors have been swapped out for two shades of red and four shades of pink. This variation was seen at the end of some Valentine's Day promos.
Hop variation (2011).
In March 2011, to promote the new movie "Hop", the peacock's normal colors have been swapped out for two shades of blue, two shades of green, and two shades of orange.
Halloween variation (2011).
From October 25 to 31, 2011, a jack-o'-lantern with a carving of the peacock logo illuminated by a candle was shown during the Halloween season. It was used for the logo bug and promos, as well as during the October 30, 2011 live telecast of "NBC Sunday Night Football".
Thanksgiving Day variation (2011).
From November 24 to 26, 2011, a maple leaf was placed on the peacock for Thanksgiving Day. This was only used for the logo bug and promos.
Valentine's Day variation (2012).
On February 14, 2012, NBC switched the colors of the logo with red feathers. Only used for the logo bug and promos.
The Lorax variation (2012).
From February 27 to March 2, 2012, to promote the new movie "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax", NBC used a special variation of the peacock logo with the Lorax character watering the peacock, which then grew out into a big peacock with orange feathers. This variation was also used during the "Green Week" in November 2011 as part of their "Green is Universal" environmental initiative campaign, using the green peacock logo.
Devil's Due variation (2014).
From January 17 to March 3, 2014, to promote the new movie "Devil's Due", NBC used a special variation of the peacock logo with a red feathers, symbol of satan. This variation was also used during the "Revolution" in January 2014 as part of their "Green is Universal" environmental initiative campaign, using the green peacock logo.
Other variations.
In the early 1950s, the bold upper case NBC letters (used in the "Xylophone" logo) were also used as an animated "light-up letters" logo in synchronization with the NBC chimes in front of a gray background. This closing sequence was edited in at the end of a network program. Another variant was later used with a darker gray background and a disclaimer underneath the light-up letters: "This program was reproduced by the Kinephoto process," a reference to a live program put onto black and white film identified as a Kinescope recording. This variant was widely used throughout the 1950s and 1960s. Many programs were originally recorded in this manner before the advent of two-inch videotape. NBC however continued to use its Kinephoto recording system to archive many of its videotaped programs so the videotapes can be erased and reused for other programming. This is evident with such 1960s programs as Hullabaloo using both archived Kinescope footage with rare color videotape finds which was later re-released for home video on VHS and DVD.
In the NBC fall preview for special for 1965, the peacock introduction began as normal with announcer Mel Brandt's standard introduction, but when the peacock fades, Brandt says "It just starts in black and white!" This is because the special begins with almost the complete pre-title teaser of "Get Smart"'s pilot episode, which was shot in black-and-white.
In 1967, NBC was the first American television network to air The Beatles' film "A Hard Day's Night", but as it was filmed in black and white, NBC had to temporarily replace the peacock: a caption showing "I Dream of Jeannie" and "The Jerry Lewis Show" (the programs NBC were pre-empting that night) is pushed off the screen by an animated top-hatted penguin waddling on-screen and flapping its flightless wings (imitating the peacock), accompanied by announcer Mel Brandt drolly saying ""I Dream of Jeannie" and "The Jerry Lewis Show" will not be seen tonight. Instead... (music cue) The following very, very special program is brought to you in lively black and white, on NBC." At the end of this, the penguin takes off its top hat and unzips its chest. The Beatles jump out, performing, then run away chased by fans.
In 1968, an episode of "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In" started with the 1965 peacock logo. At the very end of the logo, the peacock sneezes, sending its feathers flying off-screen. This clip was later re-used in 1985 to open an episode of "TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes" starring Dick Clark and Ed McMahon. The sneezing peacock was only an animation added onto the end of the original clip of the 1965 peacock because the peacock's feathers became brighter when it sneezed.
In 1993, NBC commissioned several artists (such as Al Hirschfeld, Peter Max, John Kricfalusi, J. J. Sedelmaier, Joan C. Gratz, and Mark Malmberg) to devise personal variations of the peacock for promotional use.
However, the Gratz bumper was first used in 1992. Animated versions of the Hirschfeld, Sedelmeier, Gratz, and Kricfalusi peacocks acted as stings. Also, the Hirschfeld, Kricfalusi, Gratz, Sedelmeier, and Malmberg peacocks continue to air until 2002.
The current peacock logo was also used as a part of a sketch on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" during the first few seasons.
Chermayeff & Geismar's book Identify includes the original sketches for the current peacock logo.

</doc>
<doc id="2863925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863925" title="Onslow Stearns">
Onslow Stearns

Onslow Stearns (August 30, 1810 – December 29, 1878) was an American railroad builder and executive, and a politician from Concord, New Hampshire. Born in 1810 in Billerica, Massachusetts, he served New Hampshire in the state Senate and as a Republican governor for two terms. He died in 1878 in Concord, New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2863932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863932" title="Business trust">
Business trust

Business trust may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2863933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863933" title="Menteng">
Menteng

Menteng is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta, one of the administrative city which forms the special capital territory of Jakarta, Indonesia.
The subdistrict is best known as the location of the Menteng residential area, a new urban design developed in the 1910s to become a residential area for Dutch people and high officials. Supported by easy access to service centers and nearby to the central business district, this area has become one of the most expensive areas for residential real estate in Jakarta. Several important people such as former president Suharto take up residence in Menteng. The President of the United States Barack Obama spent his childhood in Menteng, attending local schools including Besuki Public School and St. Francis of Assisi School.
Menteng Subdistrict is located to the south of Merdeka Square. It is roughly bounded by Kebon Sirih Road to the north, a canal to the west, the canal "Kali Malang" to the south, and the river Ciliwung to the east.
Menteng Subdistrict is served by several railway stations (e.g. Gondangdia Station, Sudirman Station, Cikini Station, and Mampang Station. Mohammad Husni Thamrin Road is the main artery of Jakarta, which lies on the west part of Menteng Subdistrict.
Menteng residential area.
Menteng residential area is located in Menteng Subdistrict. The residential area spread over the administrative villages of Menteng and Gondangdia. Menteng residential area is the first modern housing estate in Jakarta. It was developed by the private real estate company N.V. de Bouwploeg, established by Pieter Adriaan Jacobus Moojen (1879–1955). At that time, the Menteng residential area was known then as "Nieuw Gondangdia", and was designed by P.J.S. Moojen and F.J. Kubatz in 1913. The "Nieuw Gondangdia", also known as Menteng Project, was started during the 1910s-1920s. The project was meant to be the southern expansion of the city Batavia.
Menteng Project is designed following a hierarchical system that divides streets and houses into several classes. Parks cover about 30 percent of the area in 23 places (e.g. Suropati Park, Tugu Tani park, and "Situ Lembang"). A 1975 gubernatorial decree declared Menteng a cultural heritage area, citing its distinctive architecture, which often includes high, slanting roofs and ample gardens. During the 1980s, the west part of Menteng was transformed into a commercial area, such as Sabang Street (now Agus Salim street), Jaksa Street, Teuku Cik Di Tiro Street, and Menteng Raya Street. Most of them changed into shops, hotels, offices, and restaurants. The Jalan Jaksa Festival is held every year in Jaksa Street.
Presently, conservation of the Menteng residential area has shown many problems. Despite being a cultural heritage area, many houses were renovated into a Neoclassical style by newcomers, a style which has no relation with Menteng residential area. Authorities may stop the construction of a building which violate the Menteng style, but some projects resume until the houses are finished. Other problem related to the conservation of Menteng residential area are banning of businesses in the area despite the rising land taxes, fraud by architects of the newly renovated buildings, and the general lack of knowledge in conservation.
The residences.
The houses of Menteng were aimed for the Dutch or locals with higher status. The new residential area was segregated from the traditional dwelling (kampung) scattered around the area. Menteng Project was the first housing project in Jakarta that follows the first law of urban planning in Batavia, known as "Bataviasche Bouwverordening".
The architecture style of Menteng residential area was known as "Indies" or "Indo-European". It is characterized with tall pyramid-shaped roofs, front terraces, wide courtyard, characteristic textures in the wall, and other architectural forms such as windows, doors, and prominent air ventilation. The architectural style of the building in Menteng can be classified into Classicism/Old Indies, Nieuwe Zakelijkheid, New Indies, Art Nouveau and Art Deco, Amsterdam School, De Stijl, Le Corbusier and traditional Indonesian architecture.
The residences of Menteng area was classified into several classes according to a recommendation by the Department of Civil Works ("Burgerlijke Openbare Werken"):
Mid-high class residences.
The residence was classified as class 1 to 3. The houses of these type were built in the core area of Menteng and were targeted for high officials and high class Dutch or European civilians. The architecture style was known as "Transitional Period" ("Overgangs periode"), which is the style of architecture between the older "Old Indies House" style ("Oud Indische Huis"), with its typical wide courtyard and wide terraces, to the more modern style called the "European Villa". The area is connected with wide boulevards.
Houses in this class are generally one or two floored free-standing house ("vrijstaand huis") with one or two wings/pavilions attached to the main building.
Mid-low class residences.
The residence was classified as class 4 to 7. These are the most dominant type of houses in Menteng. The architecture style is a fusion between the Dutch Transitional Period houses and local traditional houses. The area is connected with narrower streets, classified in Dutch as "Laan", "Straat" or "Weg".
Residence class 6 and 7 were targeted for the colonial government officials and was known as "Land Woningen Voor Ambtenaren" (Dutch "Country Houses for Officials"). Generally, these houses are one-floored and can sometimes be a semi-detached house (Dutch "koppel").
Facilities.
The master plan of Menteng included some facilities and infrastructures:
Kelurahan (Administrative Villages).
The subdistrict of Menteng is divided into five "kelurahan" or administrative villages:

</doc>
<doc id="2863937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863937" title="Kearny Code">
Kearny Code

The Kearny Code is a legal code named after General Stephen W. Kearny. The Kearny Code was promulgated in Santa Fe, New Mexico on 22 September 1846 for use in the New Mexico Territory, as occupied by the United States Army during the U.S.-Mexican War. Four days later General Kearny left for Alta California. 
Origin.
The code was prepared by Colonel A. W. Doniphan, of the first regiment of Missouri mounted volunteers, who received significant assistance from Private Willard P. Hall, of his regiment. The code was based on the Bill of Rights and laws of Missouri, with amendations from the laws of Coahuila y Tejas, and the "Livingston Code".
The Kearny Code became the basis of New Mexico law. It was submitted to Congress along with the Organic Act creating the Territory of New Mexico. It was amended by the territorial legislature, and after statehood by the state legislature, but many of the provisions remain substantially unchanged today (2007).
Provisions.
The promulgation consisted of three parts, a "Bill of Rights", a list of appointments to civil offices in the territory of New Mexico, and "Laws for the Government of the Territory of New Mexico". The "Bill of Rights" did not distinguish between citizens and non-citizens, but granted rights to "all persons". It contained most of the safeguards of the United States Bill of Rights and others from Missouri. The laws were mostly verbatim from a copy of the Missouri statutes that Private Hall, who was a Missouri attorney, had in his saddlebags.

</doc>
<doc id="2863943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863943" title="Asbjørn Kloster">
Asbjørn Kloster

Asbjørn Kloster (21 December 1823 – 18 January 1876) was a social reformer and leader of the Norwegian temperance movement in the 19th century. 
Background.
Asbjørn Olsen Kloster was born in Vestre Bokn in Tysvær, Rogaland, Norway. His ancestors were farmers on the islands in Boknafjord. He grew up on the Boknaberg farm. His parents were farmer (and later merchant) Ole Endresen (1795–1883) and Martha Asbjørnsdatter Kloster (1800–1880). At eight years of age, he was sent to live with an aunt on the farm Vik at Rennesøy. He was married to Marie Elisabeth Knudsen from 1861. 
Career.
After his confirmation Kloster moved to Stavanger, where his parents had relocated. Kloster worked as a salesman, first at his father's shop and later for others. During the period from 1842 to 1845, Kloster came in contact with the Religious Society of Friends movement in Stavanger. The Quaker Movement had first got a foothold in parts of Rogaland, Norway with sailors who had served as British prisoner of war during the Napoleonic Wars. In 1846 Kloster was recruited for a year studying in England, by English Quakers who visited the city. He subsequently translated Quaker literature and followed the English-speaking Quakers as an interpreter on their travels to Norway, Denmark, Iceland and the Faroe Islands. For thirteen years, from 1848, Kloster operated a Quaker school ("Kvekerskolen") in Stavanger. During the 1950s Kvekerskolen became the largest private school in Stavanger, with up to 100 students. Kloster wrote several textbooks himself, including a catechism, a reader and English textbooks. 
Asbjørn Kloster played an active role both as a minister, teacher and as a publisher. In 1859, Kloster founded the first total abstinence society in Norway, (in ), in Stavanger. The founding meeting was held by Kloster's initiative on 29 December 1859, with about 120 participants, and 30 persons signed up for membership in the new society. The society was soon renamed . The following year he began to publish the Norwegian language temperance magazine ', also called ' (in 1861 renamed to "" meaning Friend of Man), which he published monthly until his death 15 years later. Kloster moved to Christiania in 1861, where he also founded a temperance society. He moved back to Stavanger in 1863. The nationwide society (, DNT) was founded by Kloster in 1875. At the time of Kloster's death in 1876 DNT had a total of 7,000 members, distributed among 40 local chapters. The Stavanger chapter had around 1,600 members.
Kloster also operated an import business which specialized in the sale of glass, stoneware and porcelain which he imported from England. 
A statue of Asbjørn Kloster was raised in Stavanger in 1912. A Norwegian postage stamp was issued in his honor during 1959. A street in the Storhaug borough of Stavanger was named after him in 1903. He is buried at "Kvekergravlunden" in Stavanger.

</doc>
<doc id="2863948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863948" title="Dennis Vacco">
Dennis Vacco

Dennis C. Vacco (born August 16, 1952) is an American lawyer and politician. He graduated with a B.A. from Colgate University in 1974, a J.D. from the University at Buffalo Law School in 1978, and was admitted to the bar in 1979.
Background.
Vacco was born in Buffalo, New York, and was raised in Western New York State. 
Political career.
As Erie County Assistant District Attorney.
Vacco was an Assistant District Attorney of Erie County from 1978 to 1988, and US Attorney for the Western District of New York from 1988 until the beginning of the Clinton administration in 1993. 
As New York State Attorney General.
Vacco was New York State Attorney General from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 1998. 
1994 election.
In 1994, Vacco defeated Karen Burstein, the Democratic nominee. One week before the election, Staten Island Borough President Guy Molinari announced that Burstein was not qualified to serve as attorney general because she was a lesbian. The combination of Molinari's remarks, a strong national Republican showing, and the win of George Pataki in the governor's race, led to Vacco narrowly defeating Burstein. "The New York Times" called Molinari's remarks, "gutter politics." 
Selected cases.
Vacco brought national attention through a series of prosecutions brought against ISPs, including Dreamscape Online for distributing child pornography. The principal defendant, Buffnet, eventually pled guilty to a charge of fourth degree facilitation of a felony and was fined $5,000.
Vacco played a prominent role in Mayor Rudy Giuliani's attempt to require Time Warner Cable to carry the Fox News Channel. An attempt by Vacco to bring an anti-trust violation charge against Time-Warner failed. 
As Attorney General, Vacco also argued the landmark assisted suicide case "Vacco v. Quill" before the United States Supreme Court. He successfully defended the state's ban on the practice, winning the case by a 9–0 vote. 
1998 Election.
In 1998, Vacco was defeated in his bid for re-election by future New York Governor Eliot Spitzer by approximately 0.6% of the total votes cast.
Electoral history.
Vacco's electoral history has been tracked, online, at "Our Campaigns", and it is been reflected here.
Post-political career.
After leaving the Attorney General's office, Vacco was a lobbyist in New York State. He was identified as having made inconsistencies in filings that he made in that position. In April 2006, after a six-month investigation, Vacco was cleared of allegations that he violated lobbying regulations in New York State. The investigation "centered on whether Vacco’s firm had an illegal contingency-fee contract with a Rochester businessman in exchange for helping him win a casino deal with an Oklahoma tribe. In October 2005, Vacco’s lobbying firm agreed to pay the state $50,000 in connection with the questionable contract, but it was not required to admit wrongdoing."
After being a lobbyist, Vacco worked as Vice-President for New York Operations of Waste Management, Inc. In 2007, he was a member of former Erie County Executive Chris Collins' executive transition committee.
Currently, Vacco is a partner in the Buffalo, New York law firm, Lippes Mathias Wexler Friedman, LLP.

</doc>
<doc id="2863955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863955" title="Let Me Entertain You (Robbie Williams song)">
Let Me Entertain You (Robbie Williams song)

"Let Me Entertain You" is a single by Robbie Williams, released as the fifth and final single from his debut studio album, "Life thru a Lens" (1997). It was written by Williams and Guy Chambers. In March 1998, the track became a top three hit in the United Kingdom, peaking at number three. The song became a hit in the UK staying inside the top ten for a month, and is certified Silver for sales of over 200,000 copies.
Background.
Williams and Chambers were inspired to write a 'Who-esque' song after watching the Rolling Stones film Rock 'n' Roll Circus together.
"When we started writing the demo there was a furious jungle beat underneath it. It was so hardcore it got me very excited, and I still get excited listening to it now. It's not really heavy metal, it's more like camp rock opera!"
The lyrics are mostly innuendoes and double entendre, telling the story of a man trying to persuade someone to cheat on their boyfriend with him. Although the sex of this person is never mentioned, it is worth noting that the lyrics include the phrase "mon cher", which means "my dear" only when referring to a male. In a 2010 interview, Williams was quoted as saying "An awful lot of gay pop stars pretend to be straight. I'm going to start a movement of straight pop stars pretending to be gay." 
For reasons unknown, the 2004 track on the Greatest Hits album differs slightly from the original 1998 release. The song has been subtly remixed, and Williams's vocals during the instrumental have been removed entirely. This remix was also featured on the compilation album in 2010. The original track however, is still featured on William's official website and Vevo channel.
Music video.
Directed by frequent collaborator Vaughan Arnell, the video was recorded on the 20th February 1998, the day after Williams' positively received duet with Tom Jones at the Brit Awards. The positive reception from the audience and the general public gave Williams the confidence to perform in the eccentric manner seen in the video.  
The Robbie Williams Band are dressed as members of the band KISS. William's makeup is very similar to Gene Simmons' on stage persona, the Demon. 
After Simmons filed a lawsuit against King Diamond for using the makeup design in the 1980s, Williams had concerns over KISS taking legal action against Let Me Entertain You, but felt the makeup was necessary to get into character. No legal action was taken.
Live performances.
Let Me Entertain You became Williams' concert opener for most of his shows throughout his career. He enjoys opening shows with high energy performances of the song "because of what happens to the audience... this is going to make you do this right at the beginning of the set." To date, Williams has given 314 live performances of the song.
Williams performed the song for the Brit Awards' opening act in 1999, and as the opening act for the Diamond Jubilee Concert as part of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II's Diamond Jubilee celebrations in 2012 before an audience of an estimated 500,000.
He also performed the song at the Live 8 Concert at Hyde Park in 2005, to high critical acclaim. Richard Curtis described the performance as ecstatic, comparing Williams to "a man who hasn't had sex for two years coming." David Baddiel likened the set to Freddie Mercury's iconic performance at Live Aid in 1985, and Williams himself commented that "the audience just went ballistic." When interviewed, members of the audience commented that Williams's performance was the first time of the night they could hear the audience singing at the back of the field.
As with many of William's live performances, he often improvises with the melody and changes the lyrics to suit the venue or event. One notable example of this was during the Progress Live tour in 2011 following his reconciliation with his former band Take That after 15 years apart. The lyric ""You're my rock of empathy"" was replaced with ""Hello remember me?""
Williams rarely sings the chorus himself, often relying on the audience and backing vocalists to carry the song for him as he shouts words of encouragement for the audience.
A popular pop-rock anthem in most European countries, the song has been covered live by several artists, including Bon Jovi, Westlife and Kelly Clarkson. Five singers have performed the song on Syco's talent show the "The X Factor".
Usage in other media.
Let Me Entertain You is often played during news reports or interviews with Williams, and is frequently played to welcome the singer to the stage during chat shows and other personal appearances.
The song is not only used in association with Williams. It was the only song featured in the video game Actua Soccer 3, played at the end of the football match in the movie Mean Machine, and was also featured in a UK commercial for the Sega Dreamcast.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Let Me Entertain You".
UK CD1<br>
UK CD2<br>
Australian CD

</doc>
<doc id="2863963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863963" title="List of constant species in the British National Vegetation Classification">
List of constant species in the British National Vegetation Classification

The following is a list of vascular plants, bryophytes and lichens which are constant species in one or more community of the British National Vegetation Classification system.

</doc>
<doc id="2863973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863973" title="Buni Zom">
Buni Zom

The Buni Zom group is a prominent mountain area of Chitral, in the Hindu Kush range of Pakistan. It is located about 50 km (30 mi) northeast of the town of Chitral, and about 50 km (30 mi) east of Tirich Mir and rises to , the highest peak in the Hindu Kush.
In 1957, the New Zealanders W.K.A. Berry and C.H. Tyndale-Biscoe accomplished the first ascent of the Main Peak of Buni Zom from the steep razorlike north ridge The second ascent was in 1975 by Japaneses Masao Okabe, Hideo Sato and Shigeru Tabe and third ascent was in 1979 by Americans Joe Reinhard and Richard J. Isherwood both from south face.
The Buni Zom Group has many other peaks, some of which have been climbed. There are 12 peaks over in the Buni Zom group which are unclimbed Himalayan Index.
Peaks of the Buni Zom Group.
Following is a list of the peaks over 6,000 meters in the Buni Zom group, from the Himalayan Index. The first ascent of the peak named Buni Zom SS or 6MT or P6110 was by Nikolas Kroupis and George Voutiropoulos on 31 July 2007 this climb is not yet recorded in the Himalayan Index, but the article is published in American Alpine Journal 

</doc>
<doc id="2863987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863987" title="Sven Aarrestad">
Sven Aarrestad

Sven Aarrestad (8 October 1850 – 19 January 1942) was a writer, politician and leader in the Norwegian temperance movement during the 19th century.
Biography.
Sven Aarrestad was born at Varhaug in Rogaland county, Norway. He was the eldest of six siblings born to his parents, farmer Eivind Torkelsen Aarrestad (1820–1902) and Inger Svensdatter Skretting (1829–1922). When he was four years old, his family moved to Årrestad in the community of Time, where he attended private school. From 1868–1869, he attended the teachers' college in Egersund. He was a teacher from 1869–73 in Høyland. From 1873–75, he went to the seminary in Stord. From 1875–76, he was a teacher in Brevik, from 1876–78 in Tønsberg, and from 1878–91, managed a high school at Sande in Vestfold. He was a farmer in Sande from 1891–1906 and the mayor of Sande from 1899 to 1906.
The work of Asbjørn Kloster had aroused Aarrestad's interest in the temperance movement. In 1877 he published his first book on this topic "Kom og hjælp os!". From 1883–1905 and 1922–1927, he was editor of "Menneskevennen", which was published by the Norwegian temperance movement ("Det norske Totalafholdsselskab"). He was chairman of the Norwegian temperance movement from 1887–1927. He published more than 100 books and pamphlets, most regarding the use of alcohol. From 1892–94, he represented Jarlsberg and Larvik in the Norwegian Parliament. From 1900–1909, he was a member of the executive committee of the Norwegian Liberal Party. From 1906 to 1908, he was agriculture minister in Michelsen's Cabinet and Jørgen Løvland administration. In 1908, he was appointed Governor of Nedenes.
In 1901, Sven Aarrestad was decorated Knight, First class, and in 1908 Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. Aarrestad was also the holder of the Grand Cross of the Order of the Dannebrog. His last years were spent on his property Soltuft in Arendal, where he died 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="2863989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863989" title="Keihanshin industrial region">
Keihanshin industrial region

The encompasses the Japanese cities of Kyōto, Ōsaka and Kōbe and their surrounding prefectures.
The term Keihanshin is composed of one character of each of the cities, but in their Sino-Japanese reading: "kei" of Kyōto [京]都; "han" of Ōsaka 大[阪], "shin" of Kōbe [神]戸.

</doc>
<doc id="2863992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863992" title="RAJAR">
RAJAR

RAJAR (Radio Joint Audience Research Limited) was established in 1992 to operate a single audience measurement system for the radio industry in the United Kingdom. RAJAR is jointly owned by the BBC and the RadioCentre. Prior to this, the BBC and RadioCentre’s predecessor (The CRCA) carried out their own measurements independently of each other. 
The company operates as a Joint Industry Committee (JIC) and its Board is chaired by an independent Chairman. It has shareholder representation from the BBC and the commercial sector, as well as the IPA (Institute of practitioners in advertising) and the ISBA (Incorporated Society of British Advertisers). The company is a non- profit making entity.
RAJAR collects information on behalf of over 300 BBC and Ofcom Licenced commercial radio stations, ranging from very small local services to the national networks. Station listening by time, duration, platform (AM/FM, DAB, Online/APP, and DTV) and location (in car, at home, at work, or elsewhere) is recorded and published on a quarterly basis.
The research methodology is based on a continuous diary survey (ex. Christmas holidays) measuring the listening behaviour of over 100,000 adults (aged 15+) a year. The diary is filled in on a quarter-hour basis for one week’s listening drawn from a sample representative of the individual station transmission area and the nation as a whole. The fieldwork for the Research is carried out on behalf of RAJAR by specialist research contractors, currently Ipsos Mori. The sampling point framework is undertaken by RSMB Ltd.
The diary based system is the most common method of measuring radio audiences worldwide. Some countries have introduced electronic devices called audiometers. RAJAR has tested over recent years several audiometers but has not determined any viable for introduction in the UK market. RAJAR continues to work with developers to determine future viability of innovations with audio meters and any new measurement techniques that could be of use.
Historically, the data has been collected from respondents via a paper diary. From Quarter 3, 2011 RAJAR introduced an online version of a radio listening diary (Radio Diary) as an additional collection methodology. It is recognised that respondent engagement is critical to the continued quality of the survey and that by offering a choice as to how people record and return their listening data will help maintain the current high levels of participation and completion into the future. Additional benefits also include higher accuracy in attribution of listening to the different platforms (Digital/non digital) as well as higher in home completion that in turn enhances overall data quality.

</doc>
<doc id="2863997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863997" title="Gabi (footballer)">
Gabi (footballer)

Gabriel Fernández Arenas (born 10 July 1983), commonly known as Gabi, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Atlético Madrid as a defensive midfielder.
Football career.
Atlético Madrid.
Gabi was born in Madrid. A product of Atlético Madrid's youth system he was seldom used during his debut season with the "Colchoneros"' first team. 
After a loan to another club in the capital, Getafe CF, he would amass 52 La Liga appearances for the club from 2005 to 2007, scoring his only goal in a 1–1 away draw against RCD Espanyol on 9 April 2006.
Zaragoza.
In early February 2007 Gabi joined Real Zaragoza on a €9 million transfer, agreeing to a four-year contract effective as of July. He was an undisputed starter in his first year, but the Aragonese were relegated from the top flight.
Defensive-minded Gabi netted four times in 35 games in the 2008–09 campaign, helping Zaragoza immediately regain its lost status. In the following season he again was an automatic first-choice, helping his club to a final 14th position.
Again a starter in the 2010–11, only missing matches due to suspension, Gabi scored a career-best eleven goals as Zaragoza again escaped relegation, six from penalty kicks – he was also team captain. On 12 March 2011, he scored twice from the spot in a 4–0 home win against Valencia CF; on 30 April, in the same predicament, he scored in a 3–2 away success against Real Madrid and, in the last matchday, he grabbed a brace in a 2–1 win at Levante UD, which certified the team's permanence.
Atlético return.
On 1 July 2011 Gabi returned to Atlético Madrid, with a transfer fee of around €3 million. He scored his first goal for the team on 4 December, in a 3–1 home win against Rayo Vallecano – adding one in his own net –and started most of his first season in his second spell, partnering another club youth graduate, Mario Suárez, in defensive midfield.
In the 2012–13 campaign Gabi played 45 official matches, including seven in the club's victorious run in the Copa del Rey, the first in 17 years. He was also selected by manager Diego Simeone as the new captain.
On 17 May 2014, in the away match to FC Barcelona that was the last of the season, Gabi took a 49th-minute corner kick which was headed in by Diego Godín to equalise 1–1, and give Atlético its first league title since 1996. On 4 July he signed a new contract, keeping him at the club until 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="2863999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2863999" title="Syresham">
Syresham

Syresham is a village and civil parish in the English district of South Northamptonshire. It is near Brackley town and close to Silverstone Circuit. It is surrounded by villages and hamlets such as Biddlesden, Whitfield, Northamptonshire, Helmdon, Silverstone and Wappenham, and the border with Buckinghamshire lies just to the south of the village. The border itself is defined by the River Great Ouse, which rises within the parish. There are two small hamlets in the parish: Crowfield and Pimlico.
The local geology includes the cornbrash and oolitic limestone of Jurassic age. There is a large abandoned quarry north of the church which supplied the stone for many of the older buildings in the village. The population, like so many other villages in England, is now much lower than even a century ago due to the British agricultural revolution. There are the remains of a very large fish pond south of the church and close to the manor house. The dam wall still stands but the pond was drained long ago for its rich pasture.
Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries most of the land in and around Syresham passed to Magdalen College, Oxford. Much of the estate has now been sold off, however
There are several deserted medieval villages nearby, including Astwell near Helmdon, the site of the still standing keep or gatehouse of Astwell Castle.
Local woods.
An old forest town, it is surrounded by the remnants of ancient woodland, the hunting grounds for several English kings such as Richard III. They include Whistley wood near Brackley and Hazelborough wood near Silverstone. Further afield is Yardley Chase and Whittlewood Forest. They are mainly owned by the Forestry Commission and are crossed by many public footpaths and some byways and bridleways leading to the village. The woods have a diverse range of trees, including oak, beech, hazel and some conifer stands. The hazel will have been coppiced in previous times, but are now completely neglected. All of the ancient woods are surrounded by deep ditches, a common indicator of their great age and importance in the Medieval period.
There is a Site of Special Scientific Interest or SSSI near Hazelborough wood which hosts rare marsh plants including orchids. It is known as "Syresham Marshy Meadows" and hosts a number of very rare plants owing to its waterlogged condition.
The woods are rich in a wide range of plants, especially common bluebells and primroses (or Primula vulgaris) in the spring, and associated orchids as well as the yellow rattle. There is a diverse fauna including mammals such as red deer and muntjac, and birds such as the common buzzard and red kites are also seen in the parish.
Facilities.
The village possesses a public house, the "Kings Head", a sub post office, primary school, church and chapel. It has a thriving social life, with a Sports and Social Club (football field and cricket pitch), and several local societies (such as the Syresham History Society). There are several Grade II listed buildings, including The Priory, Manor Farm and The Old College Farmhouse. St. James' Church, dating from the 12th century, is Grade II* listed.
It is bypassed by the A43 trunk road and is the western terminus of the Ouse Valley Way long distance footpath. It is traversed by Welsh lane, a Drovers' road used to bring cattle and sheep to London before the railways killed off the droving business. The lane has wide verges at many places between the village and Buckingham which were ideal for grazing the livestock. There are the remains or stump of a hanging tree at the cross-roads just south of Biddlesden.
Sport.
Sport has always played a central part in village life. Syreham currently has two senior football teams playing in the North Bucks & District Football League and two senior cricket teams playing in the South Northants Cricket League. There are also junior teams representing both football and cricket. Syresham also has a darts team and a bowls club. For those who play rugby Brackley Rugby Union Football Club is only 4 miles away. Syresham also has a golf society, the Gytte Lane Club, and several courses within a ten mile drive.
Awards.
Syresham won village of the year awards in 2008, 2009 and 2010; being awarded the best community within the region. Contributions to this were events such as the village Scarecrow Festival and village pantomime. The village pantomime celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2009 with a brilliant production of Cinderella.

</doc>
<doc id="2864005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864005" title="New Executable">
New Executable

The New Executable (abbreviated NE or NewEXE) is a 16-bit .exe file format, a successor to the DOS MZ executable format. It was used in Windows 1.0, multi-tasking MS-DOS 4.0, Windows 2.x, OS/2 1.x, Windows 3.x, and the OS/2 subset of Windows NT up to version 5.0 (Windows 2000). A NE is also called a segmented executable.
History.
The first product to be released using the New Executable format was Windows 1.0 in 1985, followed by the 1986 Multi-tasking MS-DOS 4.0, which was a separate branch of MS-DOS development, released between mainstream MS-DOS versions 3.2 and 3.3, and sometimes referred to as "European MS-DOS 4.0".
OS/2 1.0 was not released until 1987, but the "target operating system" field in the file header reserves value 01 for OS/2, and 02 for Windows, suggesting that the format was designed with OS/2 already in mind, the Joint Development Agreement between IBM and Microsoft for OS/2 having been signed in August 1985, a few months before Windows 1.0 was released in November 1985.
The Portable Executable (PE) format replaced NE format in 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows, while Linear Executables (LX) replaced NE for 32-bit programs in OS/2.
Compatibility.
While designed for 16-bit OSes, NE executables can be run on 32-bit Windows. Beginning with Windows Vista, icon resources inside New Executables are not extracted and shown even by the 32-bit shell. 64-bit versions of Windows completely lack native support for running NE executables, because 64-bit Windows can't run 16-bit programs on the processor without the help of an emulator.
Due to the rare and fairly complex nature of these files, only a few .EXE packers support it: WinLite, PackWin, PKLite 2.01, and SLR Optloader or NeLite for OS/2. The NE format is also still used as (non-executable) container for codice_1 Microsoft Windows bitmapped fonts.
DOS stub.
New (NE), linear (LX), and portable (PE) executables retain the DOS MZ format file header for backward compatibility with DOS. When run under DOS, a so-called "DOS stub" is executed which usually prints a message and exits. However, Windows 1.0 executables have their file header formatted in such a way that DOS refuses to run them with the "program too large to fit in memory" error message, see Windows 1.0 Features.

</doc>
<doc id="2864007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864007" title="North Carolina Cabinet">
North Carolina Cabinet

The Cabinet is the group of unelected heads of the executive departments of the North Carolina government. It is separate and distinct from the North Carolina Council of State, the members of which are elected state-wide, and which makes up the rest of the executive leadership of the government. All cabinet secretaries are appointed by the Governor. 
The Cabinet's size decreased by two on Jan. 1, 2012, when three Cabinet-level agencies, the North Carolina Department of Crime Control and Public Safety, the North Carolina Department of Correction and the North Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, were merged to become the North Carolina Department of Public Safety.
Current members.
Governor Pat McCrory announced his initial Cabinet members before he took office on January 5, 2013, and he swore them into office the same day as his inauguration. 
McCrory also named senior officials who are not Cabinet "Secretaries," but hold posts with a similar rank as Cabinet officials:

</doc>
<doc id="2864015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864015" title="Pan Twardowski">
Pan Twardowski

Pan Twardowski (), in Polish folklore and literature, is a sorcerer who entered a pact with the Devil, similar to the figure of Faust in German literature. Like Faust, Pan Twardowski sold his soul in exchange for special powers – such as summoning up the spirit of Polish King Sigismund Augustus' deceased wife – but unlike Goethe's figure, he eventually met a tragic fate. The tale of Pan Twardowski exists in various diverging versions and forms the basis for many works of fiction, including one by Adam Mickiewicz.
Legend.
According to an old legend, Twardowski was a nobleman (szlachcic) who lived in Kraków in the 16th century. He sold his soul to the devil in exchange for great knowledge and magical powers. However, Twardowski wanted to outwit the devil by including a special clause in the contract, stating that the devil could only take Twardowski's soul to Hell during his visit to Rome – a place the sorcerer never intended to go. Other variants of the story have Twardowski being sold to the devil as a child by his father.
With the devil's aid, Twardowski quickly rose to wealth and fame, eventually becoming a courtier of King Sigismund Augustus, who sought consolation in magic and astrology after the death of his beloved wife, Barbara Radziwiłł. He was said to have summoned the ghost of the late queen to comfort the grieving king, using a magic mirror. The sorcerer also wrote two books, both dictated to him by the devil – a book on magic and an encyclopedia. 
After years of evading his fate, Twardowski was eventually tricked by the devil and caught not in the city, but at an inn called "Rzym" ("Rome" in Polish). While being spirited away, Twardowski started to pray to the Virgin Mary, who made the devil drop his victim midway to Hell. Twardowski fell on the Moon where he lives to this day. His only companion is his sidekick whom he once turned into a spider; from time to time Twardowski lets the spider descend to Earth on a thread and bring him news from the world below.
Historical Twardowski.
Some German historians have suggested that Twardowski may have been a German nobleman who was born in Nuremberg and studied in Wittenberg before coming to Kraków. His speculative name "Laurentius Dhur" was Latinised to "Durus" and in turn rendered as "Twardowski" in Polish; "durus" and "twardy" mean "hard" in Latin and Polish respectively. There is also some speculation that this legend was inspired by the life of either John Dee or his associate Edward Kelley, both of whom lived in Kraków for a time.
The title "Pan", used as a universal honorific and polite form of address in modern Polish, was reserved for members of nobility ("szlachta") at the time the tale developed and was roughly equivalent to the English "Sir" (see Polish name). Twardowski's forename is sometimes given as "Jan" (John), although most versions of his tale do not mention a forename at all. This, however, may have resulted as a confusion between "Pan Twardowski" and a Polish Catholic priest writer, Jan Twardowski.
Pan Twardowski in literature, music and film.
The legend of Pan Twardowski inspired a great number of Polish, Ukrainian, Russian and German poets, novelists, composers, directors and other artists.
One of the best known literary works featuring Pan Twardowski is the humorous ballad "Pani Twardowska" by Adam Mickiewicz (1822). In this version of the story, Twardowski agrees to be taken to Hell on the condition that the devil spends one year living with his wife, Pani (Lady) Twardowska. The devil, however, prefers to run away and thus Pan Twardowski is saved. Stanisław Moniuszko wrote music for the ballad in 1869.
Other works based on the legend include:
Pan Twardowski is also a popular character in the folk art of the Kraków region. He may be found, for example, in some of the famous Cracovian cribs (szopki). He is typically depicted as a Polish noble either riding a rooster or standing on the Moon.
Places associated with Pan Twardowski.
Pan Twardowski is said to have lived in or near Kraków, the capital of Poland at the time. Different places in Kraków claim to be the exact location of Twardowski's house. The sorcerer might have lived either somewhere in the city center, near the Rynek Główny or Ulica Grodzka, or across the River Vistula in the village of Krzemionki (now part of Kraków).
Across Poland, there are a number of inns and pubs called "Rome" ("Rzym"), all of which claim to be the one where Pan Twardowski met the devil. The oldest of these inns date back to only the late 17th century, about 100 years after Twardowski's time. The one in Sucha is probably the best known of these inns.
In the sacristy of a church in Węgrów, hangs a polished metal plate claimed to be the magic mirror which once belonged to Pan Twardowski. According to a legend, it was possible to see future events reflected in the mirror until it was broken in 1812 by Emperor Napoléon Bonaparte of France when he saw in it his future retreat from Russia and collapse of his empire.
It is also said that Pan Twardowski spent some time in the city of Bydgoszcz, where, in his memory, a figure was recently mounted in a window of a tenement, overseeing the Old Town. At 1:13 p.m. and 9:13 p.m. the window opens and Pan Twardowski appears, to the accompaniment of weird music and devilish laughter. He takes a bow, waves his hand, and then disappears. This little show gathers crowds of amused spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="2864021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864021" title="Schocken Department Store, Stuttgart">
Schocken Department Store, Stuttgart

The Schocken Department Store (Kaufhaus Schocken, later Merkur Department Store) was a department store in the south German town of Stuttgart.
It was built by the Schocken department store chain owned by Salman Schocken. The architect was Erich Mendelsohn, who also built the "Kaufhaus Schocken" in Nuremberg (1925/26) and Chemnitz). The Stuttgart store was the most significant of the latter's projects in the sphere of retail store construction. The inspiration for the design came to Mendelsohn while he was attending a concert of music by Bach.
The building was a department store with a modern style in an urban context. It was constructed of brick and concrete. The shopping area within the building had mainly wooden furnishings and, in the absence of air conditioning, had a large number of windows. Again owing to the absence of air conditioning, the food hall was situated in the basement. The name of the store was displayed in lettering some 7.5' in height and illuminated after dark. The booklet which he designed for the opening features Mendelsohn's coloured sketch. He also created a logo and branding style based on the lettering on the façade of the store.
The department store, together with the Tagblatt-Turm of Ernst-Otto Oßwald across the way, constituted an impressive ensemble of modern architecture, and was damaged only slightly in World War II. In 1960, the local authority demolished the store, despite international protest. In its place today stands Egon Eiermann's unremarkable department store building (Galeria Kaufhof, previously Horten). The building was re-leased in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2864028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864028" title="Mark Richardson (musician)">
Mark Richardson (musician)

Mark Richardson (born 18 May 1970, Leeds) is an English drummer, of the UK rock band Skunk Anansie and Little Angels, and formerly of Feeder.
Personal life.
Richardson lived the first seven years of his life in Leeds and became a Leeds United F.C. fan, as highlighted by his LUFC drumhead at Feeder's Leeds Academy gig. He grew up playing golf and rugby from the age of 5 and went on to be a competent golfer and played rugby union for East Yorkshire.
Richardson played in bands throughout his school years with his best friend and guitar player Phil Lavery.
Richardson was married to Maria Guzenina, a former VJ for MTV Europe. The couple divorced in 2001. Their son Alex was born in 1999. Guzenina was elected to the Parliament of Finland in 2007, re-elected in 2011 and appointed Minister of Health and Social Services in June 2011.
Richardson is a passionate biker and recently completed 'EnduroAfrica', a 2,500 km bike ride across South Africa to raise money for the charity, Riders For Health. Richardson has also competed in Dawn To Dusk 2007 as well as Enduro India and wants to compete in the Heroes Legend Rally (the original Paris-Dakar route). In 2011 and 2014 he went back to Africa with Riders For Health to raise more cash and awareness.
Richardson makes a cameo appearance as a bouncer in the 2009 movie, "Souled Out".
Mark married Erika Footman, a singer, on 27 October 2012.
Music.
In 1973, aged three, whilst living in Dumblane, his grandmother bought him a tin drum for Christmas. Richardsons first played a proper kit aged six at his friends house. This became his first kit in 1976, (a Ludwig Junior) and he has never looked back since.
Richardson now endorses drum products Sakae drums, (he hand made a custom 13x7, 11 ply, oak snare drum himself at the Sakae Factory in Osaka, Japan), Zildjian cymbals, Protection Racket cases, Vic Firth sticks, Tuner Fish Lug Locks, Porter and Davies thrones and Remo drumheads. Richardson has completed various drum clinics at events across the UK including Drum Fest 2004, Academy Of Contemporary Music (ACM) 2005, Scottish Drum Day 2006, Music Live 2006, Jordan Terrace fund raiser and most recently the inaugural Sakae Live 2014. He is also the patron of Scarborough's 'Coastival', a festival celebrating all the arts. He has given masterclasses at ACM, BIMM and in February 2014 joined the staff of online music degree course EMU. His production company Bam Bam Productions is filming all the tutorials and masterclasses.
Little Angels (Dec 1991- June 1993).
In 1991 he moved to London to join Little Angels after Michael Lee left to join The Cult. Matt Sorum had left The Cult to join Guns and Roses after their drummer, Stephen Adler, had allegedly been kicked out due to his growing drug habit. Marks first ever professional engagement was with the Little Angels on the 'Jim'll Fix It' show, a kids prime time TV show that helped children fulfil their dreams. Hailing from Scarborough, Little Angels were tipped for success and in 1992 wrote and recorded Jam, the bands 3rd record on Polydor. It entered the UK album charts at number 1. Despite touring extensively in Europe, stadium supports slots with Bryan Adams, Van Halen and Bon Jovi, adding to their already large fan base in the UK, the band split in the summer of 1993.
b.l.o.w (June 1993 - May 1994).
As well as Richardson, the band consisted of Bruce John Dickinson (guitar) and Jimmy Dickinson (keys), who were both members of Little Angels, vocalist Dave Gooding and bassist Nicky Boyes.
b.l.o.w. released their first "mini" album, Man And Goat Alike, within 5 months of getting together. The album itself was recorded over a mere four days at Jacob's Studios in Surrey. b.l.o.w. was soon out on the road, playing alongside the likes of Thunder and famously held a competition to stay at fans houses because they couldn't afford hotels. Feeder supported them on this tour in support of their first EP 'Swim.'
Presenting a distinctly "homegrown" image, b.l.o.w. issued demo tapes to fan club subscribers & released their first mini-album through mail order in music magazine Kerrang! before it was available in the shops.
Skunk Anansie (August 1995 - 2001 and April 2009 - present).
Richardson joined Skunk Anansie in August 1995 after meeting them at the Kerrang! Awards. Skunk Anansie were looking for a permanent replacement for Robbie France so an audition was set up and Skunk were reborn. His first job with the band was to record some movie soundtrack music for the film "Strange Days" followed by the video for Charity. His first gig with the band was the Leeds Heineken festival. Skunk went on to tour extensively around the world, covering the globe many times over the next six years. Most notable support tours were Therapy? and Lenny Kravitz in Europe and Sevendust, Rollins Band, Rammstein in the US. Skunk Anansie enjoyed success in the UK Charts with three Top 20 albums. Richardson played drums on their second album "Stoosh" in 1996 and their third album "Post Orgasmic Chill" in 1999. These albums were both certified platinum and gold in the UK respectively, and both sold over five and a half million copies worldwide. Richardson also plays on the tracks from "Paranoid and Sunburnt" at Skunk's live shows. Richardson re-joined Skunk Anansie, after playing two gigs in April at the Water Rats venue in Kings Cross, London. A singles compilation "Smashes and Trashes" was released in November 2009 with a tour to follow. 2010 saw the band record a brand new record 'Wonderlustre' followed by a European arena tour and festival season of 45 festivals in 2011. Black Traffic followed in 2012 and Skunk hit the road again in Europe and playing more arenas and another 40 odd festivals in the summer of 2013. In September 2013 they played a sold out acoustic show at London's Cadogan Hall and released 'An Acoustic Skunk Anansie Live In London' to critical acclaim. The band again hit the road in Europe in support of the release.
Feeder (January 2002 - April 2009).
In January 2002, Feeder's drummer Jon Lee committed suicide in his Miami home. Richardson was asked by Feeder's frontman—Grant Nicholas—to drum with the band. Richardson had previously worked with Feeder when they supported b.l.o.w. as well as Skunk Anansie. His first gig with Feeder was a warm-up for the Reading and Leeds Festivals in 2002, at the Portsmouth Wedgewood Rooms on 21 August. Richardson recorded drums on 2002's "Comfort In Sound", 2005's "Pushing the Senses", tracks for 2006's "The Singles" album and 2008's "Silent Cry". All of these albums including "Comfort in Sound" (his first album with Feeder) made the Top 10 of the UK Albums Chart. On 6 May 2009, it was announced that Feeder had 'ended their partnership' with Richardson after seven years.

</doc>
<doc id="2864030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864030" title="Truncated hexagonal tiling">
Truncated hexagonal tiling

In geometry, the truncated hexagonal tiling is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are 2 dodecagons (12-sides) and one triangle on each vertex. 
As the name implies this tiling is constructed by a truncation operation applies to a hexagonal tiling, leaving dodecagons in place of the original hexagons, and new triangles at the original vertex locations. It is given an extended Schläfli symbol of "t"{6,3}. 
Conway calls it a truncated hextille, constructed as a truncation operation applied to a hexagonal tiling (hextille).
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane.
Uniform colorings.
There is only one uniform coloring of a truncated hexagonal tiling. (Naming the colors by indices around a vertex: 122.)
Related polyhedra and tilings.
The dodecagonal faces can be distorted into different geometries, like:
This tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of uniform truncated polyhedra with vertex configurations (3.2n.2n), and [n,3] Coxeter group symmetry.
Wythoff constructions from hexagonal and triangular tilings.
Like the uniform polyhedra there are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling).
Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
Circle packing.
The truncated hexagonal tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 3 other circles in the packing (kissing number). This is the lowest density packing that can be created from a uniform tiling. The dodecagonal gaps can be filled perfectly with 7 circles, creating a denser 3-uniform packing.
Triakis triangular tiling.
The triakis triangular tiling is a tiling of the Euclidean plane. It is an equilateral triangular tiling with each triangle divided into three obtuse triangles (angles 30-30-120) from the center point. It is labeled by face configuration V3.12.12 because each isosceles triangle face has two types of vertices: one with 3 triangles, and two with 12 triangles.
Conway calls it a kisdeltile, constructed as a kis operation applied to a triangular tiling (deltille).
In Japan the pattern is called asanoha for "hemp leaf", although the name also applies to other triakis shapes like the triakis icosahedron and triakis octahedron.
It is the dual tessellation of the truncated hexagonal tiling which has one triangle and two dodecagons at each vertex.

</doc>
<doc id="2864051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864051" title="Mount Gilbert">
Mount Gilbert

Mount Gilbert can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864054" title="Richland High School (Washington)">
Richland High School (Washington)

Richland High School is located in Richland, Washington, in the south-eastern part of the state. It was founded as Columbia High School in 1910 to serve the educational needs of the small town of Richland. The building was replaced with a much larger structure by the US Army Corps of Engineers in 1944 as part of the Manhattan Project. The campus is located at 930 Long Ave.
The facilities were extensively renovated ca 1964. The facilities have also been remodeled in stages between 1995 and 2006. Until the founding of Hanford High School in 1972, Richland High served as the only high school in the entire city. The school is part of the Richland School District.
Name change.
The school was named Columbia High School, or, as the students called it, Col Hi (pronounced 'cole high'), until the early 1980s. The official name was then changed to Richland High School starting with the 1982-1983 school year. Popular sentiment at the time was to preserve the association between the name of the city and the high school basketball and football teams due to other schools in Washington State having the same or very similar names to Columbia High School. Prior to planning and construction of Hanford School, the initials "RHS" were strongly identified with Columbia High School. Cheers chanted at athletic competitions referred to "RHS", and the letters "RHS" were prominently displayed above the entrance to the school's gymnasium. Some say that the name was changed so that the smaller high-school component of the Hanford K-12 complex then under construction would not claim to be "Richland High School". Regardless, there was very strong feeling about the Col-Hi basketball team which fueled some of the popular opposition to the bond issue which paid for construction of Hanford School through the proceeds of Col cat house. This opposition was most intense in the North end of town whose students would be enrolled in the new school and not at Col Hi. Some of the students who at the time voted against the change claim that the name was changed to avoid confusion with the nearby, and much smaller, Columbia High School in Burbank, Washington. Given the fact that Col Hi had been known as Columbia High School for a long time and played in a different division than the Burbank school, they believed that there was little reason to believe this argument and thus voted against the change. Many alumni from the era still refer to the school as Col Hi.
Academics.
RHS 10th grade students take the WASL (Washington Assessment of Student Learning) to measure how well students are progressing in meeting state academic standards. In 2005-06, the percentages of students passing the WASL standards were: Reading, 100%; Math, 58.6%; Writing, 83.0%; and Science, 40.1%. These scores are higher than the average score for the whole state. Additional information may be found at the k. WASL web site
Athletics.
Richland High has roughly 2,000 students, making it a 4A school by Washington's state classifications.
Art Dawald, the legendary Richland Bombers basketball coach who generated some of the state's best teams spanning four decades, died Thursday, September 30, 1993. Dawald and the Bombers were synonymous during his coaching career that ended in 1970. His teams were respected throughout the state. Dawald had a 406-149 record at Richland and took the Bombers to the state tournament 16 times. Dawald's teams were 225-54 in the Big Nine Conference. The Richland High basketball gym is name Art Dawald Gym in his honor.
Legendary Richland High coach Fran Rish died in early February 2006 at age 89, following a battle with lung cancer. Rish was Richland's football coach in the mid-1940s, and later was Richland's baseball coach. The football stadium, which is used for both Richland and Hanford High School events, is located immediately adjacent to the grounds of Richland High School, and was named Fran Rish Stadium in his honor in 1986.
Football.
Richland High has a strong and proud tradition in football. The Bombers were state champions in 1981 and 1999, and played in the title game in 1975, 1981, 1996, and 1999. The 1981 football team State champions were coached by Coach J.D. Covington, whose history in Texas college football led the students to adopting the "hook 'em horns" logo and hand signs at that year's football games. The local Burger King offered commemorative glasses with both the Bomb/Mushroom cloud logo on one side and the 'Horns on the other. For four straight years under Coach Lonnie Pierson, between 1987–1990, the Bombers were undefeated in league play, and they were ranked nationally in 1989 and 1990.
Cross country.
Richland was a cross country power in the early 1970s, winning a then-record five straight AAA state boys' titles under coaches Max Jensen (1970–72) and Mike Hepper (1973–74). Jensen went on to be a successful coach at Spokane Community College. The RHS girls' cross-country team won the state championship in 1993, and also qualified for state in 2005 and 2006.
Soccer.
RHS has a very strong girls and boys soccer program. The 1999 state champion team, led by future United States World Cup and Gold Medalist winning goalkeeper Hope Solo, was undefeated and ranked fourth in the nation. Both the boys' and girls' team were state champions in 2003.
Octavio DoValle Sr. has been the Richland High School boys soccer coach since 1987. Under his direction, the soccer program built the first dedicated high school soccer stadium in state history.
Baseball.
Richland High School's baseball team has been highly successful, winning four state titles in eleven years (1999,2005,2007,2009). Current coach Ben Jacobs is the winningest coach in school history with over 400 wins. One of Jacobs' notable alumni is Travis Buck of the Cleveland Indians, formerly of the Oakland Athletics.
Mascot.
Originally the school had no mascot (1910 to 1922). From 1922 to 1937 the mascot was the Colts; from 1938 to 1944, the Beaver. In the fall of 1945, after the atomic bombs were dropped, the war ended and many employees at Hanford donated a day's pay to an effort to raise money for a military airplane to contribute to the war effort, student decided to change the mascot to a military bomber (hence 'the Bombers'). After the end of World War II, students and Richland residents learned about the pivotal role the little community played is producing plutonium for the nuclear bomb dropped on Nagasaki. "The actual timeframe belies this however. In June 1944 the campaign by Hanford workers to raise funds for the B-17 was conducted, with nearly 90% of the workers contributing. Upon completion of this warplane, it was flown to Hanford and a dedication ceremony was conducted on July 23, 1944 and was documented in the community newspaper. On December 6, 1945 a group of civic-minded residents brought up the idea of purchasing the plane, but the concept never came to fruition. At no time in any documentation in any newspapers during this period was there mention of the high school in reference to this plane, nor was there any mention of it in the high school's yearbook of that year. 1944-1945 was the first official school year of the high school, and the nickname "Beavers" was the name appearing in that year's yearbook. A dented practice bomb painted the school colors of green and gold became the mascot, dragged onto the field at football games and pulled onto the basketball court on a cart. The mascot "The Bombers" is clearly shown in pictures of that year and for many years following. To this date, there are no pictures showing an airplane as a mascot for the school in its early years that have been produced, nor any school yearbooks or newspapers mentioning the warplane. The school was opened before the war ended, and there is no official record anywhere attaching the "Day's Pay" B-17 warplane to the high school during the early years of the high school. Into the 1950s and 1960s and through the 1980s, lettermen and "Pep Squad" logos awarded were in the distinct shape of a bomb and were colored green with gold lettering or numbers."
In later years, the nuclear cloud and phrase "Nuke 'Em," among others, became the unofficial mascots for the school. The official mascot is still a B-17 bomber called "A Day's Pay." In 1988, amidst visits by Tom Brokaw (NBC Nightly News) and Japanese delegates, a vote was taken by the students making the Bomb (with the Mushroom Cloud logo) the official mascot of Richland High School.
Timeline of the Mascot of Richland High School (Columbia High School)<BR>
1910 to 1922 - NO MASCOT<BR>
1922 to 1937 - RHS Colts<BR>
1938 to 1944 - RHS Broncs<BR>
-[ July, 1944 - B-17, "Day's Pay", delivered to USAAF—purchased by construction workers at Hanford Construction Camp]<BR>
1944 - Fall - from Broncs to Beavers (44-45 school year)<BR>
-08/06/45 - First A-Bomb (Little Boy) dropped on Hiroshima by B-29 Enola Gay.<BR>
-08/09/45 - Hanford-plutonium A-Bomb (Fat Man) dropped on Nagasaki by B-29 Bock's Car<BR>
-08/14/45 - WWII ended<BR>
10/12/45 - from Beavers to Bombers (45-46 school year)<BR>
12/15/10 - Bomb Mascot adopted (10-11 school year) this is not true, the ' bomb' was used as mascot well before the 2010 school year. Alumni from the early 60's have Letterman jackets, sweaters, and other school memorabilia adorned with a bomb. The tile mosaic of a bomb that was originally in the mixing area area was there for at least two decades prior to the class of 2011. Alumni from the 1970's and early 1980's report sophomores (the school was only grades 10-12 at that time) were strongly discouraged (putting it mildly) from walking on the bomb inlaid in the mixing area floor.<BR>
The 1945-1946 Year book was adorned with Atomic symbols in reference to the contribution made in producing plutonium.
First visible Mascot [http://AlumniSandstorm.com/Mascot/1947-1stMascot.htm] was a Bomb.
The mushroom cloud was adopted in the 1970s.
The history of the school, its nicknames, mascots and associations with the Hanford Works Project and the "Day's Pay" B-17 are well documented, with verifiable sources and references, and chronology in "The Bomber, The Bomb and the Bombers" by Keith Maupin.

</doc>
<doc id="2864056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864056" title="Manufacturing in Japan">
Manufacturing in Japan

Japan's major export industries include automobiles, consumer electronics (see Electronics industry in Japan), computers, semiconductors, copper, iron and steel.
Additional key industries in Japan's economy are petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, bioindustry, shipbuilding, aerospace, textiles, and processed foods.
Japanese manufacturing industry is heavily dependent on imported raw materials and fuels.
Ship building.
Japan dominated world in the late 1980s, filling more than half of all orders worldwide. Its closest competitors were South Korea and Spain, with 9 percent and 5.2 percent of the market, respectively.
The Japanese shipbuilding industry was hit by a lengthy recession from the late 1970s through most of the 1980s, which resulted in a drastic cutback in the use of facilities and in the work force, but there was a sharp revival in 1989. The industry was helped by a sudden rise in demand from other countries that needed to replace their aging fleets and from a sudden decline in the South Korean shipping industry. In 1988, Japanese shipbuilding firms received orders for 4.8 million gross tons of ships, but this figure grew to 7.1 million gross tons in 1989.
Although facing competition from South Korea and China, Japan retains a successful, advanced shipbuilding manufacturing industry.
Japan lost its leading position in the industry to South Korea in 2004, and its market share has since fallen sharply. The entire European countries' total market share has fallen to only a tenth of South Korea's, and the outputs of the United States and other countries have become negligible. Military shipbuilding remains dominated by U.S. and European companies, however.
Aerospace.
The aerospace industry received a major boost in 1969 with the establishment of the National Space Development Agency (now Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency), which was charged with the development of satellites and launch vehicles.
The Japanese military industry, although a small share of GDP, is a major sector of the economy. It is technologically advanced and is very successful, and has produced such aircraft as the new Mitsubishi fighter planned to be launched.
See: Defense industry of Japan.
Petrochemicals.
The petrochemical industry experienced moderate growth in the late 1980s because of steady economic expansion. The highest growth came in the production of plastics, polystyrene, and polypropylene. Prices for petrochemicals remained high because of increased demand in the newly developing economies of Asia.
By 1990, the construction of factory complexes to make ethylene-based products in the South Korea and Thailand was expected to increase supplies and reduce prices. In the long term, the Japanese petrochemical industry is likely to face intensifying competition as a result of the integration of domestic and international markets and the efforts made by other Asian countries to catch up with Japan.
Biotechnology and pharmaceutics.
The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries experienced strong growth in the late 1980s. Pharmaceutical production grew an estimated 8 percent in 1989 because of increased expenditures by Japan's rapidly aging population. Leading producers actively developed new drugs, such as those for degenerative and geriatric diseases. Pharmaceutical companies were establishing tripolar networks connecting Japan, the United States, and Western Europe to co-ordinate product development. They also increased merger and acquisition activity overseas. Biotechnology research and development was progressing steadily, including the launching of marine biotechnology projects, with full-scale commercialization expected to take place in the 1990s.
Biotechnology research covered a wide variety of fields: agriculture, animal husbandry, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, food processing, and fermentation. Human hormones and proteins for pharmaceutical products were sought through genetic recombination using bacteria.
Biotechnology also is used to enhance bacterial enzyme properties to further improve amino-acid fermentation technology, a field in which Japan is the world leader. The government cautions Japanese producers, however, against overoptimism regarding biotechnology and bioindustry. The research race both in Japan and abroad intensified in the 1980s, leading to patent disputes and forcing some companies to abandon research. Also, researchers began to realize that such drug development continually showed new complexities, requiring more technical breakthroughs than first imagined. Yet, despite these problems, research and development was still expected to be successful and to end in product commercialization in the mid-term.
In 2006, the Japanese pharmaceutical market was the second largest individual market in the world. With sales of $60 billion it constitutes approximately 11 percent of the world market.
The Japanese Pharmaceutical Industry and Laws are very particular. They are ruled by The Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare which was established by a merger of the Ministry of Health and Welfare and the Ministry of Labor, on January 6, 2001 as part of the Japanese government program for re-organizing government ministries.
Motor vehicles and machinery.
Japanese global motor vehicle companies are
and Denso is world largest company in automotive components manufacturer.
In addition Honda, Suzuki, Yamaha and Kawasaki are global motorcycle companies.
The motor vehicle industry is one of the most successful industries in Japan, with large world shares in automobile, electrical machineries, parts, tire and engine manufacturing.
Japan is home to six of the top ten largest vehicle manufacturers in the world. For example it is home to multinational companies such as Toyota, Honda, Nissan, Suzuki and Mazda. Some of these companies cross-over to different sectors such as electronics to produce electronic equipment as some of them being a part of keiretsu. Japan's automobiles are generally known for their quality, durability, fuel efficiency and more features for a relatively lower price than their competitors.
Japanese automakers Mitsubishi and Toyota, have had their patents violated by a number of Myanmar car companies, such as UD Group (Mandalay), Kyar Koe Kaung (Yangon). These companies produced Mitsubishi and Toyota products including Mitsubishi Pajero, Toyota TownAce pickup trucks and other various types of Japanese cars under their own marques (e.g., Khit Tayar Pajero, Shwe Surf, UD Light Truck and KKK Light Truck) without license.
Exports and the Japanese market.
In 1991, Japan produced 9.7 million automobiles, making it the largest producer in the world; the United States in that year produced 5.4 million. Just under 46 percent of the Japanese output was exported. Automobiles, other motor vehicles, and automotive parts were the largest class of Japanese exports throughout the 1980s. In 1991 they accounted for 17.8 percent of all Japanese exports, a meteoric rise from only 1.9 percent in 1960 with kaya being one of the largest exporters.
Fear of protectionism in the United States led to major direct foreign investment in the U.S. by Japanese automobile manufacturers. By the end of the 1980s, all the major Japanese producers had automotive assembly lines operating in the United States: Isuzu has a joint plant with Subaru; one of Toyota's plants is in Alabama. Following the major assembly firms, Japanese producers of automobile parts also began investing in the United States in the late 1980s, most Japanese auto parts are nevertheless made in Japan.
Automobiles were a major area of contention for the Japan-United States relationship during the 1980s. When the price of oil rose in the 1979 energy crisis, demand for small automobiles increased, which worked to the advantage of Japan's exports to the United States market. As the Japanese share of the market increased, to 21.8 percent in 1981, pressures rose to restrict imports from Japan. The result of these pressures was a series of negotiations in early 1981, which produced a voluntary export agreement limiting Japan's shipments to the United States to 1.68 million units (excluding certain kinds of specialty vehicles and trucks). This agreement remained in effect for the rest of the decade, but Japanese competition only increased with new plants being built and
with the export agreement being voluntary.
Similar voluntary restraints on Japanese exports were imposed by Canada and several West European countries. Nonetheless, Japanese car competition only increased due to new plants being built and with the export agreements being voluntary. Since then, tensions have greatly decreased. Canada and Western Europe, like the U.S., repealed restrictions on Japanese auto imports. Nissan has an assembly plant in Sunderland in England.
Imports.
Foreign penetration of the automotive market in Japan has been less successful partly because of the population density and limited space of the country. Imports of foreign automobiles were very low during the forty years prior to 1985, never exceeding 60,000 units annually, or 1 percent of the domestic market. Trade and investment barriers restricted imported automobiles to an insignificant share of the market in the 1950s, and as barriers were finally lowered, strong control over the distribution networks made penetration difficult. The major United States automobile manufacturers acquired minority interests in some Japanese firms when investment restrictions were relaxed, Ford obtaining a 25 percent interest in Toyo Kogyo (Mazda), General Motors a 34 percent interest in Isuzu, and Chrysler a 15 percent interest in Mitsubishi Motors. This ownership did not provide a means for United States automobiles to penetrate the Japanese market, and the American car companies eventually got rid of their shares of the Japanese carmakers.
After the strong appreciation of the yen in 1985, however, Japanese demand for foreign automobiles increased, but with most cars being from Germany. In 1988, automobile imports totaled 150,629 units, of which 127,309 were European, mostly West German. Only 21,124 units were imported from the United States at that time.
Electronics.
Many of the world's major electronics companies are based in Japan, including:
Japan has 7 out of top 20 world's largest chip manufacturers as of 2005. Japan's electronic products are known for their quality, durability, and technological sophistication. Some of these companies cross over to automobile and finance sectors as part of a keiretsu.
Japan's computer industry developed with extraordinary speed and moved into international markets. Japanese computer technologies are some of the most advanced in the world.
The leading computer main frame manufacturers in Japan at the end of the 1980s (in the domestic market) were:
Leading personal computer manufacturers were:
In 1988, Japan exported US $1.5 billion of computer equipment, up more than twelvefold from the US$122 million in 1980. Japanese firms were not very successful in exporting mainframe computers, but they did very well in peripheral equipment, such as printers and tape drives. In the rapidly growing personal computer market, Japan achieved a major market share in the United States during the 1980s. Imports of computer equipment in 1988 came to US$3.2 billion (including parts).
Economic developments, namely outsourcing and globalization made these disputes obsolete by the 1990s. Japanese and U.S. influence in the computer market dwindled, with Taiwanese and mainland Chinese companies taking over component production and later research and development.
Food.
The production value of the food industry ranked third among manufacturing industries after electric and transport machinery. Japan produces a great variety of products, ranging from traditional Japanese items, such as soybean paste (miso) and soy sauce, to beer and meat.
The industry as a whole experienced mild growth in the 1980s, primarily from the development of such new products as "dry beer" and precooked food, which was increasingly used because of the tendency of family members to dine separately, the trend toward smaller families, and convenience.
A common feature of all sectors of the food industry was their internationalization. As domestic raw materials lost their price competitiveness following the liberalization of imports, food makers more often produced foodstuffs overseas, promoted tie-ups with overseas firms, and purchased overseas firms.
In 2004, the Japanese food industry was worth $600 billion whilst food processing was worth $209 billion. This is comparable to the food industries of the United States and the EU.

</doc>
<doc id="2864058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864058" title="Falak Sher (Pakistan)">
Falak Sher (Pakistan)

Falak Sher (also known as Falak Sar) is a mountain in Ushu Valley of Swat-Kohistan. At , it is considered the highest peak of the Swat district in the Hindu Kush mountains. 
This mountain was climbed for the first time by W.K.A Berry and C.H. Tyndale-Biscoe of New Zealand in 1957 from its North ridge. The second ascent was made by Dr. Wolf Gang Stephen who also climbed Distaghil Sar and Malika Parbat.. Carlo Pinelli attempted another peak in the Hindu Raj which is the only 6000 of this part of Hindu Kush. They named it Maingol Sar.

</doc>
<doc id="2864059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864059" title="Coast horned lizard">
Coast horned lizard

The coast horned lizard (Phrynosoma coronatum) is a species of phrynosomatid lizard which can be found from Baja California north to California's Sacramento Valley. It is a widely divergent species with over 6 subspecies in their relatively small range. As a defense the lizard can shoot high pressure streams of blood out of its eyes if threatened.
Description.
The coast horned lizard appears rough and spiky but is actually smooth-skinned, although it has sharp spikes along its sides, back and head. It is a large species, and can reach 10 cm (4 inches) excluding the tail. It is less rounded than other horned lizards. It has two large dark blotches behind its head, followed by three broad bands on its body, with several smaller bands along the tail. Its colour can be various shades of brown, with cream 'accents' around the blotches and the outer fringe of its scales.

</doc>
<doc id="2864060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864060" title="Plain old data structure">
Plain old data structure

In object-oriented programming, plain old data structure (PODS), or plain old data (POD) is a term for a record, to contrast with objects. That is, a PODS is a data structure that is represented only as passive collections of field values (instance variables), without using object-oriented features.
Plain old data structures are appropriate when there is a part of a system where it should be clearly indicated that the detailed logic for data manipulation and integrity are elsewhere. PODSs are often found at the boundaries of a system, where information is being moved to and from other systems or persistent storage and the problem domain logic that is found in other parts of the system is not relevant. For example, PODS would be convenient for representing the field values of objects that are being constructed from external data, in a part of the system where the semantic checks and interpretations needed for valid objects have not yet been applied.
A PODS type in C++ is defined as either a scalar type or a PODS class. A PODS class has no user-defined copy assignment operator, no user-defined destructor, and no non-static data members that are not themselves PODS. Moreover, a PODS class must be an aggregate, meaning it has no user-declared constructors, no private nor protected non-static data, no base classes and no virtual functions. The standard includes statements about how PODS must behave in C++. The type_traits library in the STL, provides a function known as is_pod that can be used to determine whether a given type is a POD.
In certain contexts, C++ allows only PODS types to be used. For example, a union in C++98 cannot contain a class that has virtual functions or nontrivial constructors or destructors. This restriction is imposed because the compiler cannot determine which constructor or destructor should be called for a union. PODS types can also be used for interfacing with C, which supports only PODS.
In Java, some developers consider that the PODS concept corresponds to a class with public data members and no methods (Java Code Conventions 10.1),i.e., a data transfer object. Others would also include POJOs (a class that has methods but only getters and setters, with no logic) and Java Beans to fall under the PODS concept if they do not use event handling and do not implement additional methods beyond getters and setters. However, POJOs and Java Beans do have encapsulation and so violate the fundamental definition of PODS.
Other structured data representations such as XML or JSON can also be used as a PODS if no significant semantic restrictions are used.

</doc>
<doc id="2864061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864061" title="After the Night and the Music">
After the Night and the Music

After the Night and the Music is a play by Elaine May.
Borrowing its title from the Howard Dietz song "You and the Night and the Music,", it actually is a one-acter preceded by a curtain raiser, a quartet of interlaced monologues, and an intermission.
The aptly titled "Curtain Raiser" is set in the bar of a dance hall where a grim woman and overweight former dance instructor connect, much to the surprise of both, when she attempts to rebuff his advances by telling him she can only lead and he teaches her how to lead better than she ever has before.
"Giving Up Smoking" introduces us to Joanne, a lonely, middle-aged woman waiting to hear from Mel, that evening's date; Joanne's best friend Sherman, a lonely, middle-aged gay man waiting to hear from potential new boyfriend Gavin; guitar-strumming Mel, whose policy is to dump a woman before she becomes emotionally demanding; and Sherman's cancer-ridden but brightly optimistic mother Kathleen. The four discuss hopes and dreams and reminisce about happier days in monologues each delivers from a separate area of the stage.
In "Swing Time", Mitzi and her husband Darryl are preparing for the imminent arrival of old friends Gail and Ron. What kind of evening lies ahead is revealed when high-strung Mitzi bemoans the fact her bra and panties don't match. The two couples are slowly easing themselves into the intended purpose of the evening when the phone rings and Mitzi refers to "the private line." Her friends' indignation at not being given the number and Mitzi's increasingly complicated reasons why they weren't disrupt everything in May's typically comic fashion.
After 39 previews, the Manhattan Theatre Club production, directed by Daniel Sullivan and choreographed by Randy Skinner, opened on June 1, 2005 at the Biltmore Theatre where, hampered by mostly lukewarm reviews, it ran for only 38 performances. The cast included Jeannie Berlin, Jere Burns, Brian Kerwin, J. Smith-Cameron, Joanna Glushak, Eddie Korbich, and Deirdre Madigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864065" title="Bonče">
Bonče

Bonče (Бонче) is a village in the Prilep municipality, in the Republic of Macedonia.
In September 2007 archeological excavations revealed a tomb of what is believed to be the burial site of a Macedonian king dating 4th century BC.

</doc>
<doc id="2864075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864075" title="Mount Gilbert (Antarctica)">
Mount Gilbert (Antarctica)

Mount Gilbert () is a mountain, high, on the divide between Airy Glacier and Seller Glacier, northwest of Mount Castro, in the west-central Antarctic Peninsula.
It was photographed from the air by the British Graham Land Expedition in February 1937, and the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in November 1947. It was surveyed from the ground by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in December 1958, and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for William Gilbert, an English physician whose pioneer work "De magnete, magneticisque corporibus" (1600) laid the foundations for an understanding of earth magnetism and the variation of the compass.

</doc>
<doc id="2864083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864083" title="Ake v. Oklahoma">
Ake v. Oklahoma

Ake v. Oklahoma, , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that an indigent criminal defendant had a right to have the state provide a psychiatric evaluation to be used in the defendant's behalf if he needed it.
Background.
Glen Burton Ake was arrested and charged with murdering a couple and wounding their two children in 1979. At his arraignment, his bizarre behavior prompted the judge to order a psychiatric competency evaluation. This resulted in a report by the examining psychiatrist that Ake was delusional, and specifically that Ake "claims to be the 'sword of vengeance' of the Lord and that he will sit at the left hand of God in heaven." Ake was diagnosed as a probable paranoid schizophrenic, and a prolonged psychiatric evaluation was recommended to determine whether Ake was competent to stand trial. 
Ake was then confined to a state hospital for several months, before he came to trial. Ake's attorney requested that the court appoint a psychiatrist to perform an evaluation specifically for the purpose of helping to adequately prepare and present an insanity defense. The court denied the request, holding that Ake had no right to such assistance. Ake was then tried and convicted of two counts of murder, and sentenced to death.
Opinion of the Court.
The Court, in an opinion by Justice Marshall, framed the question as one of "eaningful access to justice", weighing the individual interest in the accuracy of a criminal proceeding against the burden imposed on the state, in light of "the probable value of the psychiatric assistance sought, and the risk of error in the proceeding if such assistance is not offered".
The Court found that both the individual and the state had a strong interest, but that "the State's interest in prevailing at trial - unlike that of a private litigant - is necessarily tempered by its interest in the fair and accurate adjudication of criminal cases." Requiring the state to make one psychiatrist available to indigent defendants was not an excessive financial burden, and the state could not assert the desire to press a strategic advantage at trial.
Chief Justice Burger wrote a brief concurring opinion, writing for himself that "Nothing in the Court's opinion reaches noncapital cases." Before the opinions were finalized, Burger had tried to persuade Marshall to limit his opinion to capital cases, but failed.

</doc>
<doc id="2864086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864086" title="Mehri language">
Mehri language

Mehri or Mahri is a member of the Modern South Arabian languages, a subgroup of the Semitic branch of the Afroasiatic family. It is spoken by the Mehri people, who inhabit isolated areas of the eastern part of Yemen and western Oman, particularly the Al Mahrah Governorate.
Mehri and its sister Modern South Arabian languages were spoken in the southern Arabian Peninsula before the spread of Arabic along with Islam in the 7th century CE. It is today also spoken by Mehri residents in Qatar, Somalia and the United Arab Emirates, as well as in Kuwait by guest workers originally from South Arabia.
Given the dominance of Arabic in the region over the past 1400 years and the frequent bilingualism with Arabic among Mehri speakers, Mehri is at some risk of extinction. It is primarily a spoken language, with little existing vernacular literature and almost no literacy in the written form among native speakers.
Phonology.
Unlike other South Arabian languages, in Mehri the 'emphatic' consonants are not simply ejectives, but may also be pharyngealized as in Arabic. It is possible therefore that Mehri attests to a transition from proto-Semitic ejective consonants to the pharyngealized emphatics found in many of the Semitic languages.
The consonant inventory is as follows:
Voiced obstruents, or at least voiced stops, devoice in pausa. In this position, both the voiced and emphatic stops are ejective, losing the three-way contrast ( is ejective in all positions). Elsewhere, the emphatic and (optionally) the voiced stops are pharyngealized. Emphatic (but not voiced) fricatives have a similar pattern, and in non-pre-pausal position they are partially voiced.
The difference in place of the laterals is not clear. It may be that the approximant is denti-alveolar, like the alveolar occlusives, and the lateral fricatives apical, or it may be that the latter are palato-alveolar / alveolo-palatal. These fricatives are typically transcribed "ś" etc.
References.
Rubin, Aaron. 2010. "The Mehri Language of Oman". Leiden: Brill.

</doc>
<doc id="2864089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864089" title="Zwaardvis-class submarine">
Zwaardvis-class submarine

The "Zwaardvis" class submarine (Dutch: "Orca") is a conventional attack submarine that replaced the "Dolfijn" class in the Royal Netherlands Navy. "Zwaardvis" is based on the U.S. Navy "Barbel" class with the teardrop hull design. In September 1981 the Republic of China (Taiwan) ordered two modified "Zwaardvis" class submarines, the "Chien Lung/Hai Lung" class. In 1992 a repeat order for another 4 boats was turned down by the Netherlands Government because of pressure from the People's Republic of China. The two Dutch boats have been replaced by the "Walrus" class.
The two decommissioned Dutch boats, "HNLMS Zwaardvis (S806)" and "HNLMS Tijgerhaai", were loaded onto a ship and transported to PSC-Naval Dockyard, Lumut, Malaysia in anticipation of purchase by the Malaysian Navy in 1997. However, the Malaysian Navy declined the offer and chose the French "Scorpène" class instead. The two boats are still in Lumut awaiting a buyer and possible refurbishment.
Boats.
The Dutch boats were built by the Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij and the Taiwanese by "Wilton Fijenoord".

</doc>
<doc id="2864091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864091" title="119 (emergency telephone number)">
119 (emergency telephone number)

119 is the emergency telephone number in parts of Asia and in Jamaica.
119 in South Korea.
119 is a direct-dial emergency number for firefighter and ambulance services operated by the National Emergency Management Agency. The caller's location is automatically traced once the call is connected, and operators who can speak English, Japanese, Chinese, and Korean should be available. 1339 is a separate number reserved for non-emergency medical information calls. An emergency pager service called "U119" also exists for registered people such as the elderly or cancer patients. 112 is the dedicated emergency number for the police in South Korea, with other numbers dedicated for other situations, such as discovery of missing persons.
119 in Japan.
119 in Japan is a direct-dial free emergency number that connects the caller to fire and emergency medical services. On certain older pay phones, the number can be dialed by pushing a special button on the phone that will automatically connect the caller with the 119 dispatch center. Although the dispatchers still record the address of the emergency call manually, most systems are now set up to automatically log the location of the call as well (for cases of emergency calls where the caller is not proficient in Japanese or where the caller is distraught or otherwise unable to respond coherently). Unlike many emergency number services, the 119 system in Japan only services fire or ambulance services. Police are called using a separate emergency number, 110. Operators proficient in English and other foreign languages are available in Tokyo.
119 in France.
119 in France is a free emergency number for beaten children.
119 in Mainland China.
119 is recognized in China as the standard emergency telephone number for firefighters. As in Japan, the number for police is 110.
119 in Taiwan.
119 is also recognized in Taiwan as the emergency telephone number for firefighters and ambulance services. As in Japan, the number for police is 110.
119 in Sri Lanka.
The 1-1-9 emergency response system was established during the time of the Sri Lankan Civil War. It was established for the aid in battling terrorism by the means of helping civilians in the conflict and also as a supportive tool in locating and preventing attacks by terrorists. But now 119 became the standard emergency number for calling Police. When a caller dials 119 the request come to Police Emergency Division in Colombo and will be diverted to caller's area Police station depending on the situation. Though mainly used to contact Police, 119 calls can be placed to summon Fire Brigade as well whereas the call will be again diverted. The number is accessible from any part of the island and all phone operators support this.
119 in Maldives.
The 1-1-9 in Maldives is a direct-dial free emergency number that connects the caller to the national police (Maldives Police Service).

</doc>
<doc id="2864094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864094" title="E45">
E45

E45 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864100" title="Operation Source">
Operation Source

Operation "Source" was a series of attacks to neutralise the heavy German warships – "Tirpitz", "Scharnhorst" and "Lützow" – based in northern Norway, using X-class midget submarines.
The attacks took place in September 1943 and succeeded in keeping "Tirpitz" out of action for at least six months.
The attack was masterminded and directed from "HMS "Varbel"", located in Port Bannatyne on the Isle of Bute. "Varbel" (named after Commanders Varley and Bell, designers of the X-Craft prototype) was the on-shore headquarters for the 12th Submarine Flotilla (midget submarines). It had been a luxury 88-room hotel (the Kyles Hydropathic Hotel) requisitioned by the Admiralty to serve as the Flotilla’s headquarters. All X-craft training, and preparation for X-craft attacks (including that on "Tirpitz"), was co-ordinated from "Varbel".
The operation was later portrayed in the 1955 war film, "Above Us the Waves", featuring John Mills, which was based on both Operation Source, and the earlier Chariot human torpedo attacks on "Tirpitz".
The operational commander was an Australian serving in the Royal Navy, Lieutenant Henty Henty-Creer, who had earlier worked as a cinematographer on successful feature films including "49th Parallel" (1941).
Intelligence contributing to the attack on "Tirpitz" was collected and sent to the RN by the Norwegian resistance, especially brothers Torbjørn Johansen and Einar Johansen.
The attack.
Six X-craft were used. HMS "X5", "X6" and "X7" were allocated the battleship "Tirpitz", in Kåfjord. HMS "X9" and "X10" were to attack the battleship "Scharnhorst", also in Kåfjord. HMS "X8" was to attack the aged pocket battleship "Lützow" in Langfjord.
The craft were towed to the area by conventional submarines (HMS "Truculent" ("X6") "Syrtis" ("X9"), "Sea Nymph" ("X8"), "Thrasher" ("X5"), "Stubborn" ("X7"), and "Sceptre" ("X10")) and manned by passage crews on the way. Close to the target, the operation crews would take over. "X9", probably trimmed heavily by the bow in the heavy sea for the tow, was lost with all hands on the passage when her tow parted and she suffered an abrupt plunge due to her bow-down trim. "X8" (passage crew commanded by Lt. Jack Smart) developed serious leaks in her side-mounted demolition charges, which had to be jettisoned; these exploded, leaving her so damaged she had to be scuttled. The remaining X-craft began their run in on 20 September and the attacks took place on 22 September 1943.
"Scharnhorst" was engaged in exercises at the time, and hence was not at her normal mooring, "X10"'s attack was abandoned, although this was due to mechanical and navigation problems, and the submarine returned to rendezvous with her 'tug' submarine and was taken back to Scotland.
"X5", Henty-Creer's flag vessel, disappeared with her crew during "Source". She is believed to have been sunk by a direct hit from one of "Tirpitz"'s four-inch guns before the crew had a chance to place her charges. In 2004, a saddle charge identical to those used by the X-class was found on the bottom of Kåfjord, a short distance from the site of the attack. Although it has not been positively identified, it is believed to be from the "X5". In June 2011 this device was detonated by the Royal Norwegian Navy.
"X6" and "X7" managed to drop their charges underneath "Tirpitz", but were unable to make good their escape as they were observed and attacked. Both craft were abandoned and six crew survived to be captured. "Tirpitz" was heavily damaged. While not in danger of sinking, she took on over 1,400 tons of water and suffered significant mechanical damage, including shock to the roller bearings in "D" turret aft. "Tirpitz" could not leave her anchorage until April 1944. For this action, the commanders of the craft, Lieutenant Donald Cameron ("X6") and Lieutenant Basil Place ("X7"), were awarded the Victoria Cross, whilst Robert Aitken, Richard Haddon Kendall, and John Thornton Lorimer received the Distinguished Service Order and Edmund Goddard the Conspicuous Gallantry Medal. The commander of the "X8", John Elliott Smart was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).

</doc>
<doc id="2864103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864103" title="A Naked Girl on the Appian Way">
A Naked Girl on the Appian Way

A Naked Girl on the Appian Way is a play by Richard Greenberg, initially produced by South Coast Repertory, Costa Mesa, California in 2005. 
Production history.
It was commissioned by South Coast Repertory and premiered there from April 1, 2005 through May 15. 
"A Naked Girl on the Appian Way" opened on Broadway in a Roundabout Theatre production at the American Airlines Theatre on October 6, 2005 and ran through December 4, 2005. Directed by Doug Hughes, it starred Jill Clayburgh, Richard Thomas, and Matthew Morrison.
Plot.
Cookbook author Bess Lapin and her husband Jeffrey live in the Hamptons with their 3 adopted children. Jeffrey, newly retired is also writing a book about the connection between business and art. Two of the children return from a Europen trip and the family gathers for a reunion. Neighbors Elaine and her mother-in-law Sadie crash the welcome-home party. The returned children announce that they plan on getting married. 
Dramatic analysis.
SCR Production dramaturg Jerry Patch notes: "Bess’ cookbooks and other best-selling volumes on food convey her belief in and sense of gracious living. Jeffrey, an admired and successful businessman, wants to marry left brain to right brain in a book that will join business and the arts, and bring about creative and compassionate commerce." 

</doc>
<doc id="2864104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864104" title="Eccles, Kent">
Eccles, Kent

Eccles is a village in the English county of Kent, part of the parish of Aylesford and in the valley of the River Medway.
Archaeology.
It is the site of a Roman villa estate and pottery kiln, excavated between 1962 and 1976. It replaced an Iron Age settlement , and was occupied until the end of Roman rule. The name "Eccles" comes from the Latin word "ecclesia" meaning church, suggestions that a post-Roman Christian community existed in the village beyond the Roman withdrawal and into the Saxon period are conjecture. The name likely comes from its proximity to the Carmelite Monastery in Aylesford. The area was merely known as 'Bull Lane' until the mid-19th century. Also, a cemetery was found with six skeletons all of whom showed injuries caused by weapons. Three had single long sword cuts to the left side of the skull. The other three had multiple injuries - one had been hit three times on the left side of the skull, another had been hit in the spine by a projectile, either an arrow or a javelin, which probably disabled him and a single sword cut to the head. (information from British Archaeology, Sept 1999)
Amenities.
There is now just one pub in Eccles, The Red Bull. The Walnut Tree was sold and demolished following the failure of Enterprise Inns to find a licensee, this site has now been developed into private houses.
There is a corner shop-cum-post office, a church and church hall (used by the village pre-school), a school, a doctors' surgery and a large park ('The Rec') with a skate park and children facilities. There is also a drop in centre for pensioners in Cork Street. There is also a public field used by Eccles Football Club since the 19th Century.
A library bus visits every Tuesday afternoon.
Eccles has four bus stops (two in each direction) and the bus numbers are 155 and 158.
Location.
Eccles in just 1.5miles from the M20, and 3miles from the M2 Motorways.
Eccles sits between Aylesford Village (1 mile away) and the nearby village of Burham (1 mile away).

</doc>
<doc id="2864112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864112" title="Ray Bumatai">
Ray Bumatai

Ray Bumatai, byname of Raimund Bumatai (December 20, 1952 – October 6, 2005) was an American musician, singer, recording artist, and actor who worked in comedy and live entertainment in Waikiki and in live-action production and animation in Hollywood.
Bumatai was born in Offenbach am Main, Germany, the older brother of stand-up comedian Andy Bumatai. He had been active in motion pictures and television since the late 1980s. A supporting actor in many television series filmed in Hawaii, Bumatai often played a local character. In Sherwood Hu's Hawaiian Ghost thriller "Lani Loa" (1998) he played the character Hawaiian Kenny. Among his more recent work, Bumatai read the part of Tito Makani Jr. on Klasky Csupo's "Rocket Power" cartoon series.
Bumatai died at Honolulu in 2005, after having been treated for brain cancer at various times during the last years of his life. In addition to his wife, Karen "Bree" Bumatai (formerly Karen Brilliande) Ray Bumatai is survived by his daughter Cecilly Ann Bumatai (from another marriage), parents Elsie and Bobby, and siblings Andy, Ramona, Ben, Gabe and Heidi. His last role was the voice of Little Jim in the Scooby-Doo movie "Aloha, Scooby-Doo!".

</doc>
<doc id="2864137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864137" title="Makruh">
Makruh

In Islamic terminology, something which is makruh (Arabic: مكروه, transliterated: makrooh or "makrūh") is a disliked or offensive act (literally "detestable"). Though it is not "haram" (sinful), a person who abstains from this act will be rewarded. Muslims are encouraged to avoid such actions when possible. This is one of the degrees of approval ("ahkam") in Islamic law.
An example of something "Makruh" is the use of a great amount of water for the small and large ablutions, the ritual washings known as the "wudu" and "ghusl".
An example of a food which is considered "Makruh" for Muslims of the Hanafi Madh'hab is prawns (but only for Hanafi Madh'hab Muslim) There are, however, shared attitudes within the Hanafi school of whether shrimp are considered water game and are thereby halal. Hanafis believe that you should refrain from it and eat something else if possible. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864142" title="RAF Luqa">
RAF Luqa

Royal Air Force Luqa was a flying station and location of RAF Mediterranean Command headquarters of the Royal Air Force on the island of Malta during World War II. Particularly during the Siege of Malta from 1941 to 1943, RAF Luqa was a very important base for British Commonwealth forces fighting against Italy and Germany for naval control of the Mediterranean and for ground control of North Africa. Air combat over and near Malta was some of the most ferocious of the war, and a series of airfields were built on the small, rocky island: at Luqa, Ta'Qali, and Hal Far, plus satellite fields at Safi, Qrendi and on Malta's second island of Gozo.
After the war, Luqa remained an important RAF base, serving during the Suez Crisis of 1956, but also served as Malta's main civilian airport. Nowadays, the location has been developed into the main entry point of the modern, independent country of Malta, under the name Malta International Airport. It is sometimes still referred to as "Luqa Airport" or "Valletta Airport".
The RAF left in 1979 following a British government decision not to renew the lease on the station from the Maltese. The payments demanded were several times the previous payments under the previous lease. It is also possible that the Avro Vulcan crash over the village of Żabbar led to the Maltese decision to effectively get the RAF to leave by raising the proposed lease payments to what was known to be a level unacceptable to the British.

</doc>
<doc id="2864163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864163" title="Steve Hanley">
Steve Hanley

Steve Hanley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864167" title="Latinologues">
Latinologues

Latinologues is a play written by Rick Najera and directed by Cheech Marin. It is structured as a series of monologues that highlights stereotypes about. The long running play has performed throughout the US, including Los Angeles,
San Diego, Denver, Miami and Chicago. Its cast has included Esai Morales, María Conchita Alonso, Fernando Carrillo, Jacob Vargas, and soap actress Cynthia Klitbo.
It opened on Broadway at the Helen Hayes Theatre on October 23, 2005.
The opening night cast consisted of Eugenio Derbez, Rene Lavan, Rick Najera and Shirley A. Rumierk. Lighting design by Kevin Adams, assisted by Aaron Sporer. Costume Design by Santiago, assisted by Jonathan Solari. The Stage Manager was Arabella Powell.
Latinologues closed on Broadway on December 31, 2005 after 93 performances and 34 previews.

</doc>
<doc id="2864170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864170" title="Truncated trihexagonal tiling">
Truncated trihexagonal tiling

In geometry, the truncated trihexagonal tiling is one of eight semiregular tilings of the Euclidean plane. There are one square, one hexagon, and one dodecagon on each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of "tr"{3,6}.
Uniform colorings.
There is only one uniform coloring of a truncated trihexagonal tiling, with faces colored by polygon sides.
A 2-uniform coloring allows for alternately colored hexagons.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
There are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling). Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
This tiling can be considered a member of a sequence of uniform patterns with vertex figure (4.6.2p) and Coxeter-Dynkin diagram . For "p" < 6, the members of the sequence are omnitruncated polyhedra (zonohedra), shown below as spherical tilings. For "p" > 6, they are tilings of the hyperbolic plane, starting with the truncated triheptagonal tiling.
Circle packing.
The Truncated trihexagonal tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 3 other circles in the packing (kissing number). Circles can be alternatedly colored in this packing with an even number of sides of all the regular polygons of this tiling.
The gap inside each hexagon allows for one circle, and each dodecagon allows for 7 circles, creating a dense 4-uniform packing. 
Kisrhombille tiling.
The kisrhombille tiling or 3-6 kisrhombille tiling is a tiling of the Euclidean plane. It is constructed by congruent 30-60 degree right triangles with 4, 6, and 12 triangles meeting at each vertex. 
Construction from rhombille tiling.
Conway calls it a kisrhombille for his kis vertex bisector operation applied to the rhombille tiling. More specifically it can be called a 3-6 kisrhombille, to distinguish it from other similar hyperbolic tilings, like 3-7 kisrhombille.
It can be seen as an equilateral hexagonal tiling with each hexagon divided into 12 triangles from the center point. (Alternately it can be seen as a bisected triangular tiling divided into 6 triangles, or as an infinite arrangement of lines in six parallel families.)
It is labeled V4.6.12 because each right triangle face has three types of vertices: one with 4 triangles, one with 6 triangles, and one with 12 triangles. 
It is the dual tessellation of the truncated trihexagonal tiling which has one square and one hexagon and one dodecagon at each vertex.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
It is topologically related to a polyhedra sequence defined by the face configuration "V4.6.2n". This group is special for having all even number of edges per vertex and form bisecting planes through the polyhedra and infinite lines in the plane, and continuing into the hyperbolic plane for any formula_1
With an even number of faces at every vertex, these polyhedra and tilings can be shown by alternating two colors so all adjacent faces have different colors.
Each face on these domains also corresponds to the fundamental domain of a symmetry group with order 2,3,n mirrors at each triangle face vertex.
Practical uses.
The "kisrhombille tiling" is a useful starting point for making paper models of deltahedra, as each of the equilateral triangles can serve as faces, the edges of which adjoin isosceles triangles that can serve as tabs for gluing the model together.

</doc>
<doc id="2864178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864178" title="Salomon v A Salomon &amp; Co Ltd">
Salomon v A Salomon &amp; Co Ltd

Salomon v A Salomon & Co Ltd AC 22 is a landmark UK company law case. The effect of the Lords' unanimous ruling was to uphold firmly the doctrine of corporate personality, as set out in the Companies Act 1862, so that creditors of an insolvent company could not sue the company's shareholders to pay up outstanding debts.
Facts.
Mr Aron Salomon made leather boots and shoes in a large Whitechapel High Street establishment. His sons wanted to become business partners, so he turned the business into a limited company. His wife and five eldest children became subscribers and two eldest sons also directors. Mr Salomon took 20,001 of the company's 20,007 shares. Transfer of the business took place on June 1, 1892. The company also gave Mr Salomon £10,000 in debentures (i.e., Salomon gave the company a £10,000 loan, secured by a charge over the assets of the company). 
Soon after Mr Salomon incorporated his business a decline in boot sales, exacerbated by a series of strikes which led the Government, Salomon's main customer, to split its contracts among more firms to avoid the risk of its few suppliers being crippled by strikes. Mr Salomon assigned Edmund Broderip his debenture, the loan with 10% interest and secured by a floating charge. But Salomon's business still failed, and he could not keep up with the interest payments. In October 1893 Mr Broderip sued to enforce his security. The company was put into liquidation. Broderip was repaid his £5,000, and then the debenture was reassigned to Salomon, who retained the floating charge over the company.
Judgment.
High Court.
At first instance, the case entitled "Broderip v Salomon" Vaughan Williams J said Mr Broderip's claim was valid. It was undisputed that the 200 shares were fully paid up. He said the company had a right of indemnity against Mr Salomon. He said the signatories of the memorandum were mere dummies, the company was just Mr Salomon in another form, an alias, his agent. Therefore it was entitled to indemnity from the principal. The liquidator amended the counter claim, and an award was made for indemnity.
Court of Appeal.
The Court of Appeal confirmed Vaughan Williams J's decision against Mr Salomon, though on the grounds that Mr. Salomon had abused the privileges of incorporation and limited liability, which Parliament had intended only to confer on "independent bona fide shareholders, who had a mind and will of their own and were not mere puppets". Lindley LJ (an expert on partnership law) held that the company was a trustee for Mr Salomon, and as such was bound to indemnify the company's debts.
Lopes LJ and Kay LJ variously described the company as a myth and a fiction and said that the incorporation of the business by Mr Salomon had been a mere scheme to enable him to carry on as before but with limited liability.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords unanimously overturned this decision, rejecting the arguments from agency and fraud. They held that there was nothing in the Act about whether the subscribers (i.e., the shareholders) should be independent of the majority shareholder. The company was duly constituted in law and it was not the function of judges to read into the statute limitations they themselves considered expedient. Lord Halsbury LC stated that the statute "enacts nothing as to the extent or degree of interest which may be held by each of the seven or as to the proportion of interest or influence possessed by one or the majority over the others." His judgement continued.
Lord Herschell noted the potentially "far reaching" implications of the Court of Appeal's logic and that in recent years many companies had been set up in which one or more of the seven shareholders were "disinterested persons" who did not wield any influence over the management of the company. Anyone dealing with such a company was aware of its nature as such, and could by consulting the register of shareholders become aware of the breakdown of share ownership among the shareholders.
Lord Macnaghten asked what was wrong with Mr. Salomon taking advantage of the provisions set out in the statute, as he was perfectly legitimately entitled to do. It was not the function of judges to read limitations into a statute on the basis of their own personal view that, if the laws of the land allowed such a thing, they were "in a most lamentable state", as Malins V-C had stated in an earlier case in point, In "Re Baglan Hall Colliery Co.", which had likewise been overturned by the House of Lords. The key parts of his judgement were as follows.
Significance.
In the decades since Salomon's case, various exceptional circumstances have been delineated, both by legislatures and the judiciary, in England and elsewhere (including Ireland) when courts can legitimately disregard a company's separate legal personality, such as where crime or fraud has been committed. Although Salomon's case is cited in court to this day, it has met with considerable criticism. For example, Otto Kahn-Freund called the decision "calamitous" in his article published at 7 MLR 54. In that article, the author also called for the abolition of private companies. There is therefore much debate as to whether the same decision would be reached if the same facts were considered in the modern legal environment, given the House of Lords' decisions in "Pepper v Hart" and "Re Spectrum Plus Ltd" and the Privy Council in "AG of Belize v Belize Telecom Ltd" that require a purposive approach to interpreting legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="2864182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864182" title="Mox">
Mox

MOX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864185" title="Jersey Boys">
Jersey Boys

Jersey Boys is a jukebox musical with music by Bob Gaudio, lyrics by Bob Crewe, and book by Marshall Brickman and Rick Elice. It is presented in a documentary-style format that dramatizes the formation, success and eventual break-up of the 1960s rock 'n roll group The Four Seasons. The musical is structured as four "seasons", each narrated by a different member of the band who gives his own perspective on its history and music. Songs include "Big Girls Don't Cry", "Sherry", "December 1963 (Oh, What A Night)", "My Eyes Adored You", "Stay", "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", "Working My Way Back to You" and "Rag Doll", among others. The title refers to the fact that the members of The Four Seasons are from New Jersey.
The musical opened on Broadway in 2005 and has since had two North American National Tours and productions in London's West End, Las Vegas, Chicago, Toronto, Melbourne and other Australian cities, Singapore, South Africa, The Netherlands and elsewhere. "Jersey Boys" won four 2006 Tony Awards including Best Musical, and the 2009 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical.
Development.
In the early 2000s, Bob Gaudio, an original The Four Seasons member, sought to make a musical from the discography of the band. They hired book writers Rick Elice and Marshall Brickman, and director Des McAnuff (at the suggestion of Michael David of Dodger Theatricals). Brickman suggested creating a show about the band's history, instead of repurposing their songs for an independent story the way ABBA did with "Mamma Mia!". Brickman was drawn to the project because: "It's a classic American story. It's rags to riches, and back to rags."
Little was known to the public about the group's history prior to the premiere of the musical, because the magazines of the era didn't write about them much. In their research, Brickman and Elice were surprised to find that the members had prison records, which might have prevented their music from being played if it had been publicized when they were active. According to Gaudio, "Back then, things were a little clean-cut, don't forget, so the idea of our story getting out was horrifying to us." Other bands of the time projected street-tough images, but The Four Seasons cleaned themselves up in order to be palatable for mainstream listeners.
Brickman and Elice also used material from interviews with surviving Four Seasons members Gaudio, Frankie Valli and Tommy DeVito. Brickman noted that each member had his own perspective on what happened during their tenure as a group. Of the three, they approached DeVito last, who told them, "Don't listen to those guys. I'll tell you what really happened." Elice said that getting DeVito's version was a "eureka moment" and the contradiction in their stories ended up being incorporated in the musical for a Rashomon effect. The writers were also contacted by family members of the late mob boss Gyp DeCarlo to ensure that he would be portrayed respectfully.
Although Gaudio was part of the initial development team, he wasn't involved in the creative process during tryouts, and only met the cast once the show had premiered. Gaudio, Valli and DeVito had decided to step back from the show's creative process because they lacked objectivity, and they left it to Brickman, Elice and McAnuff to take the story to the stage. However, Gaudio and Valli still had final say on whether to end the show if they didn't like it.
Productions.
"Jersey Boys" premiered at the La Jolla Playhouse at University of California, San Diego, in an out-of-town tryout on October 5, 2004 and ran through January 16, 2005 Christian Hoff, David Norona, Daniel Reichard and J. Robert Spencer played The Four Seasons. At the end of the tryout, Norona, who originated the role of Frankie Valli, was replaced by John Lloyd Young, who had originally auditioned for the role of Tommy DeVito.
The musical began previews on Broadway on October 4, 2005 and officially opened on November 6, 2005 at the August Wilson Theatre. The cast starred John Lloyd Young as Frankie Valli, Christian Hoff as Tommy DeVito, Daniel Reichard as Bob Gaudio, and J. Robert Spencer as Nick Massi. The musical is directed by Des McAnuff, the then-artistic director at La Jolla Playhouse, with choreography by Sergio Trujillo. The Broadway production had 38 previews and is still running. It reached its 3487th performance on April 9, 2014, making it the 13th longest-running show on Broadway. Notable cast replacements include Andy Karl as Tommy DeVito and Sebastian Arcelus as Bob Gaudio.
The first national US tour of the musical began on December 10, 2006, at the Curran Theatre in San Francisco and went on to play in 38 cities. "Jersey Boys" recently played at the Forrest Theatre in Philadelphia where it broke the box office record 8 times before moving on to a return engagement in Boston.
In May 2007, while the first national tour continued (with Steve Gouveia from the original Broadway cast as Nick Massi), a second company debuted at the Curran and ended as an open-ended run at Chicago's Bank of America Theatre, beginning on October 5, 2007. The Chicago cast appeared on stage in the 2007 Emmy Awards in a tribute to HBO's "The Sopranos". A special holiday return engagement played at the Curran Theatre from November 20 – December 30, 2007, starring Rick Faugno as Frankie Valli, Andrew Rannells as Bob Gaudio, Bryan McElroy as Tommy DeVito and Jeff Leibow as Nick Massi. The majority of this cast became the original Las Vegas cast, which debuted at The Palazzo Hotel on Sunday, May 3, 2009, in the newly built Jersey Boys Theatre. The show temporarily closed on January 1, 2012 and reopened on March 6, 2012 at Paris Las Vegas.
The musical made its West End debut at London's Prince Edward Theatre in February 2008. The creative team were the same that brought the production to Broadway. Principal cast were Ryan Molloy as Frankie Valli, Stephen Ashfield as Bob Gaudio, Glenn Carter as Tommy DeVito, Philip Bulcock as Nick Massi, Stuart Milligan as DeCarlo and Tom Lorcan as Donnie/Knuckles. The production won the Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Musical. Molloy performed the lead role for six years, making him the longest-running star in a West End musical. The production moved to the Piccadilly Theatre on March 15, 2014, which was the same day that John Lloyd Young assumed the role of Frankie Valli.
The Australian production opened at the Princess Theatre in Melbourne on July 4, 2009. Principal cast members were Bobby Fox as Frankie Valli, Stephen Mahy as Bob Gaudio, Scott Johnson as Tommy DeVito and Glaston Toft as Nick Massi. The Melbourne production closed on July 25, 2010 and the Sydney production opened in September 2010 with the same principal cast. The Sydney production closed in 18 December 2011 and the show opened in Auckland in April 2012, running through June 17, 2012.
Due to the success of the national tour's long stop at Toronto Centre for the Arts in Toronto, Ontario in Autumn 2008, a Toronto production opened on December 12, 2008 with a new, mostly Canadian cast that included Jeremy Kushnier and Jenny Lee Stern from the first national tour. This production closed on August 22, 2010, on the show's second anniversary.
An international tour with an all South African cast ran in Singapore at the Marina Bay Sands resort from November 23, 2012 to January 27, 2013. The production then performed in Johannesburg, South Africa at the Teatro at Montecasino on April 3, 2013 and at Artscape Cape Town on June 19, 2013. This company also performed at the Zorlu Center Performing Arts Center in Istanbul, Turkey from November 13–24, 2013 and in South Korea from January 17 to March 23, 2014. The same production performed an edited family-friendly version without profanity at Istana Budaya, Malaysia from April 15 to 27, 2014.
A Dutch production, produced by Stage Entertainment, opened at the Beatrix Theatre in Utrecht on September 22, 2013. This production features the songs performed in English and the dialogue performed in Dutch, making it the first time the show has been performed in a language other than English. The cast includes Tim Driesen as Frankie Valli, René van Kooten as Tommy DeVito, Dieter Spileers as Bob Gaudio and Robbert van den Bergh as Nick Massi.
A national UK tour will begin in autumn 2014, with the opening to be staged at Palace Theatre, Manchester September 4 to October 4, with subsequent stops including the Edinburgh Playhouse (Edinburgh), Regent Theatre (Stoke), Hull New Theatre (Hull), Sunderland Empire Theatre (Sunderland) and New Alexandra Theatre (Birmingham) This production has the same creative team as the Broadway and West End productions.
Synopsis.
Act I.
"Ces soirées-là", a modern pop-rap song that was released in 2000, is performed. Tommy DeVito arrives, introduces himself and explains how the song is a cover of The Four Seasons' "December, 1963 (Oh, What a Night)". He offers to tell the story of the band, explaining how he started out with the group "The Variety Trio" with his brother Nick DeVito and friend Nick Massi, eventually discovering teenager Frankie Castelluccio and taking him under his wing, teaching him everything he knows ("The Early Years: A Scrapbook"). During these early years Nick Massi helped train Frankie to sing, Tommy went in and out of prison, Frankie changed his last name to Valli, Tommy and Frankie developed a good relationship with mob boss Gyp DeCarlo, and Frankie fell in love with and married Mary Delgado. Musically, the band was still struggling and kept changing their name and sound but without any dramatic success. One day friend and fellow Jersey boy Joe Pesci comes up to Tommy and says that he knows a singer-songwriter who'd make the perfect fourth for their band: Bob Gaudio.
Bob Gaudio takes over the narration, telling the audience that no matter what Tommy says, he wasn't plucked from obscurity by him, since he already had a hit single with "Short Shorts". Bob goes with Joe Pesci to see the band perform, and is immediately impressed by Frankie's voice. Bob performs a song he'd just written: "Cry for Me" on piano, which Frankie, Nick Massi and then Tommy joining in with vocals, bass and guitar respectively. They negotiate an agreement, though Tommy is at first skeptical that Bobby (then still a teenager) will be good for the band. The band eventually gets a contract with producer Bob Crewe but only to sing back-up ("Backup Sessions"). Crewe insists that the band has an "identity crisis" and needs to make a firm decision on a name and a sound. The band name themselves after The Four Seasons bowling alley, and Bobby writes them three songs that finally propel them to stardom: "Sherry", "Big Girls Don't Cry" and "Walk Like a Man". In the wake of their success, Bob also chalks up a personal first by losing his virginity ("December, 1963 (Oh, What a Night)"). The band's success means that they tour a lot more, along the way discovering the girl band The Angels ("My Boyfriend's Back"). Unfortunately, the constant touring strains Frankie's marriage to Mary, and they eventually divorce ("My Eyes Adored You"). The band continues to enjoy chart successes ("Dawn (Go Away)") until after a concert the band is approached by a loan shark out to claim money owed by Tommy ("Walk Like a Man (reprise)").
Act II.
Nick Massi, taking over as Narrator, explains that Bob was so focused on the band's musical success and future that he couldn't see that the band had been in trouble for some time. Tommy's been racking up debts, and a forgotten bill during a previous tour lands the band in jail over the weekend, which strains things between Tommy and Bob ("Big Man in Town"). Nick observes that Tommy became jealous of Frankie's success and closeness with Bobby, and attempted to seduce Frankie's new girlfriend Lorraine. The two never confronted each other about it, but the old friendship was not what it used to be. When the loan shark approaches the band for the $150,000 owed by Tommy, Frankie goes to Gyp DeCarlo for help despite Tommy's insistence that he doesn't need it ("Beggin'"). The band, Gyp, and the loan shark come to agreement: Tommy is to be "sequestered" in Las Vegas where the mob can keep an eye on him, and the band will willingly cover the debt, along with an additional half a million in unpaid taxes that Tommy kept hidden from the group. At this time, Nick declares that he's tired of everything and wants out ("Stay/Let's Hang On!").
Frankie takes over narration, explaining that though he owes Tommy a great deal, he's aware that their relationship wasn't ideal, and he never understood why Nick decided to leave. Frankie and Bob find replacements to keep the band a quartet ("Opus 17 (Don't You Worry 'Bout Me)") until Bobby announces that he's never been comfortable in the spotlight and that Frankie should be a single, i.e. Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons. In his personal life, Frankie's relationship with his daughter Francine is strained and he breaks up with girlfriend Lorraine ("Bye, Bye, Baby (Baby, Goodbye)"). Frankie continues to have success thanks to Bobby's songs, and hits jackpot with ("C'mon Marianne") and the almost-never-released ("Can't Take My Eyes Off You") which Bobby fights to get airplay for. Along with the success of "Working My Way Back to You", Frankie and Bobby finally finish paying off Tommy's debts, and Frankie's life is good until his daughter Francine dies from a drug overdose ("Fallen Angel")
Bob Crewe describes The Four Seasons' 1990 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which reunited the original four members on stage one last time ("Rag Doll"). Each member takes a moment to address the audience in turn, explaining his pride at having been with the band and briefly notes what he did afterwards ("Who Loves You").
Music.
Instrumentation.
The score for "Jersey Boys" requires a small orchestra with nine musicians: three keyboards, guitar, bass, drums, two woodwind players, and trumpet. The first woodwind player doubles on alto and tenor saxophone, clarinet, flute, and oboe. The second woodwind part doubles on tenor and baritone sax, clarinet, and bass clarinet. The trumpet also doubles on flugelhorn.
Critical response.
Ben Brantley of "The New York Times" wrote, "THE CROWD GOES WILD. I'm talking about the real, mostly middle-aged crowd at the August Wilson Theater, who seem to have forgotten what year it is or how old they are or, most important, that John Lloyd Young is not Frankie Valli. And everything that has led up to that curtain call feels, for just a second, as real and vivid as the sting of your hands clapping together."
Charles Spencer from "The Daily Telegraph" wrote: "Overpaid, over-sexed and over here, it will, I suspect be some time before London says Bye Bye Baby (Baby Goodbye) to the PHENOMENAL "Jersey Boys"." Benedict Nightingale from "The Times" said, “Oh What a Night. There were times when I felt that the performers were making even the Beatles sound somewhat lacking in musical texture." Quentin Letts from "The Daily Mail" said, "I must say I thoroughly enjoyed it. This is a big thumper of a show with fantastic songs."
Recording and adaptations.
An original cast recording was made by Rhino Entertainment, "" (Rhino R2 73271), released in November 2005, which won the 2007 Grammy Award for Best Musical Show Album. In February 2008, the album was certified Gold, having shipped more than 500,000 copies in the US. In October 2009, the cast album was certified Platinum, selling over 1,000,000 copies in the United States.
In 2010, GK Films acquired the rights to produce a film version of the musical, with Brickman and Elice to write the script for the film. By August 2012, Jon Favreau was engaged to direct and casting had begun. In November 2012 "Variety" reported that Warner Bros. had dropped the film plans, however, in May 2013, an interview with Four Seasons lead singer Frankie Valli indicated the film was still being produced and that Valli would be contributing to the casting of his character.
In July 2013, Clint Eastwood began casting "Jersey Boys". On July 17, 2013, it was reported that the four main characters had been cast: John Lloyd Young as Frankie Valli, Erich Bergen as Bob Gaudio, Vincent Piazza as Tommy DeVito and Michael Lomenda as Nick Massi. On July 23, 2013, Christopher Walken was announced to play the mobster Gyp DeCarlo. Other characters that had been cast are Mike Doyle as Bob Crewe, Joey Russo as Joe Pesci, Johnny Cannizzaro as Nick DeVito, Donnie Kehr as Norm Waxman, Jeremy Luke as Donnie, Phil Abrams as Music Publisher, Freya Tingley as Francine Valli, Renee Marino as Mary Delgado, Erica Piccininni as Lorraine and Kathrine Narducci as Frankie Valli's mother.
The film was released in the United States on June 20, 2014.
Charity Performances.
The West End cast of "Jersey Boys" appeared as a guest act for the Royal Variety Performance 2008, which was staged at the London Palladium on December 11 in the presence of senior members of the Royal family. The Royal Variety Performance is a gala event held annually at a major British theatre, to raise money for the Entertainment Artistes' Benevolent Fund. In 2010, The West End cast of "Jersey Boys" performed a show, with the profits going to Children In Need. The show ended with Pudsey Bear joining in to sing a medley, and raised £60,150 for the charity. In 2009 the cast also appeared as a guest act for Children In Need.
"Jersey Boys" Chicago has been honored two years in a row at the Broadway Cares event for being the top fundraiser in the Tour category. In 2008, "Jersey Boys" Chicago raised $220,000 for BC/EFA.
For every ticket sold for every Broadway performance in the month of October 2010, $1 was donated to the "VH1 Save the Music Foundation". "Jersey Boys" aimed to raise funds to restore one full music education program in a New York City school. The show eventually raised $43,521, enough to restore the instrumental music education program at PS 85 in the Bronx. Plans were made to donate additional funds raised to a second "VH1 Save The Music Foundation" grant recipient school.
The Boys in Concert.
Four actors of the original Broadway production, Christian Hoff, Michael Longoria, Daniel Reichard and J. Robert Spencer, launched a concert tour titled "The Boys in Concert" in 2010. Frankie Valli, Bob Gaudio, Marshall Brickman and Rick Elice sued the production, claiming that it "steals songs, stage elements and copyrighted logo" that imply that it is an authorized spin-off of "Jersey Boys". The production was rebranded as "The 4 Hitmen", and Hoff, Longoria, Reichard and Spencer counter-sued, claiming that the accusations were false, and alleging the use of "bully tactics" in an "effort to injure the livelihood and the reputations" of the actors. On September 23, 2010, Valli and company dropped the original suit, on the condition that the name of the performance is changed to distance itself from "Jersey Boys". As of February 2013, this production is still active, and is named "The Midtown Men".

</doc>
<doc id="2864199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864199" title="Ultimate Collection (Aimee Mann album)">
Ultimate Collection (Aimee Mann album)

Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Aimee Mann. Released on September 12, 2000, by Hip-O, the album predominantly comprises tracks from her major label days in addition to a few tracks from the new wave band she fronted, 'Til Tuesday.
Release.
Before its release, Mann issued a statement disavowing any involvement with the creation of "Ultimate Collection", writing that the compilation was never authorized by her and that her offer to assist in putting the album together after she heard of the project's existence was "flatly refused."
Track listing.
"All tracks written by Aimee Mann unless otherwise noted."

</doc>
<doc id="2864201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864201" title="Kevätpörriäinen">
Kevätpörriäinen

Kevätpörriäinen (Finnish meaning approximately "spring buzzing bee") is an annual Finnish magazine in Helsinki.
The full-color magazine is produced entirely by volunteer children from primary schools in Helsinki. Every year, teachers in Helsinki schools ask their pupils to write stories and poems and draw pictures for the magazine and, after the articles are approved, the magazine is sent to be printed.
The magazine is sold through primary school student volunteers on the streets of Helsinki and sometimes door-to-door. It is not available through retail outlets.
For many Finns living in the Helsinki region buying a copy of Kevätpörriäinen is an important spring tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="2864205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864205" title="La Raza Cósmica">
La Raza Cósmica

Published in 1925, La Raza Cósmica (The Cosmic Race) is an essay written by late Mexican philosopher, secretary of education, and 1929 presidential candidate, José Vasconcelos to express the ideology of a future "fifth race" in the Americas; an agglomeration of all the races in the world with no respect to colour or number to erect a new civilisation: Universópolis.
As he explains in his literary work, armies of people would then go forth around the world professing their knowledge. Vasconcelos continues to say that the people of the Iberian regions of the Americas (that is to say, the parts of the continent colonised by Portugal and Spain) have the territorial, racial, and spiritual factors necessary to initiate the "universal era of humanity".
As a form of futuristic race, the people would have major influences from so-called Mongoloids (conquered/enslaved native Americans), so-called Caucasians (colonising Europeans), and so-called Negroids (conquered/enslaved Africans).
Claiming that the Darwinist ideologies are "scientific" theories only created to validate, explain, and justify ethnic superiority and to repress others, Vasconcelos attempts to refute these theories and goes on to recognize his words as being an ideological effort to improve the cultural morale of a "depressed race" by offering his optimistic theory of the future development of a cosmic race.
Usage of phrase.
The phrase, "La raza cósmica", in English "the cosmic race", embodies the notion that traditional, exclusive concepts of so-called “race” and nationality can be transcended in the name of humanity's common destiny. It originally referred to a movement by Mexican intellectuals during the 1920s who pointed out that so-called “Latin” Americans have the blood of all the world's so-called “races”: European, Asian-descended native Americans and Africans, thereby transcending the peoples of the "old world".
Vasconcelos also used the term when he coined the National Autonomous University of Mexico's motto: ""Por mi raza hablará el espíritu"".
It has come, often in its shortened version ""La Raza"", to refer to the mixed race people of Latin America, i.e., primarily mestizos, mulattos, and zambos or all three combined. Vasconcelos also used the expression, ""la raza de bronce"" ("the Bronze race"), in this same sense.
References.
José Vasconselos, "La Raza Cósmica" (Mexico D.F., Espasa Calpe, S.A., 1948), 47-51

</doc>
<doc id="2864207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864207" title="Bleb">
Bleb

Bleb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864212" title="Maršal">
Maršal

Maršal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864223" title="Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition">
Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition

The Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) was an expedition from 1947-1948 which researched the area surrounding the head of the Weddell Sea in Antarctica.
Background.
Finn Ronne led the RARE which was the final privately sponsored expedition from the United States and explored and mapped the last unknown coastline on earth and determined that the Weddell Sea and the Ross Sea were not connected. The expedition included Isaac Schlossbach, as second in command, who was to have Cape Schlossbach named after him. The expedition, based out of Stonington Island was the first to take women to over-winter. Ronne's wife, Edith Ronne was correspondent for the North American Newspaper Alliance for expedition and the chief pilot Darlington took his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="2864225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864225" title="James A. Weston">
James A. Weston

James Adams Weston (August 27, 1827 – May 8, 1895) was a civil engineer, banker, and an American politician from Manchester, New Hampshirewho served as mayor of Manchester for several terms and was twice Governor of New Hampshire.
Early life.
Weston was born in Manchester, New Hampshire, and grew up helping on the family farm. He was educated in the district school, the Manchester Academy and the Piscataquog Academy. Determined to become a civil engineer, he taught school during the winters, and at the age of nineteen, was appointed assistant civil engineer of the Concord Railroad in 1846. 
Career.
Promoted to the position of Chief Engineer in 1849, Weston was also performed the duties of road master and master of transportation of the Concord and the Manchester & Lawrence railroads. He surveyed and superintended the construction of the Concord water-works. 
Though Manchester was predominately a Republican city, Weston was elected mayor of Manchester in 1861, 1867, 1869 to 1870 and in 1874. 
Having secured the 1871 Democratic gubernatorial nomination, Weston was named by the legislature as the official governor after a close election. During that same year, Dartmouth College bestowed an honorary Master of Arts degree upon him. He served from June 14, 1871 - June 06, 1872. Failing in 1872 and 1873, he was successful in winning reelection in 1874 and served from June 03, 1874 - June 10, 1875. During his two terms, Democratic judges were appointed and an important railroad merger was authorized. 
Completing his term, Weston retired from political life, but continued to stay active in banking, insurance and railroad matters. 
Death.
Weston died in Manchester on May 8, 1895 (age 67 years, 254 days). He is interred at Pine Grove Cemetery, Manchester, Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, USA
Family life.
Son of Amos and Elizabeth Betsey Wilson Weston, he married Anna S. Gilmore on February 23, 1834, and they had five children: Grace W., James Henry Weston, Edwin Bell, Anna Mabel, and Herman. 

</doc>
<doc id="2864244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864244" title="Truncated square tiling">
Truncated square tiling

In geometry, the truncated square tiling is a semiregular tiling by regular polygons of the Euclidean plane with one square and two octagons on each vertex. This is the only edge-to-edge tiling by regular convex polygons which contains an octagon. It has Schläfli symbol of "t0,1{4,4}".
Conway calls it a truncated quadrille, constructed as a truncation operation applied to a square tiling (quadrille).
Other names used for this pattern include Mediterranean tiling and octagonal tiling, which is often represented by smaller squares, and nonregular octagons which alternate long and short edges.
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane.
Uniform colorings.
There are two distinct uniform colorings of a truncated square tiling. (Naming the colors by indices around a vertex (4.8.8): 122, 123.)
Circle packing.
The truncated square tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 3 other circles in the packing (kissing number). Since there is an even number of sides of all the polygons, the circles can be alternately colored as shown below.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
The truncated square tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of uniform polyhedra and tilings with vertex figures 4.2n.2n, extending into the hyperbolic plane:
The Pythagorean tiling alternates large and small squares, and may be seen as topologically identical to the truncated square tiling. The squares are rotated 45 degrees and octagons are distorted into squares with mid-edge vertices. 
The 3-dimensional bitruncated cubic honeycomb projected into the plane shows two copies of a truncated tiling. In the plane it can be represented by a compound tiling:
Wythoff constructions from square tiling.
Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, all 8 forms are distinct. However treating faces identically, there are only three unique topologically forms: square tiling, truncated square tiling, snub square tiling.
Tetrakis square tiling.
The tetrakis square tiling is the tiling of the Euclidean plane dual to the truncated square tiling. It can be constructed square tiling with each square divided into four isosceles right triangles from the center point, forming an infinite arrangement of lines. It can also be formed by subdividing each square of a grid into two triangles by a diagonal, with the diagonals alternating in direction, or by overlaying two square grids, one rotated by 45 degrees from the other and scaled by a factor of √2.
Conway calls it a kisquadrille, represented by a kis operation that adds a center point and triangles to replace the faces of a square tiling (quadrille). It is also called the Union Jack lattice because of the resemblance to the UK flag of the triangles surrounding its degree-8 vertices.

</doc>
<doc id="2864248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864248" title="Üsküdar American Academy">
Üsküdar American Academy

Üsküdar American Academy is a private coeducational high school located in Uskudar borough, Istanbul, Turkey. It is regarded as one of the most academically rigorous institutions in Turkey.
History.
American Academy for Girls (later called Üsküdar American Academy) was originally founded in 1876 in Bahçecik, a town in the province of Kocaeli by Congregational missionaries of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. The school was moved to Adapazarı where it remained until World War I. The site in Baglarbaşı, a neighbourhood on the Asian part of İstanbul, was originally the American College for Girls. ACG vacated the Baglarbaşı site in 1914 and moved to Arnavutköy, a neighbourhood on the European side of Bosphorus, leaving the Baglarbaşı campus empty from 1914-1921 except for the years 1914-1915 when the buildings of the school were used as an Armenian orphanage by the Americans and the years 1915-1918 when the Turkish army used the school as a barracks.
When Üsküdar American Academy for Girls was looking for a new location in Istanbul, it moved to the present site in Baglarbaşı in the early 1920s. With its new site and in the spirit of the new Republic of Turkey, the school became dedicated to quality education for girls. In 1925, the education at the school was being done in the basement of Barton Hall and in Bowker Hall. The Round House was in the same place as it is today. There was a wooden black building in the place of Emir Konak. There was a chapel in the place of the present gymnasium in which Sunday worship services were held for the local Christian community. During the week it was an assembly hall and classes were held in the basement. There was originally a stable on the site where Kinney Cottage stands today. The school's need for milk was met by the cows that lived in the stable. The stable was later demolished and the Practice House (Kinney Cottage) was built as a homemaking skills practicing center for the seniors. The building was named Kinney Cottage in memory of Mary Kinney who was the principal of the school when it moved from Adapazarı.
Üsküdar American Academy experienced a radical change in 1990 when it admitted boys for the first time into the Orta Prep class. With this change, "American Academy for Girls" became part of history and the school became known as "Üsküdar American Academy". With the help of USAID grants, the Sabancı Holding, supportive parents, and the Health and Education Foundation (SEV) physical changes have also continued with the building of a gymnasium, the restoration of Bowker and Barton Halls, and the construction of Morgan Hall, the science, math and computer building. Today the school, like the affiliated American schools in İzmir and Tarsus, as well as the American Hospital in Gaziantep, is under the governance of the Health and Education Foundation, which carries full responsibility and authority for operating the school. The school properties are also owned by SEV, while the American Board retains the operating permits.
With the passing of the 8-year mandatory education law, Üsküdar American Academy, like all foreign schools, gradually phased out the middle school, added a prep section for the lycée and now maintains only a high school program. To fill in the void left by the closing of the Orta schools, SEV has opened an elementary school that goes through the eighth grade, offering quality English instruction to supplement the Turkish curriculum. It is hoped that the tradition begun so many years ago will continue for many years to come through SEV elementary schools and Üsküdar American Academy.
Campus.
The current campus of Üsküdar American Academy is situated on a hill in a residential district of Üsküdar. The campus falls in the officially recognized neighborhood (mahalle) of Selamiali (Selamsız), but the school lists its address as Bağlarbaşı neighborhood. 
The school campus includes 8 buildings sited on 18,000 square meters. Currently a long-term renovation program is in place to modernize the physical plant. Both Martin Hall and Bowker Hall were renovated in the early 1990s. A new gymnasium was constructed in 1991, and a new science-computer facility, Morgan Hall was opened in 1994. A 12-unit faculty apartment building was opened in 1997, and Barton Hall, a central academic building, was renovated in two phases in 1998 and 1999. Huntington Hall was renovated in 2001. Emir Konak was renovated in 2003. Martin Hall was renovated in 2004. Morgan Hall was renovated in 2005. Bowker and Barton Hall were renovated in 2008. All buildings now meet strict earthquake and safety standards.
Library.
The Üskudar American Academy Library is located on the ground floor of Martin Hall. It has two sections. The fiction section contains junior and teenage/adult fiction in English, French, German and Spanish; fiction in Turkish, as well as short stories in English and Turkish. The non-fiction library contains the remaining book collections (classified by the Dewey Decimal Classification system) in English and Turkish, with a small selection in French and German. There is an Atatürk collection. There are twelve computers for library users, all connected to the school network and internet. The Üskudar American Academy Library subscribes to a range of periodicals in English, Turkish, French and German. The library also subscribes to four English-language electronic databases.
In August 2006, the libraries of Uskudar American Academy and SEV Elementary School successfully installed a new library automation program. The program, named Destiny, is a product of the Follett Software Company.
Program.
The program of Üsküdar American Academy was created with Izmir American Collegiate Institute and Tarsus American College (the American Board Schools of SEV) and is approved by the Turkish Ministry of Education.
The program attempts to balance the needs of students in their preparation for the Turkish university entrance exam and the requirements of an academic program that takes into consideration good educational pedagogy. Even though some topics may be in an order different from the official Turkish Ministry of Education curriculum, by the end of Grade 12 students have minimally covered this syllabus. In order to provide a quality education to our very capable students, some topics are added to that of the Turkish Ministry of Education. Currently our students begin study in their diploma areas in Grade 11. This allows students to develop a good background in all academic areas in Grades 9 and 10, in addition to exploring their own interests and strengths, before embarking on their diploma concentration.
To change diploma areas in Grade 12, the student must first successfully be promoted to Grade 12 with at most 1 failure. Once they are in Grade 12 they can request to change diploma areas. They are responsible for the Grade 11 diploma area courses for their new diploma area. They will take exams for these courses at the beginning of the second semester of their 12th grade year. In addition they may take one “sorumluluk” exam if they have a failure from previous grades. If this failure is in their previous diploma area, then they do not need to take the exam. 
The grades that they receive on these exams become the course grades for the Grade 11 courses. The previous diploma area courses are removed from their transcripts if they do not help their GPA. If the student is not successful on these diploma area exams, he/she may enter the exams again in June. Following the June exams, the students will repeat the 12th grade if he/she has a total of 3 or more failures.
Teaching Environment.
It is important that the prospective teacher understands the nature of the school, its history, unique culture and the pedagogical demands made on those who work here.
Established in 1876 by American missionaries, Üsküdar American Academy is one of the oldest schools in the region. Today the school is governed by a Turkish non-profit trust, The Health and Education Foundation and it provides a high quality English language, college preparatory program of studies to Turkish students.
In many respects Üsküdar American Academy is neither an American nor an international school. The limited international component of the school involves its long affiliation with American missionaries, the practice of employing a foreign Director and teachers, and the main language of instruction being English. Otherwise the school is very much a Turkish institution and this manifests itself in many ways.
The Turkish educational system is highly centralized. The Ministry of Education regulates all matters from curriculum issues to textbook selection and requires the approval of routine activities such as guest speakers and field trips. While the foreign teacher is generally removed and “protected” from the bureaucracy, one is, nevertheless, always accountable for enforcing and upholding both the letter and the spirit of the Turkish educational system.
Turkish society is generally hierarchical and authoritarian in nature. Students are conditioned from an early age to respect authority and conform to laws and institutional procedures. For example, students wear uniforms to school and are expected to stand when answering questions. Students are used to, and are more comfortable with, traditional teacher directed learning. In a curious sense, Turkish students are more “at ease” with formality than with friendliness and casualness.
Once the new teacher has grasped the basic characteristics of Turkish Education, there lies just beneath the surface of “cultural differences” a rich vein of opportunity and potential. Education is valued in this society. Teachers are respected. Students come to school prepared to learn. Given our very homogeneous population most students are “on task” and they expect much from their teachers.
The teaching environment at Üsküdar American Academy is very demanding both personally and professionally. Teachers need to possess qualities such as sensitivity, tolerance, and flexibility. Further, they need to have sound teaching skills, which will be challenged on a daily basis. If the prospective candidate understands these special attributes of the school, then he or she could be a valued addition to the faculty.
In September 1998 a primary school was opened on the school’s campus. This addition to the school was a result of legislation passed by the Turkish government to extend mandatory primary education to 8th grade. Foreign teachers are hired to teach English / E.S.L. to the upper elementary classes.
Student Association Clubs.
Art Branch’s purpose this year is to become more active in culture and art. Art history will be introduced to club members. To broaden our knowledge of art, trips will be organized to current exhibitions. Members will produce art works, and share ideas and critiques. Projects will be selected by club members and advisors; these could include workshops and seminars with that the famous artists.
Atatürk Club aims to identify and present Atatürk’s principles correctly, to attend intellectual activities, and to preserve the values of the Turkish for future generations. The members desire to become leaders, celebrating Atatürk’s ideals through cultural events.
The Culture Branch’s explores the literature, art, and culture from Turkey as well as other countries. Our priority is to offer students opportunities to know and become interested in their own culture while also helping them to understand different cultures. Activities will include seminars and workshops with professional writers and illustrators, trips, and the organization of Culture Day.
"I think anyone can do theater. Even actors. And theater can be done everywhere. Even in a theater.” -Augusto Boal. This philosophy is reflected in the Drama Branch, a combined effort of English Drama and Turkish Drama clubs, which works to remind the student body of the power and virtues of theater.Another goal this year is to expand the performances of English and Turkish Drama, to make dramatic efforts part of the school community. Auditions will be held, casts selected, and performances perfected. While English Drama will be participating in an International Schools Theatre Festival (ISTA) in London, Turkish Drama will perform in surrounding schools.
Journalism Club allows students to exhibit creativity. Serce, a literary magazine, celebrates student writing and design, and is published three times a year. In addition, opportunities for layout and magazine design are offered to club members.
The aim of the Memoranda Branch is to prepare, design, and publish the annual memoranda. Responsibilities include the taking and collecting of all class, clubs’, branches’, and school teams’ photos, the copywriting, graduation photos, senior write-ups, and personal and class fun pages. The priority is to produce a unique memoranda which represents our school at its best.
The Üsküdar American Academy music club organizes diverse events throughout the year. Instrumental lessons, including guitar, strings, winds, percussion, and piano, are taught by experienced teachers from music academies. These lessons culminate in a series of performances. Vocal lessons are also offered; opportunities to perform include the yearly musical. In addition, club members should learn to play at least one musical instrument and to understand basic music theory. 
The fundamental element of learning is curiosity. Curiosity leads people to ask questions, research, and discover the unknown. In Science Branch, our goals are to provide answers, to experiment, to experience field-trips to museums, and to listen to guest speakers. Basically, we want to learn what we don't know and have fun while doing so.
Social Affairs branch aims to visit students to locations, which have been read about in geography and history books. Opportunities to travel, to see new places, to understand how Turkey grew rich on its earlier civilizations, to explore and enhance cultural experience, and to have fun are inherent in our annual trips.
Social Service Club balances projects, which are both moral and financial. This year we aim to increase the number of events in which our members assist people in need, spend time with the less fortunate, help schools, and to make some financial contribution to schools in eastern Turkey. In addition, we hope to expand our activities to an international level by helping an African school to finance its well production. Finally, the club works to build strong relationships with Istanbul schools’ Social Service Clubs to become more effective contributors. Finally, keeping the student body informed of our mission thus increasing their understanding and sympathy is crucial to our success.
Sports promote school spirit, sportsmanship, health, and positive competition. Team sports offer opportunities to develop lifelong friendships. Organizing local and international sports events and providing enjoyment for sport are our goals. To accomplish this, we hope to create a new logo for the sports department, design T-shirts, provide a new dashboard in the gym and refresh it frequently, listen to ideas and suggestions from the school community, work at sports events, organize game trips, and have fun.
Philosophy.
The mission of Uskudar American Academy is to contribute to the growth of individuals who combine self-confidence with a firm sense of personal and social responsibility. The aim is to enable the students to be strong bilinguals, well-educated adults, lifelong learners, and efficient communicators, who have developed skills, accountability, and attitudes for leading a fulfilling life and for serving their country and humanity. In pursuit of Uskudar American Academy's mission, the institutions goal is to provide excellence in holistic education so that each student.
Academics.
The elementary objectives of academics at the Uskudar American Academy is mastery of Knowledge, Skills, Attitudes. The program of Üsküdar American Academy was created with İzmir American Collegiate Institute and Tarsus American College (the American Board Schools of SEV) and approved in 2002 by the Turkish Ministry of Education. The first class will graduate from the Prep English plus 4 year high school program in 2007.
In the fall of 2005, beginning with the Class of 2009, some modifications were made in the Grade 9 program to reflect some recent changes made in the Turkish national curriculum. One change took effect immediately. Beginning with the Class of 2009, Turkish Language and Literature will be divided into two courses: Turkish Language Arts (Dil ve Anlatım) and Turkish Literature (Türk Edebiyatı). More changes will be made for the 2006-2007 school year pending approval by the Turkish Ministry of Education. It is not intended to change the basic philosophy on which the school program is based.
The Prep and English programs at Uskudar American Academy are known for their excellence . Courses in the language arts (comprehension of written texts, processed written essays, fluent and correct spoken English, logical thinking and organization of ideas, analysis of literature, research leading to papers or presentations, and vocabulary development) are offered with the goal of preparing Turkish students to have the ability to become independent and original thinkers. Uskudar American Academy has also been applauded for its extensive stress in the mathematics and natural sciences fields.

</doc>
<doc id="2864256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864256" title="Toro Mata">
Toro Mata

"Toro Mata" ("The Bull Kills" in Spanish) is one of the most famous folk songs in Peru, which has been recorded and developed by many different musical artists throughout its history. Toro Mata is a type of Peruvian music initially developed by black slaves in Cañete and Chincha.
History.
"Toro Mata" is a song influenced by Afro-Peruvian musical styles (this song is classified as a landó), and over the years, has become a popular anthem for Peru. A dance of "Toro Mata" also developed, which mocks and parodies the stylized waltzes of European Conquistadores. This politically charged song and dance developed as a reaction to the conquest of Peru by Spain. By the beginning of the 20th century, "Toro Mata" was fading from popularity, but it has again become popular due the revival of "musica criolla" starting in the 1950s.
One of the most famous versions of "Toro Mata" was performed by Carlos Soto de la Colina (also known as Caitro Soto) in 1973. "Toro Mata" has also been performed by Peruvian musicians Susana Baca, Eva Ayllon, Peru Negro and Lucila Campos. There are many different versions of "Toro Mata" within Peru, with slight differences in content, though all center on a deadly bull. The song has gained popularity outside of Peru, with Cuban artist Celia Cruz recording a salsa version of the song.

</doc>
<doc id="2864262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864262" title="Jolanda de Rover">
Jolanda de Rover

Jolanda de Rover (born 10 October 1963 in Amstelveen) is a former backstroke swimmer from the Netherlands. She competed at the 1980, 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics and won a gold and a bronze medal in backstroke in 1984. In 1988, she finished fifth and seventh in the 4×100 m medley relay and 200 m backstroke events, respectively. 
Between 1981 and 1986 she won four medals at European and world championships; she also won at least three national titles and set at least 10 national records in backstroke events.

</doc>
<doc id="2864277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864277" title="ENOBUFS">
ENOBUFS

In programming, ENOBUFS is a POSIX error code defined in <errno.h>. This condition caused by lack of memory in the OS's buffers.

</doc>
<doc id="2864280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864280" title="Oblique reflection">
Oblique reflection

In Euclidean geometry, oblique reflections generalize ordinary reflections by not requiring that reflection be done using perpendiculars. If two points are oblique reflections of each other, they will still stay so under affine transformations. 
Consider a plane "P" in the three-dimensional Euclidean space. The usual reflection of a point "A" in space in respect to the plane "P" is another point "B" in space, such that the midpoint of the segment "AB" is in the plane, and "AB" is perpendicular to the plane. For an "oblique reflection", one requires instead of perpendicularity that "AB" be parallel to a given reference line. 
Formally, let there be a plane "P" in the three-dimensional space, and a line "L" in space not parallel to "P". To obtain the oblique reflection of a point "A" in space in respect to the plane "P", one draws through "A" a line parallel to "L", and lets the oblique reflection of "A" be the point "B" on that line on the other side of the plane such that the midpoint of "AB" is in "P". If the reference line "L" is perpendicular to the plane, one obtains the usual reflection. 
For example, consider the plane "P" to be the "xy" plane, that is, the plane given by the equation "z"=0 in Cartesian coordinates. Let the direction of the reference line "L" be given by the vector ("a", "b", "c"), with "c"≠0 (that is, "L" is not parallel to "P"). The oblique reflection of a point ("x", "y", "z") will then be
The concept of oblique reflection is easily generalizable to oblique reflection in respect to an affine hyperplane in R"n" with a line again serving as a reference, or even more generally, oblique reflection in respect to a "k"-dimensional affine subspace, with a "n"−"k"-dimensional affine subspace serving as a reference. Back to three dimensions, one can then define oblique reflection in respect to a line, with a plane serving as a reference. 
An oblique reflection is an affine transformation, and it is an involution, meaning that the reflection of the reflection of a point is the point itself.

</doc>
<doc id="2864293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864293" title="Samurai Gun">
Samurai Gun

Plot.
It is the beginning of the industrial revolution, and feudal Japan is in turmoil. The ruling Shogun are wielding their abusive powers to instill fear and dominance over their oppressed subjects. Beatings, imprisonment, rape and even murder are the adopted tactics chosen to maintain their reign. The bloodshed must end. A group of Samurai have banded together, and, with the development of new weapons and new technology, they have both the will and the hardware to stand up and fight. Ichimatsu is one of these fighters. By day, he works incognito at a local tavern, in the evenings he frequents the brothels, and by the dark of night, he doles out some big-time, gun-barrel justice. He is here to help. He is Samurai Gun.
Characters.
Ichimatsu is one of the samurai guns and the main protagonist of the series . During the day, he works at a local tavern. During the night, however, he delivers merciless justice under the name of "Samurai Gun." Has been adapted to English for DVD release. Voiced by Illich Guardiola in the English adaptation and Showtaro Morikubo in the Japanese version.
"'Daimon'" is another samurai gun who works many missions with Ichimatsu. His cover during the day is a teacher and owes a large tab to the tavern owner Ichimatsu works for.

</doc>
<doc id="2864295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864295" title="Feel (Robbie Williams song)">
Feel (Robbie Williams song)

"Feel" is a song by British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It was released on December 2, 2002 as the lead single from his fifth studio album, "Escapology". The song became an international hit, reaching the top of the charts in Austria, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the Netherlands, and top five positions in countries such as Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Background.
"Feel" was written by Robbie Williams and Guy Chambers. According to Williams, most of the vocals are from the original demo recording, as he felt unsatisfied with the re-recorded vocals. He commented, "I just couldn't sing it as well as I did on that day."
Music video.
The video shows Williams in a cowboy-like lifestyle. It gained some attention in the United States thanks to Daryl Hannah's appearance as Williams' love interest. There were two versions of the same video, one shot in black and white and the other in colour.
Chart performance.
The song was aimed to become the Christmas number-one in the United Kingdom, but peaked at #4. It still spent four weeks inside the Top 10, however. "Feel" became Williams' biggest international hit and his best selling single in Europe: the song topped the charts in Argentina, Hungary, Italy, India, Latvia, Portugal and the Netherlands. The song was also successful in Mexico and in Canada, where it reached in the Top 10 and spent a total of 54 weeks in the chart. Despite Williams' major success in the most of the world, "Feel" failed to reach the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the USA. To date, "Feel" has sold 245,000 copies in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="2864297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864297" title="Poppy (musical)">
Poppy (musical)

Poppy is a musical comedy play set during the First Opium War. The play takes the form of a pantomime, complete with Dick Whittington (played as a principal boy), a pantomime dame, and two pantomime horses. The book and lyrics were written by Peter Nichols; the composer was Monty Norman.
Plot.
The year is 1840. The Emperor of China warns the young Queen Victoria to know her place - "The Emperor's Greeting". The scene is set, panto-style, in a quaint, cardboard English village, "Dunroamin-on-the-Down", ancestral home of Sir Richard (Dick) Whittington and his widowed mother Lady Dodo.
Dick sets off with his manservant Jack Idle and the men of the village to seek their fortune in London or in the new towns of the Industrial Revolution. Jack is sad to leave his girlfriend, Sally. His horse Randy and her mare Cherry also fancy each other and have to be rebuked for their friskiness - "Whoa, Boy". Lady Dodo pines for the good old days, but Dick believes the age of gold is yet to come.
Sally, left with her mare, sings of her confusion. She likes Jack but pines for Sir Richard, who is also her legal guardian. Secretly, she and Dodo take off on their own for London.
In the City, Dick encounters Obadiah Upward, an up-and-coming merchant, who explains how their fortunes can be made in distant China from the sale of poppies. Dodo and Sally arrive and they agree to make the journey.
They sail to India, and, in the poppy fields, Dodo tells Upward why she loves him - "Nostalgie de la Boue". Dick and Jack reflect on British India, the East India Company and the Battle of Plassey in a Kipling-esque ballad - "John Companee"
En route for China aboard one of Upward's opium clippers, Dick persuades Jack and Sally to sample their wares, and they savour a pipe dream of paradise.
The Emperor of China tells Victoria to stop the cultivation of poppies, but she replies that the "Bounty of the Earth" is to be shared by every nation. She leaves him alone to lament his son's addiction to the drug. He sends Commissioner Lin to Canton to stamp out the trade. Here, Lin meets Viceroy Teng and his daughter Yoyo who is confused by Europeans - "They All Look the Same To Us".
Obadiah refuses to be intimidated by Lin's threats and sends Dick up the coast to seek fresh markets. Victoria joins his crew as an interpreter and Christian missionary and is questioned on her religious scruples. She explains there is a blessed trinity that justifies trade - "Blessed Trinity" (of Civilisation, Commerce and Christianity). 
Before they leave, Dodo guesses that Sally loves Dick and tells her he is not only her guardian but also her half-brother.
The Chinese lay siege to the European compound, and the animals have to be slaughtered for food. Jack sings Randy a last lullaby before killing him - "Rock-A-Bye Randy"
In the war that follows, the Chinese are defeated and surrender Hong Kong Island. Dodo and Upward sing of how the British and French soldiers sacked the Imperial Summer Palace in Peking - "Rat-a-Tat-Tat".
Though there are dark and savage undertones to this fairy tale, in the end, most of the British live happily ever after, and it is the Chinese who learn to know their place.
Musical numbers.
Act One
Act Two
Production history.
"Poppy" premiered on 25 September 1982 at the Barbican Centre performed by the Royal Shakespeare Company. That year, it won the Laurence Olivier Award for best new musical. On 14 November 1983, the play was moved to the Adelphi Theatre and ran until 18 February 1984. The show was revived in December 1988 at the now-closed Half Moon Theatre (with Louise Gold as Dick Whittington), in 1998 by the Chelsea Players, and again in March 2005 by the Italia Conti Academy at the Landor Theatre.
A 'script-in-hand' performance was given as part of the Royal Shakespeare Company's 50th Birthday Celebrations on 9 July 2011, directed by Mark Ravenhill, with both Peter Nichols and Monty Norman in the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="2864300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864300" title="List of Degrassi episodes">
List of Degrassi episodes


</doc>
<doc id="2864307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864307" title="Headwaters Forest Reserve">
Headwaters Forest Reserve

The Headwaters Forest Reserve is a group of old growth Coast Redwood ("Sequoia sempervirens") groves, comprising about , managed by the Bureau of Land Management as part of the National Landscape Conservation System. Located in the Northern California coastal forests ecoregion near Humboldt Bay of the U.S. state of California, most of it was owned by the now defunct Pacific Lumber Company, which was owned by Charles Hurwitz and Maxxam Inc, as the result of a hostile takeover in 1985. The Headwaters Forest has been the site of many tree sits and anti-logging demonstrations, which ensued after Maxxam changed generations old policies of sustained-yield logging at PALCO with clearcutting to finance debt they incurred in the junk bonds used to purchase the once storied company.
Climate is characterized by maritime conditions of cool, wet and foggy winters and cool to warm cloudy summers. Elevations range from to over .
Overview.
The reserve was established in 1999 (H.R. 2107, Title V. Sec.501). The reserve was created after a 15 year effort to save the ancient ecosystem (with some trees estimated at over two thousand years old), from being clearcut. Almost 60 per cent of what is now the Reserve was harvested by mostly clearcutting with over of road construction and over a hundred stream crossings which greatly degraded watershed ability to store and filter water runoff. The untouched portion, however, is dense, old-growth forest with pristine watershed conditions.
This reserve of is public land and is under the stewardship of the US Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Of the total area, are old-growth redwood stands surrounded by of previously harvested timberlands, which were included in the purchase to protect the watershed related to the old growth forest. The reserve is located about southeast of Eureka, CA, but is managed by BLM officials from the agency's regional offices located in nearby Arcata, CA.
According to the BLM, "the reserve is set aside to protect and preserve the ecological and wildlife values in the area, particularly the stands of old-growth redwood that provide habitat for the threatened Marbled Murrelet, Northern Spotted Owl, native salmon stocks, and other old growth forest dependent species..."
As well as the stream systems that provide habitat for the threatened coho salmon.
Other forest trees in the Reserve include Douglas-fir, tanoak, Sitka spruce, western red ceder, western hemlock and red alder.
There are limited distribution ( CNPS list 4) plants in the Reserve including the heart-shaped twayblade and Kellogg's Lily.
The Headwaters Forest Reserve is one of the few remaining refuges for the endangered seabird the Marbled Murrelet. Marbled Murrelets make their nests on large redwood tree branches between March 25 and September 15. The seabird nesting can be disastrously disrupted by human activity. Visitors are restricted from entering the forest during breeding season, approximately June 25 to August 1.
It is the only forest reserve in the United States and is managed as a nature reserve of the BLM's National Landscape Conservation System.
Background.
The federal legislation (Public Law 105-83) authorizing the acquisition of the property resulted from an agreement between Department of the Interior and Pacific Lumber Company in September, 1996. This legislation established a specific boundary with access points, called for joint federal-state acquisition with the BLM the managing agency and the State of California having a conservation easement, and required a management plan for the forest. The California state easement gives the state oversight responsibility to ensure "all human activities with the Headwaters Forest shall be consistent with the stated goals and purposes..." The California Department of Fish and Wildlife represent the state's interest.
Agreement.
The agreement had two main parts: first, it provided $380 million of public funds for the purchase of the Reserve. Second, it required a Habitat Conservation Plan (HCP) be developed and approved to allow limited logging on the remaining of Pacific Lumber Company timberland. Headwaters Forest Reserve is the largest area of old-growth redwoods protected as a result of the Redwood Summer protests.
Federal and state legislation.
H.R. 2107 was passed by the US Congress on October 1997 which committed the government's share of $250 million of the purchase price. California provided its share of $130 million in Chapter 615, Statutes of 1998 with a requirement of stricter conditions regarding the Habitat Conservation Plan. Specifically, wider no-cut buffer zones, prohibitions on logging in certain areas, and a requirement for watershed analysis. Also, Chapter 615 authorized purchase of two additional portions, the Owl Creek, and the Grizzly Creek properties. Lastly, it provided Humboldt County with $12 million as economic assistance.

</doc>
<doc id="2864309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864309" title="2005 ISSF World Cup">
2005 ISSF World Cup

For the 2005 ISSF World Cup in the fifteen Olympic shooting events, the World Cup Final was held in August 2005 in Munich, Germany for the rifle and pistol events, and in November 2005 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates for the shotgun events.
Rifle and pistol.
The rifle and pistol World Cup Final in Munich, held from August 23 to August 28, was heavily dominated by Russia and China. Two world records were set during the competitions: Sergei Alifirenko's 589 in 25 m Rapid Fire Pistol was the best result of the year and hence also world record, as the rules were changed at the turn of the season, and Sergei Martynov achieved the maximum 600 in the qualification round of the Prone position event for a fourth time (although he was unable to retain his two-point lead through the final). The winners were:
Shotgun.
The shotgun competitions were held in Dubai from November 19 to November 25. Haley Dunn beat her own junior world record in the Skeet qualification round and went on to equal the final world record. In the men's Skeet competitions, two Cypriots equalled the qualification record, one of them proceeding with a perfect final and equalling the final record as well. The winners were:

</doc>
<doc id="2864311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864311" title="Rhombitrihexagonal tiling">
Rhombitrihexagonal tiling

In geometry, the rhombitrihexagonal tiling is a semiregular tiling of the Euclidean plane. There are one triangle, two squares, and one hexagon on each vertex. It has Schläfli symbol of rr{3,6}.
John Conway calls it a rhombihexadeltille. It can be considered a cantellated by Norman Johnson's terminology or an expanded hexagonal tiling by Alicia Boole Stott's operational language.
There are 3 regular and 8 semiregular tilings in the plane.
Uniform colorings.
There is only one uniform coloring in a rhombitrihexagonal tiling. (Naming the colors by indices around a vertex (3.4.6.4): 1232.)
With edge-colorings there is a half symmetry form (3*3) orbifold notation. The hexagons can be considered as truncated triangles, t{3} with two types of edges. It has Coxeter diagram , Schläfli symbol s2{3,6}. The bicolored square can be distorted into isosceles trapezoids. In the limit, where the rectangles degenerate into edges, a triangular tiling results, constructed as a snub triangular tiling, .
Related polyhedra and tilings.
There are eight uniform tilings that can be based from the regular hexagonal tiling (or the dual triangular tiling). Drawing the tiles colored as red on the original faces, yellow at the original vertices, and blue along the original edges, there are 8 forms, 7 which are topologically distinct. (The "truncated triangular tiling" is topologically identical to the hexagonal tiling.)
This tiling is topologically related as a part of sequence of cantellated polyhedra with vertex figure (3.4.n.4), and continues as tilings of the hyperbolic plane. These vertex-transitive figures have (*n32) reflectional symmetry.
The hexagonal cupola contains the pattern of this tiling, but closes it into a degenerate polygon with a dodecagon base.
Circle packing.
The Rhombitrihexagonal tiling can be used as a circle packing, placing equal diameter circles at the center of every point. Every circle is in contact with 4 other circles in the packing (kissing number). The gap inside each hexagon allows for one circle, for a denser packing with kissing number 5.
Deltoidal trihexagonal tiling.
The deltoidal trihexagonal tiling is a dual of the semiregular tiling known as the rhombitrihexagonal tiling. Conway calls it a tetrille. The edges of this tiling can be formed by the intersection overlay of the regular triangular tiling and a hexagonal tiling. Each kite face of this tiling has angles 120°, 90°, 60° and 90°. It is one of only eight tilings of the plane in which every edge lies on a line of symmetry of the tiling.
The deltoidal trihexagonal tiling is a dual of the semiregular tiling rhombitrihexagonal tiling. Its faces are deltoids or kites.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
This tiling has face transitive variations, that can distort the kites into bilateral trapezoids or more general quadrillaterals. Ignoring the face colors below, the fully symmetry is p6m, and the lower symmetry is p31m with 3 mirrors meeting at a point, and 3-fold rotation points.
This tiling is related to the trihexagonal tiling by dividing the triangles and hexagons into central triangles and merging neighboring triangles into kites.
The "deltoidal trihexagonal tiling" is a part of a set of uniform dual tilings, corresponding to the dual of the rhombitrihexagonal tiling.
Other deltoidal (kite) tiling.
Other deltoidal tilings are possible.
Point symmetry allows the plane to be filled by growing kites, with the topology as a square tiling, V4.4.4.4, and can be created by crossing string of a dream catcher. Below is an example with dihedral hexagonal symmetry.
Another face transitive tiling with kite faces, also a topological variation of a square tiling and with face configuration V4.4.4.4. It is also vertex transitive, with every vertex containing all orientations of the kite face.

</doc>
<doc id="2864312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864312" title="Canadair CC-109 Cosmopolitan">
Canadair CC-109 Cosmopolitan

The Canadair CL-66 was a turboprop version of the civilian Convairliner. The CC-109 Cosmopolitan or "Cosmo" in RCAF service became the standard VIP aircraft as well as replacing the Douglas Dakota and the North American B-25 Mitchell in light transport duties. After a lengthy career stretching into the 1990s, the CC-109 was replaced by the CC-142 Dash 8 and CC-144 Challenger.
Design and development.
With the close of production of the Convair CV-440 in San Diego, Canadair acquired the rights to the design along with the jigs, tooling and even three unsold 440s. With the availability of a Napier Eland turboprop conversion, the re-engined CV-440s became the CV-540, an all-cargo variant.
In 1958, the RCAF wanted to replace their aging C-47 Dakotas with a turbo powered aircraft. Their choice was the Vickers Viscount, but the Canadian government decided against this aircraft. Instead, Canadair offered a series of CV-540 variants powered by Napier Eland turboprops. The project was given the number CL-66 and three versions were considered. The CL-66A was to be a 48/64 passenger aircraft. The CL-66B designed to be a cargo/passenger configuration with a payload of 14200 lb. The CL-66C used the Convair-built CV-440s, having only their new engines fitted at Canadair.
The first CL-66 to fly was a “C” version with its first flight in February 1959; the CL-66B had its first flight in January 1960. No “A” versions were built.
Operational history.
Canadair was not able to get contracts from any major airline for the CL-66. It was too expensive and other similar types had better performance. The two aircraft, both of them CL-66Cs, that had been used for extensive sales demonstrations, were sold to the local carrier Quebecair. The RCAF took ten aircraft, mainly Bs. The Eland not only proved to be unreliable, but also did not deliver the expected power, consequently, the RCAF instituted an engine upgrade in 1966-1967, installing Allison 501-D36 engines. After eight airframes had been re-engined, the company phased out further development work on the type, "orphaning" the remaining final two Eland examples, which were subsequently scrapped.
No. 412 Squadron at CFB Ottawa (S), or "Uplands" flew the "Cosmo", from 1960 to 1994 as VIP transport. The Cosmopolitan aircraft were also deployed to Europe for Canadian NATO contingent support as well as to the US in support of Canadian NORAD operations.
Survivors.
One CC-109 aircraft (1967) was destroyed in RCAF service, one destroyed (2004) after retirement and sold to private owners. Two aircraft were scrapped by the CF in 1972.
Three aircraft were in storage in Canada (1 in Calgary and 2 in Saskatoon) and were owned privately. The remaining survivors were sold overseas for use or storage (Bolivia, Panama, Democratic Republic of Congo).
In 2011 five aircraft, 3 from Canada and 2 from Panama were acquired by Kelowna Flightcraft Ltd. and flown to Kelowna, BC to restored for use as freighters and water bombers. As of 2011 only one survivor remains overseas.
Operators.
Military
Civilian
All civilian version acquired from Canadian Forces after 1994 through sale in 1996:

</doc>
<doc id="2864313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864313" title="Christina Chambers">
Christina Chambers

Christina Mae Chambers (born October 24, 1969, in Alexandria, Virginia) is an American actress and model.
Private life.
Chambers was born into a family of academics, both parents holding doctorates (her father's in physics and her mother's in mathematics). She is the next-to-youngest of four siblings. Christina admits to being a tomboy at heart, and has never been very interested in her appearance. Her mother informed her at the age of six when she made her first acting debut that she looked petrified, however Christina says she always knew that she'd become an actress.
Career.
She studied Shakespeare at The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. and spent a semester in Stratford on Avon studying with the Royal Shakespeare Company, where she played the character Goneril in "King Lear". After joining the Shenandoah Shakespeare Express she went on tour and played Juliet in "Romeo & Juliet".
After leaving the tour, while in New York, that she took the big step away from Shakespeare. Chambers was spotted by a New York commercial agency who quickly signed her up, and by pure accident ended up signing with a New York modeling agent too. However, it wasn't until she met her acting agent Peter (who has agencies in New York and Los Angeles) during a New York showcase that her acting career started to accelerate.
Chambers became best known to soap fans as Maria Torres on the NBC soap opera "Sunset Beach" from 1998 to 1999.
In 2001 Chambers was cast on MTV's first and only soap opera "Spyder Games". She played the role of the devious Taylor Jones, who ended being the killer in the murder mystery that carried the show from start to end.
In summer 2004, Chambers was the recast after Lesli Kay left the role of Molly Conlan on "As the World Turns". She departed soon after her storyline ended. Also, in 2004, she portrayed actress Jaclyn Smith in "".
In November 2006, took over the role of Marty Saybrooke (last played by Susan Haskell) on "One Life to Live". In September 2007, it was announced that Chambers was fired from "OLTL" after only a year with the soap. She last aired December 4, 2007. Marty's original portrayer, Haskell returned in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="2864334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864334" title="Carla Geurts">
Carla Geurts

Carla Geurts (born 20 April 1971 in Geldrop) is a former freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Georgia, and the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia for the Netherlands. Geurts won three silver medals during her career at the European Swimming Championships. She retired in 2001, after the 2001 World Aquatics Championships in Fukuoka. 
Since September 2006, Geurts had been a professor of Kinesiology and Physiology at Brock University, in St. Catharines, Ontario. Geurts lives in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, since marrying swimming coach Andrew Cole in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2864335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864335" title="Yasaka">
Yasaka

Yasaka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864344" title="Spectrin">
Spectrin

Spectrin is a cytoskeletal protein that lines the intracellular side of the plasma membrane in eukaryotic cells. The protein is named spectrin since it was first isolated as a major protein component of human red blood cells which had been treated with mild detergents; the detergents lysed the cells and the hemoglobin and other cytoplasmic components were washed out. In the light microscope the basic shape of the red blood cell could still be seen as the spectrin containing submembranous cytoskeleton preserved the shape of the cell in outline. This became known as a red blood cell "ghost", and so the major protein of the ghost was named spectrin. Spectrin forms pentagonal or hexagonal arrangements, forming a scaffolding and playing an important role in maintenance of plasma membrane integrity and cytoskeletal structure. The hexagonal arrangements are formed by tetramers of spectrin subunits associating with short actin filaments at either end of the tetramer. These short actin filaments act as junctional complexes allowing the formation of the hexagonal mesh.
In certain types of brain injury such as diffuse axonal injury, spectrin is irreversibly cleaved by the proteolytic enzyme calpain, destroying the cytosketelon. Spectrin cleavage causes the membrane to form blebs and ultimately to be degraded, usually leading to the death of the cell. Spectrin subunits may also be cleaved by caspase family enzymes, and calpain and caspase produce different spectrin breakdown products which can be detected by western blotting with appropriate antibodies. Calpain cleavage may indicate activation of necrosis, while caspase cleavage may indicate apoptosis.
Spectrin in erythrocytes.
The convenience of using erythrocytes compared to other cell types means they have become the standard model for the investigation of the spectrin cytoskeleton. Dimeric spectrin is formed by the lateral association of αI and βI monomers to form a dimer. Dimers then associate in a head-to-head formation to produce the tetramer. End-to-end association of these tetramers with short actin filaments produces the hexagonal complexes observed. 
In humans, association with the intracellular face of the plasma membrane is by indirect interaction, through direct interactions with protein 4.1 and ankyrin, with the transmembrane ion transporter band 3 Protein 4.2 binds the spectrin tail region to the transmembrane protein glycophorin A. In animals, spectrin forms the meshwork that provides red blood cells their shape.
The erythrocyte model demonstrates the importance of the spectrin cytoskeleton in that mutations in spectrin commonly cause hereditary defects of the erythrocyte, including hereditary elliptocytosis and rarely hereditary spherocytosis.
Spectrin in invertebrates.
There are three spectrins in invertebrates, α,β and βH. A mutation in β spectrin in "C. elegans" results in an uncoordinated phenotype in which the worms are paralysed and much shorter than wild-type. In addition to the morphological effects, the Unc-70 mutation also produce defective neurons. Neuron numbers are normal but neuronal outgrowth was defective. 
Similarly, spectrin plays a role in "Drosophila" neurons. Knock-out of α or β spectrin in "D. melanogaster" results in neurons that are morphologically normal but have reduced neurotransmission at the neuromuscular junction.
In animals, spectrin forms the meshwork that provides red blood cells their shape.
Spectrin in vertebrates.
Vertebrate spectrin genes.
The spectrin gene family has undergone expansion during evolution. Rather than the one α and two β genes in invertebrates, there are two α spectrins (αI and αII) and five β spectrins (βI to V), named in the order of discovery.
In humans, the genes are: 
The production of spectrin is promoted by the transcription factor GATA1.
Role of spectrin in muscle tissue.
Some evidence for the role of spectrins in muscle tissues exist. In myocardial cells, aII spectrin distribution is coincident with Z-discs and the plasma membrane of myofibrils. Additionally, mice with an ankyrin (ankB) knock-out have disrupted calcium homeostasis in the myocardia. Affected mice have disrupted z-band and sarcomere morphology. In this experimental model ryanodine and IP3 receptors have abnormal distribution in cultured myocytes. The calcium signaling of the cultured cells is disrupted. 
In humans, a mutation within the AnkB gene results in the long QT syndrome and sudden death, strengthening the evidence for a role for the spectrin cytoskeleton in excitable tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="2864355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864355" title="Palisade cell">
Palisade cell

Palisade cells are plant cells found within the mesophyll in leaves of many plants, right below the upper epidermis and cuticle. They are vertically elongated, a different shape from spongy mesophyll cells beneath them in the leaf. Their chloroplasts absorb a major portion of the light energy used by the leaf. Palisade cells occur in dicotyledonous plants, and also in the net-veined monocots, the Araceae and Dioscoreaceae.
Structure.
Palisade cells contain the largest number of chloroplasts per cell, which makes them the primary site of photosynthesis in the leaves of those plants that contain them, converting the energy in light to the chemical energy of carbohydrates 
Beneath the palisade mesophyll are the spongy mesophyll cells, which also perform photosynthesis. They are irregularly-shaped cells that have many intercellular spaces that allow the passage of gases, such as the carbon dioxide needed for photosynthesis.
Palisade cells are chlorenchyma cells, i.e., parenchyma cells containing chloroplasts.
References.
Holt Science & Technology "Microorganisms, Fungi, and Plants", Holt, Rinehart and Winston

</doc>
<doc id="2864356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864356" title="The Hall of Presidents">
The Hall of Presidents

The Hall of Presidents is an attraction located in Liberty Square at the Magic Kingdom in the Walt Disney World Resort. The attraction is a multi-media presentation and stage show featuring Audio-Animatronic figures of all 43 individual U.S. Presidents. It opened on October 1, 1971, along with the rest of the Magic Kingdom and Walt Disney World. It is housed in a building that resembles Philadelphia's Independence Hall.
History.
One Nation Under God.
Walt Disney had originally wanted an attraction similar to the "Hall of Presidents" called "One Nation Under God" at Disneyland Park at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California USA. After Disneyland had become a huge success, Disney proposed an extension of Main Street, U.S.A. called Liberty Street at Edison Square. Disney originally wanted wax figures of all the U.S. Presidents, and later decided to try to make them animated figures, but the technology that he wanted for this attraction did not exist or fully meet his desire. Disney decided to collaborate with his fellow Imagineers of WED Enterprises to try to make the first Audio-Animatronic figure in a human form. It would be one of Disney's heroes: Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States.
Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln.
Disney and his Imagineers created an Audio-Animatronic figure of Abraham Lincoln, more advanced than the ones produced for the Illinois Pavilion at the 1964-1965 New York World's Fair. The show consisted of a pre-show film on a screen with a depiction of paintings done to represent Illinois. Guests then entered the main theater where the theater curtains eventually were removed to reveal the figure of Abraham Lincoln sitting in a chair. He rose out of the chair, stood up, and gave a 5-7 minute oratory consisting of a collection of his famous speeches. 
The show concluded with more theater curtains revealing the Rotunda of the United States Capitol Building. While the original version of the show that played in New York during its showing at the Fair was eventually dismantled and demolished, a similar version was created even while the Fair was going on in 1965. "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln" was closed down for Disneyland's 50th anniversary in 2005, but was re-opened in 2009.
Liberty Square.
After Disney's death on December 15, 1966, plans were moving ahead for the (still under construction) Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. Since there was going to be another Disneyland-style theme park, this time officially known as the Magic Kingdom, Imagineers felt that one of the changes that would differ between Disneyland and the Magic Kingdom should be in one of the themed lands. The Imagineers decided that since Florida was close to the real New Orleans in Louisiana, having a New Orleans Square in the Magic Kingdom was a bit superfluous. The old designs and concepts for Disney's Liberty Street at Edison Square were reviewed, revised, and what became of it was the Magic Kingdom's Liberty Square, that served as the alternative to New Orleans Square. Liberty Square also serves as the alternative location for the Magic Kingdom's version of the Haunted Mansion, which is located at New Orleans Square in Disneyland. The Imagineers also thought that, as a follow-up to "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln", they could finally create Disney's concept of "One Nation Under God", and thus the creating the Hall of Presidents.
The attraction.
The original show.
The show begins with a film presentation of the history of the United States of America. It shows that the American way was forged through conflict and many long years of struggle. The main idea of the film is that the United States is not free from improvements. It is certain changes that prove necessary over the years. The film also celebrates the liberties of the American people, the United States Constitution, and the progress of America in its early years. With the help of paintings from the era, the Philadelphia Convention is reenacted. 
George Washington (voiced by Disney veteran Paul Frees) and Benjamin Franklin are heard making speeches to the Convention. They assured all that this government was going to be different. After the formation of the Constitution, the first test of the new republic was the Whiskey Rebellion, which proved that the government would use force to "ensure domestic tranquility. "Years later, President Andrew Jackson was the first to deal with secession by the Southern states. Luckily, the talk was quelled and Jackson escaped the threat. 
The film then segues to the time of Abraham Lincoln, when secession was a real threat. These paintings and vocal performances are similar, if not identical, to the same segment in the "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln" presentation. The American Civil War portion of the presentation is based on the "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln" presentation, including a nearly identical script, although, to fit the much bigger screen of the theater, rather than the much smaller one at Disneyland, new paintings were required to fill the screen. The Constitution survived the conflict, making America a truly unified nation.
A huge era of progress occurred after the war. All the while, the Constitution remained the tent pole of the country. The film then turns toward the future, saying that the leaders of tomorrow have to be committed to the Constitution and its principles, if the country is to survive. A Saturn V rocket takes off, and the screens then lift up, and the U.S. Presidents take center stage. After the curtain lifts, all (then) 36 presidents are called, in chronological order. (At the time the attraction opened in 1971, the roll call ended with Richard M. Nixon. Over time, each newly elected President would have an Audio-Animatronic version of himself added to the show in their likeness.) 
Each one responds to their name with a nod, wave, or other sign of acknowledgment. During the presentation, the Presidents fidget, talk to each other, and look around; all the while making the illusion seem quite real. Abraham Lincoln then stands and takes center stage. His speech is remarkably similar to the speech he gave in "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln". After his speech, the show concludes with a rendition of "The Battle Hymn of the Republic," (the same rendition used in "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln"). However, as of 2009, the Battle Hymn of the Republic was replaced with America the Beautiful, but it reverted to "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" in 2011).
Changes.
The original show remained virtually unchanged from 1971 until October 1993. Additional Audio-Animatronic figures of Gerald R. Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush were then added when each entered into office. Lawrence Dobkin continued to be the narrator, and re-recorded the roll-call for each new addition. The only major feature that changed before 1993 was the original adaptation of "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" that served as part of the finale of the show. It was the same adaptation used in "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln". The adaptation was done in a lower key, and instead changed for a revised adaptation in a higher key. 
The show closed in early September 1993 and was then completely renovated and re-opened in October 1993, after Bill Clinton had been elected to office. The changes to the show, which in some form remain to this day, are credited to Eric Foner, a history professor at Columbia University. He was able to persuade various Disney executives, most notably then-Disney CEO Michael Eisner, that a new adaptation of the show was needed. Foner is responsible for completely rewriting and changing the script of the show in order to focus more on slavery and other ethical and civil related issues in the United States of America. He is also responsible for rewriting Lincoln's speech, which was originally nearly identical to that which Lincoln gave in the original version of "Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln."
While the format of the show remained in the sense of the photos, films, and other features used in the film and elsewhere in the presentation, the speed at which the films played, and what was shown on them was redone to fit the changed script. A new music score was also introduced.
Also, no longer would prominent members of the Disney Company narrate parts of the film. Instead, Maya Angelou narrated the revised script and gave the roll-call of the U.S. Presidents. New amateur actors gave the voices of the characters in the film. Another feature that was added in 1993 was a speech given by the sitting U.S. President. Foner is responsible for writing the speech which President Clinton himself recorded at the White House. Followed by the current U.S. President's speech, Abraham Lincoln would give the completely revised speech written by Foner. The Lincoln Audio-Animatronic figure was also given eyeglasses, and held a piece of paper to glance to and from his speech. Some objected to this, saying that it dumbed down the depiction of Lincoln as a prominent and iconic figure.
For the 2001 update to the show, adding President George W. Bush and his speech, actor J.D. Hall replaced Angelou as the narrator, but he read from the same script as the 1993 version. The Audio-Animatronic figure created for Clinton in 1993 was recycled and used for Bush; Clinton is now a lesser Audio-Animatronic figure.
Before the 2009 updates to the show, including the addition of President Barack Obama, the Hall of Presidents was closed between October 31, 2008, and July 1, 2009, to undergo an extensive renovation to upgrade its audio and visual effects and systems. When Obama recorded his speech for the updated show on March 4, 2009, in the White House Map Room, he also recorded himself once again reciting the oath of office of the President of the United States. According to Pam Fisher, the senior show writer for Walt Disney Imagineering, "it is quite an experience to arrive in the White House and actually be present when the president records his speech for the Hall of Presidents." Morgan Freeman replaced Hall as narrator for the 2009 revised show, and George Washington was added as a third speaking president. The clip of the Saturn V launch was replaced with footage showing the first launch of the Space Shuttle Columbia. This footage had been recycled from the original version of Universe of Energy at Epcot.

</doc>
<doc id="2864360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864360" title="Pertussis toxin">
Pertussis toxin

Pertussis toxin (PT) is a protein-based AB5-type exotoxin produced by the bacterium "Bordetella pertussis", which causes whooping cough. PT is involved in the colonization of the respiratory tract and the establishment of infection. Research suggests PT may have a therapeutic role in treating a number of common human ailments, including hypertension, viral inhibition, and autoimmune inhibition.
History.
PT clearly plays a central role in the pathogenesis of pertussis, as this was discovered only in the early 1980s. The appearance of pertussis is quite recent, compared with other epidemic infectious diseases. The earliest mention of pertussis, or whooping cough, is of an outbreak in Paris in 1414. This was published in Moulton’s The Mirror of Health, in 1640. Another epidemic of pertussis took place in Paris in 1578 and was described by a contemporary observer, Guillaume de Baillou. Pertussis was well known throughout Europe by the middle of the 18th century. Jules Bordet and Octave Gengou described in 1900 the finding of a new “ovoid bacillus” in the sputum of a 6-month-old infant with whooping cough. They were also the first to cultivate "Bordetella pertussis" at the Pasteur Institute in Brussels in 1906.
One difference between the different species of "Bordetella" is that "B. pertussis" produces PT and the other species do not. "Bordetella parapertussis" shows the most similarity to "B. pertussis" and was therefore used for research determining the role of PT in causing the typical symptoms of whooping cough. Rat studies showed the development of paroxysmal coughing, a characteristic for whooping cough, occurred in rats infected with "B. pertussis". Rats infected with "B. parapertussis" or a PT-deficient mutant of "B. pertussis" did not show this symptom; neither of these two strains produced PT.
Structure.
A large group of bacterial exotoxins are referred to as "A/B toxins", in essence because they are formed from two subunits. The "A" subunit possesses enzyme activity, and is transferred to the host cell following a conformational change in the membrane-bound transport "B" subunit. Pertussis toxin is an exotoxin with six subunits (named "S1" through "S5"—each complex contains two copies of "S4"). The subunits are arranged in "A-B" structure: the "A" component is enzymatically active and is formed from the S1 subunit, while the "B" component is the receptor-binding portion and is made up of subunits S2–S5. The subunits are encoded by "ptx" genes encoded on a large PT operon that also includes additional genes that encode Ptl proteins. Together, these proteins form the PT secretion complex.
Mechanism of pathogenesis.
PT is released from "B. pertussis" in an inactive form. Following PT binding to a cell membrane receptor, it is taken up in an endosome, after which it undergoes retrograde transport to the trans-Golgi network and endoplasmic reticulum. At some point during this transport, the A subunit (or protomer) becomes activated, perhaps through the action of glutathione and ATP. PT catalyzes the ADP-ribosylation of the αi subunits of the heterotrimeric G protein. This prevents the G proteins from interacting with G protein-coupled receptors on the cell membrane, thus interfering with intracellular communication. The Gi subunits remain locked in their GDP-bound, inactive state, thus unable to inhibit adenylyl cyclase activity, leading to increased cellular concentrations of cAMP.
Increased intracellular cAMP affects normal biological signaling. The toxin causes several systemic effects, among which is an increased release of insulin, causing hypoglycemia. Whether the effects of pertussis toxin are responsible for the paroxysmal cough remains unknown. 
As a result of this unique mechanism, PT has also become widely used as a biochemical tool to ADP-ribosylate GTP-binding proteins in the study of signal transduction. It has also become an essential component of new acellular vaccines.
Effects on the immune system.
PT has been shown to affect the innate immune response. It inhibits the early recruitment of neutrophils and macrophages, and interferes with the early chemokine production and the inhibition of the neutrophil chemotaxis. Chemokines are signaling molecules produced by infected cells and attract neutrophils and macrophages. Neutrophil chemotaxis is thought to be disrupted by inhibiting G-protein-coupled chemokine receptors by the ADP-ribosylation of Gi proteins.
Because of the disrupted signaling pathways, synthesis of chemokines will be affected. This will prevent the infected cell from producing them and thereby inhibiting recruitment of neutrophils. Under normal circumstances, alveolar macrophages and other lung cells produce a variety of chemokines. PT has been found to inhibit the early transcription of keratinocyte-derived chemokine, macrophage inflammatory protein 2 and LPS-induced CXC chemokine. Eventually, PT causes lymphocytosis, one of the systemic manifestations of whooping cough.
PT, a decisive virulence determinant of "B. pertussis", is able to cross the blood–brain barrier by increasing its permeability. As a result, PT can cause severe neurological complications; however, recently it has been found that the medicinal usage of "Pertussis" toxin can promote the development of regulatory T cells and prevent central nervous system autoimmune disease, such as multiple sclerosis.
Metabolism.
PT is known to dissociate into two parts in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER): the enzymatically active A subunit (S1) and the cell-binding B subunit. The two subunits are separated by proteolic cleavage. The B subunit will undergo ubiquitin-dependent degradation by the 26S proteasome. However, the A subunit lacks lysine residues, which are essential for ubiquitin-dependent degradation. Therefore, PT subunit A will not be metabolized like most other proteins.
PT is heat-stable and protease-resistant, but once the A and B are separated, these properties change. The B subunit will stay heat-stable at temperatures up to 60°C, but it is susceptible to protein degradation. PT subunit A, on the other hand, is less susceptible to ubiquitin-dependent degradation, but is unstable at temperature of 37°C. This facilitates unfolding of the protein in the ER and tricks the cell into transporting the A subunit to the cytosol, where normally unfolded proteins will be marked for degradation. So, the unfolded conformation will stimulate the ERAD-mediated translocation of PT A into the cytosol. Once in the cytosol, it can bind to NAD and form a stable, folded protein again. Being thermally unstable is also the Achilles heel of PT subunit A. As always, there is an equilibrium between the folded and unfolded states. When the protein is unfolded, it is susceptible to degradation by the 20S proteasome, which can degrade only unfolded proteins.

</doc>
<doc id="2864361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864361" title="Amarillo College">
Amarillo College

Amarillo College (AC) is a two-year community college in Amarillo, Texas with over 10,000 students that was established in 1929 as Amarillo Junior College. Amarillo College has a total of six campuses as of October 2005.
As defined by the Texas Legislature, the official service area of AC includes all of Carson, Castro, Deaf Smith, Moore, Oldham, Parmer, Potter, Randall, and Swisher Counties.
History.
Prior to 1929, Amarillo was the largest Texas city without a public college. George Ordway and James Guleke helped to introduce a house bill that would establish junior college districts in the Amarillo area. On July 16, 1929, AC became the first Texas junior college district to be organized independent of a school district. The first classes were held later that year in September. The college moved to its main campus on Washington Street in 1937.
In 1951, AC became one of the first three publicly supported Texas college to admit blacks to undergraduate classes. The others were Texas Southmost College in Brownsville and Howard County Junior College in Big Spring. ("The AC Story: Journal of a College," Joe F. Taylor, 1979)
Amarillo College was the host of a men's basketball team from the1960s through several years in the 1970s. In 1970 the team was ranked 9th in the nation in pre-season rankings and spent a good part of the season in the top ten among junior colleges in the nation. The conference included New Mexico JC, Odessa College, Frank Phillips College, New Mexico Military Institute, Howard County College, South Plains College and Clarendon College. 
Amarillo also had a men's and women's tennis team as well as a men's golf team in the 1960s and 1970s. In 1971 the AC golf team finished sixth in conference action.
In 1999 the Amarillo College's Fencing Team was initiated and the Amarillo College Fencing Association. Both clubs are sanctioned by the United States Fencing Association. Juleah Nusz, an Amarillo College fencer, is a national United States Fencing Association Champion, and under the guidance of Coach Chuck Slaughter.
Campuses.
Washington Street Campus.
The college's main and original campus is located near downtown Amarillo. As of 2005, the campus expands to nearly with 17 buildings. It has its own radio and television studios which is home to the Texas Panhandle region's PBS member station, KACV-TV. The Amarillo Art Center is also located in this campus, opened in 1972, is a building complex with an art museum and concert hall.
West Campus.
The West Campus was opened in 1966 in response to growing demand for allied health and occupational technology programs. The campus houses fifteen allied health programs that includes Associate Degree Registered Nursing, Dentist Aide, Dental Hygiene, Emergency Medical Services Professions (Paramedics and Emergency Medical Technologists), Licensed Vocational Nursing, Medical Data Specialist, Medical Laboratory Technology, Nuclear Medicine Technology, Occupational Therapy Assistant, Physical Therapy Assisting, Pharmacy Technology, Radiography, Radiation Therapy, Respiratory Care and Surgical Technology. The West Campus also houses the Panhandle Regional Law Enforcement Academy, an academy accredited by TCLEOSE. The campus is located near Amarillo's hospital district.
Polk Street Campus.
The campus is located in downtown Amarillo. In 1977, Amarillo College leased two gyms from the Amarillo Senior Citizens Association (ASCA), formerly of Amarillo High School and Elizabeth Nixson Junior High School. In 1996, the old Amarillo High School gymnasium was transformed into Business & Industry Center which houses an auditorium, an exhibit hall and classrooms for seminars, short courses, and computer training. The facility is used to workforce training for business and industry.
East Campus.
In 1995, the Texas state legislature created Amarillo Technical Center after transferring Texas State Technical College's Amarillo facility to Amarillo College. In 2002, the campus was renamed Amarillo College East Campus.
The campus offers technology courses in Auto Collision, Automotive, Aviation Maintenance, Diesel Mechanics, Electronics, Fire Protection, Industrial Maintenance, Instrument and Control, and Safety and Environmental.
The campus is sparsely developed, consisting of old buildings from the TSTC days (which itself were donated when Amarillo Air Force Base closed) and a residential community called Highland Park Village (consisting of old military housing duplexes, from which the nearby school district takes its name), currently managed by the college.
Campuses outside of Amarillo.
In 2000, Amarillo College started operating a campus outside of Amarillo in Dumas, Texas. The college opened a sixth campus in Hereford, the seat of Deaf Smith County on August 29, 2005. KPAN AM&FM radio broadcaster Clint Formby raised $89,000 in scholarships for student attending the Hereford campus.

</doc>
<doc id="2864366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864366" title="Charles Dickinson">
Charles Dickinson

Charles Dickinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2864371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864371" title="Steve Hanley (rugby union)">
Steve Hanley (rugby union)

Steven Melvyn Hanley (born 11 June 1979) is a former rugby union footballer who played on the wing for the Sale Sharks, signing with the club in 1998. In 1999, Hanley played his only Test for England. He was Sale's "Player of the Year" in 2004. After suffering a back injury in December 2007, Hanley retired in July 2008 after being told by doctors he would not recover well enough to play professional rugby. He scored 104 tries in 191 games, 75 of which were in the Premiership. After retiring from playing rugby, Hanley joined Sale's commercial department.
Playing career.
Starting out and early international recognition.
born 11 June 1979 in Whitehaven, England, Hanley signed with Sale Sharks in 1998. With a Grand Slam on the cards, Hanley was one of two Sale players to make their international debut in England's final match of their 1999 Five Nations campaign along with Barrie-Jon Mather. Although Hanley scored a try, he also was handed-off by Craig Quinnell and suffered a broken arm as Wales won 32–31. It was the only match Hanley would play for the senior England team. It was never explained to him why he was not selected again, although there was speculation that his defence need to be improved. In 2001, he trained with rugby league side St Helens to improve his defence. Reflecting in 2005 on why he was unable to break into the England team after 1999, Hanley said "They had a settled side under Clive and once you were in, it was hard to get out as the team was winning all the time".
The club moved from Heywood Road in Sale to Edgeley Park in Stockport in 2003. A mixed season saw Sale win at Welford Road for the first time, and later become the first club to score six tries in a match at the same venue; progress to the final of the Powergen Cup where they were defeated 37–33 by Newcastle Falcons; and fail to qualify for the Heineken Cup. Hanley was named the club's "Player of the Season". Philippe Saint-André joined Sale as their coach in March 2004. Speaking in 2005 of Saint-André's effect on Sale, Hanley noted that "He has brought a lot of different ideas to the club, people have stood up and taken notice of him. He has a special interest in his wingers and has lots of good ideas and little technical things only a player who has played the class of rugby he has would know."
In the final Premiership match of the 2004/05 season, Hanley suffered a broken leg. The injury was sustained in a 22–43 defeat to London Wasps in May as Sale finished third in the league. It forced him to miss the European Challenge Cup final against Pau, although he had played in every match of the club's campaign. Sale won 27–3, their first piece of silverware since 2002. Hanley scored 15 tries in the season, nine of which were in the Premiership. Sale's back three – made up of Hanley, Mark Cueto, and Jason Robinson – scored more tries than any other club's.
There was a friendly rivalry between Hanley and fellow Sale winger Mark Cueto to see who would finish each season as the club's leading try-scorer. Hanley recovered from his broken leg and returned to first team rugby on 17 August 2005, scoring a try in Sale's 26–23 win over Castres Olympique in the Heineken Cup. In 2006, Hanley was named Sale's "Community Player of the Season".
Injury and retirement.
During a Challenge Cup match against Bayonne in December 2007, Hanley suffered a back injury. Unable to recover, in July 2008 he announced his retirement from rugby. In his ten-year career with Sale, he played 191 matches, scoring 104 tries. According to Hanley, "the medical advice is that I will not be able to play Premiership rugby again". He finished his career with 75 Premiership tries, a record at the time surpassed by his great rival at Sale Sharks, Mark Cueto in 2013. The following season, 2008/09, the club held a testimonial for Hanley. He commented that "For me, its been so nice to get back in touch with everybody. You play with these guys for so long and when you are in a rugby environment they are some of your best mates. But when they drift away you tend to lose contact with people so it has been brilliant to catch up with so many old friends."
He has retained connections with Sale since retiring from playing and works in club's commercial department.

</doc>
