<doc id="2900882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900882" title="National Clandestine Service">
National Clandestine Service

The National Clandestine Service (NCS) (known as the Directorate of Plans from 1951 to 1973 and as the Directorate of Operations from 1973 to 2005) is one of the US Central Intelligence Agency's four main components.
Created in 2005, the NCS "serves as the clandestine arm of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the national authority for the coordination, de-confliction, and evaluation of clandestine operations across the Intelligence Community of the United States". The NCS' current Director is not disclosed; although it is reported by some mainstream media sources to be Frank Archibald (former Director of the CIA Western Hemisphere Division).
History.
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in 2001, a report by the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001, conducted by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the report released by the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, identified serious shortcomings in the Intelligence Community's HUMINT capabilities, ranging from the lack of qualified linguists to the lack of Community-wide information sharing. These efforts resulted in the passage of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act in 2004, which created the position of the Director of National Intelligence and tasked the CIA's Director with developing a "strategy for improving the human intelligence and other capabilities of the Agency."
In 2004, Senator Pat Roberts, the Senate Intelligence Committee's Chairman, drafted the 9/11 National Security Protection Act in which he proposed that the Directorate of Operations be removed from the CIA and established as an independent agency known as the National Clandestine Service. The NCS' creation was also recommended by the Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States Regarding Weapons of Mass Destruction. The Commission's investigation found that HUMINT capabilities had been severely degraded since the end of the Cold War and were ill-suited for targeting non-state actors such as terrorist organizations. The Commission also noted that HUMINT operations were poorly coordinated between the various federal entities who conducted them and encouraged the development of better methods of validating human sources, in light of the revelations about the source known as Curveball.
Beginning its study of the Intelligence Community in 1995, a non-governmental group including former National Security Agency Director William E. Odom, former Defense Intelligence Agency Director Harry E. Soyster, former DIA Director and Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper, and former General Counsel for the CIA and the NSA Elizabeth Rindskopf Parker, issued a report, first in 1997 and in an updated form in 2002, which recommended the NCS' creation.
The CIA announced the NCS' creation in a press release on October 13, 2005. Contrary to Senator Roberts' proposal, the NCS would be a component of the CIA, rather than an independent executive branch agency.
Predecessors.
The Directorate of Operations (DO) was the CIA's branch that conducted covert operations and recruited foreign agents. It was led by the Deputy Director for Plans (later renamed as the Deputy Director for Operations) and reportedly employed 1,000–2,000 people. The DO consisted of, among other subdivisions, a unit for political and economic covert action (the Covert Action Staff, or CAS), for paramilitary (PM) covert action (the Special Operations unit), for counterintelligence (the CI staff, or CIS), and for several geographic desks responsible for the collection of foreign intelligence. It was created on August 1, 1952, as the Directorate of Plans and was renamed the Directorate of Operations on March 1, 1973.
The Directorate also housed special groups for conducting counter-narcotics and counter-terrorism, for tracking nuclear proliferation, and other tasks. Administrated by the DO, the paramilitary operations officers from the legendary Special Operations Group (or SOG, no relation to the Vietnam-era CIA group) are maintained in the elite Special Activities Division (SAD). They are highly skilled in weaponry; covert transport of personnel and material by air, sea, and land; guerrilla warfare; the use of explosives; assassination and sabotage; and escape and evasion techniques. They are prepared to respond quickly to myriad possible needs, from parachute drops and communications support to assistance with counter-narcotics operations and defector infiltration. SAD maintains a symbiotic relationship with the Joint Special Operations Command, and is largely run by former JSOC members.
SAD/SOG is a special operations force, along with the military's four special mission units:
In the 2003 book, "Special OPS: America's Elite Forces in 21st Century Combat", the author states:
For special operations missions and its other responsibilities, the Special Operations staff attempted to recruit people with the appropriate specialized skills, although the geographic desks remain the principal units involved in the recruitment of personnel in so-called denied areas (Libya, Iran, Iraq, etc.). Special operations also provided special air, ground, maritime and training support for the Agency's intelligence gathering operations.
The Directorate has been subject to harsh criticism in the media, and due to its covert and independent nature did not, or could not, effectively respond. Its capabilities had been in decline since the public outcry resulting from the Church Committee's revelations of the DO's highly questionable activities. Furthermore, the DO fought frequent ""turf"" battles amongst the Executive Branch bureaucracies, most prominently with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Defense and State Departments. These factors became key reasons for the NCS's inception.
Organization.
The NCS is structured under its Director as follows:
A major headquarters element was the Counterintelligence Staff, most powerful when led by James Jesus Angleton. It was the principal U.S. organization responsible for vetting potential new Clandestine HUMINT assets, and for U.S. offensive counterespionage and deception.
Under an assortment of names, such as Special Activities Division, there is a paramilitary function that may enter and prepare an area of operations before U.S. Army Special Forces enter in a more overt military role. This may or may not include psychological operations, especially black propaganda; paramilitary and psychological functions have split and joined under various historical reorganizations.
Various groups provide support services, such as cover documentation and disguise. A technical services unit, sometimes in the clandestine division and occasionally in the Directorate of Science and Technology, contained both espionage equipment development and sometimes questionable research, such as the MKULTRA mind control program.
Directors.
"See Director of the National Clandestine Service for a full list of Directors since 1951."
NCS officers.
The NCS consists of four career categories of officers:
Below are brief descriptions of the four principal categories and where applicable the sub-categories of Clandestine Service Officers. For a more detailed description, visit the CIA website.
1) Operations Officers (OO): focus full-time on "clandestinely spotting, assessing, developing, recruiting, and handling individuals with access to vital foreign intelligence".
2) Collection Management Officers (CMO) "oversee and facilitate the collection, evaluation, classification, and dissemination of foreign intelligence developed from clandestine sources." They ensure that "foreign intelligence collected by clandestine sources is relevant, timely, and addresses the highest foreign policy and national security needs".
3) Staff Operations Officers (SOO) are based out of CIA Headquarters in Washington, D.C., and "plan, guide and support intelligence collection operations, counterintelligence activities and covert action programs""."
4) Specialized Skills Officers (SSO) consist of a diverse group of "Information Resource Officers, Language Officers, Paramilitary Operations Officers, Programs and Plans Officers, and Targeting Officers—many of which are Core Collector certified". SSOs conduct and/or directly support CIA operations leveraging their language, media, technical skills and/or military experience. Qualified candidates can expect to focus on human intelligence operations and activities as defined by the Intelligence Community.
Officers in this career track will directly support and drive complex worldwide NCS operations to develop actionable intelligence against the highest priority threats to U.S. national security.
Qualified candidates can expect to focus on intelligence operations and activities for U.S. policymakers in hazardous and austere overseas environments.
The NCS' primary action arm is the Special Activities Division, which conducts direct action-like raids, ambushes, sabotage, assassinations, unconventional warfare (e.g. training and leading guerrillas), and deniable psychological operations, the latter also known as "covert influence". While special reconnaissance may be either a military or intelligence operation, these usually are executed by SAD officers in denied areas. Paramilitary Operations Officers are chosen mainly from the ranks of U.S. special operations forces. SAD operatives are the most specialized because they combine the best special operations and clandestine intelligence capabilities in one individual. They operate in any environment (sea, air, or ground), with limited to no support. They originate in the SAD's Special Operations Group (SOG), considered one of the most elite special operations units in the world. 
Program and Plans Officers devise, oversee and carry out a variety of particularly unique, complex and long-term clandestine operational activities primarily of a non-paramilitary nature, but often in support of paramilitary programs. Language Officers 'Perform a critical and dynamic function within the NCS, the Language Officer applies advanced foreign language skills, experience, and expertise to provide high-quality translation, interpretation, and language-related support for a variety of NCS clandestine operations."
Covert action.
A covert action is defined as "an activity or activities of the United States government to influence political, economic, or military conditions abroad, where it is intended that the role of the United States Government will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly". A covert operation differs from a clandestine operation in that emphasis is placed on concealment of the identity of the sponsor rather than on concealment of the operation.
Covert operations include paramilitary and psychological activities. See Psychological Operations (United States) for a more general discussion of U.S. psychological operations, including those operations for which the CIA is responsible and those that belong to other agencies.
Executive Order 12333 bans assassinations by persons employed by or acting on behalf of the United States government.
Clandestine HUMINT collection.
Legal authorities
A number of statutes, executive orders, and directives assign the task of conducting HUMINT operations to the CIA:
1) By federal statute, the CIA's Director is tasked with the collection of intelligence through human sources and by other appropriate means.
2) Executive Order 12333 states, "The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall coordinate the clandestine collection of foreign intelligence collected through human sources such as 'moles' or other human-enabled means and counterintelligence activities outside the United States."
3) National Security Council Intelligence Directive No. 5 (NSCID 5) provides that: "The Director of Central Intelligence shall conduct all organized Federal espionage operations outside the United States and its possessions for the collection of foreign intelligence information required to meet the needs of all Departments and Agencies concerned, in connection with the national security, except for certain agreed activities by other Departments and Agencies."
4) Intelligence Community Directive Number 340 designates the CIA as the National HUMINT Manager.
Tradecraft
Techniques for the clandestine collection of HUMINT are collectively known as tradecraft. A discussion of many of these techniques can be found at Clandestine HUMINT operational techniques.
Very few statutes and publicly available regulations deal specifically with clandestine HUMINT techniques. One such statute forbids the use of journalists as agents unless the President makes the written determination to waive this restriction based on the "overriding national security interest of the United States". In the Intelligence Authorization Act for the Fiscal Year 2002, Congress instructed the CIA's Director to rescind what Congress viewed as overly restrictive guidelines regarding the recruitment of foreign assets who had a record of human rights violations.
Camp Peary (also referred to as "The Farm"), near Williamsburg, Virginia, is purportedly a CIA training facility for clandestine operatives.
Clandestine technical collection.
The Agency also may be responsible for developing communications systems appropriate for clandestine operations. In 1962, the Central Intelligence Agency, Deputy Directorate for Research (now the Deputy Directorate for Science and Technology), formally took on ELINT and COMINT responsibilities. "The consolidation of the ELINT program was one of the major goals of the reorganization... it is responsible for:
"CIA's Office of Research and Development was formed to stimulate research and innovation testing leading to the exploitation of non-agent intelligence collection methods...All non-agent technical collection systems will be considered by this office and those appropriate for field deployment will be so deployed. The Agency's missile detection system, Project based on backscatter radar is an example. This office will also provide integrated systems analysis of all possible collection methods against the Soviet antiballistic missile program is an example."
Sometimes in cooperation with technical personnel at other agencies such as the NSA when the collection discipline is SIGINT, or the DIA when the techniques come MASINT, or other appropriate agencies such as the Department of Energy for nuclear information, the CIA may work to place technical collection equipment in denied territory. They have also cooperated in placing such equipment into U.S. embassies. Emplacing and servicing such equipment is another form of clandestine operation, of which the adversary should not be aware.These include:
See MASINT from clandestinely placed sensors. The CIA took on a more distinct MASINT responsibility in 1987. The National Security Archive commented, "In 1987, Deputy Director for Science and Technology Evan Hineman established... a new Office for Special Projects. concerned not with satellites, but with emplaced sensors – sensors that could be placed in a fixed location to collect signals intelligence or measurement and signature intelligence (MASINT) about a specific target. Such sensors had been used to monitor Chinese missile tests, Soviet laser activity, military movements, and foreign nuclear programs. The office was established to bring together scientists from the DS&T’s Office of SIGINT Operations, who designed such systems, with operators from the Directorate of Operations, who were responsible for transporting the devices to their clandestine locations and installing them".
Overt HUMINT.
In addition they may produce HUMINT from overt sources, such as voluntary interviews with travelers, businesspeople, etc. Some of the latter may be considered open source intelligence OSINT and be performed by other agencies, just as reports from diplomats are another form of HUMINT that flows into the State Department.
At times, this function may be assigned to the CIA, because its counter-intelligence staff has biographical indexes that let them check the background of foreign citizens offering information. For example, there may be a name check on a business or scientific contact who meets either with CIA representatives or staff of the National Open Source Enterprise
Approval of clandestine and covert operations.
The Directorate of Plans (DDP) was created in 1952, taking control of the Office of Policy Coordination, a covert action group that received services from the CIA but did not go through the CIA management. The other main unit that went into the Directorate of Plans was the Office of Special Operations, which did clandestine intelligence collection (e.g., espionage) as opposed to covert action.
Approval of clandestine and covert operations came from a variety of committees, although in the early days of quasi-autonomous offices and the early DDP, there was more internal authority to approve operations. After its creation in the Truman administration, the CIA was, initially, the financial manager for OPC and OSO, authorized to handle "unvouchered funds" by National Security Council document 4-A of December 1947, the launching of peacetime covert action operations. NSC 4-A made the Director of Central Intelligence responsible for psychological warfare, establishing at the same time the principle that covert action was an exclusively Executive Branch function.
Early autonomy of OPC.
Initially, the supervision by committee allowed the OPC to exercise
"early use of its new covert action mandate dissatisfied officials at the Departments of State and Defense. The Department of State, believing this role too important to be left to the CIA alone and concerned that the military might create a new rival covert action office in the Pentagon, pressed to reopen the issue of where responsibility for covert action activities should reside. Consequently, on June 18, 1948, a new NSC directive, NSC 10/2, superseded NSC 4-A.
NSC 10/2 directed the CIA to conduct "covert" rather than merely ""psychological"" operations, defining them as all activities ""which are conducted or sponsored by this Government against hostile foreign states or groups or in support of friendly foreign states or groups but which are so planned and executed that any US Government responsibility for them is not evident to unauthorized persons and that if uncovered the US Government can plausibly disclaim any responsibility for them"." 
NSC 10/2 defined the scope of these operations as: ""propaganda; economic warfare; preventive direct action, including sabotage, demolition and evacuation measures; subversion against hostile states, including assistance to underground resistance movements, guerrillas and refugee liberations groups, and support of indigenous anti-Communist elements in threatened countries of the free world. Such operations should not include armed conflict by recognized military forces, espionage, counter-espionage, and cover and deception for military operations."" 
Guerrilla warfare was outside this statement of scope, but such operations came under partial CIA control with NSC 10/5 of October 1951. See ""Psychological Strategy Board"" below. To implement covert actions under NSC 10/2, the OPC was created on September 1, 1948. Its initial structure had it taking guidance from the State Department in peacetime and from the military in wartime, initially had direct access to the State Department and to the military without having to proceed through the CIA's administrative hierarchy, provided the Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) was informed of all important projects and decisions. In 1950 this arrangement was modified to ensure that policy guidance came to OPC through the DCI. During the Korean War, the OPC grew quickly. Wartime commitments and other missions soon made covert action the most expensive and bureaucratically prominent of the CIA's activities.
"Concerned about this situation, DCI Walter Bedell Smith in early 1951 asked the NSC for enhanced policy guidance and a ruling on the proper ""scope and magnitude"" of CIA operations. The White House responded with two initiatives. In April 1951 President Truman created the Psychological Strategy Board (PSB) under the NSC to coordinate government-wide psychological warfare strategy." 
Putting special operations under a ""psychological"" organization paralleled the military's development of U.S. Army Special Forces, which was created by a Pentagon unit called the Psychological Warfare Division. "NSC 10/5, issued in October 1951, reaffirmed the covert action mandate given in NSC 10/2 and expanded CIA's authority over guerrilla warfare" The incoming Eisenhower administration soon abolished the PSB, but the expansion of the CIA's covert action writ in NSC 10/5 helped ensure that covert action would remain a major function of the Agency.
As the Truman administration ended, CIA was near the peak of its independence and authority in the field of covert action. Although CIA continued to seek and receive advice on specific projects ...no group or officer outside of the DCI and the President himself had authority to order, approve, manage, or curtail operations.
Increasing control by CIA management.
After Smith, who was Eisenhower's World War II Chief of Staff, consolidated the CIA, the OPC and the OSO in 1952, the Eisenhower administration began narrowing the CIA's latitude in 1954. In accordance with a series of National Security Council directives, the Director of Central Intelligence's responsibility for the conduct of covert operations was further clarified. President Eisenhower approved NSC 5412 on March 15, 1954, reaffirming the CIA's responsibility for conducting covert actions abroad". A series of committees, containing representatives from State, Defense, the CIA, and sometimes the White House or NSC, reviewed operations. Over time and reorganizations, these committees were called the Operations Coordinating Board (OCB), NSC 5412/2 Special Group or simply Special Group, Special Group (Augmented), 303 Committee, and Special Group (Counterinsurgency).
Controversy.
Former NCS Director Jose Rodriguez was criticized for his role in the 2005 CIA interrogation tapes destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="2900890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900890" title="Antistatic agent">
Antistatic agent

An antistatic agent is a compound used for treatment of materials or their surfaces in order to reduce or eliminate buildup of static electricity generally caused by the triboelectric effect. Its role is to make the surface or the material itself slightly conductive, either by being conductive itself, or by absorbing moisture from the air, so some humectants can be used. The molecules of an antistatic agent often have both hydrophilic and hydrophobic areas, similar to those of a surfactant; the hydrophobic side interacts with the surface of the material, while the hydrophilic side interacts with the air moisture and binds the water molecules.
Internal antistatic agents are designed to be mixed directly into the material, external antistatic agents are applied to the surface.
Common antistatic agents are based on long-chain aliphatic amines (optionally ethoxylated) and amides, quaternary ammonium salts (e.g., behentrimonium chloride or cocamidopropyl betaine), esters of phosphoric acid, polyethylene glycol esters, or polyols. Indium tin oxide can be used as transparent antistatic coating of windows. It is also possible to use conductive polymers, like and conducting polymer nanofibers, particularly polyaniline nanofibers. In general these systems are not very durable for coating, especially antimony tin oxide is used for durable systems, often in its nano form, its is then formulated to a final coating.
Antistatic agents are also added to some military jet fuels, to impart electrical conductivity to them and avoid buildup of static charge that could lead to sparks igniting fuel vapors. Stadis 450 is the agent added to some distillate fuels, commercial jet fuels, and to the military JP-8. Stadis 425 is a similar compound, for use in distillate fuels. Statsafe products are used in non-fuel applications.

</doc>
<doc id="2900892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900892" title="Carleton Hobbs">
Carleton Hobbs

Carleton Percy Hobbs (18 June 1898 – 31 July 1978) was an English actor with many film, radio and television appearances. He portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 80 radio adaptations between 1952 and 1969, and also starred in the radio adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's "Sword of Honour".
Hobbs was born in Farnborough, Hampshire, into a military family and himself served in the First World War. He trained at RADA and worked in London theatres through the 1920s, but by the next decade had become a specialist radio actor. His first broadcast was in 1925 as Hastings in "She Stoops to Conquer". The Marlow, Henry Oscar, then a more experienced broadcaster, pointed him back towards the microphone when necessary during transmission. In 1934 he married Gwladys M. Mathews.
For most of his broadcasting career he was a freelance, with the exception of the wartime period when the BBC formed its original Drama Repertory Company that could be moved out of London and away from the bombing. Hobbs was predictably on its strength, as was his regular future Dr Watson, Norman Shelley. In fact, Hobboas everyone called himhad played Dr. Watson before he played Holmes, in a wartime production of "The Boscombe Valley Mystery" with Arthur Wontner as the sleuth.
His own Holmes became a familiar performance after the war, at first in children's programming, later in the general services. Despite Hobbs's acidulated voice and his often trenchant or sardonic delivery, his rendering of the great detective now sounds somewhat avuncularperhaps because of its original youthful audience, perhaps by comparison with later performances in the role, which became freer and more eccentric. Norman Shelley said after his long-time colleague's death: "There was only one thing for Hobbo ... the best and nothing less than the best."
Apart from Holmes, he seldom played the top leadexceptions being the title role in "King John" and Hieronimo in "The Spanish Tragedy".
As a regular in "Children's Hour"usually in the "For Older Listeners" schedulinghe played, among much else, many of the parts in the "Alice" stories, some several times. One of his most distinctive characterisations was Kipling's "Cat That Walked By Himself".
Another "non-human" voice, in adult drama, was his Lizard in Henry Reed's "The Streets of Pompeii". He loved being in Reed's "Hilda Tablet" plays. He could do plain men like Major Liconda in Maugham's "The Sacred Flame", and could convey great vulnerability which he did as simple old Adam in "As You Like It", played both on radio and on record.
Hobbs did a good deal of television, and often played judges as he memorably did in "Pennies From Heaven". Other TV appearances included "Lord Peter Wimsey", "A Life of Bliss", "Strange Report" and "I, Claudius". He had a small role as a freemason in the BBC 1972 version of "War and Peace".
A liitle surprisingly, but indicating his versatility, he was in the original London stage production of John Osborne's "Luther". He was a great verse reader, and his impeccable French was a great asset, especially in his many bookings on the Third Programme, later Radio Three. A younger colleague, Frank Duncan, spoke of his "wonderful attention to detail, and beautiful delicate craftsmanship."
One of the last parts in his fifty-year broadcasting career was Shakespeare's Justice Robert Shallow from "Henry IV", Part 2.

</doc>
<doc id="2900894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900894" title="Ella Swings Brightly with Nelson">
Ella Swings Brightly with Nelson

Ella Swings Brightly with Nelson is a 1962 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, accompanied by an orchestra arranged by Nelson Riddle.
This album is one of a pair that Fitzgerald and Riddle recorded and released in 1962, the other being "Ella Swings Gently with Nelson". Fitzgerald and Riddle had last worked together on her 1959 album "Ella Fitzgerald Sings the George and Ira Gershwin Songbook".
Fitzgerald's performance on this album won her the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance, Female at the 5th Annual Grammy Awards, this was Fitzgerald's seventh Grammy.
Track listing.
For the 1962 Verve LP release; Verve MG V-4054
Side One:
Side Two:
Bonus Tracks; Issued on the 1993 Verve CD re-issue, Verve 519 347-2
13. "Call Me Darling" (Dorothy Dick, Mort Fryberg, Rolf Marbet, Bert Reisfeld) – 2:34
14. "Somebody Loves Me" (Buddy DeSylva, George Gershwin, Ballard MacDonald) – 2:33
15. "Cheerful Little Earful" (Ira Gershwin, Billy Rose, Warren) – 2:06
Personnel.
Recorded from January 5, 1959–December 27, 1961 Capitol Tower, Hollywood, Los Angeles:
Tracks 1-13

</doc>
<doc id="2900899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900899" title="Walter Dandy">
Walter Dandy

Walter Edward Dandy (April 6, 1886 – April 19, 1946) was an American neurosurgeon and scientist. He is considered one of the founding fathers of neurosurgery, along with Victor Horsley (1857–1916) and Harvey Cushing (1869–1939). Dandy is credited with numerous neurosurgical discoveries and innovations, including the description of the circulation of cerebrospinal fluid in the brain, surgical treatment of hydrocephalus, the invention of air ventriculography and pneumoencephalography, the description of brain endoscopy, the establishment of the first intensive care unit (Fox 1984, p. 82), and the first clipping of an intracranial aneurysm, which marked the birth of cerebrovascular neurosurgery. During his 40-year medical career, Dandy published five books and more than 160 peer-reviewed articles while conducting a full-time, ground-breaking neurosurgical practice in which he performed during his peak years about 1000 operations per year (Sherman et al. 2006). He was recognized at the time as a remarkably fast and particularly dextrous surgeon. Dandy was associated with the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and the Johns Hopkins Hospital his entire medical career. The importance of his numerous contributions to neurosurgery in particular and to medicine in general has increased as the field of neurosurgery has evolved.
Early life and medical training.
Dandy was the only son of John Dandy, a railroad engineer, and Rachel Kilpatrick, who were immigrants from Lancashire, England, and Armagh, Ireland, respectively. Dandy graduated in 1903 from Summit High School in Sedalia, Missouri, as class valedictorian, and then graduated in 1907 from the University of Missouri. In September 1907, he enrolled in the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine as a second year student. (He had started medical studies during his junior year in college and accumulated enough credits to skip the first year of medical school at Johns Hopkins.) Dandy graduated from medical school in the spring of 1910 at the age of 24, and became the sixth appointee to the Hunterian Laboratory of Experimental Medicine under Harvey W. Cushing from 1910 to 1911. In 1911, he earned a Master of Arts degree for his work in the Hunterian Laboratory, and went on to join the Johns Hopkins Hospital surgical housestaff for one year as Cushing's Assistant Resident (1911–1912). Dandy completed his general surgery residency at the Johns Hopkins Hospital under William S. Halsted in 1918. (He had been appointed Halsted's Chief Resident in 1916.) While Dandy was introduced to the nascent field of neurosurgery by Cushing, it was George J. Heuer who completed Dandy's neurosurgical training after Cushing's departure for the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital in Boston in September 1912. Heuer had graduated from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 1908, worked as Cushing's first Assistant Resident from 1908 to 1909, and served as Halsted's Chief Resident from 1911 to 1914. 
Dandy joined the staff of the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1918 and immediately focused his energies on the surgical treatment of disorders of the brain and spinal cord. When Heuer left Hopkins in 1922 to become the head of surgery at the University of Cinicinnati, Dandy remained as the only neurosurgeon at the Johns Hopkins Hospital until his death in that hospital in 1946.
Scientific and clinical contributions.
Contributions to pediatric neurosurgery.
Dandy's first scientific contribution was the detailed anatomical description of a 2 mm human embryo in Franklin P. Mall's collection. This paper was published in 1910, five months before he graduated from medical school. In 1911 and 1913, he described the blood supply and nerve supply, respectively, of the pituitary gland. In 1913 and 1914, Dandy and Kenneth D. Blackfan published two landmark papers on the production, circulation, and absorption of CSF in the brain and on the causes and potential treatments of hydrocephalus. Hydrocephalus is the buildup of CSF within the brain, an often lethal condition if left untreated. They described two forms of hydrocephalus, namely "obstructive" and "communicating," thus establishing a theoretical framework for the rational treatment of this condition. This work is regarded by many as one of the finest pieces of surgical research ever done. Indeed, Halsted reportedly told Edwards A. Park that "Dandy will never do anything equal to this again. Few men make more than one great contribution to medicine." (Fox 1984, p. 36) Dandy, however, would prove to be one of these "few men." Modern pediatric neurosurgeons devote most of their time to the management of hydrocephalus.
The Dandy-Walker malformation is a congenital malformation associated with hydrocephalus. In 1921 Dandy reported a case of hydrocephalus caused by obstruction of outflow of CSF from the fourth ventricle. In 1944 A. Earl Walker (who eventually became chairman of neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins) described a similar case of congenital closure of the outflow of the fourth ventricle. This congenital anomaly became known as the Dandy-Walker cyst. It is associated with closure of the foramina of Luschka and Magendie (the outflow openings of the fourth ventricle), atrophy of the cerebellum and cerebellar vermis, dilation of the fourth ventricle, hydrocephalus, and often atrophy of the corpus callosum.
Contributions to neuroradiology.
In 1918 and 1919 Dandy published his landmark papers on air ventriculography and the associated technique of pneumoencephalography. For this contribution he was nominated for the Nobel Prize in 1933 by Hans Christian Jacobaeus, Chairman of the Nobel Committee of the Karolinska Institute (Ligon 1998, p. 607). Ventriculography and pneumoencephalography allowed neurosurgeons for the first time to visualize brain lesions on x-rays. To accomplish this, CSF in the ventricles and subarachnoid space was replaced with air injected either directly into the ventricles (ventriculography) or into the lumbar subarachnoid space (pneumoencephalography). As a general surgeon, Dandy was aware of the ability of free air in the peritoneal cavity to outline the abdominal contents. He published a paper on this radiographic phenomenon ("pneumoperitoneum") in 1919 based on a clinical observation he had made in 1917. In 1918, the year that he finished his residency, he published the paper on air ventriculography. The importance of this advance cannot be overstated. Samuel J. Crowe described it as "the greatest single contribution ever made to brain surgery." (Fox 1984, p. 43) Gilbert Horrax stated:
"The importance of this diagnostic method, ... for the more accurate localization of many growths whose situation could not be ascertained with absolute exactness, can hardly be overemphasized. It brought immediately into the operable field at least one third more brain tumors than could be diagnosed and localized previously by the most refined neurological methods." (Fox 1984, p.45)
Air ventriculography, however, had the limitation that a burr hole had to be drilled in the skull to pass the needle into the ventricular system. In 1919, Dandy published a less invasive technique that he labelled pneumoencephalography. In this procedure, air was injected into the subarachnoid space of the lumbar spinal canal and then the air bolus was maneuvered into the subarachnoid space around the brain and eventually into the ventricles by changing the patient's position. Ventriculography and pneumoencephalography allowed neurosurgeons to accurately identify the location and size of tumors and other lesions and then accurately target their operative approach. This technique remained the single most important way of localizing brain lesions until the introduction of computerized tomography (CT) scanning in the 1970s.
Contributions to operative neurosurgery.
Already by 1919, barely one year after finishing his surgical training, Dandy was recognized arguably as the premier surgeon at Johns Hopkins. Abraham Flexner, who was intimately familiar with the workings of the Johns Hopkins Hospital and in 1910 had produced the Flexner Report on American and Canadian Medical Education, wrote on January 30, 1919:
"The general sentiment hereabouts is that Dandy is the man for surgery. ... As Dr. Halsted comes about very little now, Dandy is carrying the whole thing, and, as far as I can judge, does it admirably. He has the devotion and confidence of all his associates and treats them in a really beautiful way ..." (Fox 1984, p.54)
Dandy's surgical innovations proceeded at an astounding rate as he became increasingly comfortable operating on the brain and spinal cord. He described in 1921 an operation for the removal of tumors of the pineal region, in 1922 complete removal of tumors of the cerebellopontine angle (namely acoustic neuromas), in 1922 the use of endoscopy for the treatment of hydrocephalus ("cerebral ventriculoscopy"), in 1925 sectioning the trigeminal nerve at the brainstem to treat trigeminal neuralgia, in 1928 treatment of Ménière's disease (recurrent vertiginous dizziness) by sectioning the vestibular nerves, in 1929 removal of a herniated disc in the spine, in 1930 treatment of spasmodic torticollis, in 1933 removal of the entire cerebral hemisphere ("hemispherectomy") for the treatment of malignant tumors, in 1933 removal of deep tumors within the ventricular system, in 1935 treatment of carotid-cavernous fistulas (CCFs), in 1938 ligation or "clipping" of an intracranial aneurysm, and in 1941 removal of orbital tumors. Remarkably, these operations continue to be performed today essentially in the same form described by Dandy. As medicine progresses, other contributions by Dandy have been replaced by alternative therapies. For instance, in 1943, Dandy published an operation for treatment of essential hypertension by sectioning the sympathetic nerves, but nowadays hypertension is treated with medications.
Contributions to cerebrovascular neurosurgery.
Dandy's 1938 description of surgery for clipping of an intracranial aneurysm is particularly important because it marked the birth of the subspecialty of cerebrovascular neurosurgery. An aneurysm is a sac that grows from the wall of an artery in the brain. When an aneurysm ruptures, 50% of patients die immediately and the remaining are similarly expected to die if the aneurysm ruptures again, as it is likely to do. In 1937, a ruptured intracranial aneurysm was a uniformly fatal condition. On March 23, 1937, Dandy performed a frontotemporal craniotomy (which he had learned from Heuer) and placed a hemostatic clip on the neck of a posterior communicating artery region aneurysm arising from the internal carotid artery. The technical prowess involved in carrying out this operation successfully can not be overstated, particularly without the benefit of the surgical microscope for magnification. Even today this type of surgery is arguably the most complex and riskiest procedure done by neurosurgeons. This represented the first time that a vascular problem of the brain was treated successfully with surgery in a planned fashion. This experience led Dandy in the later part of his career to treat successfully a variety of vascular problems of the brain in addition to aneurysms, such as arteriovenous malformations (AVMs), arteriovenous fistulas (AVFs), carotid cavernous fistulas (CCFs), and cavernous malformations. In 1944, two years prior to his death, Dandy published a book entitled Intracranial Arterial Aneurysms in which he summarized his experience with these treacherous and technically formidable lesions. Currently, the Walter E. Dandy Professor of Neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins, Rafael J. Tamargo is a cerebrovascular neurosurgeon and the director of the Division of Cerebrovascular Neurosurgery [http://www.neuro.jhmi.edu/cerebro/index.HTML, the field created by Dandy.
Dandy's "Brain Team".
Dandy established at the Johns Hopkins Hospital a clinical service that served the dual purpose of delivering outstanding care to his patients and also of training surgical residents and fellows to become neurosurgeons. This became a highly orchestrated and efficient system that allowed Dandy to perform over 1000 operations annually (excluding ventriculograms) and produced 12 neurosurgeons who then carried on Dandy's tradition. Dandy's service was known as the "Brain Team." By 1940, Dandy's Brain Team consisted of a resident, an assistant resident, a surgical intern, a full-time scrub nurse, a full-time nurse anesthetist, an assistant scrub nurse, a circulating nurse, a part-time nurse anesthetist, a full-time orderly, and Dandy's secretary. The resident and assistant resident each spent two years (out of their eight-year general surgery residency) on the Brain Team. (Sherman et al. 2006)
Personal life.
In 1923, five years after finishing his arduous surgical training, Dandy started to focus on his personal life. Throughout his training he had remained close to his parents, with whom he corresponded at times daily. Dandy made arrangements for his parents to move to Baltimore in early 1911, one year after he finished medical school. Dandy met his future wife, Sadie E. Martin, in 1923, got married on October 1, 1924, and had four children: Walter Edward Jr. (born 1925), Mary Ellen (1927), Kathleen Louise (1928), and Margaret Martin (1935). He described his family relations as "the finest thing in life." Fox 1984, p. 118) He vacationed with his family regularly, when his children's school schedule allowed. He rarely traveled, however, for professional meetings, and preferred to stay in Baltimore close to his family and work. Upon being invited to join the Society of Neurological Surgeons as a charter member, he wrote to Cushing on June 30, 1921, that he was "very averse to joining societies of all kinds because I feel they are more social than beneficial and I cannot spare the time for them." (Fox 1984, p. 73) 
Irving J. Sherman, who trained in neurosurgery under Dandy from 1941 to 1943, addressed this in his recollections:
"Historians are uniformly effusive in praise of Dandy's research and surgery, but they are less kind with regard to his personality, no doubt because they did not know him personally ... Dandy never charged schoolteachers, clergy, other medical workers, or patients who had no money to pay. At times, he also gave money to patients to help them with the expense of coming to Baltimore. ... There were stories of Dandy being dictatorial and demanding perfect service for his patients, and these were true. There were other stories, also true, of Dandy having outbursts of temper when "things did not go right in the operating room," firing assistant residents, scolding personnel, and occasionally throwing an instrument. However, during my time on the general surgery and neurosurgery housestaff (1940-1943), I never observed such incidents. ... although Dandy was at times dictatorial and demanding, his actions made it obvious that he care deeply for our welfare, although not about how hard we worked." (Sherman et al. 2006)
Outside the hospital, Dandy's warmth and playfulness were evident in his interactions with his family, friends, and colleagues. (Tamargo 2002, p. 101). His personality is best summarized in his obituary in the "Baltimore Sun" of April 20, 1946:
"... Gruff of manner, hot of temper, and endowed with a tongue as sharp as his instruments, he exacted awe, respect, and the hardest kind of work from his students. ... And when they got to know him well, they found beneath the hard exterior - as is not uncommon in men of such temperament - a deep vein of tenderness."
Dandy enjoyed excellent health most of his life, except for November and December 1919, the year after completing his residency, when he became bedridden with sciatic neuralgia. (Fox 1984, p. 54) On April 1, 1946, five days before his 60th birthday, Dandy was hospitalized with a heart attack. He asked his secretary to help him prepare his will, which he signed on April 9 while in the hospital. He was discharged home, but suffered a second heart attack on April 18. He was taken again to the Johns Hopkins Hospital where he died on April 19. (Fox 1984, p. 221) He was buried in Druid Ridge Cemetery in Pikesville, Maryland.
Walter E. Dandy Neurosurgical Society.
The Walter E. Dandy Neurosurgical Society was founded in St. Louis, Missouri in 2011. The society is a forum for surgeons around the world to enhance the education of both neurosurgery residents and fully trained neurosurgeons to take part in the development and distribution of guidelines for clinical decision making utilizing the best available science.

</doc>
<doc id="2900901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900901" title="Aussie Rules International">
Aussie Rules International

Aussie Rules International (ARI) promotes and develops the sport of Australian rules football internationally, however is not recognised by the AFL or any of its affiliates as having any official capacity in this regard. Committed to working with all stakeholders to assist the international growth of the sport, its focus is on: 
ARI acknowledges the Australian Football League's (AFL) role as both the keeper of the code and the world governing body of Australian football. As a development body, ARI looks forward to assisting the AFL and international bodies to identify and tap into the many opportunities and revenue streams that exist outside Australia.
Activities.
Aussie Rules UK.
In 2005, ARI secured a government grant through Sport England to introduce Aussie Rules as a sport into schools in an effort to combat the growing obesity epidemic and build stronger communities through youth participation. A successful pilot began at Carshalton Boys School in 2003. The school eventually replaced soccer with Aussie rules in their curriculum for 2005. Also in 2005, the Thamesbridge College (Lions) and the Kew College (Crows) contested during the half-time break at an exhibition match in London between the West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Football Club in front of a strong crowd of 19,000. A second game also included Carshalton College. During 2005, 13 schools were trialled, with over 1,000 children participating in clinics and 4 schools entering teams in the London Youth Games, which is the largest youth sport event of its kind in Europe.
Australian Convicts.
The Australian Convicts are a touring Australian amateur side, that has played Australian Rules matches in Europe (2003) and South Africa (2005).
Touch Aussie Rules.
Touch Aussie Rules is a non-contact version of Australian football that is currently played in London, UK.
Major events.
EU Cup.
The inaugural EU Cup took place in London on 9 October 2005. 
The EU Cup was played under the rules of 9-a-side football (full contact) on fields conforming to standardised Rugby or Soccer dimensions (approx 100m x 65m). The primary intention of the tournament was to showcase Aussie Rules with a reduction in the number of players, held on sporting fields that are readily found in nearly every corner of Europe; without any loss in the excitement, skill or quality of the 18-a-side version of the game. 
The competing teams were Israel, Catalonia, Germany, Belgium, Austria, England, Sweden, Scotland, France and the Netherlands. Belgium defeated Sweden in the grand final.
Multicultural Cup.
The Australian Football Multicultural Cup was held in Melbourne, Australia in 2004 and again in 2005 as part of Harmony Day. The aim of the event was twofold: to celebrate Melbourne's ethnic diversity and harmony, and 
to use the sport of Australian football (as Australia's only indigenous sport) to break down cultural and ethnic barriers. We may come from many different backgrounds but we are all Australians. 
A continuing aim is to use both the high profiles of the teams and contacts made during the event to generate interest in developing the Aussie Rules Football in the respective countries. Competing teams have included Australia, Israel, Lebanon, Croatia, Samoa, Tonga, Vietnam, Turkey, Greece, Italy and the United Nations (a team of asylum seekers from 9 different countries).

</doc>
<doc id="2900904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900904" title="Interested Parties Information">
Interested Parties Information

IPI ("Interested party information") is an identifying number assigned in the CISAC
database to each "Interested Party" in musical rights management.
Example of IP Base Number : I-000000229-7.
In October 2001, the IPI database replaced the CAE list.
Money is collected by a national society when copyrighted music is performed in public, in the form of license fees. This society then pays out royalties to the "parties" that have a financial "interest" in that music. These Interested Parties include the writer of the music (i.e. the composer), the writer of the lyrics (i.e. the author), and the person or company that publishes the music (i.e. the publisher).
A work of music can be looked up on the ISWCNet database (see external links). For example, one of the songs called "Ernie", which has an ISWC number of T-010.171.314-7, has just one Interested Party, that of Benny Hill whose IPI number is 00014107338. This IPI number can then be used to find other works by him.
In relation to ISWC each party has at least one role. Roles can be:
The standards describe the person who adapts music as an arranger, and the person who adapts the text of a musical work to be an adapter.

</doc>
<doc id="2900908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900908" title="Guanín (bronze)">
Guanín (bronze)

The term Guanin, or "Gua-NIN", meaning (The Place of Queens) as a sign or rank of authority only used by the Caciques (Chiefs) and/or class of the Nitaino (Nobles) as a medallion carried around the neck. It's a common misconception that pre-Columbian Americas lacked bronze and thus were not able to shoot hardened copper alloys. However, copper alloys are reported as "guanín" by Columbus, a loan word borrowed from the Taino. This misconception may well arise because tin, the common component of Eurasian bronze (although common in Bolivia), is rare in the Caribbean basin. 
However, copper, iron, manganese, nickel, chromium, cobalt, zinc, silver and bronze mixed into a matrix of iron sulfides and other metal sulfides including gold, cobalt and nickel are readily available, often glittering in as natural ores such as pyrite (fools gold), the brassy golden yellow cubanite, and marcasite. Deposits of these ores are found on the surfaces of the formerly submerged karst rock formations of these islands.
Thus guanín is likely a manganese bronze. Today US "gold dollars" are made of a probably similar alloy 88.5% copper, 6% zinc, 3.5% manganese, and 2% nickel. However, graphite has a melting temperature well above that produced by even a bellowed blanket (and bellows were probably first employed some time after 300 BC in China) so it would be rather unlikely that guanin would have contained nickel. 
Columbus's report of metal axes in lands and seas of the Caribbean, although viewed skeptically by some, cannot be readily dismissed. although the question remains as to which ethnicities, nations or civilizations used these objects. Thus classification of Taíno technological progress as merely Neolithic may well be an misinterpretation awaiting archeological resolution of Taíno use of guanín alloy tools. 

</doc>
<doc id="2900911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900911" title="Aleksandar Shalamanov">
Aleksandar Shalamanov

Aleksandar Stefanov Shalamanov () (born 4 September 1941 in Boyana) is a former football (soccer) player and professional alpine skier and is known as the only Bulgarian who has participated in the Winter Olympics (as alpine skier in 1960) and in the FIFA World Cup. The Summer Olympics saw him as reserve player of the volleyball team in 1964, but he did not play in a match.
Shalamanov began his career as a defender with CSKA Sofia in 1960-61, but moved to Slavia Sofia in 1961 to remain there until 1974, when he retired after 263 matches in the Bulgarian Championship, three Bulgarian Cup trophies (1963, 1964 and 1966) and a Cup Winners' Cup semi-final in 1967. Shalamanov has twice been selected Best Bulgarian Footballer, in 1963 and 1966, and twice Best Bulgarian Sportsman, in 1967 and 1973. He has 42 caps for the Bulgarian national team, with which he participated in the World Cup 1966 and World Cup 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="2900919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900919" title="Marcus Williams (American football)">
Marcus Williams (American football)

Marcus A. Williams (born December 12, 1977) is a former backup tight end for the Oakland Raiders who was forced to retire in 2003 after teammate Bill Romanowski broke his eye socket with a punch.
Lawsuit.
Bill Romanowski had a history of getting out of hand on the field. Williams took him to court seeking $3.4 million. Ronnie Lott and Jerry Rice, who had played with Romanowski, said that he had "crossed the line" in an admittedly violent sport. Williams was awarded $340,000. Though this was only a tenth of what he sought, Williams said that it was not really about the money but that he and his attorneys "just wanted to prove what was right and wrong about football."
The defendant's attorney, Jeffrey Springer, stated that Williams' case was "like when someone tried to sue McDonald's for serving them dangerously hot coffee."

</doc>
<doc id="2900920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900920" title="Proletarian Liberation Party">
Proletarian Liberation Party

Proletarian Liberation Party (in Portuguese: "Partido da Libertação Proletária") was a political party in Brazil. It was formed in 1989 by the "Coletivos Gregório Bezerra", a dissident group of the Brazilian Communist Party. The founders of PLP opposed the support by PCB and other left formations for the candidacy of Lula da Silva in the presidential elections.
PLP oriented itself towards Trotskyism.
In 1994 PLP merged into the PSTU.

</doc>
<doc id="2900921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900921" title="Prairie River (Wisconsin)">
Prairie River (Wisconsin)

The Prairie River is a tributary of the Wisconsin River in north-central Wisconsin in the United States. It is about 40 mi (65 km) long. Via the Wisconsin River, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
Course.
The Prairie River flows from Horseshoe Lake in northwestern Langlade County and follows a generally southwestward course through southeastern Lincoln County to the city of Merrill, where it joins the Wisconsin River.
In an effort to restore trout habitat, the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources removed two dams on the Prairie River in Lincoln County in the 1990s, making the river free-flowing for its entire course.

</doc>
<doc id="2900924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900924" title="Trifon Ivanov">
Trifon Ivanov

Trifon Marinov Ivanov (; born 27 July 1965 in Veliko Tarnovo) is a former Bulgarian international football player.
Career.
Sometimes known by his nickname "The Bulgarian Wolf" due to his unshaven appearance and mullet hairstyle, Ivanov started his career with the team Etar of Veliko Tarnovo. Later moves included spells at CSKA Sofia during 1994–95 and 1997–98 as well as at the Austrian teams Austria Vienna and Rapid Vienna and the Spanish club Real Betis.
Ivanov's international distinctions include being a member of the Bulgaria national football team that reached the fourth place in the 1994 FIFA World Cup in United States. He also participated in the UEFA Euro 1996 in England. Ivanov's goal against Russia on 10 September 1997, in the qualifiers for the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France, was the one that clinched Bulgarian qualification. Ivanov scored 6 goals in 76 caps in 10 years with the national side.
Ivanov is famous for his long-range shots and free-kicks at goal. In Euro 96 particularly, he had a number of 40–45 yards shots at goal narrowly missing the target. In 2013, a Brazilian amateur tournament was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2900925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900925" title="Heathen Front">
Heathen Front

The Allgermanische Heidnische Front (AHF) was an international organisation, active during the late 1990s and early 2000s, that espoused a philosophy known as "Odalism". The AHF's folkish heathenry was imbued with antisemitism, xenophobia, and blood and soil nationalism. It cited among its ideological forebears Richard Walther Darré and far right German Greens such as Herbert Gruhl, August Hausleiter. These pronouncements placed the AHF firmly within the "green-brown" or ecofascist perspective.
History.
In 1993, the "Norsk Hedensk Front" (Norwegian Heathen Front) was founded, rapidly evolving into the AHF, "a network of independent tribes."
The German chapter, Deutsche Heidnische Front, was founded in 1998 by Hendrik Möbus. In 2001, the AHF claimed chapters in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, Germany, the United States, Canada, Russia, and Flanders.
There was also a short-lived English Heathen Front closely associated during its inception with the British Movement but later linked by Searchlight, the anti-fascist monthly, to Tom Gowers, an officer of the British National Party based in the East Midlands, and to the militant odinist group Woden's Folk The EHF promoted ethnopluralism, metagenetics, blood and soil national ecology, and celebrated the ideas of English folkish thinker Rolf Gardiner, in particular his denunciation of "plutodemocracy".
Norwegian black metal musician and heathen Varg Vikernes has been linked to the Heathen Front. In a 2009 interview with Norwegian newspaper "Dagbladet", Vikernes states: "I have never formed or been a member of such organisations". The claim that Vikernes was the leader of the Heathen Front was initiated by the Norwegian anti-fascist magazine "Monitor". 
In an interview, Vikernes states:
The NHF ("Norwegian Heathen Front") was persecuted in Norway, by the Antifa/Monitor, who repeatedly wrote that the NHF was neo-Nazi and that leader was Varg Vikernes, and so forth. Even when the NHF told them that Varg Vikernes is not the leader of the NHF or the AHF they just kept on about it. Even the secret police claimed adamantly that I was the leader of the NHF when they interviewed one of the NHF guys ... He told them I wasn't the leader, but they just ignored him and trusted their own sources instead.
Although not being a member of the Allgermanische Heidnische Front, Vikernes maintained an affiliation with them during his time in prison, writing articles for their magazine. Vikernes later ceased to be involved with the organisation.
Since 2006, the Allgermanische Heidnische Front is apparently defunct. Its former homepages were largely blanked and their respective domain names have now been taken over by commercial providers.
Ideology.
The Heathen Front was at times accused of neo-Nazism, white supremacism and anti-semitism.
However, various chapters and groups within the Heathen Front claimed on their home pages that they rejected "all forms" of xenophobia, racism and racist violence.

</doc>
<doc id="2900938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900938" title="Day of Solidarity with Belarus">
Day of Solidarity with Belarus

A Day of Solidarity with Belarus is an action proposed by the Belarusian journalist Iryna Khalip, supported by the civic initiative "We Remember" and the "Zubr" movement. 
It was offered to announce October 16, 2005 to be a Day of Solidarity with Belarusian "political prisoners", "disappeared" persons, their families, and other advocates of a transition to representative democracy and to a market economy in Belarus. The Belarusians are called to turn their light off for 15 minutes on October 16, at 8 p.m, and put burning candles to their window boards as a solidarity sign.
An estimated 100,000 people took part in the action. Encouraged, it was proposed to carry out this action on 16th day of each month. 

</doc>
<doc id="2900943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900943" title="Voula Patoulidou">
Voula Patoulidou

Paraskevi ("Voula") Patoulidou (, born 29 March 1965) was born in Tripotamo (now part of Florina). A prolific athlete, Patoulidou throughout her athletics career competed in the 100 metres, 100 metres hurdles and in the long jump events. Patoulidou became a Greek sporting legend in 1992, when she was the surprise winner of the Women's 100 m hurdles race at the Olympic Games in Barcelona. She was the candidate for the Prefecture of Thessaloniki in the local elections of Autumn 2006 supported by the opposition party of PASOK, but lost the election to Panagiotis Psomiadis.
She is also a supporter of Golden Dawn Party, Greece's equivalent of the Nazi Party which claims both Hitler and Stalin were great leaders. She described the ongoing criminal inquiry (as of April 2014) as politically motivated and based on lies.
Barcelona 1992.
On 5 August 1992, Patoulidou was celebrating for having qualified for the final in the 100 m hurdles by improving her personal best from 12.96 (set in the qualifying round) to 12.88 seconds in the semi-finals. This success made her the first Greek woman ever to reach a track final in the Olympic Games, a great feat in its own right.
One day later, however, one of the biggest upsets in the history of the Olympic Games was to take place. The clear favourite of the 100 m hurdles final, Gail Devers of the United States, made a mistake and tripped on the last hurdle. Patoulidou took advantage and lunged her body forward for the finishing line. Having crossed the line in 12.64 seconds (a Greek national record that still stands), Patoulidou immediately threw her hands in the air celebrating what she thought was a silver medal. When she watched the replay of the race on the stadium's big screen and realised that she had won the race, Patoulidou fell to her knees and put her hands over her face in astonishment. In her first interview to the Greek journalists minutes after the race, Patoulidou dedicated her medal to her home country by saying “For Greece, dammit!”, a catchphrase that is still in use.
The official results:
The aftermath.
The unheralded victory made Patoulidou the first female Greek sportswoman to win an Olympic gold medal, Along with Pyrros Dimas, who won a gold medal in weightlifting during the same Games, Patoulidou is considered to have inaugurated a new era for Greek sports. Notably, Greek athletes often refer to Patoulidou's triumph as the defining moment and inspiration in their quest for Olympic success. Indeed, the medal haul for Greece at the Olympics has increased from 2 in 1992 to 8 in 1996, 13 in 2000 and 16 in 2004.
After 1992.
After her Olympic gold medal Patoulidou decided to switch back to the long jump, her first love, believing that she had achieved as much as possible in the 100 m hurdles. She is vindicated for her choice when she participated in her second Olympic Games' Final, in the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, finishing 10th.
In the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, Patoulidou was a member of the 4x100 m relay team that reached the semi-finals and ended up in the 13th place. She was given an honorary place in the 4x100 m relay team in the Athens Olympic Games in 2004, participating for the fifth time in the Olympic Games at the age of 39.
She was the only woman amongst the five Greek sporting legends chosen to be the penultimate runners in the 2004 Olympic torch relay, along with Nick Galis, Mimis Domazos, Kakhi Kakhiashvili and Ioannis Melissanidis (see 2004 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony). She was also one of the penultimate runners of the 1996 torch relay in Atlanta, joining Evander Holyfield and Janet Evans.

</doc>
<doc id="2900947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900947" title="Civil service of Japan">
Civil service of Japan

The Japanese civil service has over one million employees, with 400,000 workers in postal service, or Japan Post (since 2003), being the biggest part, whilst the Japanese Self-Defence Force being the second biggest, with 247,000 personnel. In the post-war period, this figure has been even higher, but the privatization of a large number of public corporations since the 1980s, among them NTT and Japanese National Railways, already reduced the number. Postal privatization is the next step. Still, the government as an employer is held in high regard. After the breakdown of the Japanese asset price bubble in the early 1990s, wages and privileges in the private sector were cut, but public service workers still enjoy many of the benefits introduced in the boom years.
National government civil servants are divided into "special" and "regular" categories. Appointments in the special category are governed by political or other factors and do not involve competitive examinations. This category includes cabinet ministers, heads of independent agencies, members of the Self-Defense Forces, Diet officials, and ambassadors. The core of the civil service is composed of members of the regular category, who are recruited through competitive examinations. This group is further divided into junior service and upper professional levels, the latter forming a well-defined civil service elite.
Elite bureaucrats.
In trying to discover "who's in charge here," many Japan analysts have pointed to the elite bureaucracy as the people who really govern Japan, although they composed only a tiny fraction of the country's more than 1 million national government employees. Several hundred of the elite are employed at each national ministry or agency. Although entry into the elite through open examinations does not require a college degree, the majority of its members are alumni of Japan's most prestigious universities. The University of Tokyo law faculty is the single most important source of elite bureaucrats. After graduation from college and, increasingly, some graduate-level study, applicants take a series of difficult higher civil service examinations: in 2009, for example, 22,186 took the tests of higher (the 1st grade) civil service, but only 1,494, or 6.7 percent, were successful. Of those who were successful, only 660 were actually hired. Like the scholar-officials of imperial China, successful candidates were hardy survivors of a grueling education and testing process that necessarily began in early childhood and demanded total concentration. The typical young bureaucrat, who is in most cases male, is an intelligent, hardworking, and dedicated individual. But some bureaucrats, critics argue, lack imagination and compassion for people whose way of life is different from their own. Recently, many top-class candidates in universities prefer to choose financial companies or certificate of lawyers and accountants rather than civil services, however. This is because salary in civil services is lower especially when they are young, and civil services undergo significant criticism and reforms these days.
The public's attitude toward the elite is ambivalent. The elite enjoy great social prestige, but its members are also resented. They live in a realm that is at least partly public, yet far removed from the lives of ordinary people. Compared with politicians, they are generally viewed as honest. Involvement of top officials in scandals such as the Recruit affair, however, had to some extent tarnished their image.
Japan's elite bureaucrats are insulated from direct political pressure because there are very few political appointments in the civil service. Cabinet ministers are usually career politicians, but they are moved in and out of their posts quite frequently (with an average tenure of under a year), and usually have little opportunity to develop a power base within a ministry, or force their civil service subordinates to adopt reforms. Below the cabinet minister is the administrative vice minister. Administrative vice ministers and their subordinates are career civil servants whose appointments are determined in accordance with an internally established principle of seniority.
History.
Pre-modern Japan.
The Japanese had been exposed to bureaucratic institutions at least by the early seventh century A.D. (Nara period), when the imperial court adopted the laws and government structure of Tang China. However, the distinctive Chinese (confucian) institution of civil service examinations never took root, and the imported system was never successfully imposed on the country at large. But by the middle of the Tokugawa period (1600- 1867), the samurai class functions had evolved from military to clerical and administrative functions. Following the Meiji Restoration (1868), the new elite, which came from the lower ranks of the samurai, established a Western-style civil service.
Occupied Japan.
Although the United States occupation dismantled both the military and zaibatsu establishments, it did little, outside of abolishing the prewar Home Ministry, to challenge the power of the bureaucracy. There was considerable continuity —in institutions, operating style, and personnel — between the civil service before and after the occupation, partly because General Douglas MacArthur's staff ruled indirectly and depended largely on the cooperation of civil servants. A process of mutual co-optation occurred. Also, United States policy planners never regarded the civil service with the same opprobrium as the military or economic elites. The civil service's role in Japan's militarism was generally downplayed. Many of the occupation figures themselves were products of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal and had strong faith in the merits of civil service professionalism. Finally, the perceived threat of the Soviet Union in the late 1940s created a community of interests for the occupiers and for conservative, social order-conscious administrators.
1970s and 1980s.
In a 1975 article, political scientist Chalmers Johnson quotes a retired vice minister of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) who said that the Diet was merely "an extension of the bureaucracy". The official claimed that "the bureaucracy drafts all the laws... All the legislature does is to use its powers of investigation, which for about half the year keeps most of the senior officials cooped up in the Diet."
In the years since this official made his proud boast, however, it became apparent that there were limits to the bureaucrats' power. The most important was the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan's growing role in policy formation. Political scientist B.C. Koh suggested that in many cases members of the LDP policy-oriented tribes (zoku) had greater expertise in their fields than elite bureaucrats. Before the latter drafted legislation, they had to consult and follow the initiatives of the party's Policy Research Council. Many analysts consider the role of the bureaucracy in drafting legislation to be no greater than that of its counterparts in France, Germany, and other countries. Also, the decision of many retired bureaucrats to run as LDP candidates for the Diet might not reflect, as had been previously assumed, the power of the officials but rather the impatience of ambitious men who wanted to locate themselves, politically, "where the action is."
An intense rivalry among the ministries came into play whenever major policy decisions were formulated. Elite civil servants were recruited by and spent their entire careers in a single ministry. As a result, they developed a strong sectional solidarity and zealously defended their turf. Nonbureaucratic actors—the politicians and interest groups—could use this rivalry to their own advantage.
1990s.
The Ministry of Finance is generally considered the most powerful and prestigious of the ministries. Its top officials are regarded as the cream of the elite. Although it was relatively unsuccessful in the 1970s when the deficit rose, the ministry was very successful in the 1980s in constraining government spending and raising taxes, including a twelve-year battle to get a consumption tax passed. The huge national debt in the early 1990s, however, may be evidence that this budget-minded body had been unsuccessful in the previous decade in curbing demands for popular policies such as health insurance, rice price supports, and the unprofitable nationwide network of the privatized Japan Railways Group. Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) frequently encountered obstacles in its early postoccupation plans to reconsolidate the economy. It has not always been successful in imposing its will on private interests, politicians, or other ministries. According to law professor John Owen Haley, writing in the late 1980s, MITI's practice of gyōsei shidō, or administrative guidance, often described as evidence of the bureaucracy's hidden power, was in fact a second-best alternative to "express statutory authority that would have legitimated its exercise of authority." Administrative reform policies in the 1980s imposed ceilings on civil service staff and spending that probably contributed to a deterioration of morale and working conditions.
Still another factor limiting bureaucratic power was the emergence of an affluent society. In the early postwar period, the scarcity of capital made it possible for the Ministry of Finance and MITI to exert considerable influence over the economy through control of the banking system (see Monetary and fiscal policy). To a decreasing extent, this scarcity remained until the 1980s because most major companies had high debt-equity ratios and depended on the banks for infusions of capital. Their huge profits and increasing reliance on securities markets in the late 1980s, however, meant that the Ministry of Finance had less influence. The wealth, technical sophistication, and new confidence of the companies also made it difficult for MITI to exercise administrative guidance. The ministry could not restrain aggressive and often politically controversial purchases by Japanese corporate investors in the United States, such as Mitsubishi Estate's October 1989 purchase of Rockefeller Center in New York City, which, along with the Sony Corporation's acquisition of Columbia Pictures several weeks earlier, heated up trade friction between the two countries.
The whole issue of trade friction and foreign pressure tended to politicize the bureaucracy and promote unprecedented divisiveness in the late 1980s and early 1990s. During the Structural Impediments Initiative talks held by Japan and the United States in early 1990, basic changes in Japan's economy were discussed: reforms of the distribution and pricing systems, improvement of the infrastructure, and elimination of official procedures that limited foreign participation in the economy. Although foreign pressure of this sort is resented by many Japanese as an intrusion on national sovereignty, it also provides an opportunity for certain ministries to make gains at the expense of others. There is hardly a bureaucratic jurisdiction in the economic sphere that is not in some sense affected.
Internationally minded political and bureaucratic elites have found their market-opening reforms, designed to placate United States demands, repeatedly sabotaged by other interests, especially agriculture. Such reactions intensified United States pressure, which in turn created a sense of crisis and a siege mentality within Japan. The "internationalization" of Japan's society in other ways also divided the bureaucratic elite. MITI, the Ministry of Labor, and the Ministry of Justice had divergent views on how to respond to the influx of unskilled, usually South Asian and Southeast Asian, laborers into the labor-starved Japanese economy. An estimated 300,000 to 400,000 of them worked illegally for small Japanese firms in the late 1980s. Ministry of Education, Science, and Culture revision of guidelines on the writing of history textbooks, ostensibly a domestic matter, aroused the indignation of Japan's Asian neighbors because the changes tended to soften accounts of wartime atrocities (see Japanese history textbook controversies).
2000s.
Civil services in Japan underwent significant changes and reforms to work more efficiently in severe budget situation of the government. In 2001, Central Government Reform was implemented to merge existing ministries, strengthen the operation of cabinet and achieve more efficient work. Criticism to civil services from media and people has got stronger against some scandals, amakudari practice to assure the advantages of high-rank officials after retirement, salary standard and many other factors.
In 2009 general election, the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) came to power after the regime of Liberal Democratic Party of Japan (LDP) lasted for many years. DPJ set up the policy of “leadership by politics”, criticized the initiative of bureaucracy in the era of LDP and will reform civil service. Decision-making style in the government and ministry in Japan is changing significantly.
At 2007, Junichiro Koizumi achieved Postal privatisation bills (see :ja:聖域なき構造改革). He reformed Independent Administrative Institution staff as privatizated officer, which reduced a half of civil service.

</doc>
<doc id="2900955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900955" title="Varmint hunting">
Varmint hunting

Varmint hunting is the practice of hunting vermin, generally small mammals targeted as a means of pest control, rather than for food. "Varminter" may refer to a "varmint hunter", or describe hunting equipment either specifically designed for, or suitable for varmint hunting, such as a varmint rifle. Varmint hunters may hunt to protect their own property, for a bounty offered by another landowner or the government, or simply for sport.
Targets of varmint hunting.
The term "varmint" is a US colloquial term for "vermin", though it refers more specifically to mammal or bird pests, including:
Products.
Characteristics.
Since varmint hunting is a form of pest control, and minimally regulated by law, the definition of what constitutes a "Varminter" product tends to vary by regional pests. The definitive varmints are ground burrowing animals such as groundhogs and prairie dogs. These animals are small and difficult to approach closely, and hunting them requires a long range, highly accurate rifle. Because of this, most products labeled "varminter" will generally fit the following characteristics:

</doc>
<doc id="2900957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900957" title="Atomic Skull">
Atomic Skull

Atomic Skull is the name of two different DC Comics supervillains, both of whom are foes of Superman.
Fictional character biography.
Albert Michaels.
Albert Michaels was a brilliant but distinctly unfriendly scientist-administrator at S.T.A.R. Labs with a rare nervous system disorder that short-circuited the electrical impulses in his brain, creating painful and uncontrollable seizures. When he could not find a cure, he secretly contacted the criminal organization SKULL, and they implanted him with a radium-powered device designed to harness his neural disorder into deadly atomic "brain-blasts" in exchange for him becoming their agent. However, these mental blasts were difficult to control and only made his condition worse, a situation he blamed on Superman after the Man of Steel captured the only SKULL scientists who could have cured him. Swearing revenge, the evil genius donned his distinctive yellow and green costume with its visored cowl-topped skull mask and eventually became the organization's leader, flying around in a sleek skull-shaped hovercraft of his own design assisted by his similarly costumed lover Felicia who was a panther he had artificially evolved into human form. 
Following "Crisis on Infinite Earths", Michaels made one appearance, battling Thunder and Lightning in "Teen Titans Spotlight". It is assumed his background has not changed, although instead of being diagnosed with a nervous disorder, it was said that his powers came because he sought immortality and presumably mutated himself. It is not known if he ever fought the Post-Crisis version of Superman before as his first (Post-Crisis) appearance was in "Captain Atom", yet his history with S.T.A.R. Labs and SKULL remained as established in "The DC Comics Encyclopedia".
The original Atomic Skull returned in 2007 in the book "Birds of Prey". Michaels also appeared in the miniseries "Villains United", where he joined Luthor's Society.
The New 52.
In The New 52 (a reboot of the DC Comics universe), the Albert Michaels version of Atomic Skull is set to appear in Action Comics Annual, penned by "Chronicle" writer Max Landis. 
When a S.T.A.R. Labs sub crashes far below the surface of the ocean, one of its scientists is exposed to experimental radiation. He is washed to shore, with memories of the life he had, and the woman he loved and lost. Alone on a desert island, he fights to survive, eating the local, tropical vegetation. When a leopard finds and attacks him, he unexpectedly emits a blast of radiation that vaporizes the feline's body. Eventually, he learns to use this power to his benefit, killing animals for food, and blasting away holes in the rock faces for shelter. The radiation soon takes its toll on him, as he remembers how he had caught his wife flirting with someone at a dance club and murdered her in a jealous rage. In anger, he destroys most of the island. His face, meanwhile, practically melts away, revealing his radioactive skull. 
Joseph Martin.
Student Joseph Martin was struck by an intense blast of energy from the Dominators' gene-bomb that gave him superhuman strength and caused his flesh to become invisible. Later attacked by some thugs, the resulting brain damage caused insanity, and he took on the guise of "The Atomic Skull" who was a hero from an old movie serial that he loved. He also emitted dangerous amounts of radiation, later gaining the ability to project it as energy blasts. He has plagued Superman, whom he believed to be the serial's villain Doctor Electron, and Lois Lane, whom he saw as the Skull's love interest, Zelda Wentworth.
He was later given enhanced powers by the demon Neron in exchange for his soul. Cured of his delusions, he at first intended to follow the character's example for real as a superhero, but has since appeared as a more conventional villain.
He is killed in battle by the Maximums, an alternate reality superhero team, but is later seen alive in the pages of "Action Comics", assuming Mr. Mxyzptlk reversed his death along with other events having to do with the Maximums.
Recently, Martin crashed a movie premiere in Hollywood, having become obsessed with an actress who was in the film. He was defeated by Manhunter.
Martin was among the villains in the ambush of the JSA led by Tapeworm.
While Superman is off-world, Atomic Skull attempts to cause trouble in downtown Metropolis, but is defeated by Mon-El.
The New 52.
In The New 52 (a reboot of the DC Comics universe), the Joseph Martin version of Atomic Skull is seen imprisoned in Kamen Maximum Security Prison.
Powers and abilities.
The original Atomic Skull, Albert Michaels can deliver powerful energy bolts through the visor of his mask. The energy blasts have been described as powerful brainwaves, heat vision, & atomic blasts throughout the years. Aside from his energy attacks, Michaels is also the head of the SKULL organization and a brilliant scientist. 
Joseph Martin has superhuman strength, agility and endurance, greater than that of Superboy, Conner Kent and is comparable to the likes of Superman & Mon-El. He can also produce purple atomic blasts from his hands and mouth for long range attacks and use the same energy to power up his already impressive physical strength to a higher degree.
Other versions.
Movie Serial.
The Atomic Skull is the name of Joseph Martin's favorite hero from a (fictional) 12-episode movie serial made by National Film Studios in 1936. The serial stars Lawrence Dennis (according to "Superman Villains Secret Files") as the titular character. This Atomic Skull was originally government agent Joe Martin who investigated the evil Doctor Electron and was transformed into the hideous Atomic Skull by one of Electron's inventions. Despite that, he and Zelda Wentworth, Electron's daughter (played by actress Eleanor Hart, whom Lois Lane has a passing resemblance to), fell in love. Battling Electron and his minions (such as Rocketman) with his heat ray eye-blasts, the Atomic Skull eventually destroyed the mad scientist's plans and returned to normal. The fictional character from the serial is visually identical to the pre-Crisis version.
Dominus' Reality.
In a story featuring the reality-altering villain Dominus recreating various pre-Crisis Superman continuities, the supposed Golden Age Atomic Skull was first introduced. He was Lawrence Dennis, an actor and Nazi sympathizer who used his reputation as the hero of the "Curse of the Atomic Skull" serial as a platform to promote Nazism.
Superman: Red Son.
Atomic Skull is featured in the alternate reality "" as one of Lex Luthor's experiments.
Flashpoint.
In the alternate timeline of the "Flashpoint" event, Atomic Skull is imprisoned in military Doom prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2900960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900960" title="Insulin shock therapy">
Insulin shock therapy

Insulin shock therapy or insulin coma therapy (ICT) was a form of psychiatric treatment in which patients were repeatedly injected with large doses of insulin in order to produce daily comas over several weeks. It was introduced in 1927 by Austrian-American psychiatrist Manfred Sakel and used extensively in the 1940s and 1950s, mainly for schizophrenia, before falling out of favour and being replaced by neuroleptic drugs in the 1960s. 
It was one of a number of physical treatments introduced into psychiatry in the first four decades of the twentieth century. These included the convulsive therapies (cardiazol/metrazol therapy and electroconvulsive therapy), deep sleep therapy and psychosurgery. Insulin coma therapy and the convulsive therapies are collectively known as the shock therapies.
Origins.
In 1927 Sakel, who had recently qualified as a doctor in Vienna and was working in a psychiatric clinic in Berlin, began to use low (sub-coma) doses of insulin to treat drug addicts and psychopaths. Having returned to Vienna, he treated schizophrenic patients with larger doses of insulin in order to produce coma and sometimes convulsions. Sakel made public his results in 1933 and his methods were soon taken up by other psychiatrists. 
Joseph Wortis, after seeing Sakel practice it in 1935, introduced it to the USA. British psychiatrists from the Board of Control visited Vienna in 1935 and 1936, and by 1938 thirty-one hospitals in England and Wales had insulin treatment units. In 1936 Sakel moved to New York and promoted the use of insulin coma treatment in American psychiatric hospitals. By the late 1940s the majority of psychiatric hospitals in the USA were using insulin coma treatment.
Technique.
Insulin coma therapy was a labour-intensive treatment that required trained staff and a special unit. Patients, who were almost invariably diagnosed with schizophrenia, were selected on the basis of having a good prognosis and the physical strength to withstand an arduous treatment. There were no standard guidelines for treatment; different hospitals and psychiatrists developed their own protocols. Typically, injections were administered six days a week for about two months. 
The daily insulin dose was gradually increased to 100–150 units until comas were produced, at which point the dose would be levelled out. Occasionally doses of up to 450 units were used. After about 50 or 60 comas, or earlier if the psychiatrist thought that maximum benefit had been achieved, the dose of insulin was rapidly reduced before treatment was stopped. Courses of up to 2 years have been documented.
After the insulin injection patients would experience various symptoms of decreased blood glucose: flushing, pallor, perspiration, salivation, drowsiness or restlessness. Sopor and coma—if the dose was high enough—would follow. Each coma would last for up to an hour and be terminated by intravenous glucose. Seizures sometimes occurred before or during the coma. Many would be tossing, rolling, moaning, twitching, spasming or thrashing around. 
Some psychiatrists regarded seizures as therapeutic and patients were sometimes also given electroconvulsive therapy or cardiazol/metrazol convulsive therapy during the coma, or on the day of the week when they didn’t have insulin treatment. When they were not in a coma, insulin coma patients were kept together in a group and given special treatment and attention; one handbook for psychiatric nurses, written by British psychiatrist Eric Cunningham Dax, instructs nurses to take their insulin patients out walking and occupy them with games and competitions, flower-picking and map-reading, etc. Patients required continuous supervision as there was a danger of hypoglycaemic aftershocks after the coma.
In "modified insulin therapy", used in the treatment of neurosis, patients were given lower (sub-coma) doses of insulin.
Effects.
Although a few psychiatrists (including Sakel) claimed success rates for insulin coma therapy of over 80 percent in the treatment of schizophrenia, and a few argued that it merely sped up remission in those patients who would undergo remission anyway, the consensus at the time was somewhere in between - claiming a success rate of about 50 percent in patients who had been ill for less than a year (about double the spontaneous remission rate) with no influence on relapse. 
Sakel suggested the therapy worked by "causing an intensification of the tonus of the parasympathetic end of the autonomic nervous system, by blockading the nerve cell, and by strengthening the anabolic force which induces the restoration of the normal function of the nerve cell and the recovery of the patient." The shock therapies in general had developed on the erroneous premise that epilepsy and schizophrenia rarely occurred in the same patient. Another theory was that patients were somehow "jolted" out of their mental illness.
The hypoglycemia (pathologically low glucose levels) that resulted from ICT made patients extremely restless, sweaty, and liable to further convulsions and "after-shocks". In addition, patients invariably emerged from the long course of treatment "grossly obese". The most severe risks of insulin coma therapy were death and brain damage, resulting from irreversible or prolonged coma respectively. A study at the time claimed that many of the cases of brain damage were actually therapeutic improvement because they showed "loss of tension and hostility". Mortality risk estimates varied from about one percent to 4.9 percent.
Decline.
Insulin coma therapy was used in most hospitals in the United States and the United Kingdom during the 1940s and 1950s, but the numbers of patients were restricted by the requirement for intensive medical and nursing supervision and the length of time it took to complete a course of treatment. For example at one typical large British psychiatric hospital, Severalls Hospital in Essex, insulin coma treatment was given to 39 patients in 1956. The same year 18 patients received modified insulin treatment, whilst 432 patients were given electroconvulsive treatment. 
In 1953 British psychiatrist Harold Bourne published a paper entitled "The insulin myth" in the "Lancet", in which he argued that there was no sound basis for believing that insulin coma therapy counteracted the schizophrenic process in a specific way. If treatment worked, he said, it was because patients were chosen for their good prognosis and were given special treatment: "insulin patients tend to be an elite group sharing common privileges and perils". 
In 1957, when insulin coma treatment use was already declining, the "Lancet" published the results of a randomized, controlled trial where patients were either given insulin coma treatment or identical treatment but with unconsciousness produced by barbiturates. There was no difference in outcome between the groups and the authors concluded that, whatever the benefits of the coma regimen, insulin was not the specific therapeutic agent.
In 1958 Bourne published a paper on increasing disillusionment in the psychiatric literature about insulin coma therapy for schizophrenia. He suggested there were several reasons why it had received almost universal uncritical acceptance by revıews and textbooks for several decades despite the occasional disquieting negative finding, including that by the 1930s when it all started schizophrenics were considered inherently unable to engage in psychotherapy, and ICT "provided a personal approach to the schizophrenic, suitably disguised as a physical treatment so as to slip past the prejudices of the age."
Although coma therapy had largely fallen out of use in the USA by the 1970s, it was still being practiced and researched in some hospitals, and may have continued for longer in countries such as China and the Soviet Union.
Recent writing.
Recent articles about insulin coma treatment have attempted to explain why it was given such uncritical acceptance. In the United States Deborah Doroshow writes that insulin coma therapy secured its foothold in psychiatry not because of scientific evidence or knowledge of any mechanism of therapeutic action, but due to the impressions it made on the minds of the medical practitioners within the local world in which it was administered and the dramatic recoveries they saw in some patients. Today, she writes, those who were involved are often ashamed, recalling it as unscientific and inhumane. Administering insulin coma therapy made psychiatry seem a more legitimately medical field. Harold Bourne, who questioned the treatment at the time, is quoted: "It meant that psychiatrists had something to do. It made them feel like real doctors instead of just institutional attendants".
One retired psychiatrist who was interviewed by Doroshow "described being won over because his patients were so sick and alternative treatments did not exist". Doroshow argues that "psychiatrists used complications to exert their practical and intellectual expertise in a hospital setting" and that collective risk-taking established "especially tight bonds among unit staff members". She finds it ironic that psychiatrists "who were willing to take large therapeutic risks were extremely careful in their handling of adverse effects". Psychiatrists interviewed by Doroshow recalled how insulin coma patients were provided with various routines and recreational and group-therapeutic activities, to a much greater extent than most psychiatric patients. Insulin coma specialists often chose patients whose problems were the most recent and who had the best prognosis; in one case discussed by Doroshow a patient had already started to show improvement before insulin coma treatment, and after the treatment denied that it had helped, but the psychiatrists nevertheless argued that it had.
In the United Kingdom psychiatrist Kingsley Jones sees the support of the Board of Control as important in persuading psychiatrists to use insulin coma therapy. The treatment then acquired the privileged status of a standard procedure, protected by professional organizational interests. He also notes that it has been suggested that the Mental Treatment Act 1930 encouraged psychiatrists to experiment with physical treatments.
British lawyer Phil Fennell notes that patients "must have been terrified" by the insulin shock procedures and the effects of the massive overdoses of insulin, and were often rendered more compliant and easier to manage after a course. 
Leonard Roy Frank, an American human rights activist and survivor of 50 forced insulin coma treatments combined with ECT has described the treatment as "the most devastating, painful and humiliating experience of my life", a "flat-out atrocity" glossed over by psychiatric euphemism, and a violation of basic human rights.

</doc>
<doc id="2900961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900961" title="Total body irradiation">
Total body irradiation

Total body irradiation (TBI) is a form of radiotherapy used primarily as part of the preparative regimen for haematopoietic stem cell (or bone marrow) transplantation. As the name implies, TBI involves irradiation of the entire body, though in modern practice the lungs are often partially shielded to lower the risk of radiation-induced lung injury. Total body irradiation in the setting of bone marrow transplantation serves to destroy or suppress the recipient's immune system, preventing immunologic rejection of transplanted donor bone marrow or blood stem cells. Additionally, high doses of total body irradiation can eradicate residual cancer cells in the transplant recipient, increasing the likelihood that the transplant will be successful.
Dosage.
Doses of total body irradiation used in bone marrow transplantation typically range from 10 to >12 Gy. For reference, a dose of 4.5 Gy is fatal in 50% of exposed individuals without aggressive medical care. Such high total body doses are made possible by spreading the total dose out between several sessions, or "fractions," with an interval of time in between allowing other normal tissues some time to repair some of the damage caused. However, at these doses, total body irradiation both destroys the patient's bone marrow (allowing donor marrow to engraft) and kills residual cancer cells. Non-myeloablative bone marrow transplantation uses lower doses of total body irradiation, typically about 2 Gy, which do not destroy the host bone marrow but do suppress the host immune system sufficiently to promote donor engraftment.
In modern practice, total body irradiation is typically fractionated. Early research in bone marrow transplantation by E. Donnall Thomas and colleagues demonstrated that this process of splitting TBI into multiple smaller doses resulted in lower toxicity and better outcomes than delivering a single, large dose.
Usage in other cancers.
In addition to its use in bone marrow transplantation, total body irradiation has been explored as a treatment modality for high-risk Ewing sarcoma. However, subsequent findings suggest that TBI in this setting causes toxicity without improving disease control, and TBI is not currently used in the treatment of Ewing sarcoma outside of clinical trials.
Fertility.
Total body irradiation results in female infertility in most cases, with recovery of gonadal function occurring in 10−14% of cases. The number of pregnancies observed after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation involving such as procedure is lower than 2%. Fertility preservation measures mainly include cryopreservation of ovarian tissue, embryos or oocytes.

</doc>
<doc id="2900962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900962" title="United States gubernatorial elections, 2008">
United States gubernatorial elections, 2008

The United States gubernatorial elections of 2008 were the elections of state and territorial governors and were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008 in 11 states and 2 territories. Prior to the election, eight of the total seats were held by Democrats and five by Republicans. Two governors were prohibited by term limits from seeking re-election in 2008.
These elections coincided with the presidential election, as well as the elections of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives and countless local elections, state elections and ballot propositions.
Results by state.
Retired Democratic governors.
Ruth Ann Minner (Delaware).
Ruth Ann Minner was term limited in 2008. As of 2008, Democrats have controlled the Delaware governorship for 16 years. In an upset, state Treasurer Jack Markell defeated Lieutenant Governor John Carney by 51 to 49% for the Democratic nomination on September 9. The Republican nominee was former state Superior Court Judge William Swain "Bill" Lee, defeating airline pilot Michael Protrack. Lee was the Republican nominee for Governor in 2004, and lost to Minner by a narrow margin.
The race got more attention due to the Vice Presidential candidacy of U.S. Senator Joe Biden. Since Biden, a senator, was elected to be Vice President, he needed to resign his Senate seat. The new Governor was then called upon to appoint someone to replace Biden in the Senate. Since Lee would naturally have been more inclined to select a Republican, his election could have caused a Republican pickup in the Senate by proxy. However, he was defeated by a wide margin on election day by Markell. Senator Biden resigned his seat in the United States Senate on January 15, 2009, and Governor Minner appointed Ted Kaufman to Biden's seat. Kaufman had previously served as Senator Biden's Chief of Staff during his tenure in the United States Senate.
Mike Easley (North Carolina).
Mike Easley was term limited in 2008, in another state whose Governorship has been held by Democrats for 16 years. Democratic Lieutenant Governor Beverly Perdue was the Democratic nominee, defeating Charlotte Mayor Pat McCrory, the Republican nominee.
Retired Republican governors.
Matt Blunt (Missouri).
Matt Blunt was considered to be the most vulnerable incumbent in the 2008 election cycle, but decided on January 22, 2008 not to seek re-election. Blunt's approval rating was the nation's second-lowest after Governor Ernie Fletcher of Kentucky for much of 2007, though his approval rating improved and approached 50% in a May poll conducted by SurveyUSA.
The Republican nominee was Congressman Kenny Hulshof. The Democratic nominee was four-term Missouri Attorney General Jay Nixon, who ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in 1998. Nixon defeated Hulshof comfortably, despite the fact that Missouri ultimately voted for John McCain, a Republican, for President. Missouri was the only state not to re-elect the incumbent party for Governor in 2008.
Democratic incumbents.
Togiola Tulafono (American Samoa).
American Samoa's Togiola Tulafono sought re-election in 2008 with Lieutenant Governor Ipulasi Aitofele Sunia. He won his first term 55.7% to 44.3% in the 2004 run-off against Afoa Moega Lutu. Tulafono was again challenged by Afoa Moega Lutu and Velega Savali, who ran as a nonpartisan team for governor and lieutenant governor respectively. Utu Abe Malae and Tuika Tuika also ran to become the next Governor on separate, nonpartisan tickets. Tulafono won in a close vote that split three ways.
Brian Schweitzer (Montana).
Democrat Brian Schweitzer of Montana (running with Lt. Governor John Bohlinger) was heavily favored to win re-election as he had better funding and high approval ratings as current Governor. The Republican nominee was State Senator Roy Brown (running with Steve Gaines), and the Libertarian nominee was Stan Jones (running with Michael Baker).Missoulian: Sen. Roy Brown to seek Republican nomination for governor<br>Posted on Oct. 30</ref> Schweitzer won some press coverage with his well-received speech to the 2008 Democratic National Convention He was criticized, however, for a speech in July in which he jested that he helped defeat U.S. Senator Conrad Burns in 2006 by tampering with the vote totals [http://www.helenair.com/articles/2008/09/11/top/55st_080911_tampering.txt, which he insisted was purely a joke. Schweitzer won re-election by a comfortable margin despite the criticism.
John Lynch (New Hampshire).
In New Hampshire, Democrat John Lynch easily won re-election against State Senator Joseph D. Kenney, the Republican nominee.[http://www.kenney08.com/]
NOTE: New Hampshire's gubernatorial elections are held every in alternate (even-numbered) years, instead of every fourth year.
Aníbal Acevedo Vilá (Puerto Rico).
Aníbal Acevedo Vilá of Puerto Rico ran for a second term in 2008. In 2004, Acevedo narrowly beat former Governor and Senator Pedro Rosselló, also a Democrat, by a mere 3,566 votes.
Republican at-large Resident Commissioner Luis Fortuño, who announced in December 2006 that he would not again seek re-election to his current post, ran against him. There was also a movement to elect Senator Rosselló as a write-in choice for governor.
The Puerto Rican Independence Party's candidate was Edwin Irizarry Mora, while a fourth candidate, Rogelio Figueroa (Puerto Ricans for Puerto Rico Party), ran on an environmentalist platform.
Acevedo was defeated by Fortuño on election day. The federal indictment against Acevedo for alleged corruption schemes when he was in Congress, and generally low approval, may have been a drag on his candidacy and chances of winning re-election.
Christine Gregoire (Washington).
Democrat Christine Gregoire (campaign website) is perhaps best known for having won in 2004 by 133 votes in the third official count, after having lost the initial count by 261 votes and the first recount by 24 votes. Her 2004 opponent, Republican former State Senator Dino Rossi (campaign website), officially announced his candidacy on October 25, 2007. Pre-election SurveyUSA polls showed Gregoire leading Rossi by a statistically insignificant 50% to 47% margin. A September 10 poll by Rasmussen Reports showed Rossi pulling ahead by a 52% to 46% margin [http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/election_20082/2008_governor_elections/washington/election_2008_washington_governor]. The race was expected to be extremely close, but Gregoire was reelected by a wider than expected margin of 7.44%.
Joe Manchin (West Virginia).
Democrat Joe Manchin ran for re-election in West Virginia and was heavily favored according to pre-election polls. On November 4, he faced former State Senator Russ Weeks, a Republican, and Mountain Party candidate Jesse Johnson, who ran in 2004. Butch Paugh of the Constitution Party also attempted a run but failed to qualify for the ballot. Manchin won re-election by a landslide.
Republican incumbents.
Mitch Daniels (Indiana).
Incumbent Republican Mitch Daniels (campaign website) faced Democratic nominee former Congresswoman and Undersecretary of Agriculture Jill Long Thompson (campaign website), and Libertarian nominee engineer Andy Horning (campaign website) who also ran for Governor in 2000.
Some pundits thought Mitch Daniels was vulnerable in 2008, but polling taken by SurveyUSA on October 21 and 22, 2008 showed Daniels with a significant 54-35 lead. Daniels won re-election easily, confirming these predictions.
While Indiana had not voted Democratic for President since 1964, Daniels was the first Republican elected governor in 16 years there. Daniels was also endorsed by the state's largest newspapers, the Indianapolis Star, the Evansville Courier & Press, the Fort Wayne Journal Gazette, The Times of Northwest Indiana, the Gary Post-Tribune and the Louisville Courier-Journal.
John Hoeven (North Dakota).
Republican John Hoeven announced he would seek re-election for a third term in 2008. Governor Hoeven won re-election with 74% of the vote. Soundly defeating the Democratic gubernatorial nominee, State Senator Tim Mathern, (24%) and independent candidate DuWayne Hendrickson (2%).
Jon Huntsman, Jr. (Utah).
Jon Huntsman, Jr. was heavily favored to win re-election in Utah. As of 2008, Republicans have controlled the Utah governorship for 24 years. Democrat Bob Springmeyer challenged Huntsman, but was decisively defeated.
Jim Douglas (Vermont).
Three-term incumbent Jim Douglas ran as a Republican, and House Speaker Gaye Symington ran as a Democrat. Other candidates included Anthony Pollina of the Vermont Progressive Party and Cris Ericson of the Marijuana Party. Douglas was re-elected.
Total Results.
At the 2008 Elections, all 55 governorships of the states and territories were occupied. However, in the 2008 election cycle, only thirteen seats were up for election- eleven were statewide, and two were territorial. Eight seats were held by Democrats, and the remaining five were held by Republicans. Each state/territory elects its own governor separately, so the number of seats won are not based on proportional share of the vote. Here is the summary of results.
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" colspan="2" rowspan="2" | Party
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center colspan="2" | Popular Vote
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" colspan="2" rowspan="2" | Seats Won
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right| Vote
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right| %
! colspan=2 align=left | Total

</doc>
<doc id="2900969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900969" title="Indian Pentecostal Church of God">
Indian Pentecostal Church of God

The Indian Pentecostal Church of God (IPC) is the largest indigenous Pentecostal denomination in India. The Christian movement in India was pioneered by the disciple of Lord Jesus Christ, Thomas the Apostle, who traveled outside the Roman Empire to preach the Gospel, traveling as far as India. According to tradition, the Apostle reached Muziris, India in 52 AD and baptized several people. The origins of the Indian Pentecostal Church of God can be traced back to the Pentecostal movement in India to the early 20th century and the church has been growing ever since. The great revival of the twentieth century broke out in Central Travancore among the traditional Christian churches. As a result of the movement of the Holy Spirit, several congregations and prayer fellowships evolved under various independent leaderships in Malankara.
The chief architect of IPC was Pastor K.E.Abraham, a powerful orator and writer. Pastor K.E. Abraham received the baptism of the Holy Spirit in 1923. Apostle P. M. Samuel, Pastor K.C.Cherian, Pastor P.T.Chacko, Pastor K.C.Oommen, Pastor P.T. Mathew and many others were also filled with the Holy Spirit in Nineteen Twenties. Gradually a fellowship was formed by these independent leaders and the first united Convention was held at Ranny in 1925 April. These fathers of faith, In 1935 registered ‘The Indian Pentecostal Church of God’ as a Religious Society at Eluru, Andhra Pradesh. The First President was Apostle P.M.Samuel. Presently, IPC has over 7000 congregations around the world. Administrative headquarters is at Hebron, Kumbanadu, Kerala, India.
The local churches belonging to this movement span the length and breadth of India as well as countries outside India in North America, Middle-East, Europe and Australia. The local churches under IPC are by origin, administration and its practices truly indigenous and are led by local ministers and leaders. The current executives are Rev. Jacob John (General President), Rev. Dr. Baby Varghese (General Vice-President) and Rev. Dr. K.C. John (General Secretary).
Beliefs.
Statement of faith.
The Statement of Faith is the Indian Pentecostal Church of God's doctrinal standard. It articulates both an evangelical and Pentecostal doctrinal position with Wesleyan influences. The following is a summary of the Statement of Faith:
History.
Origins (Early 20th Century).
The history of IPC is more or less related mainly to the person Pastor. K E Abraham who was a separatist during the period of native revival movement in Travancore. K E Abraham and K V Simon were the two leaders of separatist movement. Under their guidance there were churches formed. The missionaries from the west also came at the same time to South India for the propagation of the Pentecostal doctrine. Many native people accepted it. In June 22, 1923, Abraham also received the gift of the Spirit (speaking in tongue) and became a Pentecostal believer at the house of C. Manasseh at Paraniyam at Neyyattinkara. Once he accepted the Pentecostal faith, the separatists did not accept him. Since he was rejected from his own people, he was praying to God for a way to continue in ministry and worship.
During the time of rejection and separation from his own people, he wrote a book, Baptism of the Holy Spirit which made a way for him to be known; it opened many ways to preach and to propagate the Pentecostal message. The first Pentecostal church was formed by his ministry in Mulakuzha, followed by churches in Ranni, Pandalam, Elanthoor and Vettiyar. Following that, more churches were established and subsequently in April 13, 1924 a monthly gathering was started with all these churches, which is still continuing among all the IPC churches in different places. These independent movement churches were given a name in July 1924 ‘Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha’ (The South India Pentecostal Church of God). Even when Abraham and colleagues formed these independent churches, they were in cooperation with Rev. Robert F. Cook who headed “Thennindia Poorna Suvishesha Daivasabha” and Mary Chapman the assemblies of God missionary.
There was a dispute on a ‘land registration’ with Assemblies of God, which caused Abraham to disconnect his relationship with the AG church for a while, at least until the return of Rev. Robert F. Cook from America. When Cook returned Pastor K.E Abraham along with Rev. Cook formed a new organization called Malankara Pentecost Daivasabha by merging the “Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha” (K E Abraham) and “Thennindia Poorna Suvishesha Daivasabha” (Robert F. Cook). These churches had affiliation from Assemblies God as an independent denomination. However, Malankara Pentecosthu Daivasabha was a native movement under the leadership of Cook and K E Abraham. The joint venture helped the church grow faster and many accepted the new faith.
Even though Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha and Thennindia Poorna Suvishesha Daivasabha merged, the churches that were under the jurisdiction of Abraham kept an independent nature; it is evident as one goes through Pastor Abraham’s biography. Even though the two organizations merged there was a separate meeting of the Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha held at the house of Abraham in April 9, 1927.
In 1929, the Malankara Pentecost Daivasabha completely separated from the fellowship of AG due to their restriction concerning the ministerial areas for the work of the missionaries. It was not acceptable to Abraham and other native ministers; therefore, they encouraged Cook to detach Malankara Pentecost Daivasabha from AG fellowship. Cook, who was also aware of the future of Pentecostal movement, decided to detach from AG mission and thought of giving more opening to the native ministers for ministry and administration.
The unity between Cook and Abraham did not last longer because Abraham decided to separate from Cook in January 1930. There are two reasons Abraham indicted for the decision behind separation, first, the freedom of local churches and second, the assumption that an apostolic faith life will not be possible by being with Cook. The diplomatic thought of apostolic life was the influence of Pastor Paul who came and preached in South India. Pastor Paul is the founder of Cylon Pentecostal Mission, which is today know as ‘The Pentecostal Mission’. Some of the believers from Kumbanad tried to unite Rev. Cook and Abraham, but it did not work out.
Abraham accepted the same name that was given to the independent churches in 1924 as ‘Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha’. After the separation from Cook, Pastor P M Samuel joined Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha with the seventeen churches that he had established. The churches also grew in number in the ministry of native ministers. Since Abraham and his colleagues were challenged by the life and faith of Pastor Paul, they also decided to follow “the Apostolic Faith life”.
The Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha came in cooperation with the “Ceylon Pentecostal Mission” in 1930 and the fellowship and ministry together existed until 1933, but Abraham had to leave the fellowship due to some doctrinal differences and differences regarding baptism. When Abraham, Alwin and Paul failed to settle the issue after many written discussions, Abraham took a decision to separate from Ceylon Pentecostal Mission in 1933. It was the Ceylon Pentecostal Mission chief Pastor Paul who ordained K E Abraham in 1933 as Pastor.
The era of expansion and renaming(1933-1950).
By 1933 the ministry of Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha expanded outside Kerala state, therefore, the ministers requested the leaders of the church to establish a council. The first minister’s council was formed in June 5, 1933. There were 16 members selected in the council and they were 1. Pastor P.M. Samuel (President) Faith Home, Thogur, Tanjore Dist. Missionary
2. Pastor K.C. Cherian (Vice - President) Faith Home, Kankanady, South Kanara. Missionary
3. Pastor K.E. Abraham Faith Home, Kumbanad, Travancore Missionary
4. Pastor T. Kochukunju Faith Home, Trivandrum, Travancore. Missionary
5. Pastor K.C. Oommen Faith Home, Kumbanad, Travancore. Missionary 
6. Pastor P.T. Mathew Poovathur, Kumbanad, Travancore. Missionary
7. Pastor V.V. Thomas Faith Home, Ranni West, Travancore. Missionary
8. Pastor P.O. Thomas Salem, Ranni East, Travancore. Missionary
9. Pastor T.G. Oommen Ayroor, Kozhencherry, Travancore. Missionary
10. Pastor P.T. Varghese Faith Home, Kunnamkulam, Cochin State. Missionary
11. Pastor K. M. Zachariah Punnakadu, Kozhencherry, Travancore. Missionary
12. Evang. T.V. Issac Kunnamkulam, Cochin State. Teacher
13. Evang. P.M. Thomas B.A. Kalpathi, Palghat, Malabar Gospel Work.Missionary
14. Evang. E.K. John 'Bethel', Kottarakkara, Travancore. Missionary
15. Evang. M. Simon Faith Home, Calicut, Malabar, Missionary
16. Evang. P.T. Chacko B.D., (Secretary) Kumbanad, Travancore, Missionary
Pastor P M Samuel was selected as the first president of this independent church and the council was registered in Aranmula. The head office of the church was in Kumbanad, Kerala. Since the work of the Thennindia Pentecosthu Daivasabha reached far beyond South India, the name was changed to India Pentecosthu Daivasabha (Indian Pentecostal Church of God). The church registered in Eluru, Andhra Pradesh under the Societies Act XXI of 1860 on 9 December 1935. K E Abraham started a bible school at his house, which was unnamed until 1932 and then given the name India Bible College & Seminary (Commonly known as IBC or Hebron Bible College). IBC is an institution that has trained more than 14,000 church leaders, pastors, missionaries, evangelists and students belonging to various denominations for over 83 years.
The church since 1950s.
Thereafter, the IPC made a remarkable progress in founding churches and taking the gospel to different parts of Kerala as well as other states of India. By 1950, IPC was the leading Pentecostal denomination in South Kerala. However, the period from 1953-1966 was also marked as the period when church split also referred to as ‘the Dark Age’ of IPC. The split among IPC leaders caused many to leave the denomination. The division briefly affected the growth of the church and it is written that Pastor Abraham had contemplated leaving the organization. However, God enabled him to stay and lead the church for many successful years. After the 1970s the church formed a national council for the smooth expansion of the church. Today, with more than a 7500 congregations, IPC has churches in all the major continents of the earth. The native leaders’ vision and hard work can be primarily attributed to the growth of the IPC.
Pastor P. M. Samuel from Andhra Pradesh was chosen as the first president, K. C. Cherian as the vice president, and P. T. Chacko as the secretary. Pastor P M Samuel was followed by Pastor K E Abraham, Pastor T. G Oommen, Pastor P L Paramjyothi, Pastor V. T Joseph, Pastor K.M Joseph, Pastor K.G. Koshy, Pastor T S Abraham and Rev. Dr. K C John. The current executive committee consists of Rev. Jacob John as General President, Rev. Dr. Baby Varghese as General Vice-President and Rev. Dr. K C John as General Secretary.
Related bodies.
There are many auxiliary ministries associated with IPC such as Bible Colleges & schools, Pentecostal Young People Association (PYPA), Fellowship of Women - Indian Pentecostal Women's Association, Sunday School and Christian publications, magazines and journals. All these auxiliary ministries have contributed to the growth of Pentecost entirely. PYPA is one of the leading auxiliary ministries and a grooming ground for new leaders and preachers for the church. Many talented ministers and believers have emerged and continue to emerge from the folds of PYPA. The Sunday school association also has been carrying a systematic ministry for years. The Sunday School consists of 14 grades and the people that faithfully complete the 14th class are awarded a Diploma in Theology from IPC Sunday School Association.
Kumbanad Convention.
First General Convention of IPC was held at Kalakkattu Purayidam near Ittyappara Ranni from Wednesday 1st April to Sunday 5th April 1925.
The famous Kumbanad convention is an annual Pentecostal convention that is held by the Indian Pentecostal Church of God at Hebronpuram, Kumbanad. It is one of the oldest and the largest Pentecostal conventions in India. The convention is usually held in January and 90th Kumbanad Convention was held from Jan 19th-Jan 26th of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2900979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900979" title="Bloodsport (comics)">
Bloodsport (comics)

Bloodsport is the name of three DC Comics mercenary villains, they are enemies of Superman.
Fictional character biographies.
Robert DuBois.
First appearing in "Superman" Vol. 2 #4 (April 1987). An African-American man named Robert DuBois has a mental breakdown and becomes obsessed with the Vietnam War, after learning that his brother, Michael aka "Micky" had gone to fight in his place and became a quadruple amputee. An agent of Lex Luthor persuades DuBois that Superman is the enemy and supplies DuBois with a teleporter and weapons including bullets made from kryptonite. DuBois adopts the name Bloodsport, rampaging through Metropolis, and injures Superman with the kryptonite bullets before collapsing when confronted by his brother. Bloodsport appears in JLA/Avengers as a villain who ambushes the Vision and Aquaman with a group of other villains.
Alex Trent.
First appearing in The Adventures of Superman #506, Alex Trent is a fanatical racist, a member of the Aryan Brotherhood, a white supremacist group that Perry White and Franklin Stern encountered when they were younger. He adopts the name Bloodsport, ironically used previously by an African American. He also has a similar teleporter grafted into his body, which he can likewise use to summon weapons. He is captured by Superman after Ron Troupe destroys the warehouse from which he was teleporting his weapons.
Some time later, in an effort to provide an outlet for rising tensions at Stryker's Island Prison, a boxing match between the two Bloodsports is organized. Trent is able to activate his teleporter, and bring in weaponry. In the resulting confusion, DuBois is killed while trying to escape. Trent is later burned in his prison cell by the Brotherhood for showing weakness in front of DuBois.
The teleporter technology has since been used by the anti-corporate vigilante Demolitia.
Unnamed.
A new Bloodsport has recently appeared in Superman comics, teaming up with Hellgrammite and Riot, but little has been revealed about him thus far.
One year later.
Bloodsport is seen among the captured villains in "Salvation Run". 

</doc>
<doc id="2900982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900982" title="Washington gubernatorial election, 2008">
Washington gubernatorial election, 2008

The gubernatorial election in Washington, 2008 elected the Governor of Washington on November 4, 2008. With the emergence from the August 19 primary of Republican Dino Rossi and incumbent Democratic Governor Christine Gregoire, the 2008 election was a rematch between the candidates from the 2004 election. That election was the closest in Washington State history with each receiving 49 percent of the vote and Rossi winning the first two of three counts. In contrast to the recounts and months of legal challenges in their previous contest, Dino Rossi conceded defeat in the election to Gregoire on November 5, earning 46 percent of the vote.
Candidates.
Candidates for office
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" valign=top|Candidate
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9"|Stated Party Preference
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9"|Website
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9"|Notes
Controversy over Rossi's party preference.
Under the changes to election law made by the passage of Initiative 872, partisan contests are no longer tied to registered parties, but candidates are allowed to indicate an arbitrary "party preference" to appear next to their name on the primary and general election ballots. An extreme example of this occurred in the 40th District race for state senator, where candidate Timothy Stoddard indicated a preference for the "Salmon Yoga" party.
Republican candidate Dino Rossi listed his party preference as "G.O.P." instead of the traditional party name "Republican". Critics of Rossi contended that the choice of party name was an attempt to distance himself from any negative opinions associated with the Republican Party. Rossi's campaign argued that the difference was insignificant, saying voters are already aware that the terms refer to the same party. However, an Elway Research poll taken in August 2008 found that over 25% of registered voters were not aware that the term "GOP" meant the Republican Party.
On September 23, the Washington State Democrats filed a lawsuit against the Secretary of State to force the state to list Rossi to on the general election ballot as a Republican instead of with the "GOP Party" label, alleging that the latter is a misrepresentation of his true party affiliation. A King County Superior Court judge dismissed the suit, saying nothing in state law made the choice of party name illegal, though he acknowledged the potential confusion. Had the lawsuit succeeded, many counties would have had to reprint their ballots, and the already-cast absentee votes of military personnel may have become invalid.
Primary Elections.
The Washington primary election was held August 19, 2008. For the first time, Washington ran a top-two primary, eliminating the "pick a party" primary used since 2004. Unlike traditional primaries, wherein each party with more than one candidate is reduced to a single person to appear on the general election ballot, the system simply reduces the entire crop of candidates from all parties down to the top two vote-getters, resulting in no more than two candidates appearing on the general election ballot for a given position. As a result, candidates from all parties were essentially running against each other. To allow for ideological identification, each candidate in a partisan race was allowed to indicate an arbitrary party preference.
Primary results.
While the primary was officially held on August 19, 2008, some counties such as King County allow absentee ballots to be postmarked by that date in order to be valid. As a result, the primary vote tally may not be officially certified until as late as September 9, to allow time for mailed-in ballots to arrive and be counted by the counties. As an increasing number of counties allow, encourage, or mandate mail-in ballots for voters within the county, the number of such ballots can be significant.
The vote tally as of October 10 is as follows:
General Election.
Christine Gregoire and Dino Rossi were declared the winners of the primary and placed on the ballot for the November 4th election, which coincided with the national election. However, with all Washington counties either exclusively or (in the case of Pierce and King counties) predominantly voting via mail-in ballot, many votes were cast prior to that date. King County, the largest county in the state, and the one which carried Gregoire to victory in 2004, sent out overseas absentee ballots on October 5, and resident mail-in ballots on October 17.
In Washington state, mail-in ballots only need to be postmarked, not received, by November 4, meaning that valid ballots will continue to be received and counted after that date. For the 2008 election, counties had until November 26 to send results to the state, and the Secretary of State had until December 4 to certify all state results.
Police Guild press conference incident.
At an August 7 press conference held by the Seattle Police Officers Guild to declare its endorsement of Rossi, the Guild forcibly removed Kelly Akers, a Gregoire campaign staffer who was filming the event, from the premises. The Rossi campaign reiterated a standing policy to prevent opposing campaigns from filming Rossi's appearances, to deny them the ability to take "attack footage". Rossi's campaign staff includes a cameraman tasked with filming Gregoire appearances.
Debates.
Five debates were held
between the Gregoire and Rossi, the candidates in the general election.
The Gregoire campaign had sought a sixth debate in Tacoma, sponsored by the "Tacoma News-Tribune". The Rossi campaign instead sought a sixth debate in Vancouver, Washington sponsored by "The Columbian". The local Camas-Washougal Rotary Club went so far as to reserve a venue for October 8. The campaigns could not agree on either event.
The Gregoire campaign had set aside August 15 for a pre-primary radio debate with Rossi on Seattle NPR station KUOW-FM. Rossi declined to appear, giving Gregoire solo airtime.
Election results.
These are the gubernatorial election results as of 11/25/2008 10:45 PM PST.
Early declaration.
Gregoire declared victory after late evening returns were posted, with 42% of the statewide vote counted, showing her with a 52% lead over Rossi. By 10:30 PM PST (1:30 AM EST) all five major television networks had called the race for Gregoire.
The Rossi campaign called the networks' declarations "premature" and did not concede defeat that evening. Rossi held out hope that late ballots would carry him, as late returns had reversed an early Gregoire lead in 2004. Rossi conceded the next morning.
Concession.
Rossi conceded defeat in the gubernatorial election on November 5. In his concession speech, he indicated that he was not planning a return to politics.

</doc>
<doc id="2900984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900984" title="Robert Gunther">
Robert Gunther

Robert William Theodore Gunther (23 August 1869 – 9 March 1940) was a historian of science, zoologist, and founder of the Museum of the History of Science, Oxford.
Gunther's father, Albert Günther, was Keeper of Zoology at the British Museum in London. Robert Gunther was educated at University College School, attached to University College London. Towards the end of his schooling he attended lectures at University College itself. He was elected to a demyship at Magdalen College, Oxford, in 1887 and took this up in 1888. He joined the Oxford University Scientific Club in his first term at Magdalen and subsequently he took up a Fellowship at the College.
In 1911, Gunther and his family moved to 5 Folly Bridge, an unusual and distinctive tall house on a small island in the River Thames next to the bridge. This made the river central to his life. He was a pioneer of environmental conservation in Oxford.
From 1923, Robert Gunther produced a fourteen volume set of books on "Early Science in Oxford", his "magnum opus", the last appearing in 1945. These were initially produced under the auspices of the Oxford Historical Society and printed at the Clarendon Press, Oxford. A fifteenth volume by his son A. E. Gunther in 1967 covered Robert Gunther himself.
Between 1926 and 1930, Gunther founded the Museum of the History of Science in the Old Ashmolean building, with some difficulty: it is apparent that few of his contemporaries shared his passion for historical scientific instruments, and indeed the Early Science series makes barbed comments about the failure of predecessors in various august bodies to preserve such things. The museum's initial collection was based on the scientific instrument collection of his friend Lewis Evans, donated in 1924.
Gunther died after a short illness, while staying at a friend's house in the south Oxfordshire village of South Stoke. He and his wife, Amy, are buried at Heacham, Norfolk, in the Rolfe family plot, having written their family history. He was succeeded as Curator of the Museum of the History of Science by Frank Sherwood Taylor.
An archive of manuscripts collected by Gunther is held by the Museum of the History of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="2900994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900994" title="Charles II, Duke of Parma">
Charles II, Duke of Parma

Charles Louis of Bourbon-Parma ("Carlo Ludovico di Borbone Parma") (22 December 1799 – 16 April 1883) was King of Etruria (1803–1807), Duke of Lucca (1824–1847), and Duke of Parma (1847–1849).
He was the only son of Louis, Prince of Piacenza, and his wife Infanta Maria Luisa of Spain. Born at the Royal Palace of Madrid at the court of his maternal grandfather King Charles IV of Spain, he spent his first years living at the Spanish court. In 1801, by the Treaty of Aranjuez, Charles became Crown Prince of Etruria, a newly created kingdom formed from territories of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany. Charles moved to Italy with his parents and in 1803, not yet four years old, he succeeded his father as King of Etruria under the name Charles Louis I.
His mother Infanta Maria Luisa assumed the regency while Charles Louis minority lasted. In 1807 Napoleon Bonaparte dissolved the kingdom of Etruria and Charles Louis and his mother took refuge in Spain. In May 1808 they were forced to leave Spain by Napoleon who arrested Charles Louis' mother in a convent in Rome. Between 1811 and 1814 Charles Louis was placed under the care of his grandfather, the deposed King Charles IV of Spain.
After Napoleon's fall, in 1817, Infanta Maria Luisa became Duchess of Lucca in her own right and Charles Louis, age sixteen, became hereditary Prince of Lucca. In 1820 he married Princess Maria Teresa of Savoy. They were a mismatched couple and had only one surviving son.
At his mother's death in 1824, Charles Louis became the reigning Duke of Lucca as Charles I. He had little interest in ruling. He left the duchy in the hands of his ministers and spent most of his time traveling around Europe. A liberal movement led him to abdicate Lucca in favor of the Grand Duke of Tuscany in October 1847 in exchange for financial compensation, as he wanted to retire to private life. Two months later, in December 1847, at the death of the former Empress Marie Louise, he succeeded her as the reigning Duke of Parma according to what had been stipulated by the Congress of Vienna.
His reign in Parma as Duke Charles II was brief. He was ill received by his new subjects and within a few months he was ousted by a revolution. He regained control of Parma under the protection of Austrian troops, but finally abdicated in favor of his son Charles III on 14 March 1849. His son was assassinated in 1854 and his grandson Robert I, the last reigning Duke of Parma, was deposed in 1860. In exile Charles Louis assumed the title of count of Villafranca. He spent the last years of his life mostly in France, dying at Nice on 16 April 1883.
Early life.
Charles Louis was born at the Royal Palace of Madrid. His father, a member of the house of Bourbon-Parma, was Louis, Prince of Piacenza, son and heir of Ferdinand, Duke of Parma. His mother, Infanta Maria Louisa of Spain, was a daughter of King Charles IV of Spain. They had married in 1795 when the Hereditary Prince of Parma came to Madrid in search of a wife. The couple remained in Spain for the first years of their married life. It was for this reason that Charles Louis was born in Madrid at his maternal grandfather's court and included in Francisco de Goya's famous portrait of the family of Charles IV, in the arms of his mother.
Charles Louis's early life was over-shadowed by the actions of Napoleon Bonaparte who was interested in conquering the Italian states. French troops invaded the Duchy of Parma in 1796. In 1801, for the Treaty of Aranjuez, Charles Louis became Crown Prince of the newly created Kingdom of Etruria, formed from the former territories of the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, as heir to his father, whom Napoleon had made King of Etruria in compensation for giving up his right to Parma.
On 21 April 1801 Charles Louis left Spain with his parents. After a short visit to Napoleon in Paris, they moved to Florence taking residence in the Pitti palace, the former home of the Medici family. Only a few months after settling in Florence, the Etrurian royal family was called back to Spain. It was during this trip that Charles's only sibling, Princess Maria Luisa Carlota of Parma, was born. Their visit was cut short by the death of Charles Louis' paternal grandfather, Ferdinand, Duke of Parma, who had clung to his throne until his death on 9 October 1802 when Parma passed to France, under the terms of a treaty which he had signed.
In December 1802 the royal family of Etruria returned to Florence, but King Louis, who suffered from epilepsy and was frequently ill, died few months later on 27 May 1803.
King of Etruria.
After his father's death, Charles Louis, who was only three years old, succeeded him as King Charles Louis I of Etruria. He was under the regency of his mother Maria Luisa. In 1807, Napoleon dissolved the kingdom and had Charles Louis and his mother brought to France. Charles Louis was promised the throne of a new Kingdom of Northern Lusitania (in the north of Portugal), but this plan never materialized, due to the break between Napoleon and the Spanish Bourbons in 1808. Charles Louis, his mother and sister looked for refuge in Spain, arriving at the court of Charles IV on 19 February 1808. Spain was in unrest, and less than three months after their arrival, all members of the Spanish Royal family were taken to France on Napoleon's orders, while Napoleon gave the Spanish crown to his brother Joseph Bonaparte.
Charles Louis left Spain with his mother and sister on 2 May 1808 for Bayonne and then Compiegne, the residence which had been assigned to them. Maria Luisa was promised the Ducal Palace of Colorno in Parma and a substantial allowance, but Napoleon did not keep his word and Charles Louis with his mother and sister were held captive in Nice. When Charles Louis's mother tried to escape from Napoleon's grip, she was arrested and locked in a convent in Rome in August 1811. Charles Louis did not share his mother and sister's imprisonment. He was given in custody to his grandfather Charles IV, the deposed King of Spain. For the next four years, (1811–1815), Charles Louis lived under the care of his grandfather in the household of the exiled Spanish royal family in Rome.
After Napoleon's downfall in 1815, the House of Bourbon was not restored to the Duchy of Parma, which was instead given to Napoleon's wife, the Empress Marie Louise. The Congress of Vienna compensated the Bourbons with the Duchy of Lucca, which was given to Charles Louis's mother, with Charles Louis as her heir, bearing the title Prince of Lucca. He was also promised the right of succession to Parma upon Empress Marie Louise's death.
In December 1817, weeks before his eighteenth birthday, Charles Louis made his entry in Lucca with his mother. Due to the vicissitudes of the early years of his life he had not received a formal political education, but through self-teaching he acquired a vast knowledge. He was a Renaissance man with a wide range of interests, yet his fickle nature drawn him from his early youth to many different branches of knowledge, from medicine to music (he composed sacred music), to foreign languages. He was particularly oriented to humanities. Biblical and liturgical studies captured his interest. His ideology was influenced by the enlightening and romanticism of the period that followed the restoration of the European peace after the end of the Napoleonic wars.
As crown prince, he found himself subjected to continuous monitoring by his mother. Restless as he was, he clashed with his conservative mother who, in her later years, turned increasingly to religion. He also disliked her absolutist form of governing. However from his mother, he inherited the love of the Spanish Bourbons for the pomp of a royal court. The relationship between mother and son turned sour with the years. He later complained that his mother had "ruined him physically, morally and financially".
Marriage.
In 1820 his mother arranged his marriage with Princess Maria Teresa of Savoy (1803–1879), one of the twin daughters of King Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia. The wedding took place in Lucca on 5 September 1820. Maria Theresa, who turned seventeen two weeks after the wedding, was tall and beautiful. They were said to be the most handsome royal couple. They had two children:
Charles Louis was witty, charming and of a gregarious nature. Maria Theresa was melancholic and, unlike her husband, she was a deeply devout Catholic. They were a mismatched couple who lived most of their married life apart from each other. "Even if there was no love", Charles Louis later commented, "there was respect".
Duke of Lucca.
On 13 March 1824 Charles Louis' mother died and he succeeded her as Charles I, Duke of Lucca. Aged twenty-five, he inherited a small but well kept duchy. However he showed a lack of interest in ruling. The turbulent episodes of his early life had affected him badly. In his own words "The stormy nature of my life, my inexperience, my good faith have unfortunate resulted in a complete lack of faith in myself and a diffidence, often involuntary but none the less inevitable towards, others."
Charles Louis was initially uninterested in government, preferring to give free rein to his love for traveling. During the first few years of his reign he was largely absent from the duchy, leaving its government to his ministers led by Ascanio Mansi. From 1824 to 1827 Charles Louis traveled throughout Italy. He visited Rome and the courts of Naples and Modena often, he was less keen in staying with his in laws at the Piedmont Court which he disliked due to its austerity. From 1827 to 1833 he traveled thorough Germany where he owned two castles: Uchendorff and Weisstropp (near Dresden). He enjoyed life at the Austrian court, where his sister in law was Empress. While in Vienna he rented the Kinsky Palace. He also spent time in Berlin, Frankfurt, Prague and in the capitals of other German states.
In the early 1830s Charles Louis began to take an increased interest in state affairs. His duchy was not affected by the revolutionary movements that ran across Rome and central Italy in 1831. In foreign relations, he recognized King Louis Philippe of France, who had come to power in the July Revolution of 1830. He was also allied with the Carlists in Spain. In 1834, his uncle the Carlist claimant, Carlos V, made Charles Louis an Infante of Spain. He also side with the legitimate ("Miguelist") cause in Portugal (former King Miguel I of Portugal was his first cousin).
In 1833, after staying away for three years, Charles Louis returned to Lucca and granted a general amnesty. This was in stark contrast to the attitude of others Italian states that opted for repression and imprisonment. The same year Thomas Ward, a former English jockey, arrived in Lucca and in few years he became Charles Louis' adviser and minister. Charles Louis studied and collected biblical and liturgical texts and was interested in different religious rituals. He had built a Greek Orthodox chapel at his villa in Marlia. He also flirted with Protestantism which was unfavorable viewed by other catholic courts.
Charles Louis made a number of administrative and financial reforms that were popular. Between 1824 to 1829, some measures were taken relating to duties; to a certain freedom of trade; tax cuts, at the Land Registry. He gave especial encouragement to education and medicine, favoring the establishment of schools. These reforms were implemented thanks to the initiative of his Minister Mansi during the duke's absence. Charles disappointed his subjects who had hoped for a return to the constitution of 1805 and the hopes of Liberals in his duchy shifted to his only son and heir. He tried to copy in Lucca things he saw made abroad regardless if the conditions in the duchy were favorable. His love for traveling created many difficulties in governing and he often signed decrees according to his state of mind at the moment without any real knowledge of the issues. The actual power rested in his minister Mansi. It was said that while Charles Louis was the Duke, Mansi was king. Aware that Lucca was headed to be annexed by Tuscany, Mansi alined his policies with those of Florence, these was resented by Charles Louis. However his weakness and his restless character did not allow Charles to escape the oppressive relations of protection and control exerted upon Lucca by the courts of Austria, Tuscany and Modena. He was viewed with suspicion by both Louis Philippe of France and Metternich.
After 1833, Charles Louis, chronically short of money, stayed abroad less frequently. In 1836 he returned to Vienna and in 1838, after being in Milan for the coronation of Emperor Ferdinand, he went to France and then to England where he contracted debts. In 1837 he authorized the opening of a casino in Pieve Santo Stefano. The same year he promoted a reform of the State Council and the Council of Ministers. In 1840, while he was staying in Rome, his minister Ascanio Mansi died. Mansi's death heralded a new period during which Charles Louis took the initiative more, but his court drew adventures from different nationalities and Lucca became a safe haven for liberals fugitives from other states. Some of them were unscrupulous adventures of dubious reputation. He chose Antonio Mazzarosa, an eminent man, as presidency of the Council of State, but under Austrian pressure, he appointed Fabrizio Ostuni as Foreign Minister representing him at the Austrian court. Ostuni tenure lasted only three years (1840–1843) and coincided with a period of increasing financial distress. The economy of the duchy was in decline since 1830 and deteriorated further with the years. In 1841, the paintings of the Palatine Gallery had to be sold. The irregularities committed by Ostuni were discovered and denounced by Charles Louis' new right hand man, Thomas Ward.
Charles Louis rarely saw his wife, who after 1840 retired from public life and lived in religious seclusion in Pianoro. He visited her but commented that her weak intellect and lack of sensitivity "would enable her to live a century ". Charles Louis admired female beauty, but was believed to be homosexual. While in his Duchy, Charles was really little in his capital preferring to stay in the country in Marlia. In 1845 his son married princess Louise Marie Thérèse d'Artois, a daughter of the Duke of Berry and the only sister of the French legitimate pretender, the Count of Chambord.
Under pressure by Austria, Charles Louis agreed on some territorial adjustments that were detrimental to his future inheritance in Parma. By the treaty of Florence, on 28 Nov 1844, between Charles Louis and the dukes of Tuscany and Modena, he had to give up his claim to the Duchy of Guastalla and the lands east of the Enza. These territories would be given to Modena receiving in compensation only Lunigiana. The treaty of Florence remained a secret for nearly three years, but once it became known it contributed to Charles Louis growing unpopularity both in Lucca and in Parma. Need for money led the Duke, on the advice of Ward, who became Minister of Finance, to claim tax credits for titles dating back thirty years. All these resulted in general dissatisfaction. A liberal movement began to grow in Lucca where in 1847 there was a series of demonstrations, culminating in July in a full-scale riot. At first Charles Louis tried to assert his authority, but the continuous unrest forced him to take refuge in the Villa of San Martino in Vignale. On 1 September 1847, alarmed at the sight of a crowd that wanted to submit some reforms, he signed a series of concessions. Three days later, under pressure from many citizens, he returned to Lucca, where he was welcomed triumphantly. However he was unable to cope with the pressure and on 9 September he left for Modena. From there, he issued a decree that converted the Council of State in a Council of Regency. On 4 October he abdicated in favor of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, who would in any case have taken the duchy when Charles Louis became Duke of Parma, meanwhile he was to receive a monthly economical compensation. Thomas Ward arranged the premature handover; in a letter Charles told him " I can't describe to you how I feel and what a sacrifice I have made". He left for Saxony while his family went to live in Turin under the protection of King Charles Albert of Sardinia.
Duke of Parma.
Charles Louis wandered from Modena to his German states. Released from the burdens of government, he aspired to enjoy life as a free man dedicating his time to travel and study. However he soon received news that Marie Louise, Duchess of Parma, was gravelly ill. She died on 17 December 1847. He was faced with the dilemma of whether to accept or refuse the Duchy of Parma. Initially he was tempted to evade the new responsibilities that fell upon his shoulders, but ended up accepting it, so as not to compromise the rights of his son. On 31 December 1847, Charles Louis arrived in Parma and took possession of the throne of his ancestors with the name of Charles (Carlo) II. The Duchy of Lucca was incorporated into the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, while Parma lost Guastalla but acquired Lunigiana.
Charles II was coldly received in Parma, a country and people he did not know well. He lacked the character and political acumen to be able to overcome a situation far more complicated than the one he had left behind in the much smaller Duchy of Lucca. Parma was dominated by Austria and he was not free to follow his own political ideas. He wrote to Ward. "It is better to die than to live like this. During the day, and when I am alone and can weep I weep. But that does not help." He lacked the support of his cousins in Madrid and in Paris, even though he went in 1852 to Spain to recognize his cousin Isabella II as the legitimate Queen. In France Charles X had lost his throne in the 1830 revolution. He was a virtually prisoner in the palace and wanted to abdicate.
In his first acts of government, he tried to organize the central administration. He also signed a military alliance with Austria. A few months after his arrival, the 1848 revolution broke out in Parma. He was forced to choose between suppressing the revolution or granting reforms. He decided for the latter and appointed a regency with the task of preparing a constitution. His intention was to save the throne for his son who asked for help from Charles Albert of Savoy. However Piacenza had already asked to join Piedmont and Charles Albert wanted annexation. On 9 April the regency transformed into a provisional government. Only four months after regaining the throne of his ancestors, Charles II was forced to flee from Italy, finding refuge in the castle of Weisstropp in Saxony. On 19 April 1848, Charles abdicated in favor of his son, who had himself escaped.
During the First Italian War of Independence the Austrian army decisively defeated the troops of Charles Albert at Custoza, and then at Milan, forcing him to sign the armistice of Salasco on 9 August 1848. In April 1849, Austrian troops led by Marshall Radetzki occupied Parma and Piacenza. Charles II hastened to reassert its rights over the Duchy. He took control of the government under Austrian protection. Satisfied with securing the Duchy of Parma for his family, Charles presented his final resignation on 14 March 1849 at Weistroop in Saxony abdicating on his son.
Last years.
After his abdication Charles Louis assumed the title of Count of Villafranca. Living as a private man, he dedicated his time to hobbies, alternating his stays between Paris, Nice and the castle of Weisstropp in Saxony.
Always short of money, he sold his Austrian estate of Urschendorff to his friend Thomas Ward. In 1852 he went to Spain to recognize his cousin Isabella II as rightful queen. He began to return to Lucca where its citizen still had some sympathy for their former ruler despite his sale of the city. He was allowed to attend a family reunion held at Pianore in April 1853.
His only son Charles III, age 31, was assassinated on 27 March 1854. In 1854 Charles Louis moved to Paris. In 1856 he visited his son's tomb in Viareggio and saw his wife. His grandson, Robert I, who was reigning in Parma under the regency of his mother, Louise Marie Thérèse, lost his throne in March 1860 during the Italian unification. Charles Louis, unlike other dethroned Italian monarchs, welcomed the unification of Italy as a positive development.
After 1860 Charles Louis was able to come to Italy more freely. He visited Lucca with increasing frequency staying in the Villas of Montignoso and San Martino in Vignale. His wife, Maria Theresa, who lived in complete retirement as a nun in villa San Martino in Lucca died on 16 July 1879. Charles Louis was in Vienna at the time and only in October came to pay respect to her remains. His great granddaughter Archduchess Louise of Tuscany, later Crown Princess of Saxony, described him in her memoirs: "My maternal great grandfather, Duke Charles of Parma and Lucca was one of the most amusing and original men. He had states in Saxony, to which he retired when he became weary of court life. He was always a protestant at Meissen, where his favorite castle was situated, and when he was remonstrated with on the subject by his spiritual advisers he replied. 'when I go to Constantinople I shall be a Mohammedan; In fact wherever I go I always adopt, for the time being, the religion of the country, as it keeps me so much more intone with the local color scheme.'"
Charles Louis survived his wife for less than three years. He died at Nice on 16 April 1883, age 83. He was buried at the large property at Viareggio belonging to the Parma family.

</doc>
<doc id="2901006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901006" title="Mahomet Aquifer">
Mahomet Aquifer

The Mahomet Aquifer is the most important aquifer in east-central Illinois. The sand and gravel aquifer is part of the buried Mahomet Bedrock Valley. It underlies 15 counties and ranges from 50 to 200 feet (15 to 60 m) thick. It supplies over per day of groundwater for public water use, industrial supply, and irrigation.
Hydrogeologic setting.
The Mahomet Aquifer consists of sand and gravel deposited by glacial meltwater flowing westward along the Mahomet Bedrock Valley during the pre-Illinois glacial episode. This bedrock valley forms the western part of the Teays-Mahomet Bedrock Valley System that extends into Illinois from Indiana (Larson et al., 2003). Most of the sand and gravel of the Mahomet Aquifer is from the lower half of the Banner Formation and belongs to the Mahomet Sand Member which is buried 100 to 200 feet (30 to 60 m) below the ground surface.
The aquifer underlies 1.26 million acres (5,100 km²) of land in east-central Illinois and spans 15 counties (Panno and Korab, 2000). The Mahomet ranges from four to fifteen miles (24 km) wide (6 to 24 km) and 50 to 200 feet (15 to 60 m) thick, although the average thickness is 100 feet (30 m). The aquifer is confined except in Mason, Menard, and Tazewell Counties in the west near the Illinois River.
Groundwater use.
The Mahomet Aquifer supplies approximately 850,000 people with water. The Illinois Bureau of the Budget [http://www.state.il.us/budget/] projects that the population could increase to about 910,000 people by 2020. An estimated per day of groundwater is pumped from the aquifer to supply municipal, agricultural, commercial, industrial, and rural domestic users (Larson et al., 2003). Approximately 45% of the water withdrawn is consumed by the public, 29% by industry, and 18% by commercial users (Panno and Korab, 2000). The remaining percentage is for other uses such as livestock and irrigation.
As the population increases and economic growth occurs in the region, the demand for water also rises. Concern about additional groundwater withdrawal and the resulting repercussions has encouraged planning, management, and groundwater studies. The Illinois State Geological Survey and the Illinois State Water Survey [http://www.sws.uiuc.edu/ have collected data that indicate declining water levels in certain parts of the Mahomet Aquifer.
Water quality.
The water quality in the Mahomet Aquifer is high in dissolved minerals and iron which is typical of the water quality of all groundwater. Neither of these pose a human health risk. One contaminant that is of concern is the naturally occurring arsenic. The arsenic leaches from oxidized-pyrite. Concentrations can range from 20 to 70 parts per billion (ppb) which exceeds the new standard adopted by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency [http://www.epa.gov/] (Panno and Korab, 2000). The new standard is 10 ppb. Water supply systems must comply with the new standard from January 23, 2006 (EPA, 2004). Fortunately, arsenic can be effectively removed with commercially available water-treatment systems.
Mahomet Aquifer Consortium.
The Mahomet Aquifer Consortium (MAC) [http://www.mahometaquiferconsortium.org/] was formed in 1998 with the purpose of developing a study and management plan for the aquifer. The group consists of 70 representatives from the public, water authorities, water companies, professional groups, and local, county, state, and federal governments. The goal of the MAC is to study the aquifer so that informed decisions can be made about meeting future water demand as populations increase and extreme weather events occur (MAC, 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="2901014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901014" title="Prairie River">
Prairie River

Prairie River may refer to:
Rivers in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="2901022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901022" title="Norwegian trench">
Norwegian trench

The Norwegian trench or Norwegian channel (; ) is an elongated depression in the sea floor (but not a true oceanic trench) off the southern coast of Norway.
It reaches from the Stad peninsula in Sogn og Fjordane in the northwest to the Oslofjord in the southeast. The trench is between 50 and 95 kilometres wide and up to 700 metres deep. Off the Rogaland coast it is 250 – 300 metres deep, and its deepest point is off Arendal where it reaches 700 metres deep – an abyss compared to the average depth of the North Sea, which is about 100 metres.
It was formed during the last 1.1 Ma by the effects of erosion associated with repeated ice stream activity The trench is not a subduction-related oceanic trench, where one tectonic plate is being forced under another. The Norwegian Trench was created by fluvial erosion processes during the later Tertiary age. Pleistocene glaciers and ice-sheets further deepened the trench. During the main glaciations, the Skagerrak Trough was the meeting point for ice from southeastern Norway, southern Sweden and parts of the Baltic causing a relatively fast-moving ice stream that passed south of the Norwegian coast and then turned north, eventually reaching deepwater
at about 62°N. The material carried by the ice stream was then deposited in the North Sea fan. Glacial erratics such as flint and rhomb porphyry, thought to originate from the Skagerrak and Oslo areas respectively, and deformed glacial tills found on the coast of Jæren provide the main onshore evidence for the Norwegian Channel Ice Stream.
The Norwegian current generally flows northeasterly along the Norwegian trench. The depth of the trench, along with density differences between Norwegian current water and the adjacent Atlantic Water, also result in large scale eddies. The Norwegian trench region in the Skagerrak is a biologically productive zone, as upwelling of North Atlantic water in the Skagerrak provides an input of nutrients.
The trench provides an obstacle for oil and gas pipelines.

</doc>
<doc id="2901023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901023" title="Drum (tobacco)">
Drum (tobacco)

Drum is a brand of fine-cut handrolling tobacco, or shag. It was originally produced and distributed by the Dutch Douwe Egberts corporation. Douwe Egberts was purchased by the Sara Lee Corporation, which sold Drum to Imperial Tobacco, the current British producer. After Douwe Egberts discontinued Drum in the USA, Republic Tobacco of Glenview, Illinois, began making its own version of Drum for distribution in the United States, usually sold accompanied by a package of JOB rolling papers. Both versions are considered "halfzware" (Dutch for "half-strength") type tobaccos, although the flavors and cuts are not the same due to different methods of curing. Halfzware usually indicates a combination of dark Kentucky burley and bright Virginia tobaccos. Imperial also produces Drum in gold (blonde) and light (mild) varieties. Drum's main competitor in the US is Bali Shag rolling tobacco.
The two versions of Drum are made in different locations and have different sensory properties. European Drum is barrel-cured in the Netherlands using a centuries-old process, whereas the American version is made at the Top Tobacco factory in North Carolina.
Outside the US.
Drum is worldwide the #1 brand for shag tobacco. Before Sara Lee sold their Drum and Van Nelle tobacco section to Imperial the main factories for Drum were Drachten and Joure. The factory in Drachten was closed directly after the move to Imperial in 1989 and IT decided to further integrate the production within "Douwe Egberts / Van Nelle" (DEVN) which also had production facilities in the nearby Joure (30 km) and Meppel (60 km). IT invested 22 million guilders (€ 10 million) in new machinery for the remaining locations. Drum Tobacco is also produced outside the Netherlands in several factories of the Imperial Tobacco group.
Papers.
Unlike in the US, shag-tobacco, including Drum does not include rolling papers. An exception to this is Ireland: when you buy a pouch (12,5 or 25 gram) it comes without papers, but when you buy a box containing a paper wrapper with 12,5 gram tobacco it comes with papers; while box including papers is cheaper than the pouch without. But the type of tobacco in the pouch is different: the cut is rougher and is not as dry as the "wrapper". You get Job papers in the United States in 25g pouches.
United Kingdom.
Before Douwe Egberts introduced Drum in the UK there was an active gray market and Drum had a large market-share: as the tobacco prices were once much higher in the UK than on the European mainland, there were many people who traveled to (mainly) Belgium or France by ferry to import alcohol and tobacco. Although this is still going on, the price differences from 10 years ago have decreased. When Douwe Egberts was ready to introduce Drum they faced some legal problems, forcing them to change the brand name to Duma, and was struggling to get a foothold on the UK duty-paid market
The Netherlands.
In the Netherlands, Drum is the #2 selling brand of shag-tobacco, just below Van Nelle, which is also a brand of Imperial Tobacco. Smoking shag tobacco used to be more popular in The Netherlands than smoking ready-made cigarettes. In 1989, the 'market share' of shag-tobacco was 53%, but decreased to 42% in 2010.
The main reason for the popularity is the price. A typical cigarette contains less than 1 gram of tobacco. A pouch of 40-42.5 grams is about the same price as a box of 19-20 cigarettes, so the cost of a self-rolled cigarette is half the price of a ready-made cigarette. Many people also put much less tobacco in a self-rolled cigarette. The taxes on tobacco, however, are mainly based on the weight of tobacco, so the margins for the producer are lower on shag than on ready-made cigarettes.
Even in countries where the price of shag tobacco is much higher, people may smoke shag to save money by putting less tobacco in each cigarette. An example of this is Ireland where a 25 gram pouch shag has roughly the same price as a box of 20 cigarettes.
European Blends.
As the original terms "half-zwaar" (medium strong) and "mild" can't be used anymore due to European rules the different blends are now referenced by their color. Not all blends are available in each country.
Trivia.
A packet of Drum Tobacco can be seen in the blockbuster hit Pulp Fiction. The packet is clearly visible on a table prior to Uma Thurman ingesting narcotics. Drum is Vincent Vega's, as it is the Pulp Fiction character's rolling tobacco of choice.

</doc>
<doc id="2901035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901035" title="Thomas Galloway">
Thomas Galloway

Thomas Galloway FRS (26 February 1796 – 1 November 1851) was a Scottish mathematician born in Symington, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. In 1812 he entered the University of Edinburgh, where he distinguished himself in mathematics. In 1823 he was appointed one of the teachers of mathematics at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, and in 1833 he became an actuary of the Amicable Life Assurance Office, the oldest institution of that kind in London, where he remained until his death in 1851. Galloway was a voluminous, though, for the most part, anonymous writer. His most notable paper, "On the proper motion of the solar system", was published in the "Philosophical Transactions" of 1847. He contributed largely to the seventh edition of Encyclopædia Britannica, and also wrote several scientific papers for the "Edinburgh Review" and various scientific journals. His "Encyclopaedia" article, "Probability", was published separately. He is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery, London.

</doc>
<doc id="2901041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901041" title="Raymond Fisher (fan)">
Raymond Fisher (fan)

Raymond "Ray" Fisher (October 15, 1935-May 16, 1988) was a science fiction fan from Poplar Bluff, Missouri, known for his science fiction fanzine "Odd". He, along with his wife Joyce Worley Fisher, co-chaired the 27th World Science Fiction Convention in 1969. He was a founding member of the Poplar Bluff Science Fiction Club and the Ozark Science Fiction Association. He was also a member of The Saturday People, in St. Louis, in the 1960s.
Odd.
"Odd" (also stylized as "ODD") was launched in the 1940s and ran through the 1960s before it was discontinued. The fanzine was nominated for a 1968 Hugo Award for best fanzine, but did not win. "Odd"promoted a counter-culture, anti-establishment viewpoint, saying that "SF is just as fundamentally distrustful of the straight world as is the archetypal hippie, and both have apparently latched on to each other". At the time it was considered to be an example of a new type of fanzine that was "a large-scale, large circulation fanzine" that was of a far higher quality than the average fanzine of the era and dealt with all aspects of the science-fiction world as opposed to just a smaller portion of it.

</doc>
<doc id="2901044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901044" title="Revolutionary Workers' League of Sweden">
Revolutionary Workers' League of Sweden

Revolutionary Workers League of Sweden (in Swedish: "Sveriges Revolutionära Arbetarförbund"), initially known as Revolutionary Workers League ("Revolutionära Arbetares Förbund"), was Trotskyist organisation in Sweden. The group was formed in 1975.
SRAF was the Swedish section of the International League for the Reconstruction of the Fourth International.
SRAF published "Röda Fanan". In 1976 the name of the publication was changed to "Proletär Offensiv". In total around 60 issues were published 1976-1983.
SRAF was dissolved in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2901056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901056" title="LXD Incorporated">
LXD Incorporated

LXD, Incorporated is one of the first Liquid Crystal Display manufacturers in the world. The company, headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio has factories in the United States and China.
History.
LXD, Incorporated was founded as ILIXCO (International Liquid Xtal Company) by James Fergason in 1968 in Kent, Ohio and was the first manufacturer of the twisted nematic LCD. ILIXCO became cash strapped while trying to break into the display market with watch and large instrument displays, and it was purchased by then customer DICKEY-john Corp in 1974. John Lamphier III, owner of DICKEY-john Corp, renamed the company Liquid Xtal Displays Inc. and later sold the company to the Electronic Components Division of General Electric in September 1979.
In December 1983, the company was purchased by Dr. Hugh Mailer, who shortened the name to LXD, Incorporated. In 1986, majority ownership of LXD was acquired by a Norwegian company, LCDVision.
In July 1994, the company became a subsidiary of the Brenlin Group.
In 1996, James Fergason's son Jeffrey Fergason formed a new company using the Ilixco name. The new Ilixco is a holding company that owns controlling interests in IO Display Systems and Razor Digital Entertainment.
In January 2008, the company was acquired by current management. A joint venture between Jiya-LXD in China was established.
In September 2010, LXD announced the opening of a new facility in Research Triangle, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="2901076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901076" title="Doug Eddings">
Doug Eddings

Douglas Leon Eddings (born September 14, 1968) is an umpire in Major League Baseball. He came to public attention with a controversial call during Game Two of the 2005 American League Championship Series between the Chicago White Sox and the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
Eddings started umpiring Little League games at 14, and in his early career worked throughout the minor leagues. He started working American League games in 1998, and has worked throughout both major leagues since 2000. Prior to the White Sox-Angels series, Eddings worked AL Division Series in 2000 and 2002, as well as the 2004 MLB All-Star Game. He also was the home plate umpire for Cal Ripken Jr.'s final major league game on October 6, 2001. He wears uniform number 88.
Eddings was the second base umpire for the game between the San Francisco Giants and the San Diego Padres on August 4, 2007 at San Diego when Barry Bonds tied Hank Aaron for first place on Major League Baseball's career home run list by hitting his 755th career home run.
Umpiring style.
Eddings is known for his forceful throws when giving a new ball to pitcher. Eddings can be seen stepping out of his home plate stance and delivering a hard throw straight to the pitcher on the mound. In contrast, most umpires hand a new ball to the catcher, or lightly toss the baseball to the pitcher.
A report in "The Hardball Times" lists Eddings as having called the largest strike zone among all Major League umpires in 2011.
2005 ALCS.
The call which brought Eddings national attention came on October 12, 2005 at U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago. The Angels were up one game to none in the ALCS, having won the previous game despite reported exhaustion from playing the previous two nights in Yankee Stadium and Angel Stadium. Game two was tied 1–1 with the White Sox batting in the bottom of the ninth inning; Chicago had recorded two outs in the inning.
White Sox batter A. J. Pierzynski faced Angels relief pitcher Kelvim Escobar, who quickly got two strikes. Pierzynski swung at Escobar's third pitch, a splitter which came in very low. Angels catcher Josh Paul said after the game, "I caught the ball so I thought the inning was over." Eddings later said the ball had not been legally caught, but made no audible call that the ball hit the ground.
Not hearing himself called out, Pierzynski took a couple of steps toward the dugout, then turned and ran to first base while most of the Angels were walking off the field. A pinch-runner, Pablo Ozuna, replaced Pierzynski and stole second base. Ozuna scored on a base hit by third baseman Joe Crede for the winning run.
The controversy surrounding the play concerns both whether Eddings' ruling that the ball hit the ground was correct, and the unclear mechanic for signaling the ruling. Eddings did not indicate no-catch signals during the game. In fact, in the second inning of the same game, Eddings had ruled no catch on a third strike to Garret Anderson of the Angels, but the White Sox were not aware of the ruling until Eddings called Anderson out as he entered the dugout. At the time, professional umpiring mechanics did not dictate a specific no-catch signal or a "no catch" verbalization after an uncaught third strike. A mechanic has subsequently been added.
According to umpire supervisor Rich Reiker the replays showed "there was definitely a change in direction there" indicating the ball touched the ground. He felt, at best, the replay was inconclusive.
After the game, Eddings explained his actions: "My interpretation is that was my 'strike three' mechanic, when it's a swinging strike. If you watch, that's what I do the whole entire game. ... I did not say 'No catch.' If you watch the play, you do watch me — as I'm making the mechanic, I'm watching Josh Paul, and so I'm seeing what he's going to do. I'm looking directly at him while I'm watching Josh Paul. That's when Pierzynski ran to first base."
The White Sox went on to win the next three games of the series and advance to their first World Series since 1959. The White Sox then won the World Series in a four game sweep over the Houston Astros.

</doc>
<doc id="2901078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901078" title="Robert Campbell (art gallery director)">
Robert Campbell (art gallery director)

Robert Campbell (1902–1972), director of the Art Gallery of South Australia [http://www.artgallery.sa.gov.au/], the first director of the Queensland Art Gallery and also a painter in his own right. In 1955 a portrait of him by painter Ivor Hele won the Archibald Prize. 
In May 1955 while director of the AGSA, he considered it was important to establish an Aboriginal art collection, which extended beyond the anthropological objects held by the museum. He has also wrote a book on Tom Roberts.

</doc>
<doc id="2901079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901079" title="Ángel Salazar">
Ángel Salazar

Ángel Salazar (born March 2, 1956) is a Cuban-American comedian and actor. He is known internationally for saying "Sheck it out" (check it out) before, during, and after jokes. He also co-starred with Tom Hanks in the film "Punchline", and with Al Pacino in "Scarface" (as the character "Chi Chi") and "Carlito's Way" (as the character "Walberto"). Salazar has also appeared on "Last Comic Standing" and many HBO Comedy specials.

</doc>
<doc id="2901080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901080" title="Financial reinsurance">
Financial reinsurance

Financial Reinsurance (or fin re), is a form of reinsurance which is focused more on capital management than on risk transfer. In the non-life segment of the insurance industry this class of transactions is often referred to as finite reinsurance.
One of the particular difficulties of running an insurance company is that its financial results - and hence its profitability - tend to be uneven from one year to the next. Since insurance companies generally want to produce consistent results, they may be attracted to ways of hoarding this year's profit to pay for next year's possible losses (within the constraints of the applicable standards for financial reporting). Financial reinsurance is one means by which insurance companies can "smooth" their results.
A pure 'fin re' contract for a non-life insurer tends to cover a multi-year period, during which the premium is held and invested by the reinsurer. It is returned to the ceding company - minus a pre-determined profit-margin for the reinsurer - either when the period has elapsed, or when the ceding company suffers a loss. 'Fin re' therefore differs from conventional reinsurance because most of the premium is returned whether there is a loss or not: little or no risk-transfer has taken place.
In the life insurance segment, fin re is more usually used as a way for the reinsurer to provide financing to a life insurance company, much like a loan except that the reinsurer accepts some risk on the portfolio of business reinsured under the fin re contract. Repayment of the fin re is usually linked to the profit profile of the business reinsured and therefore typically takes a number of years. Fin re is used in preference to a plain loan because repayment is conditional on the future profitable performance of the business reinsured such that, in some regimes, it does not need to be recognised as a liability for published solvency reporting.
Objective.
The primary objective of financial reinsurance is the achievement of a specific business goal like
History.
'Fin re' has been around since at least the 1960s, when Lloyd's syndicates started sending money overseas as reinsurance premium for what were then called 'roll-overs' - multi-year contracts with specially-established vehicles in tax-light jurisdictions such as the Cayman Islands. These deals were legal and approved by the UK tax-authorities. However they fell into disrepute after some years, partly because their tax-avoiding motivation became obvious, and partly because of a few cases where the overseas funds were siphoned-off or simply stolen.
More recently, the high-profile bankruptcy of the HIH group of insurance companies in Australia revealed that highly questionable transactions had been propping-up the balance-sheet for some years prior to failure. As of June 2006, General Re and others are being sued by the HIH liquidator in connection with the fraudulent practices.
In the life segment, fin re has been widely used in Europe.
Fin Re for Life Insurers.
The regulator's perspective.
When looking at the financial position of a Life insurer, the company's assets and liabilities are measured. The difference is called the 'free assets' of the company. The greater the free assets relative to the liabilities, the more 'solvent' the company is deemed to be.
There are different ways of measuring assets and liabilities - it depends on who is looking. The regulator, who is interested in ensuring that insurance companies remain solvent so that they can meet their liabilities to policyholders, tends to underestimate assets and overestimate liabilities.
In taking this conservative perspective, one of the steps taken is to effectively ignore future profits. On the one hand this makes sense - it's not prudent to anticipate future profits. On the other hand, for an entire portfolio of policies, although some may lapse - statistically we can rely on a number to still be around to contribute to the company's future profits.
Future profits can thus be seen to be an inadmissible asset - an asset which may not (from the regulator's point of view, anyway) be taken into account. (Current developments, particularly Solvency 2 in Europe, will likely base solvency tests on marked to market assets and liabilities, thereby including some value for future profits. Solvency 2 looks more like banks' Value at risk.)
A banker's perspective.
If a bank were to give the insurer a loan, the insurer's assets would increase by the amount of the loan, but their liabilities would increase by the same amount plus interest (extra liabilities) - because they owe that money back to the bank. 
With both assets and liabilities increasing by the same amount, the free assets remain unchanged. This is generally a sensible thing, but it's not what financial reinsurance is aiming for. However, if there is deflation, the liabilities, assets and free assets increase in real value. Thus, deflation expands balance sheets.
The reinsurer's perspective.
In setting up a financial reinsurance treaty, the reinsurer will provide capital (there are a number of ways of doing this, discussed below). In return, the insurer will pay the capital back over time. The key here is to ensure that repayments only come out of surplus emerging from the reinsured block of business. The benefit of this surplus-limitation comes from the fact that in the regulatory accounts there is no value ascribed to future profits - which means the liability to repay the reinsurer is made from a series of payments which are deemed to be zero. 
The impact is that there is an increase in assets (from the financing), but no increase in liabilities. In other words, financial reinsurance increases the company's free assets.
Different accounting regimes.
Financial reinsurance is generally intended to impact the regulatory balance sheet on the premise that that balance sheet provides a distorted view of a company's solvency otherwise. Many financial reinsurance transactions, particularly for life insurers, have little impact on GAAP accounts and shareholder-reported profits.
Over the 2004-2006 period a number of financial or finite reinsurance transactions attracted regulatory scrutiny, notably from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, due to the concern that their primary result was to distort and manage accounting presentation rather than to transfer risk. In particular, a transaction between AIG and General Re through which the former buttressed its reserves was identified as transferring insufficient risk, and this review led to management changes at both companies. Accountants, regulators and other constituencies proposed a variety of tests for such transactions.

</doc>
<doc id="2901110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901110" title="It's in the Bag (pricing game)">
It's in the Bag (pricing game)

It's in the Bag is a pricing game on the American television game show "The Price Is Right". Debuting on September 26, 1997, it is played for a cash prize of $16,000, and uses grocery items. It's in the Bag was created by former producer Roger Dobkowitz.
Beginning with Season 33's Million Dollar Spectaculars, It's in the Bag's top prize in prime time is $24,000. All of the prize values leading up to the final bag are the same as in daytime.
Gameplay.
The contestant is shown six grocery items and five grocery bags. Each bag has a price on it which corresponds with one of the six grocery items. One item's price is not listed on any bag.
One by one, the contestant must choose the item that matches the price on each bag. Then, the item inside the first bag is revealed. If it matches the chosen item, they win $1,000. Each successive bag is a double-or-nothing proposition, up to $16,000 for the final bag, with the option to quit before revealing any bag. However, if the contestant is wrong at any point, the game ends, and he/she loses everything.
Foreign versions.
On the Netherlands "Cash en Carlo", the money increases from €500, €1,000, €2,000, €3,500 to €6,000.
On Mexico's "Atinale al Precio" the money values increase from MX$2,000, MX$4,000, MX$8,000, MX$16,000, to MX$32,000.

</doc>
<doc id="2901112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901112" title="South Stoke, Oxfordshire">
South Stoke, Oxfordshire

South Stoke is a village and civil parish on an east bank of the Thames, about north of Goring-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire. It includes less than to its north the hamlet and manor house of Littlestoke.
Manor.
In AD 975 King Edgar granted Osweard land at "Stoke", probably later the South Stoke and Offham manors.
The manor passed to Eynsham Abbey in 1094. At the time of the Hundred Rolls in 1279, South Stoke had 40 tenants and only three freeholders. Woodcote, east of South Stoke, had developed as a dependent settlement by 1109. It was followed by Exlade Street by 1241 and Greenmoor by 1366.
Churches.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew was built in the 13th century and still has Early English Gothic features including the three-bay arcade between the nave and the north aisles, windows in the north wall of the chancel and the east and west ends of the south and north aisle. The east window of the south aisle has late 13th century stained glass of the Virgin and Child.
In the 14th century the present font was carved, a new chancel arch was built and new windows were inserted in the east and south walls of the chancel and the north and south walls of the nave. The west tower is a Perpendicular Gothic addition. In 1857 the church was restored, the south arcade was rebuilt and south aisle was widened. The architect for these works was J.B. Clacy of Reading.
The Vicarage was designed by the Gothic Revival architect Charles Buckeridge and built in 1869.
In 1820 a chapel was built for the Countess of Huntingdon's Connexion. It is now a private house.
Economy and society.
Isambard Kingdom Brunel built Moulsford Railway Bridge in 1839-40.
South Stoke has a public house, the Perch and Pike.
The Ridgeway path runs through the village to access its ferry to Moulsford which is seasonal.
Localities.
Littlestoke.
Littlestoke is a hamlet on the River Thames sometimes seen in texts as Little Stoke.
Littlestoke is on the old road that linked Wallingford and Reading "via" Goring Heath.
Littlestoke has a manor house, still a farmhouse with a smaller estate than previously, which has three outlying associated barns, listed for their architecture.
A ferryman until at least 1920 used to be available to cross the Thames to Cholsey. The Ridgeway path runs past the site of the ferry, however now a minor detour is necessary along the national long-distance footpath to South Stoke itself and then north from Moulsford on the opposite bank. As mentioned the South Stoke ferry is seasonal.
Between the two, downstream is Moulsford Railway Bridge.
Public Transport.
From 6 June 2012, South Stoke is served by '"Go Ride" bus service number 134 from Wallingford to Goring-on-Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="2901113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901113" title="Cook Trading">
Cook Trading

Cook Trading Ltd (stylised as COOK) is a manufacturer and retailer of frozen ready meals, established in 1997 and based in Sittingbourne, Kent.
Their meals are cooked without the use of artificial additives and preservatives in their kitchen in Sittingbourne and primarily sold through their own Cook shops, mainly situated in affluent market towns across the South East of England; over 300 farm shops and other independent retailers throughout the UK; and also online through their website. In 2009 they also started to expand as a franchise business with the majority of new stores opening as franchises.
Products.
Cook's core range of frozen meals comes in portion sizes of 1, 2 and 4, which are cooked by chefs in their kitchen in Sittingbourne. They also make a range of party food, puddings (made in Dorset by an exclusive supplier) and a range of kids' meals (launched in 2006). They also stock frozen cakes, organic baby food and some ambient products.
In June 2011 Cook launched their first range specifically designed with lunch in mind - their One Pots.
History.
Cook was founded as 'Cakes and Casseroles' in 1997 by Edward Perry and Dale Penfold. Their first kitchen was opened in Gillingham, with the first shop opening in Farnham soon after. They began working with their pudding supplier, Liz Dove, in July 1997 and within 9 months she supplied them exclusively. The company was renamed as 'Cook' in 1999 and having outgrown the original kitchen it moved to a new site in Sittingbourne in 2000. By 2005 they had a total of 16 shops and they won the ‘Rising Star of the Year 2005’ at the Retail Week Awards and 'Best Retailer for Vegetarian Ready-meals' at the Vegetarian Society Awards 
In 2006 the website www.cookfood.net was launched, enabling home delivery across the UK. This year the company also re-branded and won "The Grocer" Gold Award for 'Best Independent Retailer Chain'.
In 2007 they launched the wholesale business, which now supplies over 300 farm shops and independent food companies around the UK. In March Cook commenced building work on a £2.5million development for a new production facility in Sittingbourne which opened in October 2007.
In 2009 Cook began to franchise and in June 2010, they won the 'Express Newspapers Brand Builder award' at the British Franchise Association HSBC ­Franchisor of the Year awards.
Partnerships.
Cook products are also supplied to Manx retailer Shoprite and Booths supermarkets in the North of England.

</doc>
<doc id="2901128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901128" title="Revolutionary Socialists (Sweden, 1987)">
Revolutionary Socialists (Sweden, 1987)

Revolutionary Socialists (in Swedish: "Revolutionära Socialister") was a Trotskyist organisation in Sweden. RS was formed in 1987 through the merger of two groups originating from the Socialist League. In 1990 RS joined the Workers List.

</doc>
<doc id="2901129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901129" title="Jacobine Jones">
Jacobine Jones

Phyllis Jacobine Jones (1897–1976) was a sculptor. She was born in England, but migrated to Canada in 1933.
Life.
Jones traveled around Denmark and Italy with her mother for years until, at 28, she studied casting, carving, and modeling at the Regent Street Polytechnic in London. She moved to Canada in 1933, and joined the Sculptors' Society of Canada in 1939. 
From 1951 to 1956 she was the head of the department of sculpture at the Ontario College of Art.
She was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
Before her death she gave several artistic tools to her close friend and protégé, Elizabeth Bradford Holbrook. Many of these tools have since been given to Holbrook's protégé Christian Cardell Corbet. 
There is a biography published called: "Put On Her Mettle: The Life and Art of Jacobine Jones" by Natalie Luckyj (1945–2002). Jones' birthdate is sometimes listed as 1898, which is incorrect, and in some places her mother's last name, "Nielsen," is misspelt as "Neilsen."
Work.
Jones' work includes: 

</doc>
<doc id="2901137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901137" title="Children's Railroad (Minsk)">
Children's Railroad (Minsk)

K. S. Zaslonov Children's Railroad in Minsk (; ) is a narrow gauge railroad loop passing through the Chelyuskinites Park in Minsk, Belarus.
Overview.
It is fully operated by teenagers. One of many children's railways that existed in the USSR and continued functioning after its breakup in post-Soviet states, it was opened on July 9, 1955. 
The railway line counts 3 stations (listed from north to south): Zaslonovo, Pionerskaya (or Pionerskaja) and Sosnovy Bor (or Sosnovyj Bor); and a pair of rail loops after the end stops. Zaslonovo is located between the Metro stations Park Chelyuskintsev and Moskovskaya, both part of Moskovskaya Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2901139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901139" title="Dorit Beinisch">
Dorit Beinisch

Dorit Beinisch () (born February 28, 1942) was the 9th president of the Supreme Court of Israel. Appointed on September 14, 2006, after the retirement of Aharon Barak, she served in this position until February 28, 2012. She was the first woman to serve as president of the Israeli Supreme Court.
Biography.
Dorit Werba (later Beinisch) was born in Tel Aviv. Her father, Aharon Werba, a civil servant, immigrated to Palestine from Poland in 1933. Her mother, Chava, was a kindergarten teacher in Tel Aviv. Beinisch served in the Israeli Defense Forces, where she reached the rank of lieutenant. She studied law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, completing her Bachelor of Laws degree (LL.B.) in 1967. Two years later she completed her Master of Laws (LL.M.) summa cum laude at the same university, while apprenticing in the Justice Ministry. In 1964, she married Yeheskell Beinisch, a Jerusalem lawyer. They have two daughters and four grandchildren.
Beinisch was awarded honorary Doctor of Philosophy degrees by the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in June 2010, and Ben-Gurion University in May 2012, as well as an Honorary Fellowship by "The Interdisciplinary Center", Herzliya.
On November 12, 2012, she was awarded Doctor of Philosophy "honoris causa" degree from the Weizmann Institute of Science.
Beinisch was awarded "Doctor of Humane Letters-Honoris Causa"by The "Hebrew Union College"Jerusalem,on November 14th,2012.
Dorit Beinisch is a member as an Officer at The French "National Order of the Legion of Honour" since December 17, 2012.
On December 30, 2012,Beinisch was awarded as a knight of The Movement for Quality Government in Israel.On May 8, 2013, Beinisch was awarded "Honorary Citizen of Jerusalem". On June 13 Dorit Beinisch was awarded "Honorary Fellowship" by the Tel Aviv-Yaffo Academic College.
Justice Beinisch was nominated in May 2013 The Chancellor of the Open University of Israel and chairwoman of its Council .
In 2012, she taught a seminar on national security judging at the Center on Law and Security (CLS) with Prof. Samuel Rascoff at NYU Law as a distinguished global fellow and a senior fellow.
Legal career.
Beinisch joined the Ministry of Justice in 1967, doing her legal internship in the legislation department. She served in the Ministry of Justice for 28 years, holding senior positions to which women in Israel had never been appointed before.
State Attorney’s Office (1967–1995).
Between 1967 and 1969, Beinisch served as Assistant in the Jerusalem District Attorney’s Office until she completed her master's degree, moving up in 1970 to become Senior Assistant to the State Attorney.
From 1975 to 1982, she served as the Director of the Department of Constitutional and Administrative Law in the State Attorney’s Office. She represented the state before the Supreme Court in constitutional and administrative cases.
From 1982 through 1988 she served as the Deputy State Attorney. She played an instrumental role in prosecuting some of the state’s most difficult cases. She collected evidence for the Kahan commission which investigated the Sabra and Shatila massacre. During the prosecution of the Gush Emunim Underground she received threats to her life.
Beinisch served as the State Attorney of Israel from 1989 to 1995, the first woman in Israel to hold this position. In this position, she directed all government litigation in all levels of courts, took part in forming the State’s policy in criminal, constitutional and civil fields, and was responsible for all the professional aspects of legal representation of the state of Israel in the courts. She supervised the lengthy investigation, trial and eventual conviction of then Shas Party chairman and former interior minister Aryeh Deri. She represented the state before the Supreme Court in significant constitutional, administrative and criminal law cases in which she was influential in protecting democratic values. For example, at the end of the 1980s, she headed the struggle in the Supreme Court that led to the banning of the far right-wing Kach party from the Knesset. She refused to represent Yitzhak Rabin's government in the High Court when a petition was filed against its decision to deport 415 Hamas members to Lebanon.
Beinisch fought for her professional and legal views on controversial issues, such as the Kav 300 affair in 1984. Appointed to handle the case by then attorney general Yitzhak Zamir, Beinisch, together with two other prosecutors, fought against the government and the Shin Bet to expose lies, resulting in rumors that she was having an affair with one of the Shin Bet agents and threats against her life.
Supreme Court Justice (1995–2005).
Beinisch was appointed as a Justice of Israel's Supreme Court in December 1995. She served as chair of the Central Elections Commission. As a Justice, she has handed down important decisions in varied legal fields – protecting human rights while balancing them with public interests, including security needs, in accordance with international standards and within the principles of constitutional and administrative law; analyzing the constitutional scope of the right to human dignity that is protected by the Israeli Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty; developing the principle of judicial review into the procedures of the legislative branch; reviewing various activities of the executive branch in the light of constitutional and administrative norms, among them discrimination, unreasonableness and lack of proportionality; interpreting criminal law and procedure; and ruling in sexual harassment cases and other sexual offenses cases.
President of Supreme Court (2006–2012).
In September 2006 Beinisch was sworn in as President of the Supreme Court of Israel, after being voted in unanimously, becoming the first woman in Israel to hold this position. As President of the Supreme Court, she was the head of the Israeli judiciary and responsible for managing the court system. She believed that one of her primary tasks as President of the Supreme Court was to safeguard the independence of the Israeli court system and ensure its apolitical character.
In her rulings, Beinisch emphasized the same principles that she fought for during her public career, together with her belief regarding the role of the Supreme Court in a democratic society to protect human and civil rights, with special attention to the rights of women and children, socially vulnerable populations, and immigrant workers. Beinisch emphasized the importance of judicial review of the activities of the executive branch, including the military, as well as the importance of following the rule of law and the principle of non-discriminatory law enforcement, and preserving every person's right of access to court.
On January 27, 2010, Beinisch was moderately hurt when a 52-year-old man named Pinchas Cohen hurled his sneaker at her during a hearing on medical marijuana, hitting her between the eyes, breaking her glasses and knocking her off her chair. Cohen was disgruntled with the legal system over a family court decision four years earlier and has a violent history. He was arrested and later apologized for his act, and stated that he hoped she was well.
Landmark rulings.
Beinisch has focused on government corruption and to ensuring that government institutions adhere to the law, with a particular emphasis placed on the Defence Forces, the police and general security services.
In 2004 Beinisch criticized the use of expedited legislative mechanisms, often used by the Knesset to legislate various economic laws and reforms. She ruled that although judicial review of the legislative process in Israeli does not recognize a ground of lack of “legislative due process,” the Court would intervene if there is a defect in the legislative process that “goes to the heart of the process.” Such a defect is one that involves a severe and substantial violation of the basic principles of the legislative process in Israel’s parliamentary and constitutional system.
In a 2006 case concerning a detainee’s right to legal counsel, the Supreme Court acquitted a soldier convicted of using drugs on the basis of his own confession, because the military policeman who interrogated him did not inform him of his right to consult with an attorney. In this ground-breaking decision, Beinisch ruled that in view of the normative change in the Israeli legal system introduced by the Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty, and in the absence of legislation on this issue, the time has come to adopt a case law doctrine of inadmissibility for illegally obtained evidence. She also held that the appropriate doctrine for the Israeli legal system to adopt is not an absolute one, but a relative doctrine which allows the court to exclude illegally obtained evidence at its discretion. In the specific case of the appellant, the failure to inform him of his right to consult a lawyer was intentional, and this was a significant factor in Beinisch’s decision to exclude the confessions he made in the interrogation.
The same year, in one of her most famous and controversial rulings as a justice, she ruled that parents cannot use corporal punishment, writing that corporal punishment violates the child's right to dignity and bodily integrity.
Some of Beinisch’s most important rulings have dealt with the issue of safeguarding human rights while addressing pressing security needs, primarily in cases concerning Israel’s activities in the occupied Palestinian territories. In a 2005 ruling against the Israeli army’s use of “human shields” she concurred with then-President Aharon Barak that the practice of sending in a local Palestinian ahead of Israeli troops during arrest raids endangered his life, violated his free will and his human dignity. 
In a judgment rendered in September 2007 concerning the separation fence being built by Israel, Beinisch ruled that the military commander did not exercise his discretion in a proportionate manner and that he must alter the route of the fence in regards to a segment near the Palestinian village of Bil'in. In her judgment, Beinisch accepted the military commander’s claim that the fence in Bil’in area was built for reasons of national security. Nevertheless, she held that the military commander had determined the route of the fence while taking into account the future construction plans for new Israeli neighborhoods near this area. These planned neighborhoods do not constitute a vital security need, and hence cannot be taken into account when determining the route of the fence. Considering all that, Beinisch concluded that the route of the fence in the Bil’in area did not meet the proportionality requirement. 
In 2007, a petition was brought before the Supreme Court regarding the government’s decision to protect the schools in Israeli cities from attacks by “Qassam” rockets fired from the Gaza Strip. In light of this decision, the authorities adopted a protection plan under which only some of the classrooms were protected. Beinisch ruled that the decision not to fully protect the main classrooms of children in grades 4-12 was extremely unreasonable. It was held that the court would intervene — albeit on rare occasions and with restraint — even in decisions concerning the professional discretion of the authority or the budgets allocated by it, if these decisions depart in an extreme manner from the margin of reasonableness given to the administrative authority. Beinisch emphasized that it would be self-evident that the court would be called upon to intervene to a greater degree where it concerns decisions that may affect human rights in general, and risks presented to human life in particular.
In 2008, Beinisch ruled on interpretation of the Unlawful Combatants Law and the extent to which the law is consistent with international humanitarian law. In her leading judgment, Beinisch wrote that administrative detention of an "unlawful combatant" significantly violates his right to personal liberty. This was consistent with the basic outlook that prevails in the Israeli legal system, according to which it is preferable to uphold a statute by interpretive means wherever possible, rather than to declare it void for constitutional reasons.
Several appeals were brought before the Supreme Court challenging specific internment orders that were made under the Unlawful Combatants Law. In her leading judgment, Beinisch wrote that there is no doubt that the administrative detention of an “unlawful combatant” significantly violates the right to personal liberty. While holding the law constitutional, she held that in view of the extent of the violation of personal liberty and of the extreme nature of the measure of detention provided in the law, an interpretive effort should be made in order to minimize, in so far as possible, the violation of the right to liberty so that it is commensurate with the need to achieve the security purpose, and not in excess thereof. Beinisch also held that the provisions of the statute should be interpreted, in so far as possible, in a manner consistent with the accepted norms of international law.
In 2009, Beinisch issued a precedent-setting ruling on the unconstitutional nature of the privatization of prisons.
In this judgment, a panel of nine justices led by Beinisch struck down Amendment 28 to the Prison Ordinance, which calls for the creation of a prison in Israel to be managed and operated by a private corporation. Beinisch concluded that the Amendment violates the constitutional rights to personal freedom and human dignity. This violation stems from the very transfer of authority over the imprisonment of inmates and the harmful powers associated with it from the State to a private corporation operating for profit. In her ruling, Beinisch stressed that although Amendment 28 was enacted out of a desire to improve the detention conditions of prisoners in Israel, the main purpose behind the Amendment was an economic one, reflecting a desire to save as much money as possible for the State. In this context, Beinisch stressed in her ruling that although the Supreme Court does not generally intervene in the government’s and the Knesset’s economic policies, when it comes to legislation affecting the most basic constitutional rights, the fact that an economic rationale may have motivated the legislation does not prevent the Court from passing judgment on the law.
In May 2012, the court ruled that employers who pay female employees a significantly lower salary than their male counterparts will bear the burden of proof in case they are accused of discrimination, thus strengthening women's workplace rights. In Beinisch's ruling, the High Court stated that a woman suing for discrimination will not have to prove she was deprived of pay because of her gender, but only show there is a significant difference in salaries. At this point, the burden of proof would lie with the employer who, in his part, will have to convince that there is a legitimate reason for the salary and that the employee was not discriminated. Moreover, the High Court recognized that at times, women have less leverage than men at negotiating pay; therefore, claims that a pay was negotiated freely before hiring the worker will not be enough to justify the extensive gaps. The court's ruling is likely to also affect other cases of discrimination, either sexual, racial, age related, and other cases.
President Beinisch has also written some remarkable dissenting opinions. In a case dealing with former President of State, Moshe Katzav she held in a minority opinion that the plea-bargain agreement - formulated by the Attorney General and the former President of Israel over sexual abuse charges - should be canceled because the details of that bargain contravened administrative principles and were against the public interest. In another case, Beinisch held, in a minority opinion, that the total ban on political advertisements in television and radio broadcasts is invalid because there is no explicit authorization in the primary legislation for such an excessive limitation on freedom of political expression.

</doc>
<doc id="2901141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901141" title="Domain parking">
Domain parking

Domain parking refers to the registration of an internet domain name without that domain being associated with any services such as e-mail or a website. This may have been done with a view to reserving the domain name for future development, and to protect against the possibility of cybersquatting. Since the domain name registrar will have set name servers for the domain, the registrar or reseller potentially has use of the domain rather than the final registrant.
Domain parking can be classified as monetized and non-monetized. In the former, advertisements are shown to visitors and the domain is "monetized". In the latter, an "Under Construction" or a "Coming Soon" message may or may not be put up on the domain by the registrar or reseller. This is a single-page website that people see when they type the domain name or follow a link in a web browser. Domain names can be parked before a web site is ready for launching.
Parked domain monetization.
Domain parking may also refer to an advertising practice, more precisely called "parked domain monetization", used primarily by domain name registrars and internet advertising publishers to monetize type-in traffic visiting a parked or "under-developed" domain name. The domain name will usually resolve to a web page containing advertising listings and links. These links will be targeted to the predicted interests of the visitor and may change dynamically based on the results that visitors click on. Usually the domain holder is paid based on how many links have been visited (e.g. pay per click) and on how beneficial those visits have been. The keywords for any given domain name provide clues as to the intent of the visitor before arriving. 
Another use of domain parking is to be a placeholder for an existing web site. The domain holder might also choose to redirect a domain to another website it has registered, either through URL redirection, domain cloaking or by pointing it as an alias of the main domain, although if this is done by the ultimate registrant, the domain is then in use, rather than parked. 
Expired domains that were formerly websites are also sought after for parked domain monetization. A domain that was used as a website and is allowed to expire will still maintain most of its prior inbound links. These types of domains usually attract their largest amount of visitor traffic initially after being claimed from the domain drop lists. As website operators and search engines begin to remove the former inbound links, the traffic to the parked domain will begin to decline. The process of re-registering expired names is known as "dropcatching" and various domain name registries have differing views on it.
On domains with a 'one-click' implementation, a click on a keyword is not necessary to generate ads. The ads are targeted based on the domain name. Domains with 'two-click' implementations require a click on a keyword or a keyword search to generate ads. 
There are several companies that actively cater to domain name holders and act as middlemen to serve advertisements on parking pages. The parking pages are propagated automatically on a domain holder's web property when they either change the name servers or forward the URL.
Domaineering.
Domaineering is the web-based marketing business of acquiring and monetizing Internet domain names for their use primarily as an advertising medium rather than as intellectual property investments for resale as in domaining. In essence, the domain names function as virtual Internet billboards with generic domain names being highly valued for their revenue generating potential derived from attracting Internet traffic hits. As with traditional advertising, domaineering is part art and part science. Often to be the most effective as advertising tools, the domain names and their corresponding landing pages must be engineered or optimized to produce maximum revenue which may require considerable skill and good knowledge of search engine optimization (SEO) practices, marketing psychology and an understanding of the target market audience. 
Domaineering generally utilizes a firm offering domain parking services to provide the sponsored "feed" of a word or phrase searched for thus creating a mini-directory populated largely by advertisers paying to promote their products and services under a relevant generic keyword domain. Occasionally content is added to develop a functional mini-website. Domaineers and some of those who advertise online using keywords believe domaineering provides a useful, legal and legitimate Internet marketing service while opponents of domaineering decry the practice as increasing the ubiquitous commercialization of the world wide web. Domaineering is practiced by both large companies who may have registered hundreds or even thousands of domains to individual entrepreneurial minded domaineers who may only own one or a few.

</doc>
<doc id="2901144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901144" title="Gallery (band)">
Gallery (band)

Gallery was a 1970s American soft rock band, formed in Detroit, Michigan by Jim Gold. While Gallery did record a number of songs, they are most famous for their early to mid 1972 hit single, "Nice to Be with You", written by Gold. The song was arranged and produced by Dennis Coffey and Mike Theodore and released by Sussex Records, which earned the band a gold record for sales of one million copies.
The song reached #4 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and lasted 22 weeks on the Hot 100, tying with War's "Slippin' Into Darkness" for most weeks on that chart all within the calendar year 1972. Gallery followed up in late 1972 with a cover of Mac Davis' "I Believe in Music," which charted moderately well at number 22.
They also toured across the South Pacific.
In early 1973 Gallery's third and last Hot 100 hit, Tom Lazaros' "Big City Miss Ruth Ann," reached #23 on the Hot 100 and #7 on WCFL. A year later, "Love Every Little Thing About You" did not chart, and Gallery disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="2901146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901146" title="Beauf">
Beauf

Beauf /bof/ is a French term describing a man perceived as vulgar, unintelligent, arrogant, uncaring, and misogynist, without any taste for etiquette or good manners. A "beauf" will typically be prompt to jump to conclusions and have strong views on complex social issues, based on an insufficient analysis of the facts, but presented as being plain common sense.
French cartoonist Cabu is responsible for popularising the term, which is an abbreviation of "beau-frère" (brother-in-law) by creating a cartoon character of that name in Charlie Hebdo in the late 1960s. Singer Renaud also released a song titled "Mon Beauf" in 1981. Cabu updated the character later in Le Canard Enchainé under the title "Les nouveaux beaufs". The new version is a more urban and trendy version, with a ponytail instead of a bushy moustache. Nouveaux beaufs drive four-by-fours/SUVs, are adept of plastic surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="2901147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901147" title="Jack Carington Smith">
Jack Carington Smith

Jack Carington Smith (26 February 1908 – 19 March 1972) was an Australian artist from Launceston, Tasmania. Born simply "Smith", he adopted "Carington Smith" as his surname around 1936 when he won a travelling scholarship which enabled him to study at the Royal Academy of Arts, London.
He was head of the art department, Hobart Technical College from 1940 to 1970 during which time it was renamed Tasmanian School of Art, a faculty of the University of Tasmania.
He won the Sulman Prize in 1949 for "Bush Pastoral", a Mural design for New State Building, Hobart, and (after entering regularly for twenty years) the Archibald Prize in 1963 with a portrait of Professor James McAuley, who was then the chair of the University of Tasmania, and the Rubinstein Prize 1966. Smith also worked as a tutor who taught other artists, including Max Angus, Roger Murphy and Jeff Hook.
The Carington Smith Library in the Centre for the Arts, University of Tasmania is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="2901148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901148" title="Hilda Plowright">
Hilda Plowright

Hilda Plowright (November 29, 1890 - October 9, 1973) was an English actress. She was born in Swaffham, Norfolk. She had over 60 film and television appearances between 1938 and 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="2901152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901152" title="Bureau of the Pan-African Parliament">
Bureau of the Pan-African Parliament

The Bureau of the Pan-African Parliament is essentially the leadership of the Pan-African Parliament (PAP) and consists of one President and four Vice-Presidents. The current President of the Parliament is Bethel Nnaemeka Amadi from Nigeria.
The four Vice-Presidents are as follows:
Hon. Juliana Kantengwa from Rwanda (Eastern Africa).
Hon. Roger Nkodo Dang from Cameroon (Central Africa).
Hon. Moustafa El Gendy from Egypt (Northern Africa).
Hon. Loide L. Kasingo from Namibia (Southern Africa).
The Bureau is responsible for :
Carrying out any other functions as may be prescribed by Parliament or incidental to these functions.
List of Bureaus with representatives by region.
Legend:   [     ] President - [     ] Vice-president 

</doc>
<doc id="2901158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901158" title="Milka Planinc">
Milka Planinc

Milka Planinc (21 November 1924 – 7 October 2010) was a Yugoslav politician from Croatia. She served as a Prime Minister of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1982 to 1986. She was the first female head of government in a communist country.
Early life.
Planinc was born Milka Malada in a mixed ethnic Croat and ethnic Serb family in Žitnić, a small village near Drniš, Dalmatia. She attended school, but with the onset of World War II her schooling was interrupted. She joined the Communist Youth League in 1941, which was a pivotal year in Planinc’s life and for her country. Nazi Germany invaded Yugoslavia and divided the country among German, Italian, Hungarian, and Bulgarian occupying authorities. Soon a resistance group known as the Partisans was formed, led by a locksmith named Josip Broz who called himself "Tito". Planinc waited impatiently for the day when she would be old enough to join the anti-Fascist Council for the National Liberation of Yugoslavia.
Aged 19, Planinc joined the Partisans and became extremely devoted to Tito. In 1944 she joined the Communist party. She became county commissar of the 11th Dalmatian Shock Brigade whose job it was to teach party principles and policies, and ensure party loyalty. Planinc spent years working for the Partisans and the Communist party, and when they gained control of the entire region she enrolled in the Higher School of Administration in Zagreb to continue her education. Partisan commander Simo Dubajić later alleged that Planinc was involved with the post-war massacre at Kočevski Rog.
In 1950, she married an engineer named Zvonko Planinc. The couple had a son and a daughter.
Political career.
Planinc began to pursue a full-time career within the League of Communists of Croatia. She specialized in education, agitation, and propaganda, and in 1959 she was elected into the Croatian Central Committee, the executive body.
Having served in a variety of posts in Zagreb, as the Secretary of the People’s Assembly of Trešnjevka in 1957 and then the Secretary of Cultural Affairs of the City of Zagreb in 1961, she became the Secretary of the City of Zagreb League of Communists Committee, and the Secretary for Education of the Socialist Republic of Croatia in 1963, a position in which she remained until 1965. 
Greater party acknowledgment did not come until 1966 when she was elected into the Presidium of the League of Communists of Croatia (LCC), and then to the executive committee of the LCC in 1968. She served as the President of the Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Croatia 1967–1971.
After the events of Croatian Spring, the leadership of LCC was removed, and Planinc became president of the Central Committee in 1971. She made the decision to arrest Franjo Tuđman, Marko Veselica, Dražen Budiša, Šime Đodan and Vlado Gotovac, among others, who had all participated in the Croatian Spring. 
She remained the Leader of the League of Communists of Croatia until 1982.
When Tito died in 1980, he left a plan for a rotation of eight leaders, with the leader coming from each federal unit in turn. On 29 April 1982, the Federal Conference of the Socialist Alliance of the Working People of Yugoslavia approved a list of ministers submitted by Planinc, and on 15 May 1982 a joint session of the National Assembly’s two houses named her head of the Federal Executive Council; thus she became prime minister. She became the first woman to occupy such a high post in the country's 64 year history. Planinc had a new governmental body, The Federal Executive Committee, and it consisted of 29 members. All of the members of this committee were new, except for five that were members of the old committee.
She would serve as the President of the Federal Executive Council (Prime Minister) of SFR Yugoslavia between 1982 and 1986. Her mandate as prime minister was remembered as the times when the government finally decided to regulate external debt of SFR Yugoslavia and to start to pay it back. In order to achieve necessary means, her cabinet implemented restrictive economic measures for a few years.
The 1974 constitution had left the central government with very little authority, as the power was divided into the separate republics. Planinc tried to re-focus the central government and gain international alliances with visits to Britain, the United States, and Moscow. Though her visits to Washington gave her promises of economic support, her visit to Moscow was said to be with ""nothing lost, and nothing gained"".
Planinc offered her resignation in October 1985, but this was not accepted. On February 12, 1986 Planinc's government submitted a request to the International Monetary Fund for advanced surveillance. The request was approved a month later. Her term ended in May 1986, and before long she became a member of the LCY Central Committee.
After politics.
The former prime minister spent the rest of her time living through bitter days of war with the disestablishment of Communism, the fall of the Berlin wall, and the fighting between Croats and Serbs. In 1993 her husband died, and in 1994 her son Zoran committed suicide.
From the late 1990s until her death, Milka Planinc was using a wheelchair and rarely left her apartment. She resided in Zagreb until her death on 7 October 2010, aged 85.

</doc>
<doc id="2901163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901163" title="Jeannine Savard">
Jeannine Savard

Jeannine Savard (born 1950) is an American poet, born in the Adirondack Mountain Region of New York State. Her poems are lyrical and involve an inner landscape that sometimes reflects that lush region of the country with its fir trees, lakes, waterfalls, and wildlife, as well as that more austere landscape of the Southwest desert where she has lived since the 1980s as an Associate Professor of English at Arizona State University.
Savard's poems also appear in "Blackbird," "The Fiddlehead," "Superstition Review," "Crab Orchard Review," "Hayden’s Ferry Review," "The Salt River Review," and "The Nashville Review." 
Savard has published several volumes of poetry, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2901165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901165" title="Transforming growth factor beta">
Transforming growth factor beta

Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-β) is a protein that controls proliferation, cellular differentiation, and other functions in most cells. It is a type of cytokine which plays a role in immunity, cancer, bronchial asthma, heart disease, diabetes, Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia, Marfan syndrome, Vascular Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, Loeys–Dietz syndrome, Parkinson's disease and AIDS.
TGF-β is secreted by many cell types, including macrophages, in a latent form in which it is complexed with two other polypeptides, latent TGF-beta binding protein (LTBP) and latency-associated peptide (LAP). Serum proteinases such as plasmin catalyze the release of active TGF-β from the complex. This often occurs on the surface of macrophages where the latent TGF-β complex is bound to CD36 via its ligand, thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1). Inflammatory stimuli that activate macrophages enhance the release of active TGF-β by promoting the activation of plasmin. Macrophages can also endocytose IgG-bound latent TGF-β complexes that are secreted by plasma cells and then release active TGF-β into the extracellular fluid.
TGF-β is a secreted protein that exists in at least three isoforms called TGF-β1, TGF-β2 and TGF-β3. It was also the original name for TGF-β1, which was the founding member of this family. The TGF-β family is part of a superfamily of proteins known as the transforming growth factor beta superfamily, which includes inhibins, activin, anti-müllerian hormone, bone morphogenetic protein, decapentaplegic and Vg-1.
Most tissues have high expression of the genes encoding TGF-β. That contrasts with other anti-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-10, whose expression is minimal in unstimulated tissues and seems to require triggering by commensal or pathogenic flora.
TGF-β acts as an antiproliferative factor in normal epithelial cells and at early stages of oncogenesis.
Some cells that secrete TGF-β also have receptors for TGF-β. This is known as autocrine signalling. Cancerous cells increase their production of TGF-β, which also acts on surrounding cells.
Structure.
The peptide structures of the TGF-β isoforms are highly similar (homologies on the order of 70-80 %). They are all encoded as large protein precursors; TGF-β1 contains 390 amino acids and TGF-β2 and TGF-β3 each contain 412 amino acids. They each have an N-terminal signal peptide of 20-30 amino acids that they require for secretion from a cell, a pro-region (called latency associated peptide or LAP), and a 112-114 amino acid C-terminal region that becomes the "mature" TGF-β molecule following its release from the pro-region by proteolytic cleavage. The mature TGF-β protein dimerizes to produce a 25 KDa active molecule with many conserved structural motifs. TGF-β has nine cysteine residues that are conserved among its family; eight form disulfide bonds within the molecule to create a cysteine knot structure characteristic of the TGF-β superfamily while the ninth cysteine forms a bond with the ninth cysteine of another TGF-β molecule to produce the dimer. Many other conserved residues in TGF-β are thought to form secondary structure through hydrophobic interactions. The region between the fifth and sixth conserved cysteines houses the most divergent area of TGF-β molecules that is exposed at the surface of the molecule and is implicated in receptor binding and specificity of TGF-β.
Function.
Apoptosis.
TGF-β induces apoptosis in numerous cell types. TGF-β can induce apoptosis in two ways: through the SMAD pathway or the DAXX pathway.
SMAD pathway.
The SMAD pathway is the canonical signaling pathway that TGF-β family members signal through. In this pathway, TGF-β dimers bind to a type II receptor which recruits and phosphorylates a type I receptor. The type I receptor then recruits and phosphorylates a receptor regulated SMAD (R-SMAD). The R-SMAD then binds to the common SMAD (coSMAD) SMAD4 and forms a heterodimeric complex. This complex then enters the cell nucleus where it acts as a transcription factor for various genes, including those to activate the mitogen-activated protein kinase 8 pathway, which triggers apoptosis.
The SMAD pathway is regulated by feedback inhibition. SMAD6 and SMAD7 may block type-I receptors. 
DAXX pathway.
TGF-β may also trigger apoptosis via the death associated protein 6 (DAXX adapter protein).
DAXX has been shown to associate with and bind to the type II TGF-β receptor kinase.
Cell cycle.
TGF-β plays a crucial role in the regulation of the cell cycle.
TGF-β causes synthesis of p15 and p21 proteins, which block the cyclin:CDK complex responsible for Retinoblastoma protein (Rb) phosphorylation. Thus TGF-β blocks advance through the G1 phase of the cycle. In doing so, TGF-β suppresses expression of c-myc, a gene which is involved in G1 cell cycle progression.
Immune System.
TGF-β is believed to be important in regulation of the immune system by Foxp3+ Regulatory T cell and the differentiation of both Foxp3+ Regulatory T cell and of Th17 cells from CD4+ T cells. TGF-β appears to block the activation of lymphocytes and monocyte derived phagocytes.
Development.
TGF-β can serve as a graded morphogen, causing cell differentiation in a developing cell.
Clinical significance.
Cancer.
In normal cells, TGF-β, acting through its signaling pathway, stops the cell cycle at the G1 stage to stop proliferation, induce differentiation, or promote apoptosis. When a cell is transformed into a cancer cell, parts of the TGF-β signaling pathway are mutated, and TGF-β no longer controls the cell. These cancer cells proliferate. The surrounding stromal cells (fibroblasts) also proliferate. Both cells increase their production of TGF-β. This TGF-β acts on the surrounding stromal cells, immune cells, endothelial and smooth-muscle cells. It causes immunosuppression and angiogenesis, which makes the cancer more invasive. TGF-β also converts effector T-cells, which normally attack cancer with an inflammatory (immune) reaction, into regulatory (suppressor) T-cells, which turn off the inflammatory reaction.
Heart disease.
One animal study suggests that cholesterol suppresses the responsiveness of cardiovascular cells to TGF-β and its protective qualities, thus allowing atherosclerosis and heart disease to develop, while statins, drugs that lower cholesterol levels, may enhance the responsiveness of cardiovascular cells to the protective actions of TGF-β.
TGF-B is involved in regeneration of zebrafish heart.
Marfan Syndrome.
TGF-β signaling also likely plays a major role in the pathogenesis of Marfan syndrome, a disease characterized by disproportionate height, arachnodactyly, ectopia lentis and heart complications such as mitral valve prolapse and aortic enlargement increasing the likelihood of aortic dissection. While the underlying defect in Marfan syndrome is faulty synthesis of the glycoprotein fibrillin I, normally an important component of elastic fibers, it has been shown that the Marfan syndrome phenotype can be relieved by addition of a TGF-β antagonist in affected mice. This suggests that while the symptoms of Marfan syndrome may seem consistent with a connective tissue disorder, the mechanism is more likely related to reduced sequestration of TGF-β by fibrillin.
Loeys–Dietz syndrome.
TGF-β signaling is also disturbed in Loeys–Dietz syndrome which is caused by mutations in the TGFB receptor.
Diabetes.
TGF-β/SMAD3 signaling pathway is important in regulating glucose and energy homeostasis and might play a role in diabetic nephropathy.
Other.
Higher concentrations of TGF-β are found in the blood and cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Alzheimer's Disease as compared to control subjects, suggesting a possible role in the neurodegenerative cascade leading to Alzheimer's Disease symptoms and pathology.
Induced T regulatory cells (iTreg), stimulated by TGF-β in the presence of IL-2, suppressed the development of Experimental Autoimmune Encephalomyelitis (EAE), an animal model of Multiple Sclerosis(MS) via a Foxp3 and IL-10 mediated response. This suggests a possible role for TGF-β and iTreg in the regulation and treatment of MS.
Overactive TGF-beta pathway, with an increase of TGF-beta 2, was reported in the studies of patients suffering from keratoconus.
Types.
The primary three are:
Activation.
Although TGF-β is important in regulating crucial cellular activities, only a few TGF-β activating pathways are currently known, and the full mechanism behind the suggested activation pathways is not yet well understood. Some of the known activating pathways are cell or tissue specific, while some are seen in multiple cell types and tissues. Proteases, integrins, pH, and reactive oxygen species are just few of the currently know factors that can activate TGF-β.
It is well known that perturbations of these activating factors can lead to unregulated TGF-β signaling levels that may cause several complications including inflammation, autoimmune disorders, fibrosis, cancer and cataracts. In most cases an activated TGF-β ligand will initiate the TGF-β signaling cascade as long as TGF-β receptors I and II are within reach, this is due to high affinity between TGF-β and its receptors, suggesting why the TGF-β signaling recruits a latency system to mediate its signaling.
Latency (latent TGF-β complex).
All three TGF-βs are synthesized as precursor molecules containing a propeptide region in addition to the TGF-β homodimer. After it is synthesized, the TGF-β homodimer interacts with a Latency Associated Peptide (LAP)protein derived from the N-terminal region of the TGF beta gene product forming a complex called Small Latent Complex (SLC). This complex remains in the cell until it is bound by another protein called Latent TGF-β-Binding Protein (LTBP), forming a larger complex called Large Latent Complex (LLC). It is LLC that get secreted to the extracellular matrix (ECM).
In most cases, before the LLC is secreted, the TGF-β precursor is cleaved from the propeptide but remains attached to it by noncovalent bonds. After its secretion, it remains in the extracellular matrix as an inactivated complex containing both the LTBP and the LAP which need to be further processed in order to release active TGF-β. The attachment of TGF-β to the LTBP is by disulfide bond which allows it to remain inactive by preventing it from binding to its receptors . Because different cellular mechanisms require distinct levels of TGF-β signaling, the inactive complex of this cytokine gives opportunity for a proper mediation of TGF-β signaling.
There are four different LTBP isoforms known, LTBP-1, LTBP-2, LTBP-3 and LTBP-4. Mutation or alteration of LAP or LTBP can result to improper TGF-β signaling. Mice lacking LTBP-3 or LTBP-4 demonstrate phenotypes consistent to phenotypes seen in mice with altered TGF-β signaling. Furthermore, specific LTBP isoforms have a propensity to associate with specific LAP•TGF-β isoforms. For example, LTBP-4 is reported to bind only to TGF-β1, thus, mutation in LTBP-4 can lead to TGF-β associated complications which are specific to tissues that predominantly involves TGF-β1. Moreover, the structural differences within the LAP’s provide different latent TGF-β complexes which are selective but to specific stimuli generated by specific activators.
Integrin-independent activation.
Plasmin and a number of matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) play a key role in promoting tumor invasion and tissue remodeling by inducing proteolysis of several ECM components. The TGF-β activation process involves the release of the LLC from the matrix, followed by further proteolysis of the LAP to release TGF-β to its receptors. MMP-9 and MMP-2 are known to cleave latent TGF-β. The LAP complex contains a protease-sensitive hinge region which can be the potential target for this liberation of TGF-β. Despite the fact that MMPs have been proven to play a key role in activating TGF-β, mice with mutations in MMP-9 and MMP-2 genes can still activate TGF-β and do not show any TGF-β deficiency phenotypes, this may reflect redundancy among the activating enzymes suggesting that other unknown proteases might be involved.
Acidic conditions can denature the LAP. Treatment of the medium with extremes of pH (1.5 or 12) resulted in significant activation of TGF beta as shown by radio-receptor assays, while mild acid treatment (pH 4.5) yielded only 20-30% of the competition achieved by pH 1.5.
The LAP structure is important to maintain its function. Structure modification of the LAP can lead to disturbing the interaction between LAP and TGF-β and thus activating it. Factors that may cause such modification may include hydroxyl radicals from reactive oxygen species (ROS). TGF-β was rapidly activated after "in vivo" radiation exposure ROS.
Thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1) is a matricellular glycoprotein found in plasma of healthy patients with levels in the range of 50–250 ng/ml. TSP-1 levels are known to increase in response to injury and during development. TSP-1 activates latent TGF-beta by forming direct interactions with the latent TGF-β complex and induces a conformational rearrangement preventing it from binding to the matured TGF-β.
Activation by Alpha(V) containing integrins.
The general theme of integrins to participate in latent TGF-β1 activation, arose from studies that examined mutations/knockouts of β6 integrin, αV integrin, β8 integrin and in LAP. These mutations produced phenotypes that were similar to phenotypes seen in TGF-β1 knockout mice. Currently there are two proposed models of how αV containing integrins can activate latent TGF-β1; the first proposed model is by inducing conformational change to the latent TGF-β1 complex and hence releasing the active TGF-β1 and the second model is by a protease-dependent mechanism.
αVβ6 integrin was the first integrin to be identified as TGF-β1 activator. LAPs contain an RGD motif which is recognized by vast majority of αV containing integrins, and αVβ6 integrin can activate TGF-β1 by binding to the RGD motif present in LAP-β1 and LAP-β 3. Upon binding, it induces adhesion-mediated cell forces that are translated into biochemical signals which can lead to liberation/activation of TGFb from its latent complex. This pathway has been demonstrated for activation of TGF-β in epithelial cells and does not associate MMPs.
Because MMP-2 and MMP-9 can activate TGF-β through proteolytic degradation of the latent TGF beta complex, αV containing integrins activate TGF-β1 by creating a close connection between the latent TGF-β complex and MMPs. Integrins αVβ6 and αVβ3 are suggested to simultaneously bind the latent TGF-β1 complex and proteinases, simultaneous inducing conformation changes of the LAP and sequestering proteases to close proximity. Regardless of involving MMPs, this mechanism still necessitate the association of intergrins and that makes it a non protolylic pathway.
References.
© 2009 American Heart Association, Inc.
Abstract 5095: The Role of Circulating Transforming Growth Factor-β in Vascular Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome: Implications for Drug Therapy
Florian S Schoenhoff1; Benjamin F Griswold2; Peter Matt3; Leslie J Sloper4; Michiyo Yamazaki5; Olga D Carlson6; Harry C Dietz7; Jennifer E Van Eyk7; Nazli B McDonnell

</doc>
<doc id="2901166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901166" title="Somua">
Somua

Somua, an acronym for "Société d'outillage mécanique et d'usinage d'artillerie", was a French company that manufactured machinery and vehicles. A subsidiary of Schneider-Creusot, Somua was based in Saint-Ouen, a suburb of Paris.
In 1930 Somua introduced several models of trucks equipped with advanced diesel engines, half cabins and three axles and with payloads from 10 to 13 tonnes. Somua also produced a lighter range with five to eight tonnes payload, equipped with gasoline engines. In 1936 Somua produced a railcar for PLM, the XS 1 to 11.
Arguably the most famous product in Somua's history was its 20-ton World War II tank, the Somua S35 and the Somua S40. Furthermore, France's first tank in 1916, the Schneider CA1, as well as later in 1918 some Renault FT tanks, were manufactured by Somua in their Saint-Ouen facility during World War I.
Somua's production of trucks practically ceased between 1943 and 1946. However, in 1944 the company developed a truck under license from the Swedish Hesselman company. Named the JL 12 and equipped with a flex-fuel four cylinder engine, the vehicle did not impress the "Commission des plans de modernisation de l'automobile", which decided in 1946 to merge Somua with Willème and Panhard to form a new company, the Générale française de l'automobile (GFA).
In 1946 Somua launched a new range of trucks, named JL 15, with a five-speed transmission to exploit the 130 horsepower delivered by the 8.6 liter six-cylinder diesel engine. It was available with six choices of chassis: 6.30 meters to 10.89 meters and 2 or 3 axles, supporting 11 to 16 tonnes payload. The JL 15 was available in truck or bus configuration - the models were respectively the JL 15T and JL 15LO.
In 1948 Somua built two double 1500V DC EMU rail engines for SNCF. They mainly operated in the South West region of France.
In 1955 Somua introduced the JL 19, available with two or three axles and powered by a six-cylinder diesel engine, the D615 9.3 liter engine, producing 180 hp and with a manual ten speed transmission. The JL 19 was available as a carrier or tractor, with five different chassis, and bore a payload of up to 26 tonnes. Around this time Latil, the heavyweight vehicle division of Renault, and Somua were merged under the LRS brand, which later became Saviem.
In 1962, Somua introduced a new JL range, with a new cab with four headlights (which came from the Saviem group). The base JL model had a 6.8 to 12.75 tonnes payload. The JL20 tractor had a 520D6T Henschel direct-injection six-cylinder 204 horsepower diesel engine and a 10 speed transmission and 35 tonnes gross weight.
The company was a minor manufacturer of trolleybuses, building a total of just 55, one in 1938 and the others in the period 1947–55. Another French manufacturer, Vétra, supplied the "overwhelming majority" of trolleybuses in use on French systems during the relevant period. Somua-built trolleybuses used electrical propulsion equipment from Westinghouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2901214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901214" title="2005 Division Series">
2005 Division Series

2005 Division Series may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901216" title="Pehr Henrik Ling">
Pehr Henrik Ling

Pehr Henrik Ling (15 November 1776, Södra Ljunga – 3 May 1839, Stockholm) was pioneered the teaching of Physical Education of , and fencer master, developer and teacher of medical-gymnastics.
Early life.
Ling was born at Södra Ljunga, Småland in 1776, the son of a minister, Lars Peter Ling, and the former Hedvig Maria (Hedda) Molin. Through his mother, he was a great-great grandson of the famous Swedish scientist Olof Rudbeck (1630–1702), discoverer of the human lymphatic system. After graduating from Växjö gymnasium in 1792, he studied theology at Lund University from 1793, but went to Uppsala University and completed his degree there in 1797.
Travels.
Ling then went abroad during seven years. Ling studied at the University of Copenhagen and taught modern languages. His journey then took him to Germany, France and England. Financial difficulties, joint (overuse) injuries and rheumatism caused him to return.
Teaching.
Having established himself as a teacher in these arts, Ling was appointed fencing-master at Lund University (1805). He found that his daily exercises had completely restored his bodily health, and his thoughts now turned towards applying this experience for the benefit of others. He saw the potential for adapting these techniques to promote better health in many situations and thus attended classes on anatomy and physiology, and went through the entire curriculum for the training of a doctor. He then elaborated a system of gymnastics, exercises and maneuvers, divided into four branches, (1) pedagogical, (2) medical, (3) military, (4) aesthetic, which carried out his theories and would demonstrate the required occidental scientific rigor to be integrated or approved by established medical practitioners.
After several attempts to interest the Swedish government, Ling at last obtained government co-operation in 1813, when the Royal Gymnastic Central Institute for the training of gymnastic instructors was opened in Stockholm, with Ling appointed as principal. The orthodox medical practitioners were naturally opposed to the larger claims made by Ling and his disciples concerning cures of diseases, so far at least as anything more than the occasional benefit of some form of skillfully applied massage and maneuvers was concerned; But the fact that in 1831 Ling was elected a member of the Swedish General Medical Association ("Svenska läkaresällskapet") shows that in his own country at all events his methods were regarded as consistent with professional recognition. He was elected a member of the Swedish Academy in 1835 and became a titular professor the same year.
Legacy.
Ling died in 1839, having previously named as the repositories of his teaching his pupils Lars Gabriel Branting (1799–1881), who succeeded him as principal of the Institute, and August Georgii, who became sub-director; his son, Hjalmar Ling (1820–1886), being for many years associated with them. All these, together with major Thure Brandt, who from about 1861 specialized in the treatment of women (gynecological gymnastics), are regarded as the pioneers of Swedish medical gymnastics.
Although Ling was usually credited as the father of Swedish massage, it was not a part of Ling’s Gymnastic Movements nor the curriculum of the Royal Central Gymnastic Institute founded by Ling in 1813. 
The known "Swedish massage" techniques effleurage (long, gliding strokes), petrissage (lifting and kneading the muscles), friction (firm, deep, circular rubbing movements), tapotement (brisk tapping or percussive movements), and vibration (rapidly shaking or vibrating specific muscles) is mainly due to Johann Georg Mezger (1838–1909).
There is a factoid that mentioned Ling learned massage from a Chinese friend Ming, this is an invention of Ling’s competitors during his time, in an effort to discredit his work. Although Ling was probably aware of Chinese massage, he was the first to develop a system of integrated manual therapy, combining physical training and gymnastic procedures with knowledge in anatomy, physiology, and pathology.
Ling's system of medical gymnastics also influenced later institutions and systems. The Gymnastic Orthopedic Institute was founded in Stockholm in 1822 by Nils Åkerman, which after 1827 received a government grant. Around 1857, Gustaf Zander elaborated a medico-mechanical system of gymnastics, known by his name, and started his Zander Institute at Stockholm in 1865. At the Stockholm Gymnastic Central Institute, qualified medical men have supervised the medical department since 1864. The course is three years; one year for qualified doctors.
Broadly speaking, there have been two streams of development in the Swedish gymnastics founded on Ling's beginnings, either in a conservative direction, making certain forms of gymnastic exercises subsidiary to the prescriptions of orthodox medical science, or else in an extremely progressive direction, making these exercises a substitute for any other treatment, and claiming them as a cure for disease by themselves. A representative of the latter, more extreme, section was Henrik Kellgren (1837–1916), who had a special school and following.
Other variants and accounts of Dr Ling's practice and philosophies were published: a "Handbook of Medical Gymnastics" (English edition, 1899) by Anders Wide of Stockholm represents the more conservative practice. Henrik Kellgren's system, which, though based on Ling's, admittedly goes beyond it, is described in "The Elements of Kellgren's Manual Treatment" (1903) by Edgar F. Cyriax, who, before taking the MD degree at Edinburgh, had passed out of the Stockholm Institute as a gymnastic director. See also the encyclopedic work "Sweden: its people and its industry: historical and statistical handbook" (1904), p. 348, edited by Gustav Sundbärg for the Swedish government.

</doc>
<doc id="2901219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901219" title="California State Route 166">
California State Route 166

State Route 166 (SR 166) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California. It connects the Central Coast to the southern San Joaquin Valley.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System.
Route description.
Route 166 starts off in Guadalupe in northwestern Santa Barbara County and heads East towards the largest city on its Eastern journey: Santa Maria. It then joins with U.S. Route 101 for the last few miles in Santa Barbara County before crossing the Santa Maria River and splitting off in San Luis Obispo County. For the next , SR 166 crosses the Santa Barbara/San Luis Obispo county line a total of five times. This stretch follows the Cuyama River through a canyon separating the Sierra Madre Mountains from mountains in San Luis Obispo County, and then opens out into the Cuyama Valley, passing cattle ranches, going through the Russell Ranch Oil Field, and passing Aliso Canyon Road, the turnoff to the South Cuyama Oil Field. On the north during this stretch is the mile-high Caliente Range, which contains Caliente Mountain, the highest peak in San Luis Obispo County.
After going through the towns of New Cuyama and Cuyama, the highway meets SR 33 north of Ventucopa. SR 33 and SR 166 merge until reaching Maricopa, where SR 166 heads due east for its last , intersecting with I-5 north of the Grapevine. SR 166 ends at SR 99 in Mettler, and it is the last exit for both I-5 and SR 99 southbound before they merge near Wheeler Ridge.
Before 1964, the portion of SR 166 merged with SR 33 was part of US 399.
In Kern County, Highway 166 is known as the Maricopa Highway. West of Maricopa, where it skirts Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties, it is called the Cuyama Highway. In the cities of Santa Maria and Guadalupe, it is known as Main Street.
From US 101 to the junction of SR 33, 166 is signed as the "CHP Officers Irvine and Stovall Memorial Highway". In February 1998 a large storm swelled the Cuyama River and caused it to wash out a section of the highway. Officers Britt Irvine and Rick Stovall were responding to an early morning call about a truck accident when their CHP cruiser drove off the washed out section, overturned and was buried in mud.[http://www.chp.ca.gov/memorial/memorial90.html#1998]

</doc>
<doc id="2901233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901233" title="Torys">
Torys

Torys LLP is a Canadian international business law firm with offices in Toronto, Calgary, New York and Montreal. Torys serves clients in Canada, the United States, and globally. It is one of the Canadian "seven sisters" law firms.
Torys main practice areas are mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and major litigation matters. In addition, the firm has experience in a wide range of other practice areas, including restructuring and insolvency; taxation; competition and antitrust; environmental, health and safety; private equity and venture capital; financial institutions; pension and employment; intellectual property; technology and communications; life sciences; real estate; infrastructure and energy; and personal client services.
The firm was founded in 1941 by Toronto business lawyer John Stewart Donald Tory. John S.D. Tory graduated at the top of his class at Osgoode Hall, and earned a J.D. from Harvard University. He practised with the W.N. Tilley law firm in Toronto for a few years and then launched his own firm with a focus on corporate law. In 1954, John S. D. Tory's sons, James M. Tory and John A. Tory, the father of Ontario politician John H. Tory, joined the firm.
In the 1960s the firm was renamed Tory Tory DesLauriers & Binnington. In 2000, it merged with the New York law firm Haythe & Curley, whose predecessor firm was established in 1948. The merged firm was briefly known as Tory Haythe, until the departure of named New York partner Thomas Haythe. The firm then rebranded as Torys LLP.
Past articling employees include Eleanor Clitheroe-Bell, later president and CEO of Hydro One.
In March 2011, Torys announced the opening of a Calgary office.

</doc>
<doc id="2901234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901234" title="Louis Kahan">
Louis Kahan

Louis Kahan AO (5 May 190516 July 2002) was an Austrian-born Australian artist whose long career included fashion design, illustration for magazines and journals, painting, printmaking and drawing. He is represented in most major collections in Australia as well as in Europe and USA. He won the Archibald Prize in 1962 with a portrait of Patrick White.
Biography.
Louis Kahan was born in Vienna in 1905 and initially trained as a tailor with his father. However, he was particularly drawn to art and as a young man sketched his father's clients, who included famous actors and musicians of the day. In 1925 he travelled from Vienna to Paris where he worked with renowned couturier Paul Poiret, first as a tailor and then designer. Through Poiret he met many artists, including Matisse, Dufy and Vlaminck. He designed costumes for Josephine Baker, Collette and the "Follies Bergeres". He immersed himself in the bohemian life of the city and began life drawing in Montparnasse. At this time he also produced freelance illustrations for newspapers and magazines.</ref>
He enlisted in the French Foreign Legion in 1939 and was sent to Algeria, North Africa as a war artist, although he had never received any formal art training. He had an exhibition at Oran in 1942. He was a voluntary artist for the Red Cross between 1943 and 1945. During this time, photography of soldiers was not permitted. Louis made over 2,000 drawings of wounded soldiers being cared for in the hospital at Oran and these were v-mailed (an early form of microfilm) to the families of soldiers. When he found that the originals were being destroyed after transmission Kahan began to save them and over 300 were later given by him to the Red Cross Museum in Washington, USA.
He returned to Paris after the war, and was employed by "Le Figaro" to sketch the court scenes of the war trials.
After travelling across the United States he moved to Perth, Western Australia to join his family, who had emigrated to Australia before the war. In Perth he had his first solo exhibition and began to be recognized by the art world, with work purchased by the Art Gallery of Western Australia.
He moved to Melbourne in 1950 where his talent for portraiture was recognized by Melbourne Herald art critic, Alan McCulloch, who introduced him to Clem Christesen, editor of "Meanjin". He made many portraits of Australian and other celebrities, including Geoffrey Blainey, Judy Cassab, Manning Clark, Arthur Boyd, Dame Joan Sutherland, Yehudi Menuhin and Luciano Pavarotti. Many of the original drawings for "Meanjin" are now in the Baillieu Collection of Melbourne University.
On a return trip to Perth in 1953 he met and married Lily. After living in London for some time they returned to Australia in 1959 and then to Melbourne in 1960. Here he collaborated with producer Stephen Haag, designing sets and costumes for opera and theatre. The Victorian Art Centre, Melbourne, has a large collection of his portraits of musicians, and set and costume designs.
In his paintings, prints and drawings Louis Kahan explored many interests and themes, including dreams, death, and his own life. Childhood games, portraits and nudes were ongoing subjects.Symbolism particularly characterises his later works. Later, dreamlike prints and paintings often show Kahan's tools of the trade: palette, brushes, tailor's scissors and tape. These represent a kind of metaphorical self-portrait and life history.
In 1993 Louis Kahan was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia for service to the arts.
He died in 2002, aged 97.

</doc>
<doc id="2901235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901235" title="Ordinance room">
Ordinance room

In temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, an Ordinance room is a room where the ceremony known as the "Endowment" is administered, as well as other rituals called Sealings. Some temples perform a progressive-style ordinance where patrons move from room to room, each room representing a progression of mankind: the "Creation room", representing the Genesis creation story; the "Garden room" represents the Garden of Eden where Adam and Eve lived prior to the fall of man; the "World room", where Adam and Eve lived after the fall; the "Terrestrial room"; and the "Celestial room" representing the Celestial Kingdom of God, or more commonly, heaven. There is also an additional ordinance room, the Sealing room, and at least one temple has a Holy of Holies. These two rooms are reserved for the administration of ordinances beyond the Endowment.
Development of Ordinance rooms.
The first building to have ordinance rooms, designed to conduct the Endowment, was Joseph Smith's store in Nauvoo, Illinois, in 1842. Using canvas, Smith divided the store's large, second-floor room into "departments," which represented "the interior of a temple as much as circumstances would permit" (Anderson & Bergera, "Quorum of Anointed," 2). The departments included a garden with potted plants and a veil. (Ibid., 3-4). After conducting the endowment services, Smith told Brigham Young, "This is not arranged right but we have done the best we could under the circumstances in which we are placed." Smith concluded that he wanted Young to "organize and systemize all these ceremonies." (Ibid., 6-7). After Smith's assassination in 1844, Young also used canvas to divide the large attic room in the Nauvoo Temple in the departments. Participants in the Nauvoo Temple ceremonies used the same names for these departments as the ordinance rooms in later temples: Garden Room, World Room, Terrestrial Room, Celestial Room, and Sealing Room, which was also called the Holy of Holies. (Anderson & Bergera, "Endowment Companies," 2-4, 377; Smith, 204-206). With the resumption of temple ordinances in Salt Lake City in the 1850s, Young followed the same method of using canvas to divide an upper floor of the Council House into the ordinance departments (Hyde, 90-99).
The above arrangement for administering the Endowment consisted of only temporary modifications to a building's interior rooms; obviously canvas partitions were not meant to be permanent. The first building to be designed specifically with actual progressive-style ordinance rooms for presentation of the Endowment was the Endowment House built in 1855 on Temple Square. This structure had the same rooms as the Nauvoo Temple and Council House, including a Garden Room with murals and potted evergreen plants, but the Sealing Room was not called the Holy of Holies (Tingen, 10). However, when the St. George Utah Temple, was completed in 1877, Young followed the Nauvoo Temple pattern of using "frame petitions partitions with the curtains and doors" for Endowment rooms (McKinney, 7:305). Apparently, the rooms were later made more permanent in 1881, when a group of Utah artists painted murals on the walls (O'Brien, 14-15). 
Perhaps, using the precedent of the rooms in Endowment House and St. George, architect Truman O. Angell, Jr., specifically designed the Logan Utah Temple interior with progressive ordinance rooms; the first temple so designed, which was dedicated in 1884. Manti Utah Temple architect, William Folsom, followed the same arrangement for that temple, which was dedicated in 1888. Based on his experience with the Logan Temple, Angell petitioned Church president John Taylor to override Brigham Young's original design for the Salt Lake Temple's interior with progressive ordinance rooms, which Taylor enthusiastically approved ("Salt Lake Temple," 54-55). This became the pattern for all temples until the construction of the Bern Switzerland Temple, when non-progressive ordinance rooms were developed to incorporate the new filmed Endowment ceremony (Buerger, 166).
From the 1950s until 2002, Mormon temples were built with between one and fourteen ordinance rooms, any one of which could accommodate the entire endowment ceremony, combining the functions of the four progressive-style rooms. When the Nauvoo Illinois Temple was built in 2002, it was designed with progressive ordinance rooms, apparently as a tribute to the original Nauvoo temple ("2005 Church Almanac," 495-555). Temples built since 2002 have generally paired two ordinance rooms together. In this arrangement, the first room combines the functions of the Creation, Garden, and World rooms, while the second serves as the Terrestrial room, thus restoring part of the progressive style of earlier temples. However, no matter the number or arrangement of ordinances rooms, the Celestial room is always a separate room, which culminates the Endowment experience. After the Endowment is a culmination of the temple rites administered in the Sealing Room and the Holy of Holies.
The following description of the various rooms is based on James E. Talmage's "The House of the Lord", which is typical of similar rooms in other Mormon temples. These ordinance rooms reflect the overall temple ceremonies, which is an overview of God's plan for humanity. Beginning with the creation, the endowment reviews man's mortal existence, and what one must do in order to return to God's presence as husband and wife with their children.
Creation room.
This room generally has "murals on the walls are subdued in tones, and depict scenes representative of the creation of the earth" as recorded in Genesis. It has no altar, only comfortable theater seating (Talmage, 204). In this room temple patrons "learn about the creation of the world" ("Temples," 11).
Garden room.
This room has murals "showing landscape of rare beauty." The murals depict scenes such as "sylvan grottos and mossy dells, lakelets and brooks, waterfalls and rivulets, trees, vines and flowers, insects, birds and beasts, in short, the earth beautiful, as it was before the Fall of Adam and Eve. It may be called the Garden of Eden Room." It has an altar and theater seating (Talmage, 204-205). In this room temple patrons learn "about our first parents being placed in the Garden of Eden...how Satan tempted Adam and Eve, and how they were cast out of the garden and out of the presence of God into our world" ("Temples", 11).
World room.
This room's murals stand "in strong contrast to with those of the Garden Room." The "rocks are rent and riven" with "gnarled trees, misshapen, and blasted; shrubs maintain a precarious roothold in rocky clefts; thorns, thistles, cacti, and noxious weeds abound," and the animals depicted "are living under the ever-present menace of death" The scenes depicts the "lone and dreary world," where Adam and Eve "been driven out to meet contention, to struggle with difficulties, [and to live by strife and sweat" in a "fallen world." It has an altar and theater seating (Talmage, 205-206). In this room temple patrons "learn about the joys as well as the discomforts of life...[where they are taught the gospel and enter into covenants of obedience with God" ("Temples," 11).
Terrestrial room.
This room has no murals, but is "restful in its soft coloring and air of comfort." Its appointments "combine richness and simplicity," often including elaborately framed mirrors and paintings, and crystal chandeliers. "For convenience room is designated the Terrestrial Room." In this room "lectures are given pertaining to the endowments" (Talmage, 206-207).
Celestial room.
The veil separates this room from the Terrestrial Room. Again, this room has no murals, but "in finish and furnishings it is the grandest of all the large rooms within the walls" of the temple. Like the Terrestrial Room it has large mirrors, paintings, and chandeliers, but it is more "suggestive of conditions yet more exalted." Instead of theater-style seating for instruction it has tables with floral arrangements as well as comfortable sofas and chairs (Talmadge, 207-209). The Celestial Room "symbolizes life as eternal families with our Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus Christ", and represents the glory of the highest degree of heaven. (Temple brochure, LDS Church). The Celestial Room is so called because it is symbolic of the Celestial Kingdom in LDS theology. Thus, the Celestial Room is a profoundly quiet and reverent place, where individuals may pause to pray, meditate, and discuss amongst themselves. In most LDS temples, celestial rooms are elegant, beautiful, and brighter in decor than other parts of the temple.
Sealing room.
All temples have at least one Sealing Room, and most temples have two or more. Sealing rooms come in a variety of sizes from small to large to accommodate varying numbers of people. Each room is dominated by a large "richly upholstered altar." Around the room are comfortable chairs and sofas. The "walls are of light tint," and generally on two of the walls are large mirrors, opposite each other. In this room "is solemnized the sacred ordinance of marriage between the parties who come to plight their vows of marital fidelity for time and eternity" (Talmage, 208-209).
Holy of Holies.
The only temple to have a room designated as the Holy of Holies is the Salt Lake Temple. President Boyd K. Packer has said that “hidden away in the central part of the temple is the Holy of Holies, where the President of the Church may retire when burdened down with heavy decisions to seek an interview with Him whose Church it is. The prophet holds the keys, the spiritual keys and the very literal key to this one door in that sacred edifice.”
Of all the rooms in the Salt Lake Temple, this circular room is "by far the most beautiful" with "splendid simplicity rather than of sumptuous splendor". Its ceiling is domed and fitted with circular and semi-circular windows. Its doorway "corresponds to the inner curtain or veil that shielded from public view the most sacred precincts" of earlier temples. Opposite the doorway is a large stain glass window depicting Joseph Smith's First Vision. The room has an altar, chairs and sofas. The Holy of Holies "is reserved for the higher ordinances in the priesthood relating to the exaltation of both the living and the dead." In temples without a Holy of Holies these ordinances are administered in one of the Sealing Rooms, which is dedicated as a temporary Holy of Holies.

</doc>
<doc id="2901240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901240" title="Julia Lee (actress)">
Julia Lee (actress)

Julia Lee Stander (born October 31, 1975) is an American actress. Her roles include Anne Steele in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997–1998) and "Angel" (2001–2004) and the title character in the cult comedy film "Ophelia Learns to Swim" (2001). She's also appeared in "Charmed". 
In 2006, Disneyland refurbished its Haunted Mansion attraction. For this project, Lee became the body of the character, Constance Hatchaway (voice by Kat Cressida). In 2007, Lee and Cressida's version of Constance was also installed in Walt Disney World's Mansion.

</doc>
<doc id="2901245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901245" title="Research Unix">
Research Unix

Research Unix is a term used to refer to versions of the Unix operating system for DEC PDP-7, PDP-11, VAX and Interdata 7/32 and 8/32 computers, developed in the Bell Labs Computing Science Research Center (frequently referred to as Department 1127).
History.
The term "Research Unix" first appeared in the Bell System Technical Journal (Vol. 57, No. 6, Pt. 2 Jul/Aug 1978) to distinguish it from other versions internal to Bell Labs (such as PWB/UNIX and MERT) whose code-base had diverged from the primary CSRC version. However, that term was little-used until Version 8 Unix, but has been retroactively applied to earlier versions as well. Prior to V8, the operating system was most commonly called simply UNIX (in caps) or the UNIX Time-Sharing System.
Because both the early versions and the last few were never officially released outside of Bell Labs, and grew rather organically, Research Unix versions are often referred to by the edition of the manual that describes them. So, the first Research Unix would be the First Edition, and the last the Tenth Edition. Another common way of referring to them is Version "x" (or V"x") Unix, where "x" is the manual edition.
All modern editions of Unix (excepting implementations from scratch like Coherent, Minix, and Linux, usually referred to as Unix-like) derive from the 7th Edition.
Starting with the 8th Edition, versions of Research Unix had a close relationship to BSD. This began by using 4.1cBSD as the basis for the 8th Edition. In a Usenet post from 2000, Dennis Ritchie described these later versions of Research Unix as being closer to BSD than they were to UNIX System V:
Versions.
Version 3, Version 4 and Version 5 should not be confused with the UNIX 3.0, UNIX 4.0 and UNIX 5.0 releases by the AT&T UNIX Support Group. After Version 10, Unix development at Bell Labs was stopped in favor of a successor system, Plan 9 from Bell Labs, that shared part of its userland with V10.

</doc>
<doc id="2901253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901253" title="Beatriz Paredes Rangel">
Beatriz Paredes Rangel

Beatriz Elena Paredes Rangel (born 18 August 1953 in Tlaxcala, Tlaxcala) is a Mexican politician who served as president of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). She was the first woman to serve as Governor of Tlaxcala and the second woman to serve as a state governor in Mexican history.
Paredes Rangel studied Sociology at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) but never graduated. She began her political career at the age of 21 as a Tlaxcala state deputy (1974–77) and then served as advisor for the Governor of Tlaxcala (1978–80). In 1982 she was appointed Undersecretary for Agrarian Reform and from 1987 to 1992 she served as Governor of Tlaxcala. She has also served in the Chamber of Deputies, in the Senate and President Carlos Salinas appointed her Ambassador to Cuba in 1993.
In the 2006 Federal District election she ran for Head of Government (mayor) of Mexico City, representing an alliance of the PRI and the PVEM; she lost the election against Marcelo Ebrard.
Paredes has occupied different positions in the PRI, mostly representing the rural and indigenous wings of the party. She served as general secretary of the PRI and ran for the presidency of her party but lost to Roberto Madrazo. In 2007, she ran again for the party's presidency and won by a large margin. Paredes has also expressed her support for the recognition of same-sex unions in Mexico in 2010 after Mexico City legalized same sex marriage.
On 5 October 2009 she publicly acknowledged her interest in running for President of Mexico in 2012 and her pro-choice stand on abortion issues.

</doc>
<doc id="2901256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901256" title="1st Grenadiers Division (Poland)">
1st Grenadiers Division (Poland)

The 1st Grenadier Division (literal translation "1st Grenadiers Division"; , ) was a Polish infantry formation raised in France during the early stages of World War II. The division was created as a result of the Invasion of Poland as part of the Polish Army in France, and took part in the Battle of France in 1940.
History.
As an effect of the Franco-Polish Military Alliance, the formation of a Polish division in France began in early September 1939, shortly after the Invasion of Poland. The French government gave over a military camp at Coëtquidan to the Polish military mission and permitted voluntary recruitment from the Polish diaspora in France, which were particularly numerous in the coal-producing regions of Flanders. After the fall of Poland and the formation of the Polish government in exile, the newly appointed Polish commander-in-chief Władysław Sikorski ordered the formation of the 1st Grenadier Division on November 13, 1939.
Initially commanded by Colonel Stanisław Maczek, the division was taken over by Colonel Bronisław Duch in January 1940. It was organized according to the French model and was equipped with French weapons and uniforms. Altogether, the formation numbered eventually about 13,000 enlisted soldiers, 2600 NCOs and 580 officers of all grades, when it was sworn in by Gen. Sikorski on May 25, 1940, shortly before arriving at the front in Lorraine.
At the end of April 1940, the division was moved to Colombey-les-Belles in Lorraine where it received its long-awaited heavy equipment and final training. On May 18 the formation was moved to the area of Sarry and was attached to the French 4th Army, French XX Corps. 1st Regiment under Colonel Lowczowski was assigned to defend the Maginot Line near Wittlesburg. Initially divided between the two units of the Corps, the French 52nd Infantry Division and the 'Sarry Fortress Group,' the division operated in a supporting role. It first saw combat on June 14, 1940, when attacked by German forces. The following day the division was centered and successfully defended its positions. However, during the night the French 52nd Division broke down and withdrew soon after it was attacked to Dieuze. Fearing his corps being cut in two, the formation commander ordered the Poles to withdraw to the second line of defenses. It withdrew to the area of Dieuze, where it covered the retreat of the French division throughout the day of June 16. The following night it successfully disengaged itself and withdrew to the defensive line of the Marne-Rhine Canal, where it covered the area around Lagarde. As a result of the two-day long Battle of Lagarde, the division was heavy damaged, but managed to hold its positions. However, the 52nd Division had been destroyed by the Wehrmacht and the remainder of the corps was disbanded by its commanding officer.
The remnants of the XX Corps, then composed mostly of the Polish division and a small detachment of the Sarry Fortress Group, withdrew to the forests around Baccarat. There it formed a perimeter defence in and around the town of Meriller. Not attacked directly, the XX Corps was surrounded by the enemy on June 19. The Poles broke through to Neureville, but were unable to continue their assault. On June 21, after receiving information of Franco-German capitulation talks, Gen. Bronisław Duch disbanded the unit and ordered his men to either flee to neutral Switzerland, or to join the Polish forces in the United Kingdom. Many chose the latter option, including the general himself.
Altogether, the division lost approximately 5200 men during the Battle of France.

</doc>
<doc id="2901257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901257" title="Jensen Botanical Gardens">
Jensen Botanical Gardens

The Charles C. Jensen Botanical Gardens are botanical gardens located at 8520 Fair Oaks Boulevard, Carmichael, California. They are open during the daylight hours without charge.
The gardens exhibit a variety of flora including camellias, dogwoods, azaleas, and rhododendrons.

</doc>
<doc id="2901261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901261" title="Interdata 7/32 and 8/32">
Interdata 7/32 and 8/32

The Model 7/32 and Model 8/32 were 32-bit minicomputers developed by Interdata, Inc. of Oceanport, New Jersey during the 1970s. They are primarily remembered for being the first 32-bit minicomputers. The 8/32 was a more powerful machine than the 7/32, with the notable feature of allowing user-programmable microcode to be employed.
After the commercial success of the microcoded, mainframe IBM 360-series of computers, startup companies arrived on the scene to scale microcode technology to the smaller minicomputers. Among these companies were Prime Computer, Microdata, and Interdata. Interdata used microcode to define an architecture that was heavily influenced by, but by no means cloned, the IBM 360 instruction set. The DOS-type real-time serial/multitasking operating system was called OS/32.
The 7/32 and 8/32 became the computers of choice in large scale embedded systems, such as FFT machines used in real-time seismic analysis, CAT scanners, and flight simulator systems. They were also often used as non-IBM peripherals in IBM networks, serving the role of HASP workstations and spooling systems, so called RJE (Remote Job Entry) stations. For example, the computers behind the first Space Shuttle simulator consisted of thirty-six 32-bit minis inputing and/or outputting data to networked mainframe computers (both IBM and Univac), all in real-time. The 8/32 was also employed by Mathematical Applications Group, Inc. (MAGI) to produce the vast majority of the 3D computer-generated imagery (CGI) in the 1982 film "Tron". While CGI had been used during the 1970s for minor segments of film work (such as titles), "Tron" was the first film by a major producer that made extensive use of CGI.
The success of the Interdata 32-bit minis in these markets made the company attractive to Perkin-Elmer Corporation, a large, Norwalk, Connecticut-based scientific instruments and optics manufacturer with a large presence in the defense and aerospace industries. Perkin-Elmer was also a primary competitor of Varian, a company marketing its own computer systems. Interdata was acquired by Perkin-Elmer in 1973, and brought under the corporate name in 1976 as the Computer Systems Division (CSD), one of several divisions in P-E's newly formed Data Systems Group (DSG). In 1985, the DSG was broken apart and the CSD was sold to Concurrent Computer Corporation, who yet produce a vastly enhanced 3200-series of machines.
By 1976, Interdata (Perkin-Elmer) computers were being used by the Architecture Machine Group and Joint Computer Facility at MIT, using the FORTRAN and PL/1 programming languages, but not the Unix operating system. Some are still in use today. Interdata also produced a series of 16-bit based computers, such as their Model 3, Model 4, Model 70, and Model 7/16.
The standard operating system for the 7/32 and 8/32 was Interdata's OS/32. Unix was ported to the platform in 1977 by two groups, working independently; to the 7/32 at Wollongong University, and to the 8/32 at Bell Labs, making the 32-bit Interdata machines the first non-PDP computers to run Unix. (See V6 Unix, portability.)
SIMH, the historical computer simulator project, includes simulators for both the Interdata 32 bit (7/32 and 8/32) and their 16 bit minicomputers.

</doc>
<doc id="2901271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901271" title="Glossary of magic (illusion)">
Glossary of magic (illusion)

This is a glossary of conjuring terms used by magicians.

</doc>
<doc id="2901273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901273" title="Muttonbird">
Muttonbird

Muttonbird, mutton-bird or mutton bird refer to seabirds – particularly certain large shearwaters – whose young are collected for food and other uses before they fledge ("see also" Muttonbirding).
The species most frequently called "muttonbirds" are:
The term has been applied to several islands where "muttonbirds" breed and are, or were, harvested:
Other uses include:
In local Maori dialect, the bird is known as the "tītī" (less commonly spelled "tiitii")

</doc>
<doc id="2901275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901275" title="Dogbowl">
Dogbowl

Stephen Tunney, also known as Dogbowl, is an American artist, musician and novelist. He was a founding member of the avant-garde band King Missile (Dog Fly Religion) and has recorded many albums as a solo act.
He is also the author of two novels, "One Hundred Percent Lunar Boy," published in 2010 by MacAdam/Cage and "Flan," published in 1992 by Four Walls Eight Windows. "One Hundred Percent Lunar Boy" takes place on a terraformed Moon two thousand years in the future and chronicles the misadventures of sixteen-year-old Hieronymus Rexaphin, a boy who can see the fourth primary color, and the trouble he gets into after showing his unusual eyes to a teenage tourist girl from Earth. "Flan" is a long, fairly violent post-apocalyptic work containing some elements of surrealism.
Personal.
Stephen Tunney graduated from Parsons School of Design with a BFA in 1982. He received an MFA from the City College of New York in 1991. He currently lives in New York City and Paris, France with his wife and two children.
Writing.
Stephen Tunney's novel "One Hundred Percent Lunar Boy", published by MacAdam/Cage in 2010 is a recipient of the Barnes & Noble "Discover Great New Writers Series" for the Holiday Season 2010-2011. "One Hundred Percent Lunar Boy" will be translated into French and published France in Fall 2011 by the French publisher Éditions Albin Michel. "One Hundred Percent Lunar Boy" is Stephen Tunney's second novel. He published "Flan" (1992, Four Walls Eight Windows) and on 2008 was re-published by Running Press. Flan was widely reviewed and appraised by magazines and newspapers such as New York Press, Boston Phoenix Literary Section, Review of Contemporary Fiction, Option, and the San Francisco Chronicle among others.
Painting.
Stephen Tunney, trained as a painter, works in the tradition of Renaissance artist who masters three different fields. He has exhibited widely in the United States as well as Europe, France, Switzerland, England, Belgium and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="2901282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901282" title="Jason Kubel">
Jason Kubel

Jason James Kubel (born May 25, 1982) is an American professional baseball player who is currently a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Minnesota Twins, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Cleveland Indians.
A Belle Fourche, South Dakota native, Kubel was drafted by the Twins in the 12th round of the 2000 MLB Draft after playing high school ball at Highland High School.
Early life.
Jason Kubel was born May 25, 1982 in Belle Fourche, South Dakota to Myron and Debbie Kubel. He and his family moved to Palmdale California, where he played baseball at Highland High School in Palmdale, California.
Professional Career.
Minor leagues.
In Kubel played outfield in the Twis' minor league system, starting out with the AA New Britain Rock Cats, where Kubel batted .377 in 37 games before being promoted to the Twins' AAA affiliate, the Rochester Red Wings. His impressive play landed him a place in the 2004 All-Star Futures Game. Kubel's play impressed manager Ron Gardenhire enough to warrant a call-up to the majors for the Twins' American League Central Division championship run in September. Kubel played well over the course of 23 games, batting .300 over 67 plate appearances.
Kubel suffered a serious knee injury in the Arizona Fall League later that year, which caused him to miss the entire season.
Minnesota Twins.
Kubel returned to action in spring training , made the Twins' opening day roster, and started in right field on Opening Day. However, he got off to a slow start at the plate and was optioned to Triple-A Rochester on April 16, 2006. Kubel returned to the Twins lineup on May 23, 2006, as a replacement for the injured Shannon Stewart. He hit well in his return, including a walk-off grand slam against the Boston Red Sox in the 12th inning at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome on June 13, 2006. After that, continued soreness in his knees limited his playing time and success for the rest of the 2006 season.
Kubel's statistics showed improvement, playing 128 games with 418 at-bats. On July 6, 2007, Kubel drove in a career high seven runs in a 20-14 victory over the Chicago White Sox.
During the season, Kubel primarily served as the designated hitter slot due to the acquisition of left fielder Delmon Young from the Tampa Bay Rays. Kubel hit well in the clutch and provided much needed power in the middle of the Twins' lineup.
The 2009 season proved to be Kubel's most productive to date. On April 17, Kubel hit for the cycle against the Los Angeles Angels in the Metrodome. After a double in the 1st inning, single in the 3rd, triple in the 6th, and strikeout in the 7th, Kubel capped the Twins' 7-run 8th inning with an upper deck grand slam to right-center field, which would prove decisive in the Twins' 11-9 victory. Kubel finished the game 4 for 5 with 2 runs scored and 5 RBI. On June 4, Kubel hit two three-run home runs in an 11-3 win over the Cleveland Indians and hit another pair of three-run home runs to help defeat the Kansas City Royals on October 4. For his efforts, Kubel would be honored with a 24th place finish in AL MVP voting that year.
The 2010 Minnesota Twins increasingly called on Kubel to play in the field, due to a number of roster changes and injuries. Following the trade that sent center fielder Carlos Gómez to the Brewers for all-star shortstop J.J. Hardy, and the off-season acquisition of veteran slugger Jim Thome to fill the designated hitter position, Kubel found himself being used as a utility player and pinch hitter. However, due to the defensive shifting resulting from Justin Morneau's ongoing health issues, Kubel settled in as the Twins' right fielder, platooning with Michael Cuddyer. On April 12, Kubel hit the first home run in a regular-season game at Target Field, helping the Twins christen their new stadium in a 5-2 victory over the Boston Red Sox.
Kubel started out the 2011 season hitting extremely well by peaking his batting average at .354 in May. This brought on speculation the Twins may try to trade Kubel to make room in an otherwise crowded team outfield. Due to injuries by fellow outfielders Delmon Young, Denard Span, and call-up Jason Repko, Kubel's position was critical to the Twins before finally getting hurt himself and missing all of the month of June. By the trade deadline, no trades had been executed with the Twins just 6.5 games back of the division leading Detroit Tigers and team GM Bill Smith asserting, "We are contenders!"
Arizona Diamondbacks.
On December 19, 2011, Kubel signed a two-year, $15 million deal with an option for a third year with the Arizona Diamondbacks. During interleague play at American League ballparks, Kubel is the designated hitter. The Diamondbacks designated Kubel for assignment on August 27, 2013.
Cleveland Indians.
The Diamondbacks traded Kubel to the Cleveland Indians for a player to be named later on August 30, 2013.
The Indians declined their club option on Kubel's contract for the 2014 season on November 1, 2013, making Kubel a free agent.
Second stint with Twins.
Kubel signed a minor league deal to return to the Twins on December 13, 2013. Kubel was designated for assignment on June 8, 2014, and released on June 16.
Personal life.
Kubel is the brother-in-law of Michael Tonkin.

</doc>
<doc id="2901286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901286" title="League of Young Voters">
League of Young Voters

There are two main organisations with the name of "The League of Young Voters", in the U.S. and in Europe.
The League of Young Voters U.S.
The First, based in the U.S., also known as the League of Pissed Off Voters, is a national advocacy organization in the U.S. which organizes progressive voter guides and voter blocs nationwide, particularly geared towards the 18-34 age group. The League of Young Voters was formerly known as the League of Independent Voters.
The League has strong connections to other youth-oriented political organizations and events, such as the "League of Young Voters Education Fund", United Students Against Sweatshops, Music For America, and the National Hip Hop Political Convention. These connections prompted the Village Voice to call the coalition "a lively, iconoclastic, music-aware national group."[http://www.villagevoice.com/news/0430,berry,55379,1.html]
During the 2004 election, The League worked with America Votes, a coalition of liberal organizations such as America Coming Together, the AFL-CIO and the League of Conservation Voters [http://www.americavotes.org/press/rs20oct04.cfm].
Since then the League has grown and strengthened its local groups across the nation, undergone a strategic reorganization, and thrown its weight into various local races in the 2005 election season.
In 2006, the League launched a voting resource website - theballot.org - where anyone can find, create or share voters' guides. The 2008 presidential election saw record youth voter turnout, and the American Bar Association Young Lawyers Division hopes to inspire similar levels of participation in the 2012 Fall election through its new American Voter effort. American Voter, which kicked off in September 2012, is the division’s nonpartisan public-service campaign dedicated to educating current and future voters about the history of voting rights in the United States and the importance of exercising the right to vote. 
The League of Young Voters in Europe
The League of Young Voters in Europe was launched on 30 May 2013 on the Esplanade of the European Parliament in Brussels, in the presence of European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands. An initiative of the European Youth Forum, the League of Young Voters in Europe aims to tackle the ever decreasing youth participation at the European Parliament elections by increasing the level of youth-related information available about the elections, but also by encouraging political parties and candidates to directly target young people in their campaigns.
It aims to become the electoral platform for young people in Europe. The League will exist at “European level”, covering European political parties, but will also exist nationally in the national language, aided by the European Youth Forum’s extensive membership.

</doc>
<doc id="2901287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901287" title="Canon Episcopi">
Canon Episcopi

The title canon "Episcopi" (also "capitulum Episcopi") is conventionally given to a certain passage found in medieval canon law. 
The text possibly originates in an early 10th-century penitential, recorded by Regino of Prüm; it was included in Gratian's authoritative Corpus juris canonici of c. 1140 ("Decretum Gratiani", causa 26, quaestio 5, canon 12) and as such became part of canon law during the High Middle Ages.
It is an important source on folk belief and surviving pagan customs in Francia on the eve of the formation of the Holy Roman Empire. 
The folk beliefs described in the text reflect the residue of pre-Christian beliefs at about one century after the Carolingian Empire had been Christianized. Its condemnation of the belief in witchcraft was an important argument used by the opponents of the witch trials during the 16th century, such as Johann Weyer.
The conventional title "canon "Episcopi"" is based on the text's incipit, and was current from at least the 17th century.
Textual history.
It is perhaps first attested in the "Libri de synodalibus causis et disciplinis ecclesiasticis" composed by Regino of Prüm around 906. 
It was included in Burchard of Worms' "Decretum" (compiled between 1008 and 1012), an early attempt at collecting all of Canon law
The text was adopted in the "Decretum" of Ivo of Chartres and eventually in Gratian's authoritative "Corpus juris canonici" of c. 1140 (causa 26, quaestio 5, canon 12). Because it was included in Gratian's compilation the text was treated as canon law for the remaining part of the High Middle Ages, until Roman Catholic views on European witchcraft began to change dramatically in the late medieval period.
The text of Gratian is not the same as the one used by Burchard, and the distinctive features of the "Corrector" text were thus not transmitted to later times.
The text of Regino of Prüm was edited in Patrologia Latina, volume 132; the "Decretum" of Burchard of Worms in volume 140.
The text of Burchard's "Corrector" has been separately edited by Wasserschleben (1851),
and again by Schmitz (1898).
Contents.
The incipit of Gratian's text, which gave rise to the title of "canon "Episcopi"" reads:
This condemnation the "pernicious art of divination and magic" ("magicam" being a changed by Gratian from "") is justified by a reference to Titus 3:10-11 on heresy.
Then follows a description of the errors of "certain wicked women" ('), who deceived by Satan believe themselves to join the train of the pagan goddess Diana (to which Burchardus added: ' "or with Herodias") during the hours of the night, and to cover great distances within a multitude of women riding on beasts, and during certain nights to be called to the service of their mistress. Those holding such beliefs are then condemned by the text in no uncertain terms ("that they would only perish in their perfidity without drawing others with them"), deploring the great number of people who "relapse into pagan error" by holding such beliefs. Because of this, the text instructs that all priests should teach at every possible instant that such beliefs are phantasms inspired by an evil spirit. 
The following paragraph presents an account of the means by which Satan takes possession of the minds of these women by appearing to them in numerous forms, and how once he holds captive their minds, deludes them by means of dreams ("").
The text emphasizes that the heretic belief is to hold that these transformations occur in the body, while they are in reality dream visions inspired in the mind ("").
The text proposes that it is perfectly normal to have nightly visions in which one sees things that are never seen while awake, but that it is a great stupidity to believe that the events experienced in the dream vision have taken place in the body.
Examples are adduced, of Ezechiel having his prophetic visions in spirit, not in body, of the Apocalypse of John which was seen in spirit, not in body, and of Paul of Tarsus, who describes the events at Damascus as a vision, not as a bodily encounter.
The text concludes by repeating that it should be publicly preached that all those holding such beliefs have lost their faith, believing not in God but in the devil, and whosoever believes that it is possible to transform themselves into a different kind of creature, is far more wavering (in his faith) than an infidel ('; to which Burchard added: "and worse than a pagan", ').
Reception.
The Canon Episcopi has received a great deal of attention from historians of the witch craze period as early documentation of the Catholic church's theological position on the question of witchcraft. 
The position taken by the author is that these "rides of Diana" did not actually exist, that they are deceptions, dreams or phantasms.
It is the belief in the reality of such deceptions which is considered a heresy worthy of excommunication. 
The position here is that the devil is real, creating delusions in the mind, but that the delusions do not have bodily reality.
This skeptical treatment of magic sharply contrasts with the sanction of witch trials by the church in later centuries, beginning with the bull "Summis desiderantes affectibus" (1484).
The proponents of these trials from were aware of this problem, and the authors of the "Malleus Maleficarum", a witch-hunter's manual from 1487 that played a key role in the witch craze, were forced to argue for a reinterpretation of the Canon Episcopi in order to reconcile their beliefs that witchcraft was both real and effective with those expressed in the Canon.
Their detractors in the 16th and 17th century also made reference to the canon, e.g. Johann Weyer in his "De praestigiis daemonum" (1563). 
Burchard of Worms added the New Testament figure Herodias to his copy of the document in one passage, and the Teutonic goddess Holda in another. 
In the 12th century, Hugues de Saint-Victor quoted the Canon Episcopi as reading "Diana Minerva".
Later collections included the names "Benzozia" and "Bizazia".
In modern times, the text's description of "witches sabbaths" dedicated to Diana has given rise to a hypothesis concerning a supposed medieval witch religion, a theory mostly associated with Margaret Murray, and later adopted by Gerald Gardner and his followers. Burchard's mention of Herodias is relevant especially the theories of Charles Godfrey Leland presented in "Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches" (1899), and taken up in the "Stregheria" of Raven Grimassi.

</doc>
<doc id="2901288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901288" title="Cabinet Legislation Bureau">
Cabinet Legislation Bureau

Japan's , headed by the Director-General of the Cabinet Legislative Bureau, advises Cabinet members on drafting legislation to be proposed to the Diet. It acts as legal counsel for the Cabinet by examining bills, orders, and treaties. It also presents opinions on legal matters to the Prime Minister and other Cabinet Ministers.
Bureau departments.
In support of its opinion-giving and examination roles, the Bureau is divided into four departments:
First Department.
The First Department does opinion-giving work. It gives opinions. It interprets existing laws and pending legislation for the Executive Branch. Of course, the actual interpretation of the law is performed by the courts. The Constitutional Archives Research Office is also located in the First Department.
Second Department.
The Second Department does examination work. It examines pending legislative bills, draft Cabinet orders, and draft treaties that relate to the Cabinet; the Ministry of Justice; the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology; the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport; and the Ministry of Defense.
Third Department.
The Third Department does examination work. It examines pending legislative bills, draft Cabinet orders, and draft treaties that relate to the Financial Services Agency, the Ministry of Public Management,Home Affairs,Posts and Telecommunications, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Finance, and the Board of Audit.
Fourth Department.
The Fourth Department does examination work. It examines pending legislative bills, draft Cabinet orders, and draft treaties that relate to the Fair Trade Commission; the Environmental Disputes Coordination Commission; the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare; the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries; the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry; and the Ministry of Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="2901293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901293" title="Jane Clayson Johnson">
Jane Clayson Johnson

Jane Clayson Johnson is a journalist and author.
Early life and career.
Clayson was born April 25, 1967, and spent most of her childhood in Sacramento, California. She played with the Sacramento Youth Symphony and is an accomplished violinist.
She graduated from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, in 1990 with a degree in journalism.
Clayson began her career at KSL-TV in Salt Lake City, Utah (1990–1996). While at KSL, she traveled to China to write and produce a series of stories about American doctors assisting Chinese children with disabilities. Her work there earned a regional Emmy. She also received the Radio and Television News Directors of America’s Edward R. Murrow Award while at KSL.
ABC News.
In 1996, Jane Clayson moved to Los Angeles, California, where she worked as a correspondent for "Good Morning America", "World News Tonight", and other ABC News broadcasts. Her work included coverage of Senator Bob Dole’s 1996 Presidential campaign, the OJ Simpson civil trial, and NATO’s strikes against Kosovo and the resulting refugee crisis in Macedonia.
"The Early Show" and CBS News.
In 1999, CBS News launched “Operation Glass Slipper,” the widely publicized search for Bryant Gumbel’s co-host on "The Early Show". On November 1, 1999, Clayson was chosen, and joined Gumbel for the show’s first broadcast. From 1999 to 2002 she anchored "The Early Show" through the new millennium, the inauguration of President George W. Bush, and the attacks on September 11, 2001.
In 2002, Jane Clayson became a correspondent for CBS News. She regularly reported for “Eye on America” segments and contributed to both "48 Hours" and "The CBS Evening News".
Personal life.
In September 2003, Clayson married Mark W. Johnson, a graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, Columbia University (with masters in civil engineering and engineering mechanics) and Harvard Business School. They were first introduced to each other by Jane's sister. Mark had joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints not long before he and Jane first met. She left CBS three months later (December 2003) to join her husband in Boston, where he was for a time president and of the management consulting firm, Innosight, which he co-founded with Clayton M. Christensen. Innosight is currently headed by Matthew J. Eyring.
Mark has authored or co-authored multiple articles for the "Harvard Business Review". He is the author of "Seizing the White Space: Business Model Innovation for Growth and Renewal" (Cambridge: Harvard Business School Press, 2010).
The couple has two children.
She is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
"I Am a Mother!".
Clayson occasionally substitutes for host Tom Ashbrook on the public radio program "On Point", and has produced specials for the Discovery Channel. She also hosted BYU TV's coverage of the funeral for LDS President Gordon B. Hinckley on February 2, 2008. 
Her first book, "I Am a Mother!" was released in March 2007 and chronicles her decision to leave the network news business to have a family. She regularly speaks on the topic at events across the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2901299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901299" title="Elizabeth Anne Allen">
Elizabeth Anne Allen

Elizabeth Anne Allen (born November 18, 1970) is an American actress. Allen is best known for her recurring role as the witch Amy Madison on the television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer".
Early life and career.
Allen is an alumna of Gloversville High School in Gloversville, New York and graduated from Russell Sage College in Troy, NY in 2001. After college she moved to Hollywood to begin an acting career. Since 1992, Allen has worked regularly, primarily in guest or recurring roles on various television series. These include "Doogie Howser, M.D." and "Silk Stalkings". Allen also had a recurring role in the T.V. series "Bull" playing the character Pam Boyd.
Buffy The Vampire Slayer.
Allen won the recurring role of Amy Madison on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" for the season one episode "Witch". She returned as Amy in the second season's "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered", the season three episode "Gingerbread", where her character was turned into a rat, and season four's "Something Blue", in a brief, non-speaking cameo. She returned for a three-episode guest arc in the season six episodes "Smashed", "Wrecked" and "Doublemeat Palace". She made one final appearance on "Buffy" in the season seven episode "The Killer In Me".
She auditioned for, and was the runner up for the role of Buffy. The role went to Sarah Michelle Gellar, but Joss Whedon was so impressed by Elizabeth that he created the character of Amy for her.

</doc>
<doc id="2901305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901305" title="John Boyd">
John Boyd

John Boyd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901307" title="Ralph Hefferline">
Ralph Hefferline

Ralph Franklin Hefferline (15 February 1910 in Muncie, Indiana – 16 March 1974) was a psychology professor at Columbia University.
Hefferline became a patient of Fritz Perls around 1946. He joined a small training group led by Perls in 1948 in New York, and went on to contribute a chapter to the book which defined Gestalt Therapy, "Gestalt Therapy, Excitement and Growth in the Human Personality", co-authored by Perls, Paul Goodman and Hefferline, published in 1951. He was the third and junior author and provided the section containing practical exercises.
He went on to join the Behaviourist school of psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="2901315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901315" title="OCN Blizzard">
OCN Blizzard

The Opaskwayak Cree Nation Blizzard are a Canadian Junior "A" ice hockey team from The Pas, Manitoba, Canada. They are members of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League, a part of the Canadian Junior A Hockey League and Hockey Canada. The team is owned by the Opaskwayak Cree Nation.
History.
The Blizzard were founded in 1996 by the Opaskwayak Cree Nation. Their recreation department spent many months prior getting the community members on board. They were named and their jersey was styled after the Utica Blizzard of the Colonial Hockey League. It was through a Blizzard like snow storm that the new directors of the team made it to Winnipeg to announce the team. During the press conference the directors decided to call the team the Opaskwayak Blizzard. Founding directors were James Smith, Chief Frances Flett(late), Gordon Lathlin(late), Gilbert Lathlin(Rat), Nathan McGillivray and Recreation Director/Director of Hockey Boh Kubrakovich. A search for a Head Coach and General Manager did not last long as the directors selected Gardiner MacDougall as their first choice to operate the newly established hockey club.
From the 1998-99 season until 2002-03, the Blizzard became the second team in MJHL history and the first team in over sixty years to win five straight Turnbull Cups as MJHL Playoff Champions. In the Anavet Cup Regional title, in succession, the Blizzard lost to the SJHL's Estevan Bruins in 1999, Lost to the Battlefords North Stars in 2000, the Weyburn Red Wings in 2001, defeated the Red Wings the next year, and then lost in 2003 to the Humboldt Broncos. When they won the Anavet Cup in 2002, it earned them the right to compete in Royal Bank Cup 2002. They finished the National Championship round robin with a 2-2 record. In the semi-final they defeated the BCHL's Chilliwack Chiefs 4-3, but lost in the National Final to the Halifax Exports 3-1.
Blizzard games are broadcast on local radio station CJ1240 (CJAR-AM) and can also be heard online at www.thepasonline.com. Bradley Karp is the current play-by-play announcer for the team in his first year broadcasting for the Blizzard. Past announcers are Kurtis "Huddy" Hudson, Evan Hammond, Kris Menard and Jamie Smalley
Season-by-Season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"
Notable alumni.
"National Hockey League"
"American Hockey League"
"East Coast Hockey League"
"Central Hockey League"
"Southern Professional Hockey League"
"International Hockey League"
"National Collegiate Athletic Association"
"Canadian Interuniversity Sport"
"Ligue Nord-Américaine de Hockey"
"Federal Hockey League"
"Other"
Franchise Leaders.
Regular season.
As of May 23, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="2901324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901324" title="KISW">
KISW

KISW (99.9 FM) is a radio station in Seattle, Washington. Its format is Rock, with the slogan, "The Rock of Seattle". KISW broadcasts on a frequency of 99.9 MHz with an ERP of 68,000 watts through a transmitter near Issaquah, Washington on Tiger Mountain, and operates from its studios at the Metropolitan Park complex in Downtown Seattle.
Programming.
KISW has a long history in Seattle as a hard rocking album-oriented rock and mainstream rock station with the slogan "Seattle's Best Rock". Over the years the station has employed some of Seattle's most successful on-air hosts and DJs, including Bob Rivers, Crow and West, Robin and Maynard, Steve Slaton and others. KISW's license is held by Entercom, who operates four stations in the Seattle metropolitan area. KISW morphed to an active rock format by 2003, when sister alternative rock station KNDD dropped the majority of hard rock songs.
History.
KISW commenced broadcasting on January 18, 1950. KISW played classical music under the tutelage of its founder and first owner, Ellwood W. Lippincott (1904–1977). From 1954 to 1956, the station was managed by Harvey Manning.
In 1969, the station was purchased by Kaye-Smith, a partnership of famed entertainer Danny Kaye and Lester Smith. At that time Kaye-Smith were also the owners of the number one pop music station in Seattle, KJR-AM. By 1971, KISW had switched to a progressive rock (or "underground") format pioneered by Tom Donahue at KMPX and KSAN in San Francisco.
KISW was not the first commercial station in the Seattle/Tacoma market to experiment with rock and roll programming on the FM radio dial - KOL had already accomplished some success with their FM frequency. Through the early and mid-seventies, KISW evolved, as most of the FM progressive stations did, into the more tightly controlled album oriented rock (AOR) format.
A key period in KISW’s history began in the late 70s, when the station adopted the slogan “Seattle’s Best Rock”. Seeming to embrace a younger, more blue-collar aesthetic than Seattle’s other (AOR) stations, KISW added hard rock and heavy metal into the music mix - even in the mornings.
KISW worked with radio consultants Burkhart/Abrams. Lee Abrams had developed a successful hybrid of AOR that applied the principles of Top 40.
Station Manager Steve West and Program Director Beau Phillips developed what would be a long line of top-notch, clever and irreverent KISW radio personalities. The air staff in 1980 included the morning team, John Langan and Mike West, who went by the moniker "Those Dudes". Gary Crow and Bob Hovanes worked together in the afternoon. Both duos ran outrageous audio skits of "Leave It To Beaver 1980" and "Mr. Bruce’s Neighborhood" (a sendup of "Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood"), along with fake news and other off-color parodies.
After a couple shuffles in the mid-1980s, Gary Crow and Mike West ("Crow & West") aired during afternoon drive, while John Maynard was paired with Robin Erickson ("Robin & Maynard") for the mornings with their fictional sidekick Roy Otis. Both proved extraordinarily popular. But after KISW was sold and management changed, both teams left the station together in 1987 to start rival rock station KXRX.
The exit of Crow & West with Robin & Maynard threw KISW into a long search for a top notch air-talent to compete for Seattle listeners. Eventually, Bob Rivers debuted on KISW in 1989. Bob had gained notoriety in Boston and Baltimore for his parody songs and an 11-day, on-air marathon during a Baltimore Orioles losing streak.
A disgruntled former employee, Vincent L. Hoffart, who was fired from KISW in the late 1970s, has continually challenged the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) renewal application of KISW. In 1987, he wrote a book about his dealings with the FCC, KISW, and Kaye-Smith titled "A Case Of Notorial Imperfections" which was reprinted in 2006 as "Gippergate".
In 1991, as an April Fool's prank, the radio station changed their format to soft rock for a day.
In August 2000, the popular "Twisted Radio" show led by Bob Rivers left to join rival radio station KZOK-FM, resulting in a slump in the station's ratings. Howard Stern's nationally syndicated show was signed in May 2001 as a replacement. At the end of 2005, Stern moved to Sirius Satellite Radio.
On November 30, 2005, the Tom Leykis Show was moved to KISW from sister station KQBZ (which flipped to country), after nearly 1,000 fans called the station and sent emails to stop the switch through protest sites.
On January 3, 2006 at 5:00 am PST, "The BJ Shea Morning Experience" (originally from sister station KQBZ) replaced Howard Stern.
HD Radio.
99.9-HD1 carries the analog format ("KISW 99.9") from the standard 99.9 FM frequency. 99.9-HD2 carries a "live rock" format featuring rock songs from concerts.
Ownership.
Ellwood W. Lippincott 1950-1969 - Ellwood W. Lippincott founded KISW. He was a resident of Centralia, Washington, and worked as an electrical engineer for Weyerhaeuser. During the week, Lippincott's job required him to travel about 3,200 miles a month maintaining Weyerhaeuser's radio equipment from the Canadian border to southern Oregon. Lippincott would spend his weekends managing the station. KISW was his labor of love. Under Lippincott's ownership, KISW operated out of a small studio on the northwest corner of NE 92nd Street and Roosevelt Way NE in north Seattle. The building was demolished and replaced with townhouses in 2007.
Kaye-Smith 1969–1982 - Kaye-Smith was a joint venture between actor/comedian Danny Kaye and businessman Lester Smith. Kaye-Smith owned several radio stations including KJR, the dominant AM top 40 station in Seattle during the 1960s and 1970s. Together, they also owned Seattle's Kaye-Smith studios (where records by Heart, Steve Miller and Bachman–Turner Overdrive were recorded), Concerts West (with Pat O'Day, a booking and promotion company that handled Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, Bad Company, Eagles, Paul McCartney and others); and were original owners of the Seattle Mariners baseball team.
Alexander Broadcasting Company 1982–1987 - In 1982 Danny Kaye sold his interest to Lester Smith's company, Alexander Broadcasting.
Nationwide Communications, Inc. 1987–1996 - A subsidiary of the Nationwide Insurance Company, Nationwide Communications originally established itself in the Radio business in 1947. Nationwide had sold off its radio stations by 1997.
Entercom Communications Co. 1996–present Entercom is the 4th largest radio broadcasting company in the United States. Entercom operates four stations in Seattle and is the market's leading operator in terms of revenue. Data from the Arbitron ratings company shows that the Entercom's Seattle holdings regularly draw more than 20% of all radio listening in the Seattle/Tacoma market.
Former programming features.
The following programming features were largely phased out as KISW made the transition from AOR to the active rock format. Nonetheless, these were in place and part of the programming for a bulk of the station's existence, including some of the station's most successful years during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Electric Lunch.
This program aired weekdays, 12 noon until 1 p.m. and mainly featured the artists and music of the late 1960s. The name was a reference to the psychedelic aesthetic in the music and culture of the era this show celebrated – as in The Electric Prunes, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, and perhaps when Dylan went electric. The program was hosted by the mid-day DJ, for many years Dan Wilke.
The Lowdown.
Played several times each day, this was basically a music news feature with a rundown of the interesting facts and happenings. Hosted by Dan Wilke, the background music, or music bed for this feature was an instrumental by the British blues band Savoy Brown called “Sitting And Thinking”, from their 1970 LP titled "Looking In". Dr. Rock (Jeff McIntosh) was the host during the early 80s.
Doubleshot Thursday.
For the full 24 hours each Thursday, KISW DJs played two songs in a row by every artist. To entice their audience, the station gave away $100 if listeners called after hearing only one song by an artist.
Leave It To Beaver 1980.
Written and produced by members of the KISW airstaff, these skits were an over the top and irreverent take-off of the 1950s CBS television show "Leave It To Beaver" (commonly seen as syndicated reruns during the 1970s and 1980s). In various skits, The Beaver was portrayed as a black child with an affected voice, Ward and June as cocaine addicts, Mrs. Cleaver in an affair with Wally's friend Eddie, and Beaver's pal Whitey as a drug dealer. These episodes ran on the Langan and West (Those Dudes) morning show, 1979-1983. Audio
Vincent Hoffart cited complaints about this feature in his 1982 challenge to the renewal of KISW’s FCC Broadcast License.
Current programming features.
The BJ Shea Morning Experience.
Starting each day off with a variety of different topics, they interview many people from different aspects such as celebrities, politicians, comedians, etc. The show consists of Host BJ Shea, Steve The Producer, Topshelf, The Reverend En Fuego, Mono Nick, Vicky Barcelona and generally, an intern. At multiple times during broadcast real news and sports bites are covered by Steve The Producer.
Ryan Castle.
A show running weekdays 10:00am-2:00pm hosted by Ryan Castle The Drunk in Charge. His show features "The Morning 12 Pak" and then "The Hook-Up" running from noon till 1pm, in which the last letter of the title of a current song must be the first letter of the title of the next song..
The Men's Room.
Composed of Miles Montgomery, Steve "The Thrill" Hill, Thee Ted Smith, and Ben The Psycho Muppet, The Men's Room is an afternoon/evening show running weekdays from 2:00pm to 6:00pm. The shows features a mix of music, commentary on national news and local events, and daily features such as the "Shot of the Day" where someone from the headlines of the day is toasted for their stupidity/brilliance/alcoholism. There is also a Men's room beer line. On Fridays the Men's Room runs Bad Joke Friday (in which listeners call in to exhibit skill in poor comedy), Bad Choice Friday (in which listeners must vote on two songs that do not fit the format of the station, to be notionally retired permanently from airplay), and Ted vs. The FCC (in which Thee Ted Smith must recite a tongue twister that is constructed in such a way to come out with an expletive should he speak it wrong).
Jolene.
A show running weekdays 6:00pm to 10:00pm featuring a four-hour block of music, hosted by the lovely Jolene. Features include "Dude it's the 80's" running from 8:00-8:30. Then starting at 9 begins "90 Something", this segment replaced the "Nine O'clock Cock Fight" on January 2nd 2013
Metal Shop.
Hosted by KGRG alums Kevin and Ian, Metal Shop runs on Saturdays 11:00pm to 2:00am and features three hours of ear shredding metal music. Kevin and Ian have hosted the show since March 2010, replacing Steve Rock and Kevin after 8 years of doing Metal Shop every weekend.
The older version of Metal Shop's last show was aired on March 20, 2010; replacement DJs made their appearance on the next week's show.
Historical station IDs.
Through the 1980s, KISW’s trademark station ID included the opening power-chord slam from the Thin Lizzy song “Jail Break”, followed immediately by the voice of Van Halen singer David Lee Roth naming the call letters K-I-S-W, and the station’s slogan, “Seattle’s Best Rock”. Another ID featured all four members of Van Halen yelling the call letters with David Lee Roth over the end with the slogan. This was acceptable to the FCC as a legal ID, required at the top of each hour, because the call letters were said directly before the city.
Epic Rock.
KISW released an LP "Epic Rock" in 1981 that featured a mix of on-air DJ "comedy bits" and live performances by artists on the KISW playlist. The live recordings came from artists signed to the Epic Records label. It was a low-priced limited-edition pressing of about 5,000 copies that was released by Epic in the Seattle area only.
Side 1
Side 2
Mascots.
Duck.
KISW Radio Seattle had a duck mascot that promoted the station from 1977 to 1980. The KISW duck attended public gatherings, fairs, festivals, rock concerts, sporting events and other area events to promote the station visibility in the station listener area. The KISW duck attended the 1978 Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California and was briefly seen on the national TV broadcast. The game featured Washington and Michigan. The game was won by Washington 27 to 20. The KISW duck regularly attended rock concerts and once performed with the TUBES rock group during their show at the Paramount Theater in Seattle in 1978. The KISW duck was also well known for giving away donuts to listeners who drove by the station every Friday morning. The KISW duck is probably best known for being the victim of a police beating that happened at a Richard Pryor show in 1979 outside the Paramount Theater in Seattle. Although it was never clear what triggered the incident the charges were eventually dropped by the Seattle city attorney. The story of the beating was covered in several national music trade publications at the time. The KISW duck was portrayed by Daniel O'Brien a Seattle native and local promoter who was, beside being the KISW duck, one of the founders of a local entertainment magazine known as "The Rocket". The KISW duck quacked his last quack in 1980 when the station dropped the promotion.
Miss Rock hydroplane.
On August 4, 1980, Steve Montgomery of the KISW sales department and Doug McIntosh created a hydroplane, (which was once the Miss Timex), painted it black, and added the station's fiery black “rock” logo to it. To Steve Montgomery's surprise, Doug McIntosh wasn't the owner of the famed "Miss Rock". Brian Keogh of Detroit was, and he ended up driving the boat in the first Seafair race, which they didn’t even qualify to race the first year. The boat rarely placed, but drew cheers anyway. The "Miss Rock" has become a fixture at Seattle’s Seafair.
Awards.
In 2007, the station was nominated for the Radio & Records magazine Active Rock station of the year award in a top 25 market. Other nominees included WIYY in Baltimore, WAAF in Boston, KBPI in Denver, WRIF in Detroit, and WMMR in Philadelphia. Nominated for a RadioContraband Rock Radio Award for "Major Market Radio Station of the Year" 2012

</doc>
<doc id="2901327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901327" title="Just Say Ozzy">
Just Say Ozzy

Just Say Ozzy is a live EP by Ozzy Osbourne. It was released on March 17, 1990 and was remastered on August 22, 1995. 
Overview.
The sleeve states that "Just Say Ozzy" was recorded at London's Brixton Academy. The music, however, was re-recorded and mixed at Electric Lady Studios in New York with engineer Adam Yellin and the audience noise and some tracks kept from the live recording.
The album—along with "The Ultimate Sin" and "Live & Loud"—has since been deleted from Ozzy's catalog and was not remastered and reissued along with the rest of Ozzy's albums in 2002. This is mainly due to a continuing legal struggle with bassist/songwriter Phil Soussan over the song "Shot In The Dark". 
"Just Say Ozzy" peaked at number 58 on the Billboard 200 and was certified Gold on July 21, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2901335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901335" title="Thomas Earle">
Thomas Earle

Thomas Earle (April 21, 1796 – July 14, 1849) was an American journalist, lawyer, and politician.
The son of Pliny Earle, he was born in Leicester, Massachusetts, the descendant of Ralph Earle, one of the original petitioners of King Charles I to found the state of Rhode Island. His son was Philadelphia lawyer . His grandson, born after his death, was noted "financial diplomat" George H. Earle, Jr.. His great-grandson was George Howard Earle III, governor of Pennsylvania.
He was educated at Leicester academy. In 1817 he moved to Philadelphia, where he engaged in mercantile pursuits for a few years, but subsequently studied law and practiced his profession. He became distinguished also as a journalist, editing in succession the "Columbian Observer," "Standard," "Pennsylvanian," and "Mechanics' Free Press and Reform Advocate." In 1837 he took an active part in calling the Constitutional convention of Pennsylvania, of which he was a prominent member, and it is supposed that he made the original draft of the new constitution. He lost his popularity with the Democratic Party by advocating the extension of the right of suffrage to African Americans.
He was the vice-presidential candidate in the 1840 presidential election; he ran on the Liberty Party ticket with James G. Birney.
In 1837-1838 Earle was a delegate to the convention to revise Pennsylvania's constitution. There he was one of the strongest defenders of the black voting rights, along with Thaddeus Stevens. His defense of black voting rights was, however, unsuccessful. The new constitution included the word "white", formally disenfranchising blacks for the first time. 
He died in 1849, aged 53.
External links.
Read "Thomas Earle as a Reformer" (1948) by Edwin B. Bronner.

</doc>
<doc id="2901339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901339" title="The Rainbow People">
The Rainbow People

The Rainbow People is a 1984 book by Richard Collier. The book describes a subculture of transatlantic-based wealthy hedonists. Collier says, "The era of the Rainbow People opened with the coronation of a prince called 'Tum-Tum' as Britain's Edward VII in 1902 and closed in 1975 with the death of Aristotle Onassis, dubbed 'Daddy-O' by "Women's Wear Daily"."

</doc>
<doc id="2901352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901352" title="Nekra">
Nekra

Nekra is a fictional mutant supervillain in Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
Nekra first appeared in "Shanna the She-Devil" #5 (August 1973), and was created by Steve Gerber and Ross Andru.
The character subsequently appears in "Marvel Two-In-One" #3 (May 1974), "Daredevil" #109-112 (May–August 1974), "Spider-Woman" #15-16 (June–July 1979), #50 (June 1983), "West Coast Avengers" #2 (October 1985), "The Vision and the Scarlet Witch" #1-2 (October–November 1985), #12 (September 1986), "Web of Spider-Man" #46 (January 1989), "Alpha Flight" #79-80 (December 1989-January 1990), "Avengers Spotlight" #29 (February 1990), "Avengers West Coast" #65 (December 1990), and the graphic novel "Avengers: Death Trap, the Vault" (1991). The character does not appear for several years after that, until she reappeared in "Witches" #1 (August 2004), and "The Loners" #1 (June 2007), and #4-5 (September–October 2007).
Nekra received an entry in the original "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe" #8, and in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Deluxe Edition" #9, and the "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z" #8 (2006).
Fictional character biography.
Decades ago, Gemma Sinclair was an African-American cleaning lady at Los Alamos National Laboratory. While she is pregnant, an exploding lab experiment bombards Gemma with radiation, causing her unborn child to mutate. Nekra is born an albino with vampiric features. Loathed by her parents and community, Nekra runs away into the New Mexico desert to live alone when she is fourteen years old.
She soon encounters by chance another child who has been mutated by the same explosion. Although his parents were white, he had been born dark-skinned and had developed fur and baboon-like features, for which he had named himself Mandrill. For six years they live by theft and scavenging, until they are attacked by a lynch mob that thought they were monsters. While filled with rage, Nekra discovers she is invulnerable to the mob's attacks. Slaying a few of their persecutors, the two escape and come to regard each other as if they were siblings.
The two later leave to Africa, as part of the Mandrill's ambitious scheme to overthrow multiple nations through Black Spectre, a cult of personality powered by the Mandrill's pheromonal control over women. This effort is thwarted by Shanna the She-Devil. The two eventually escape, kidnapping Shanna's father in the process, and eventually killing him.
Their next plot is of similar means, whereby they use the Mandrill's powers to raise a cult of black women to overthrow America. They are eventually defeated on the White House lawn by Daredevil, the Black Widow, and Shanna. Abandoned by Mandrill, Nekra is captured by authorities.
Nekra is held captive and drugged in a S.H.I.E.L.D. hospital, until a subliminal message from Hate-Monger inadvertently gave her the rage necessary to break free. While in the New York sewers, Nekra encounters a cult of Kali, whom she persuades that Nekra herself was the reincarnation of Kali. She then moves to the West Coast where she kills and replaces Adrienne Hatros, the reclusive sponsor of an emotional research clinic where Nekra hopes to overcome her own dependency upon emotions. There she develops a drug to subdue feelings of affection, and successfully field-tests it using Spider-Woman as the target of her feelings.
Nekra falls in with the voodoo-master the Black Talon as voodoo tutor, and with the Grim Reaper as her lover. When the Grim Reaper dies in combat, Nekra is able to briefly reanimate him as a zombie, so lifelike that even the Grim Reaper does not realize he is dead. When Nekra's love becomes greater than her hate though, the Reaper dies again. Nekra takes his corpse with her, in hopes of reanimating him again.
Nekra then had run-ins with Spider-Man, and then Henry Pym. She also battled Alpha Flight at the behest of Llan the Sorcerer.
Nekra spends some time in the super-villain prison The Vault. During a prison wide riot, she and Mister Hyde have a brief romantic interlude.
Nekra finally manages to re-animate the Grim Reaper again, but this time there is a caveat: he has to kill one person every 24 hours in order to stay 'alive.' The Reaper chooses Nekra as his first victim and kills her.
Sensing the potential threat of Doctor Druid, Daimon Hellstrom uses his magics to reanimate Nekra, and sends her to investigate him. First she seduces Dr Druid, which negates his powers, but he manages to regain them via sacrifice. Nekra then shoots Dr. Druid in the forehead, killing him.
Nekra is one of a handful of mutants to have retained her powers in the wake of House of M.
Nekra resurfaces and is seen donating genetic material to an M.G.H ring that had sprung up in L.A. after the death of The Pride. She is defeated by Ricochet, Darkhawk, and the third Spider-Woman. She later returns at the Loners' meeting place to get her revenge on them. Nekra easily battled and defeated all of the Loners and precedes to strangle Mickey, when she is struck from behind by a mysterious lady named "Namie".
A girl going by the alias Death Reaper makes an appearance in "Dark Reign: Zodiac". She claims to be illegitimate daughter of Nekra. Nekra joins the Grim Reaper's new Lethal Legion. She is betrayed, along with the rest of the Legion by Grim Reaper, who uses them as a ploy to give Norman's Avengers better publicity. She is sent to prison and is under the impression that Grim Reaper is dead.
Nekra is seen during the riots in San Francisco with Frenzy of the Acolytes. Both are told by Karma to behave but Nekra tells her they were promised Utopia and they will never stop hunting mutants. They'll always be hunted, tormented and killed. She is then blasted by Ms. Marvel. She later takes part in final battle; once again pitted against Osborn's Dark Avengers as well as his X-Men and follows the rest of the mutants to the island of Utopia. It is also revealed that she has a daughter named Death Reaper who is an ally of the villain Zodiac.
During the "Chaos War" storyline, Nekra assists a resurrected Grim Reaper in fighting the Dead Avengers. She was killed with the Grim Reaper when Vision self-destructed.
Powers and abilities.
Possesses the ability to increase her strength, endurance, and resistance to pain and injury by harnessing her violent emotions. Her heightened adrenal activity causes a series of metabolic reactions within her body that toughen her skin and increase the efficiency of her muscles. At her peak, she can lift approximately 10 tons, withstand an explosion of about 100 pounds of TNT, and withstand extreme degrees of cold and heat. Her powers are limited by how long she can sustain her emotional state, generally for no more than an hour.

</doc>
<doc id="2901358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901358" title="Hermon Atkins MacNeil">
Hermon Atkins MacNeil

Hermon Atkins MacNeil (February 27, 1866 – October 2, 1947) was an American sculptor born in Everett, Massachusetts. He is known for designing the Standing Liberty quarter, and for sculpting "Justice, the Guardian of Liberty" on the east pediment of the United States Supreme Court building.
Career.
He was an instructor in industrial art at Cornell University from 1886 to 1889, and was then a pupil of Henri M. Chapu and Alexandre Falguière in Paris. Returning to America, he aided Philip Martiny (1858–1927) in the preparation of sketch models for the World's Columbian Exposition, and in 1896 he won the Rinehart scholarship, passing four years (1896–1900) in Rome.
In 1906 he became a National Academician. His first important work was "The Moqui Runner", which was followed by "A Primitive Chant", and "The Sun Vow", all figures of the North American Indian. A "Fountain of Liberty", for the Louisiana Purchase Exposition, and other Indian themes came later; his "Agnese" and his "Beatrice", which are two fine busts of women, and his nude statuettes, which echo his time spent in Rome and Paris, also deserve mention. One of his principal works is the sculpture in Columbus, Ohio, in honor of President William McKinley. In 1909 he won in competition a commission for a large soldiers' and sailors' monument in Albany, New York.
Perhaps his best known work is as the designer of the Standing Liberty quarter, which as minted from 1916 to 1930, and carries his initial to the right of the date.
He also made "Justice, the Guardian of Liberty" on the east pediment of the United States Supreme Court building.
MacNeil was one of a dozen sculptors invited to compete in the Pioneer Woman statue competition in 1927, which he failed to win.
One of his last works was the Pony Express statue dedicated in 1940 in St. Joseph, Missouri.
Family.
His wife, Carol Brooks MacNeil, also a sculptor of distinction, was a pupil of Frederick William MacMonnies and a member of the White Rabbits.

</doc>
<doc id="2901361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901361" title="The Center of Winter">
The Center of Winter

The Center of Winter is a novel by the American author Marya Hornbacher. It was published by Harper Perennial in early 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2901362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901362" title="John Boyd (author)">
John Boyd (author)

John Boyd was the primary pen-name of Boyd Bradfield Upchurch (October 3, 1919 – June 8, 2013) a science fiction author. His best known work is his first science fiction novel, "The Last Starship from Earth", published in 1968. Boyd wrote eleven science fiction novels, five other novels, and one biography. The majority of his novels were published by US publisher Weybright & Talley, with later ones appearing from SF publishers. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
He died on June 8, 2013.
Definition of science fiction.
Boyd has written on science fiction, giving a definition of the genre as "... storytelling, usually imaginative as distinct from realistic fiction, which poses the effects of current or extrapolated scientific discoveries, or a single discovery, on the behavior of individuals society."

</doc>
<doc id="2901366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901366" title="Four Arts Gardens">
Four Arts Gardens

The Four Arts Gardens, also known as the Four Arts Library, Gardens and Philip Hulitar Sculpture Gardens, are nonprofit botanical gardens located at 2 Four Arts Plaza, Palm Beach, Florida. After the hurricanes of 2004, the gardens were renovated, and re-opened to the public in March 2007.
The site's demonstration gardens were established in 1938 and now maintained by the Garden Club of Palm Beach to display tropical plants suitable for South Florida. Its Chinese garden includes a moongate and statuary, with pathway winding past a rock garden to the Spanish facade and decorative well. Large trees shade the way to the Madonna garden and formal fountain.
It also includes a Spanish Garden, and a tropical garden. The original gardens were planned by seven society ladies and one gentleman in the 1930s, to incorporate a series of garden rooms with different themes.
Sculptures on display include works by Lawrence Holofcener, Luis Montoya, Leslie Ortiz, Felipe Castaneda, Diana Guest, Philip Jackson, Dan Ostermiller, Ira Bruce Reines, and Jose Antonio Villalobos
Society of the Four Arts.
The Society of the Four Arts was founded in 1936. Its campus on the Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Beach is home to the Esther B. O’Keeffe Gallery Building, which includes the Esther B. O’Keeffe Art Gallery, a concert hall auditorium, two libraries, an administration building, and gardens. The Plaza's original building by Maurice Fatio now houses a library. TheO'Keefe Gallery building was designed by architect Addison Mizner. There is an admission fee for the Esther B. O'Keeffe Art Gallery.
The Mary Alice Fortin Children's Art Gallery is located on the second floor of the Rovensky Administration building, as well as the Four Arts Children’s Library. Admission is free.

</doc>
<doc id="2901372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901372" title="Pauly Fuemana">
Pauly Fuemana

Pauly Lawrence Fuemana (8 February 1969 – 31 January 2010) was a New Zealand singer, songwriter and musician. Fuemana was the lead singer of the music duo, OMC (Otara Millionaires Club), which was best known internationally for the 1995 hit, "How Bizarre". The song is still the best selling New Zealand record of all time, as of February 2010.
Early life.
Fuemana was born in Auckland, to parents Takiula Fuemana and Merelyn Fuemana. He was of half-Niuean and half-Māori descent. His father, Takiula Fuemana, is originally from Mutalau, Niue, before immigrating to New Zealand, while his mother was Taranaki Māori. Pauly Fuemana was the youngest of 4 children.
Fuemana was raised in Otara, a poor suburb in South Auckland with a large Pacific Islander population.
OMC.
OMC was formed by older brother Phil Fuemana and was passed on to Pauly Fuemana. Fuemana's musical duo, OMC, reached worldwide fame in 1995 with the single "How Bizarre", from their debut album of the same name. OMC, which consisted of Fuemana and Alan Jansson, ceased recording in 1998, but recorded again briefly in 2007.
The song, which was named Single of the Year at the 1996 New Zealand Music Awards, hit number one around the world, including the United States, Australia, Austria, Canada, Ireland and New Zealand. In 2002, their song "How Bizarre" reached #71 on the 100 Greatest One-hit Wonders. The single was a chart hit in many countries and spent multiple weeks at number one in several countries, reaching the top for two weeks in Austria, three weeks in Ireland, three weeks in New Zealand and five weeks in Australia.
He often spoke about the hit: "I put a lot of hidden stories in there so people could read between the lines and sense it for what it is instead of telling them, 'Yeah, we got pulled over by the cops, and my mate got his head smashed in, and we got arrested, and they found some pot on him,'" Fuemana told Reuters in a 1997 interview.
Fuemana declared bankruptcy in 2006. His older brother, Phil Fuemana, who pioneered a form of Polynesian influenced hip-hop and R&B, died of a heart attack in 2005 at the age of 41.
Death.
Pauly Fuemana died following a protracted battle with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy, ultimately succumbing to respiratory failure at North Shore Hospital, North Shore City, on 31 January 2010. His death occurred eight days before his 41st birthday. He had been in declining health for several years. For a few months prior to his death he had been suffering from a neurological condition, and also developed pneumonia. The week of his death, "How Bizarre" re-entered the New Zealand singles charts at #40.
He is survived by his wife, Kirstine Fuemana, an Englishwoman whom he married in 2002, and five children.
Fuemana's funeral was held on 5 February 2010, at the Pacific Island Presbyterian Church in Newton, New Zealand. The 200 attendees included rappers Dei Hamo, Ermehn and Darryl Thompson, who is also known as DLT, Alan Jansson, Simon Grigg, Nathan Haines and the mayor of Auckland Super city, Len Brown.

</doc>
<doc id="2901374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901374" title="Pliny Earle">
Pliny Earle

Pliny Earle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901385" title="Grove School (Connecticut)">
Grove School (Connecticut)

Grove School is a coeducational therapeutic boarding and day school located in Madison, Connecticut which serves grades six to twelve and post-graduates. Madison is a semi-suburban area, about 20 minutes from New Haven, Connecticut. Grove School was founded by Jess Perlman. 
Grove School serves students with dyslexia, obsessive compulsive disorder, Asperger syndrome, Tourette's Syndrome, Attention Deficit Disorder, Bipolar disorder, Major Depressive Disorder, mild bulimia nervosa and mild anorexia nervosa. Grove School does not accept students with a diagnosis of moderate to severe cutting, conduct disorder, moderate to severe oppositional defiant disorder or chronic substance abuse problems.
Students.
As of 2005 there were 105 students at Grove School, just one of whom was a day student. There was about a 60:40 male-female student ratio. 
The majority of the students were from Connecticut, New York, Massachusetts and New Jersey. Some other states are represented such as Illinois, Georgia, Ohio, California, Virginia, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Delaware.
Grove School has also hosted students from other countries such as Austria, Belgium and China.
Faculty.
There are 3 psychiatrists, 7 therapists, 30 teachers (24 of whom are also dormitory staff), and 12 advisors. Half the teachers are certified in Special Education in CT and the other half are content area certified in CT. While the student to staff ratio is 4:1 the student to on-duty staff ratio is much lower.
College placement.
There is a SAT preparation program available for juniors and seniors which is especially tailored for Grove School.
In the 2004 SAT 20% scored over 600 on verbal, 20% scored over 600 on math and 25% scored over 1200 combined on the 2004 SAT.
Some 2004 and 2005 graduates of Grove School attended the following colleges: Union College, Suffolk University, Ithaca College, Manhattanville College, Alfred University and others. Since its inception Grove graduates have attended Curry College, Mitchell College, Quinnipiac University, Sacred Heart University, Merrimack College, Clark University, Berkshire Community College, Purdue University, Mount Ida College, University of Connecticut, Berklee College of Music, and others.
Some graduates of 2007 and 2008 are or were attending the following colleges: Frostburg State University, St. Thomas Aquinas College, New England College, Hofstra University, UConn, Virginia Commonwealth University, NYIT, Wagner College, Ohio Wesleyan University, Curry College, and Mitchell College.
Some of the graduates of 2011 are or were attending the following colleges: 
Curry College, West Virginia University, Mount Holyoke College, University of Nevada Las Vegas, Alaska Pacific 
University, Saint Michaels College, Salve Regina University, Mitchell College, Champlain College, Landmark College, Franklin Pierce University, Manhattanville College, Southern Connecticut State University, University of Vermont, Yeshiva University, California Institute of the Arts, Massbay Community College, Middlesex Community College, Keene State College, Trent University.
Statistics of former students who graduate from college are not recorded.
Therapeutic element.
Students see a therapist twice a week for individual therapy and a psychiatrist as necessary for medication management. They also meet in group therapy once a week. 
There is a nurse's office on campus as well as three nurses and one nurse assistant. The nurses and nurse assistant may refer students to physicians if they show medical need. 
Students may also be referred to a registered dietician, an occupational therapist, a physical therapist and/or a speech therapist.
Extracurricular activities.
Grove School has a varsity and junior varsity coed soccer team and basketball team. Grove School also has a boys' varsity and junior varsity baseball team, and a girls' softball team. In the 2005–2006 school year, there was a poetry club, outdoors club, and Student Council. Traditional activities the student council plans include pep rally, fall carnival, junior-senior prom, dress-up dinners (which is a semi-formal dress code), and Halloween Dance. Regular activities are also an important part of the campus life. The school also operates the ASTEE (Alternative Site Therapeutic and Educational Experience) program. The ASTEE program operates throughout the year and exposes students to wilderness and cultural experiences in the US, Caribbean. and Central America. These opportunities, which Grove School has been offering to students for more than 20 years, strengthen students’ sense of community while helping them to build new and meaningful relationships with their mentors and peers.
Campus.
Grove School has many dorms set up around campus. The dorms include: White House, Middle House, The Olshin, The Lodge, The Perlman, The Redlich, The Patch, Charles House, Grey House, Blue House, and Tesler House. In 2010 the Grove School opened a new education center with 9 classrooms, a science lab and a media center. The campus is currently undergoing extensive renovation plans. In 2011 the school opened a new welcome center.The new 10,800-square-foot athletic facility was opened in December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2901386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901386" title="National Socialist Industrial Workers' Union">
National Socialist Industrial Workers' Union

National Socialist Industrial Workers Union (, NSIAF) was the trade union wing of the National Socialist Workers Party (NSAP) in Sweden.
In 1938 NSIAF changed name to Swedish-Socialist Industrial Workers Union ("Svensksocialistiska Industriarbetarförbundet", SSIAF). SSIAF was active during the hotel workers strike that year. It credited itself with having 30% higher subsidies to striking workers than the mainstream LO.
Later it changed name to Trade Union Struggle Organization of Sweden ("Sveriges Fackliga Kamporganisation").

</doc>
<doc id="2901388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901388" title="Interventricular septum">
Interventricular septum

Interventricular septum (or ventricular septum, or during development septum inferius), abbreviated IVS, is the stout wall separating the lower chambers (the ventricles) of the heart from one another. 
The ventricular septum is directed obliquely backward to the right, and curved with the convexity toward the right ventricle; its margins correspond with the anterior and posterior longitudinal sulci.
Disorders.
A hole in the interventricular septum is termed a ventricular septal defect (VSD).

</doc>
<doc id="2901393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901393" title="Ian Binnie">
Ian Binnie

William Ian Corneil Binnie (born April 14, 1939) is a former puisne justice of the Supreme Court of Canada, serving from 1998 to 2011. Of the justices appointed to the Supreme Court in recent years, he is one of the few to have never sat as a judge prior to his appointment. He was described by the Toronto Star as "one of the strongest hands on the court."
Personal life and career as lawyer.
Binnie was born in Montreal, Quebec. He graduated from McGill University in 1960, where he was a member of the Kappa Alpha Society and the Scarlet Key Honor Society, and went on the study law at Cambridge University (graduating with an LL.B in 1963 and an LL.M in 1988) and the University of Toronto (LL.B in 1965). He was called to the Ontario bar in 1967 and practiced private law at Wright & McTaggart and its successor firms until 1982, at which point he went to work as Associate Deputy Minister of Justice for the Government of Canada. In 1986, he went on to practice at McCarthy Tétrault, until he was appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada in 1998, replacing Justice John Sopinka. Just as with his predecessor, Binnie had never sat as a judge before his appointment to the Supreme Court. 
Prior to his appointment, he had argued numerous cases in front of the Court. For example, he was lead counsel for the defendant in the notable case of "R. v. Wholesale Travel Inc."
In May 2011, Binnie announced his plans to retire as early as August 30, 2011, unless there was a delay in the appointment of his replacement. He continued until Michael Moldaver and Andromache Karakatsanis were sworn in on October 27, 2011, replacing him and Louise Charron, who had left the court on August 30, 2011. 
On November 16, 2011, the New Zealand Justice Minister Simon Power announced that Binnie had been selected to review the David Bain case and Bain's request for compensation for wrongful conviction and imprisonment.
In April 2012, Binnie joined Lenczner Slaght Royce Smith Griffin, a Toronto litigation boutique, as counsel. He also joined Arbitration Place as Resident Arbitrator, presiding over both Canadian and international arbitrations.
David Bain compensation claim.
In 2011, Binnie was asked by New Zealand Minister of Justice Simon Power to investigate a compensation claim made by David Bain, who spent 13 years in prison for murdering his family, but was eventually acquitted in a retrial. The case made frequent headlines in New Zealand and divided public opinion because of the drawn-out nature of the appeals process, which went all the way to the Privy Council in London.
After a 12-month investigation, Binnie concluded that original police investigation was incompetent, declared Bain to be innocent on the 'balance of probabilities' and recommended he should be paid compensation. The new Justice Minister Judith Collins rejected the findings of the report, saying it lacked robust reasoning and showed a misunderstanding New Zealand law. This led to a public spat between the New Zealand Minister of Justice and Justice Binnie, who accused Judith Collins of politicising the process. Collins said the government would be getting a second opinion on compensation without letting Bain's legal team know what was in it, a decision Bain supporters slammed as a double standard. Binnie criticised Collins for refusing to give a copy of the report to Bain's legal team and for leaking details of his report to the media.
Colleagues in Canada rallied to his defence. The President of the Canadian Bar Association, Robert Brun, QC, said Binnie "is held in the highest esteem by both the legal community and the judiciary for his integrity, skill, and experience. He is praised for his honesty and intellect, and his reputation extends well beyond Canada's borders."
Judgments.
Due to Binnie's background in business and corporate law, he has typically written many of the judgments in those areas of law.
Binnie nonetheless felt that a majority of the court was too favourable to the Crown against the rights of accused in "R v Sinclair", a 2010 case regarding an accused's right to counsel during police questioning.

</doc>
<doc id="2901396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901396" title="Pliny Earle I">
Pliny Earle I

Pliny Earle I (December 17, 1762 – November 19, 1832) was an American inventor who made wool and cotton carding machines.
Biography.
Pliny Earle I was born in 1762 in Leicester, Massachusetts.
He was a descendant of Ralph Earle, who petitioned Charles I of England, in 1638, for a charter to form themselves into Rhode Island.
In 1785, he teamed with Edmund Snow in the manufacture of carding machines for cotton and wool. Among the many obstacles encountered by Samuel Slater in the introduction into the United States of the manufacture of cotton by machinery was the difficulty of procuring card clothing for his machines.
After unsuccessful applications to several other persons, he went, in 1790, to Earle, who, although it was a new and untried work, agreed to make the cards. He succeeded, but to achieve that success he was obliged to prick the holes for the teeth with two needles fastened in handle. This led him to the invention of the machine for pricking "twilled" cards, by which the labor of a man for fifteen hours could be performed in as many minutes. This machine was in general use for years, until the machine that both pricks the leather and sets the teeth superseded it. He was a member of the Society of Friends, and, apart from his inventive genius, made extensive attainments in science and literature.
Earle subsequently took little part in political affairs. He devoted his time principally to literary work, and published an "Essay on Penal Law" ; an "Essay on the Rights of States to Alter and to Annul their Charters"; "Treatise on Railroads and Internal Communications" (1830) and a" Life of Benjamin Lundy." At the time of his death he was engaged in a translation of Sismondis "Italian Republics," and in the compilation of a "Grammatical Dictionary of the French and the English Languages."
He is buried at Quaker Cemetery, Leicester, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="2901418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901418" title="Glossary of broadcasting terms">
Glossary of broadcasting terms

Below is a glossary of terms used in broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="2901433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901433" title="Essex Act 1987">
Essex Act 1987

The Essex Act 1987 is a local Act of Parliament (citation 1987 c. xx) that has been put into effect in the former shire county of Essex as it was at the time the legislation was passed in 1987 (i.e. Thurrock and Southend are within the remit of the Act - what is now the entire ceremonial county).
The most notable clause in the law is section 6, allowing the prohibition of parking on grass verges.

</doc>
<doc id="2901463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901463" title="Darren Dods">
Darren Dods

Darren Dods (born 7 June 1975) is a professional footballer who is currently at Forfar Athletic.
Career.
Edinburgh-born Dods began his professional career with hometown club Hibernian in 1992, making over seventy first team appearances in a six-year spell. In 1998, Dods moved to St. Johnstone where his performances earned him a four-year contract extension in December 2000.
Inverness CT.
When his contract expired in the Summer of 2004, he signed a contract at Inverness Caledonian Thistle and won the Caley Thistle fans' Player of the Year award in his first season.
In March 2006, shortly after Craig Brewster left Inverness to become Dundee United manager, Dods was rumoured to be a target for the Tayside club, although he still had over a year left on his contract. In June, it was reported that Dods had failed to agree a new contract, with Brewster – who had failed in a bid to sign Inverness players Ian Black and David Proctor – still heavily linked with the player. At the start of the 2006–07 season, Dods had a transfer request rejected by Inverness manager Charlie Christie with Inverness subsequently rejecting bids from United of £10,000 and then £35,000 for the player.
Dundee United.
On 13 January 2007, it was announced Dods had signed a pre-contract agreement to join Dundee United in June 2007, despite Craig Brewster having left the United manager position three months earlier. New manager Craig Levein said he was "pleased" regarding Dods' two-year deal. On 22 June 2007, Dods formally joined the club, signing a two-year contract with Dundee United. In Dods' ninth game in October 2007, he scored his first goal for the club, heading the only goal in a 1–0 home win over Motherwell.
In November 2007, Dods won a cap for the Scotland B team.
Falkirk.
On 13 June 2011, Dods signed for Falkirk. He scored his first goal against Brechin City in a Challenge Cup tie on 23 July 2011. Dods scored the goal in April 2012 to win Falkirk their 4th Scottish Challenge Cup, scoring a header in the 2nd minute in a 1–0 victory over Hamilton at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium. Dods signed a one year contract extension to stay at Falkirk for the 2012/13 season. He missed a number of games at the start of the season due to a recurring injury, but by mid-September had settled back into his normal centre back role. Dods made 33 appearances in season 2012/13, scoring 5 goals, before leaving in the Summer of 2013. Despite being 37 and having begun his coaching badges, Dods said he still had an interest in the playing side of the game.
Forfar Athletic.
On 7 July 2013, it was confirmed that Dods had signed for Forfar Athletic.

</doc>
<doc id="2901466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901466" title="International Standard Text Code">
International Standard Text Code

The International Standard Text Code (ISTC) is a unique identifier for text-based works. The ISO standard was developed by TC 46/SC 9 and published in March 2009 as ISO 21047:2009. The authority responsible for implementing the standard is The International ISTC Agency.
Purpose.
By including one or more ISTC numbers as an attribute of a bibliographic record (e.g., an ISBN record), the aggregation, collocation, filtering, etc. of publication records can be achieved automatically based on the content of the relevant publications. This solves the problem of identifying the relevant content when it is published under different titles, or where different content is published under the same title. The ISTC also enables many improvements in efficiency, such as enabling retail websites to accurately re-use reviews and subject classifications applied to one publication on every other publication of the same work.
Another application of ISTCs involves using them to identify distinct but related works. E.g., the bibliographic records for a number of derivations, such as translations of the same work, can include the ISTC for that original work and thus be automatically grouped together, even though the records are for publications of distinct works with their own individual titles.
Implementation.
A single database is used to hold all ISTC records, regardless of which country they were registered in. Anybody wishing to register a textual work, e.g., an author, agent or publisher, must submit a request to an ISTC registration agency with the necessary metadata needed to distinguish that work from all others. This enables each request for the registration of a textual work to be checked for global uniqueness. If a work has not already been registered (i.e., if the metadata supplied on the registration request is found to be unique), then a new ISTC number is returned by the system; if a work has already been registered (i.e., if the metadata supplied on the registration request matches that of an existing ISTC record), then the existing ISTC number is returned. There is no concept of ownership of an ISTC number; the same number should be used by anyone wherever the same work appears and needs to be identified. There is no restriction concerning which registration agency each registration request must be submitted through. Anybody wishing to check whether or not a particular work has already been registered will be able to do so by accessing a free-to-use search facility available on the International ISTC Agency website.
Format.
ISTC numbers are hexadecimal, so may be formed from numbers 0-9 and letters A-F. They are made up of four parts:
Example: ISTC A02-2009-000004BE-A
User manual.
The ISTC User Manual is the official guide to the use of ISTCs; it is available for download free of charge from the International ISTC Agency's website.

</doc>
<doc id="2901474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901474" title="Robert G. Eaton">
Robert G. Eaton

Robert Gordon Eaton (June 23, 1937 – January 2009) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1985, and was a cabinet minister in the government of William Davis. Eaton was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
He was born in Woodstock, Ontario, and educated at the Ridgetown College of Agricultural Technology. He was a member of his local school board from 1964 to 1966, and a director of Missouri Mutual Fire Insurance.
Eaton was first elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1971 provincial election, defeating New Democratic Party MPP Kenneth Bolton by 3,053 votes in Middlesex South. He was re-elected for the redistributed seat of Middlesex in 1975, 1977 and 1981, and was appointed to Davis's cabinet as a minister without portfolio on February 13, 1982, and was promoted to Chief Government Whip on July 6, 1983. He supported Dennis Timbrell to succeed Davis as party leader in January 1985, and was dropped from cabinet when Frank Miller became Premier of Ontario on February 8, 1985.
The Conservatives suffered an electoral setback in the 1985 election under Miller's leadership. Eaton was personally defeated, losing to Liberal candidate Doug Reycraft by 810 votes.
After leaving politics, he continued his farm operation, specializing in Hereford cattle, and launched his a real estate company, Royal LePage Landco Realty, with agents in Woodstock, Ingersoll, London and St. Thomas. Eaton served as the President of Woodstock and Ingersoll Real Estate Board. During his last years, Eaton was an advocate for cancer patients, pushing for cancer drug coverage under OHIP. Eaton died in January 2009, after a battle with cancer. He was 71 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2901475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901475" title="European Christian Political Youth Network">
European Christian Political Youth Network

The European Christian Political Youth Network is a political youth organisation that brings Christian, politically active young people from all over Europe together to reinforce Christian politics in Europe. It is the independent youth organization of the European Christian Political Movement.
Background.
The European Christian Political Youth Network was established in July 2004 in Kortenberg (Belgium) by PerspectivE, Youth of the ChristianUnion (Netherlands) and other European Christian political youth organisations, such as the Christian Peoples Alliance Youth (United Kingdom). The founding of ECPYN was one of the results of the International Summer School where young people from all over Europe participated.

</doc>
<doc id="2901478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901478" title="Jennifer Sky">
Jennifer Sky

Jennifer Sky (born Jennifer Wacha; October 13, 1976) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Sarah Webber on "General Hospital" (1997–1998) and Cleopatra, the title character in the campy science fiction series "Cleopatra 2525".
Personal life.
Sky was raised in Jensen Beach, Florida. At 15, she was offered two months of summer modeling in Japan. She left for New York at the age of 17 to study acting under the tutelage of several acclaimed acting coaches, and became well-versed in the Meisner technique of acting. She has a sister Katie. Sky married Alex Band of The Calling on July 25, 2004, but the couple divorced in 2009.
On September 10, 2013, the "New York Times" published an op-ed from Sky, entitled "My Life as a Warrior Princess", in which she compared the terrible working conditions she experienced as a teenage fashion model with the much superior working conditions she experienced as an actor.
She described how inspirational she found her work on the show "".
Fashion label.
Sky, Katie and her former sister-in-law, Taryn Band, created the fashion label Vanitas of California. 
Career.
She has appeared as a regular cast member on such TV shows as "General Hospital", ', "Cleopatra 2525", in ', and in guest roles on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Charmed".
She was ranked #90 on the "Maxim" Hot 100 Women of 2003. She currently writes for her hometown newspaper, "The Stuart News". She is featured in the opinion section. According to her October 2010 column in the News, she has suffered from severe health problems and now lives and studies in New York City.
In February of 2014, she posted a video to YouTube in which she describes the emotional, professional and sexual mistreatment she feels she has suffered over the course of her career. In the video, Sky denounces the fashion model industry and calls on viewers to fight for the creation of labor unions for models, stricter regulations on the employment of children, and an end to what she describes as the systematic abuses of the industry.

</doc>
<doc id="2901479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901479" title="Anti-Jewish Action League of Sweden">
Anti-Jewish Action League of Sweden

Anti-Jewish Action League of Sweden (in Swedish: "Sveriges Antijudiska Kampförbund") was an antisemitic political organization in Sweden. The group was founded in 1941 by veteran antisemite Einar Åberg. Åberg's propagandistic activities eventually provoked the adoption of a legislation banning propaganda that foments ethnic hatred ("Lagen om hets mot folkgrupp").
The organization was later disbanded, but Åberg continued his political work.

</doc>
<doc id="2901480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901480" title="Fossickers Way">
Fossickers Way

Fossickers Way runs from Nundle in the south to Warialda and eastwards on the Gwydir Highway to Inverell and Glen Innes on the Northern Tablelands. It is designated as B95.
Fossickers Way refers to a specific group of towns located in northern New South Wales. It is referred to as Fossickers Way due to the many deposits of gold and the variety of gemstones that have been found in the area (mostly by Europeans) since the early 1850s. Prior to this time, local Aboriginal tribes such as the Werawai people of Nundle and its surrounds were known to use local minerals and stones for the purpose of making tools, such as axe heads.
Fossickers Way transverses the western slopes of the Northern Tablelands and passes through some of the world’s richest gem areas. In these parts, sapphires, zircon, jasper, prase, rhodonite, crystals and even gold may be found. The highway passes through open wheat and grazing lands and deeply wooded slopes, through country towns rich in gold rush history.
Towns along the Fossickers' Way include Nundle, Tamworth, Manilla, Barraba, and Bingara, Warialda, Delungra, Inverell and Glen Innes. The Fossickers Way, a scenic drive that incorporates seven shires in northern NSW The entire trip is around 375 km. Which makes it a very popular alternate route between Sydney and Brisbane.
In this area, sapphires, zircon, jasper, prase, ridonite, crystals and even gold may be found along various quarries, rivers and creeks, such as Swamp Oak Creek, just out of the town of Nundle where gold was discovered in 1851 by a local squatter, Nathan Burrows It has been reported that he made the discovery, then immediately informed folks in nearby Tamworth and the gold rush began thereafter. The Gwydir highway passes through open wheat and grazing lands and deeply wooded slopes through country towns, rich in gold rush history.
Many events occur along Fossicker's Way throughout the year, including the annual Tamworth Country Music Festival in January. The Fossicker's Way Treasure Hunt is also an annual event which takes participants through all eight towns on the trail.

</doc>
<doc id="2901485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901485" title="Bubble dance">
Bubble dance

The bubble dance is an erotic dance made famous by Sally Rand in the 1930s as an alternative to the striptease, with some similarities to fan dancing. The dancer (sometimes naked) dances with a huge bubble placed between her body and the audience to make some interesting poses.
It is usually performed by women, although it can also be performed by men. There's no requirement that the dancer to be nude, although the performer can play "peek-a-boo" with the audience with the bubble. 
Today, the bubble dance is less practised in some countries, but still popular in others.
In one cartoon in the Looney Tunes series, called "Hollywood Steps Out", a caricature of Rand is seen performing a bubble dance. She appears to be wearing only a bubble in front of her. Her bubble glows bright white, and it looks as though her skin and the bubble are the same color. She lifts up her bubble to reveal her privates and the screen rises up to prevent the cartoon's viewers from seeing them and then it comes back down to cover them again. Then, Harpo Marx comes out from under a table with a slingshot and pops her bubble, revealing Rand wearing a barrel. 
There is also a sketch in "The Benny Hill Show" that features a variation of this dance. In it, Benny plays a schoolboy who visits a strip club and sees "Mahala", played by Corinne Russell, doing her "daring Balloon Dance". Corinne wears almost nothing with only her balloon to cover her breasts. She winks and blows kisses at the crowd. She does some kicks and deep stretches as well as splits, until schoolboy Benny decides to use his slingshot on her in the hopes of puncturing her balloon, and in puncturing her, reveals her to be nothing but a blow up doll.
Like pole dancing, it is undergoing dissociation from pornography as seen in many countries. Visitors to these countries often find non-pornographic instances unthinkable back home.

</doc>
<doc id="2901498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901498" title="Kelvin Ransey">
Kelvin Ransey

Kelvin Ransey (born May 3, 1958) is a retired American collegiate and professional basketball player of the 1970s and 1980s, respectively.
Ransey attended Toledo's Macomber High School in the mid-1970s. He was a four-year starter at Ohio State University from 1976 to 1979 where he played both point and shooting guard.
The 6'1" (1.85 m) Ransey was the fourth overall pick in the 1980 NBA Draft, by the Chicago Bulls. He was traded to the Portland Trail Blazers before the season began. He was runner-up by one vote for NBA Rookie of the Year (to Darrell Griffith) in 1980-81. Ransey played for six years in the NBA for 3 different teams, averaging 11.4 points and 5.2 assists per game. His best season, statistically, was his second, when he averaged over 16 points and 7 assists.
Ransey retired following the 1985-86 season, returning to Toledo to become a preacher until 2000, after which time he moved to Tupelo, Mississippi. Twice married, he has six children.

</doc>
<doc id="2901513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901513" title="Morrison Arboretum">
Morrison Arboretum

The Morrison Arboretum is an arboretum located in Morrison, Oklahoma. It is open to the public daily without charge.
The arboretum's plantings include "Acer truncatum", "Aesculus pavia", "Betula nigra", "Cercis canadensis", "Celtis occidentalis", "Chamaecyparis nootkatensis", "Fraxinus pennsylvanica", "Ginkgo biloba", "Ilex 'Nellie R. Stevens'," "Juniperus virginiana", "Magnolia grandiflora", "Metasequoia glyptostroboides", "Morus alba 'Chaparral'," "Nyssa sylvatica", "Platanus x acerifolia", "Quercus muehlenbergii", "Quercus nigra", "Quercus shumardii", "Taxodium distichum", and "Ulmus pumila".

</doc>
<doc id="2901515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901515" title="Louis LeBel">
Louis LeBel

Louis LeBel (born November 30, 1939) is a puisne justice on the Supreme Court of Canada.
LeBel was born in Quebec City. He was the son of lawyer Paul LeBel, Q.C. He went to school at the Collège des Jésuites, graduating with a BA in 1958 from College des Jesuites. He earned his law degree at Université Laval in 1962 and went on to get an LL.M from the University of Toronto in 1966. He was a top student, winning the Governor General’s medal, the Lieutenant General’s medal and the Tessier silver medal. 
He was called to the bar in 1962 and practiced in Quebec City in several firms until 1984. During this period he taught at University of Ottawa and Université Laval. 
On June 28, 1984, he was appointed directly to the Quebec Court of Appeal. He stayed on the Court until he was appointed by Jean Chrétien to the Supreme Court in 2000.
He was married to Louise Poudrier, August 28, 1965. His wife was also a lawyer and taught at Laval University until 2000. They had three children: Paul, Catherine and Francois.

</doc>
<doc id="2901518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901518" title="Pliny Earle (physician)">
Pliny Earle (physician)

Pliny Earle II, MD (December 31, 1809 - 1892) was an American physician, psychiatrist, and poet. Pliny Earle was born in Leicester, Massachusetts, and was the son of the inventor Pliny Earle, and a member of the Earle family.
He graduated at the University of Pennsylvania in 1837, then studied in the hospitals of Paris, and visited institutions for the insane in European countries. In 1840 he became resident physician of the asylum for the insane (now known as Friends Hospital) at Frankford, Pennsylvania (now part of Philadelphia), where he remained two years. From April 1844 till April 1849, he was physician to Bloomingdale asylum, in New York. He immediately afterward visited insane hospitals in Europe. In 1853 he was appointed visiting physician to the New York City lunatic asylum, and in the same year delivered a course of lectures on mental disorders at the College of physicians and surgeons, New York. In 1863 he became professor of materia medica and psychology at Berkshire Medical College Pittsfield, Massachusetts, the first professorship of mental diseases ever established by a medical College in the United States. His lectures there were limited to the one course of 1864, owing to his appointment as superintendent and physician-in-chief of the state hospital for the insane in Northampton, Massachusetts. He held this place until October 1885.
In 1871 he visited forty-six institutions for the insane in Europe. Dr. Earle was, so far as known, the first person that ever addressed an audience of the insane in any other than a religious discourse. His introduction of lectures on natural philosophy at the Frankford asylum, in the winter of 1840-1841, was the initiative to a system of combined instruction and entertainment, which has been widely adopted, and is now considered essential to the highest perfection of an institution for the insane. In the winter of 1866-1867, at the hospital in Northampton, he delivered a course of lectures on insanity before audiences in which the average number of insane persons was about 250.
He was also a founder of the American Medical Association, the New York Academy of Medicine, the Association of Medical Superintendents of American Institutions for the Insane, and the New England Psychological Society.
Publications.
Non-fiction

</doc>
<doc id="2901525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901525" title="KLSU">
KLSU

KLSU (91.1 FM) is the student-run college radio station for Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana with a radio format of variety music and specialty programming. The radio station is part of the university's Student Media Program and employs students as DJs and management staff. KLSU broadcasts across the Baton Rouge area at 5,700 watts of power, and is able to reach up to 40 miles outside of the LSU campus. The station is licensed under the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) as a non-commercial educational (NCE) radio station. KLSU is one of 700 college radio stations across the United States that submits music chart reports to the weekly publication "College Music Journal" magazine.
KLSU is unusual in that its callsign begins with a K but is located on the east side on the Mississippi River (which should have it beginning with a W), and the callsign was not the beneficiary of the FCC grandfather clause. During the application period for the station, it was discovered that another station had the desired callsign (WLSU). Since the station was located within a mile of the Mississippi River, the FCC granted an exemption to the K-W rule so it could have LSU in its callsign.

</doc>
<doc id="2901539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901539" title="Laraine Day">
Laraine Day

Laraine Day (October 13, 1920 – November 10, 2007) was an American actress and a former Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star.
Career.
Day was born La Raine Johnson in Roosevelt, Utah, one of eight children in an affluent Mormon family. She had a twin brother, Lamar. The family later moved to California where she began her acting career with the Long Beach Players. She was a 1938 graduate of Polytechnic High School in Long Beach, California.
In 1937, Day debuted onscreen in a bit part in "Stella Dallas". Shortly afterwards, she won lead roles in several George O'Brien westerns at RKO, in which she was billed as "Laraine Hays" and then "Laraine Johnson".
In 1939 she signed with MGM, and became popular and well-known (billed as Laraine Day) as "Nurse Mary Lamont", the title character's fiancee in a string of seven "Dr. Kildare" movies beginning with "Calling Dr. Kildare" (1939), with Lew Ayres in the title role.
Her roles for other studios were often far more stimulating than those MGM gave her, including a prominent supporting part in the Irish melodrama "My Son, My Son!" (1940). She also starred in the Alfred Hitchcock thriller "Foreign Correspondent" (1940) with Joel McCrea, and the psychological mystery "The Locket" (1946) with Robert Mitchum, Brian Aherne, and Gene Raymond. In 1941 she was voted the number one "star of tomorrow" in Hollywood.
She was paired opposite major film stars, including Lana Turner, Cary Grant, and John Wayne, and hosted a TV show alternately called "Daydreaming With Laraine" or "The Laraine Day Show" (1951). During a time when she had a break in her film career she made her stage debut opposite Gregory Peck in the national theatre tour of "Angel Street". She also made other stage appearances in "Lost Horizon", the 1973 revival of "The Women", and a revival of "The Time of the Cuckoo". In the 1940s she made guest appearances on radio in both "Lux Radio Theatre" and "The Screen Guild Theater".
Personal life.
Day's first marriage was to singer turned airport executive, James Ray Hendricks in 1942. The couple adopted three children: Christopher, Angela and Michelle. Day filed for divorce from Hendricks in December 1946. Day was granted an interlocutory divorce from Hendricks on January 20, 1947, which required her to wait one year before remarrying.
On January 21, 1947, Day traveled to Juarez, Mexico where she received a second divorce decree. Later that day, she traveled to El Paso, Texas, where she married baseball manager Leo Durocher. Upon returning to California, the judge who granted Day's interlocutory divorce from Hendricks stated that the Mexican divorce she received was not legal and, since she failed to wait the one year period for her divorce to become final, deemed her Texas marriage illegal as well. After waiting approximately one year, Day and Durocher remarried on February 16, 1948, in Santa Monica, California. During her marriage to Durocher, Day was often referred to as "The First Lady of Baseball". While Durocher was managing the New York Giants, she wrote, "Day With the Giants" (1952). In 1952, she wrote and published another book entitled "The America We Love". She was also the host of "Day With the Giants", a 15-minute television interview program broadcast before New York Giants home games. Day and Durocher divorced in June 1960.
On March 7, 1961, Day married television producer Michael Grilikhes. She and Grilikhes had two daughters, Dana Laraine (born November 13, 1962) and Gigi (born October 6, 1964). After their births, Day rarely appeared in films, and only occasionally appeared on TV, usually portraying matronly types.
Religion.
Day was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Day's fame mostly coincided with her dedication to Mormonism. Throughout her life she never swore, smoked, or drank any kind of alcohol, coffee or tea. Until her death in 2007 she retained her Mormon faith stating that, "It brings me comfort in a confusing world".
In 1961 she appeared with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in their production of "Let Freedom Ring" which was an inspirational one hour program dedicated to the spirit of American Freedom.
Later years and death.
In October 1960, Day appeared in the Nixon-Lodge Bumper Sticker Motorcade Campaign in Los Angeles along with Ginger Rogers, Cesar Romero, Irene Dunne, Dick Powell, Mary Pickford and John Payne.
In the 1970s she was the spokesperson for the Make America Better campaign and traveled across the country sharing her views on environmental issues. In that same period of time she was active in establishing a playhouse in Los Angeles for Mormon actors and she helped bring Ray Bradbury's work the attention of the public.
Day had moved back to her native Utah in March 2007 following the death of her third husband. She died at her daughter Gigi's home in Ivins, Utah, on November 10, 2007, at the age of 87. Following her death her body was taken back to California and on November 15, 2007, a memorial service was held at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in the Hollywood Hills.
For her contribution to the motion picture industry, Laraine Day has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6676 Hollywood Blvd.

</doc>
<doc id="2901550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901550" title="KHTS-FM">
KHTS-FM

KHTS-FM (93.3 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) station licensed to El Cajon, California and serving the San Diego market. The station is owned by Clear Channel Communications and brands as "Channel 93.3", sounded out as "Channel 9-3-3". The station's studios are located in San Diego's Kearny Mesa neighborhood on the northeast side, and the transmitter is located in East San Diego east of Balboa Park.
As of May 2013, KHTS is the most listened to radio station in all of the San Diego region, averaging nearly 1,000,000 listeners.
History.
From 1961 to 1995, the station was KECR-FM, owned by the religious Family Radio organization and airing their programming. The station was sold off in 1995 to Jacor Communications, with Family Radio continuing to broadcast in San Diego on KECR, an AM station on 910. Shortly after the station received their current KHTS calls and a Top 40 format.
In March 1996, KHTS began simulcasting Tampa, Florida-based WFLZ in an early form of voicetracking, which coincidentally also is carried on 93.3. This brought personalities such as Bubba The Love Sponge to the market, along with WFLZ referencing San Diego weather and events in their programming. The two stations also shared the "Channel 933" branding, and to some point still do today. The station left the WFLZ simulcast on September 1,1996 with stunting involving various remix loops of the then-popular Macarena and a broadcast of that day's San Diego Chargers game in place of XTRA, which is required by law to carry Mexican presidential addresses under its Mexican radio license, starting its new format at 4 p.m. that day.
Originally, its Top 40 direction focused on Rhythmic Top 40/Dance hits and remixes of mainstream pop and rock, used to attrack listeners from rival XHITZ (90.3).
By August 1998, KHTS would move away from its dance-heavy approach to a more mainstream direction due to the Clear Channel/Jacor merger bringing KKLQ into the same Clear Channel ownership as KHTS and ending that rivalry. The station maintains a rhythmic-leaning sound (with occasional alternative music tracks) and continues to air dance mixes on weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="2901557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901557" title="John Milton Earle">
John Milton Earle

John Milton Earle (April 13, 1794 – February 8, 1874) was an American businessman, abolitionist, and statesman who founded the Massachusetts Horticultural Society in 1829.
He was born in Leicester, Massachusetts to Pliny Earle, and therefore a member of the prominent Earle family. He was educated in common schools and at the Leicester Academy. He was the editor and publisher of the Massachusetts Spy from 1823 to 1857. The publication was called the Daily Spy after July 22, 1845. The offices were in the Butman Block on Main Street. He loved and enjoyed the sharp encounter of harmless wit. Although not a technical Garrisonian abolitionist, he was an early pioneer in Anti-Slavery movement first as a Whig, then as a Free Soiler. He tried to make Worcester County the stronghold of conscientious and determined political opposition to slavery. He was a member of the Massachusetts General Court, or state legislature, for several years, serving in both the House of Representatives (1844-1846 and 1850-1852) and the Senate (1858). He was also a city alderman, postmaster, state commissioner on Indian affairs, and founder of the Horticultural Society. He died in Worcester, Massachusetts and was buried in the Rural Cemetery in Worcester, Massachusetts.
He married Sarah Hussey (August 26, 1799 – March 9, 1858), who organized the Worcester Anti-Slavery Sewing Circle and Worcester County Anti-Slavery Society, South Division. She was the daughter of Tristram Hussey and Sarah Folger of Nantucket, Massachusetts. Lucretia Mott was her cousin. Sarah married John Milton Earle on June 6, 1821 in Nantucket, Massachusetts before moving to Worcester, Massachusetts. The family lived on Nobility Hill at 262 Main Street across from the Worcester Common. She served on the Executive Committee of Worcester County Anti-Slavery Society, South Division, 1841-1859. She helped coordinate Anti Slavery fairs from 1848 and opened the 1850 National Woman’s Rights Convention. Her obituary notice in the Worcester Spy said, "Aside from her own family circle, no one has cause to mourn more deeply than the slave, for whose interests her labors were untiring."

</doc>
<doc id="2901558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901558" title="Michel Bastarache">
Michel Bastarache

J. E. Michel Bastarache (born June 10, 1947 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian lawyer, businessman, and retired puisne justice on the Supreme Court of Canada.
Born in Quebec City, Bastarache earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from the Université de Moncton in 1967. He received a "Licence d'études supérieures en droit public" from the University of Nice in 1972.
From 1970 to 1971, he was a legal translator for the Province of New Brunswick. In 1973, he was the General Secretary for the Société des Acadiens et Acadiennes du Nouveau-Brunswick. In 1974, he was the Assistant to the President of Assumption Mutual Life, becoming Director Sales in 1975, and Vice-President Marketing in 1976.
Returning to school, he received a Bachelor of Law degree from the University of Ottawa in 1978. He was called to the New Brunswick Bar in 1980, the Alberta Bar in 1985, and the Ontario Bar in 1986. In 1978, he joined the Université de Moncton as a Law Professor and was Dean of the Law School from 1980 to 1983. From 1983 to 1984, he was the Director General for the Promotion of Official Languages in the Department of the Secretary of State of Canada. From 1984 to 1987, he was the Associate Dean of the Common Law section of the University of Ottawa.
In 1987, he joined the firm of Lang Michener Lash Johnston, becoming a partner in 1988. From 1989 to 1994, he was the President and Chief Executive Office of Assumption Mutual Life. In 1994, he moved back to Moncton to practice at Stewart McKelvey Stirling Scales. He was appointed to the New Brunswick Court of Appeal in 1995 and then promoted to the Supreme Court in 1997.
Bastarache retired from the Supreme Court, effective June 30, 2008, and has joined the Ottawa office of Canadian law firm Heenan Blaikie.
He was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in recognition "for his lifelong commitment to the promotion of linguistic duality and the protection of minority rights, as a law professor and a judge" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2901559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901559" title="Dominic Moore">
Dominic Moore

Dominic Michael Moore (born August 3, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center who is currently playing with the New York Rangers. Moore attended both St. Michael Catholic Elementary School and St. Anthony's Catholic Elementary School in Thornhill, Ontario; St. Michael's College School in Toronto, Ontario, as well as Harvard University.
Playing career.
Prior to his professional career, Moore played for the Harvard Crimson in the ECAC, as did his two brothers, Mark and Steve. In 1999–2000, Dominic joined both older brothers on the Harvard Crimson ice hockey team, marking the first-ever brother trio in school history to play at the same time. Moore is currently ranked eleventh in all-time scoring at Harvard; he is tenth on the school's all-time goal-scoring list. Moore was named to the NCAA first All-American team (east) in 2002-03.
Moore began his professional career in the 2003–04 NHL season, in which he split time between the New York Rangers and their minor league affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League (AHL).Moore made his NHL debut on November 1, 2003, against the Montreal Canadiens, where he tallied three assists in a 5–1 victory. He became the second Ranger ever to score three points in his NHL debut with the Rangers, joining George Allen, who did so in 1938. Moore spent the majority of the season with the Wolf Pack.
During the NHL lockout, Moore remained with the Wolf Pack; he finished third on the team in scoring for the year.
Moore rejoined the Rangers at the start of the 2005–06 NHL season, where he was placed on a defensive-minded line with Jed Ortmeyer and Ryan Hollweg. Through minor line-changes throughout the year, Moore has continued his solid defensive play and continued to improve.
On July 19, 2006, the Rangers traded Moore to the Pittsburgh Penguins in a 3 team trade.
On February 27, 2007, the Penguins traded Moore to the Minnesota Wild for a 2007 third round draft pick.
On January 11, 2008, the Toronto Maple Leafs claimed Moore off waivers from the Minnesota Wild. He made his debut with the Maple Leafs on January 12, 2008 against the San Jose Sharks. The 2008-09 season brought a new role for Moore as he was assigned to center Toronto's top scoring line with left winger Jason Blake. On March 4, 2009, Moore was traded by the Leafs to the Buffalo Sabres for a second round pick. In the 63 games before being traded, he had already reached career highs in goals, assists and points.
On October 4, 2009, Moore signed a 1 year, $1.1 million deal with the Florida Panthers.
On February 11, 2010, Moore was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for a 2nd round draft pick in 2011.
On July 30, 2010, the Tampa Bay Lightning signed Moore to a 2 year deal worth a reported $2.2 million.
On February 10, 2012, Moore was fined $2,500 for an interference infraction that injured New York Ranger Ruslan Fedotenko.
On February 16, Moore was traded to the San Jose Sharks along with a 7th round pick for a 2nd round pick. With the trade, it marks Moore's ninth NHL club and the seventh time in his career he has been traded.
Moore sat out the 2012-13 season after his wife, Katie, died of liver cancer just before the season began. He returned to hockey in the 2013 off-season by signing a 1-year contract with the New York Rangers, the team that originally drafted him out of Harvard.
On May 29th, 2014, Moore scored the only goal of Game 6 of the Eastern Conference Finals against the Montreal Canadiens in a 1-0 Rangers win to send the Rangers to their first Stanley Cup Final in 20 years.
Personal life.
Moore was married to Katie Urbanic on July 3, 2010 in Newport, Rhode Island. They bought a house in Cambridge, Massachusetts in which Katie was very involved in planning and designing. She died on January 7, 2013 after a nine-month battle with liver cancer. After this Dominic did not play for 18 months. Dominic's older brother Steve Moore was also an NHL player, who spent 3 years in the Colorado Avalanche organization after also spending 4 years at Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="2901573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901573" title="Stuart McCaffrey">
Stuart McCaffrey

Stuart McCaffrey (born 30 May 1979 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional football defender, who last played for Scottish club Greenock Morton.
Playing career.
McCaffrey began his career as a trainee with Hibernian, before signing for Aberdeen in July 1998. Failing to break into the Aberdeen first team, he signed on loan for Inverness Caledonian Thistle in September 2000. This was followed by a permanent contract.
McCaffrey made more than 150 appearances for Inverness, and has scored five goals. He was part of the Inverness defence, playing alongside the likes of Bobby Mann, Stuart Golabek, Ross Tokely, Grant Munro and Darren Dods. McCaffrey joined St. Johnstone on a six-month loan on 31 December 2007, and made the move permanent in April 2008.
McCaffrey has Scottish Challenge Cup and Scottish Football League First Division winner's medals, both won whilst playing for Inverness. He has become a regular in the heart of the St. Johnstone defence, and has also scored a few goals. Unfortunately, he also scored an own goal in a Scottish Cup tie against Rangers, when he diverted a cross ball past Alan Main.
After being restricted to 12 appearances for Saints during the 2009–10 season due to injuries, McCaffrey signed for Greenock Morton on a free transfer in July 2010.
Following a tear of his Plantar fascia mid-seasoon, in May he announced that he would be taking a break from football but had not yet planned to retire.
Coaching career.
McCaffrey is currently working towards his B licence.
Personal life.
McCaffrey is married, his wife Rachel (who is a teacher at Loudoun Academy) gave birth to their beautiful daughter Martha on 4 September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2901582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901582" title="Andrzej Bartkowiak">
Andrzej Bartkowiak

Andrzej Bartkowiak, A.S.C. (born 1950) is a Polish cinematographer and director.
In the early 1980s, Bartkowiak was cinematographer on three films that received Academy Award nominations for Best Picture: "The Verdict", "Terms of Endearment", and "Prizzi's Honor".
Bartkowiak made his directorial debut with "Romeo Must Die" a martial-arts action film starring Jet Li and Aaliyah, which was a huge hit at the box-office, a year later he made the action-comedy film "Exit Wounds" starring Steven Seagal, the film was a hit in theaters. "Cradle 2 the Grave" was a moderate success at the box-office.
Later he teamed up with Ashok Amritraj's Hyde Park Entertainment and Capcom to direct "".
In 2010, he worked as cinematographer in the thriller "Trespass", directed by Joel Schumacher, both had collaborated before on "Falling Down". 
Collaborations.
During his first films as a director he collaborated a few times with the rapper DMX and the actors Anthony Anderson and Jet Li.
As cinematographer Bartkowiak has collaborated with several well-known film directors such as Sidney Lumet, Joel Schumacher and Roger Donaldson.

</doc>
<doc id="2901584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901584" title="Marie Deschamps">
Marie Deschamps

Marie Deschamps, (born October 2, 1952 in Repentigny, Quebec) was a puisne justice on the Supreme Court of Canada. She retired on August 7, 2012.
Early life.
Deschamps was born in Repentigny, Quebec.
Education.
She studied law at the Université de Montréal, graduating in 1974 and completing a Masters in 1983 at McGill.
Career.
Legal and judicial.
She was called to the bar in 1975 and then practiced at several Quebec law firms until 1990.
In April 1990 Deschamps was appointed to the Quebec Superior Court and in March 1992 to the Quebec Court of Appeal and promoted to the Supreme Court of Canada in 2002. She retired from the court on August 7, 2012.
On October 2, 2012, Prime Minister Stephen Harper nominated Richard Wagner to the Supreme Court of Canada to replace her.
Academic.
Deschamps has taken on several academic posts:
Honours.
In 2013, she was made a Companion of the Order of Canada "for her numerous contributions as a jurist and for her dedication to youth development".

</doc>
<doc id="2901592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901592" title="Terry David Jones">
Terry David Jones

Terry David Jones (June 13, 1938 - March 21, 2014) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985 as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. 
Background.
Jones was born in Toronto, and educated at the University of Toronto. He worked for his family building cottages in Muskoka. Later he established an insurance business in Streetsville, Ontario. 
Politics.
He was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1975 provincial election, defeating New Democratic Party candidate David Busby by 385 votes in Mississauga North. In 1976, Jones chaired a commission which established the provincial drinking age at nineteen.
He defeated Busby again by a greater margin in the 1977 election, and won by a significant majority in 1981. Jones was a backbench supporter of the William Davis and Frank Miller governments, and was named Deputy Speaker on October 11, 1983. During his time in office he served as Parliamentary Assistant to several ministers including the Provincial Secretary for Social Development and the Minister of the Treasury and Economics.
The Progressive Conservatives suffered an electoral setback in the 1985 election, and Jones lost his seat to Liberal candidate Steve Offer by 1,424 votes.
After politics.
In 1992, Jones was convicted of fraud related to a property development scheme and sentenced to six months in jail. Jones had set up a land deal and promised investors that large profits would result from the sale of the land. Instead the deal went sour and investors lost $1,010,000. Jones's lawyer contended that his client did not personally profit from the deal. In 1999, he was ordered to give up his licence to sell insurance. He spent his remaining years working as a consultant and became an amateur painter. He was age 75 when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="2901594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901594" title="Global Trade Item Number">
Global Trade Item Number

Global Trade Item Number (GTIN) is an identifier for trade items developed by GS1 (comprising among others of the former EAN International and Uniform Code Council) . Such identifiers are used to look up product information in a database (often by inputting the number through a bar code scanner pointed at an actual product) which may belong to a retailer, manufacturer, collector, researcher, or other entity. The uniqueness and universality of the identifier is useful in establishing which product in one database corresponds to which product in another database, especially across organizational boundaries.
GTINs may be 8, 12, 13 or 14 digits long, and each of these 4 numbering structures are constructed in a similar fashion, combining Company Prefix, Item Reference and a calculated Check Digit (GTIN-14 adds another component- the Indicator Digit, which can be 1-8). GTIN-8s will be encoded in an EAN-8 bar code. GTIN-12s may be shown in UPC-A, ITF-14, or GS1-128 bar codes. GTIN-13s may be encoded in EAN-13, ITF-14 or GS1-128 bar codes, and GTIN-14s may be encoded in ITF-14 or GS1-128 bar codes. The choice of bar code will depend on the application; for example, items to be sold at a retail establishment should be marked with EAN-8, EAN-13, UPC-A or UPC-E bar codes.
The EAN-8 code is an eight-digit bar code used usually for very small articles, such as chewing gum, where fitting a larger code onto the item would be difficult. Note: the equivalent UPC small format barcode, UPC-E,encodes a GTIN-12 with a special Company Prefix that allows for "zero suppression" of 4 zeros in the GTIN-12. The GS1 encoding/decoding rules state that the entire GTIN-12 is used for encoding and that the entire GTIN-12 is to be delivered when scanned.
Format.
The numbering structure is as follows:
All books and serial publications sold internationally (including those in U.S. stores) have GTIN (GTIN-13) codes. The book codes are either constructed by prefixing the old ISBN 10 number with 978, and recalculating the trailing check digit, or from 1 January 2007 issued as thirteen digits starting with 978 (eventually 979 as the 978 ranges are used up).
Each type of trade item is given its own GTIN, with the understanding that there is a potential need to retrieve pre-defined information from such items; this product or service may be priced, ordered, or invoiced at any point in the supply chain. This includes individual items as well as all of their different packaging configurations.
In February 2005, employees and booksellers of Barnes & Noble were informed that beginning at the end of March, their computer systems were going to add the ability to search by EAN to facilitate a switch over to the EAN (sometimes called ISBN 13 when used for books) from the current standard of ISBN 10 codes. Receipts will now list the EAN number, rather than the ISBN 10 number. Since all existing 10-digit ISBN codes are mapped to a subset of the space of 13-digit EANs, booksellers' computer systems will still be able to search by ISBN (and UPC in the music departments) to help booksellers locate older books that have not been assigned an EAN.
By January 1, 2005 the U.S. ISBN agency requires publishers be able to communicate ISBNs as GTIN-13s. The new 979 prefix for publications will be available on January 1, 2007 or upon eventual assignment of the last 978 prefix.
Prefixes.
Each country has one or several blocks of GS1 Company Prefixes to assign.
Some special ranges exist. The usage for some is GS1 Member Organisation (GS1 MO) specific. The GS1 Company Prefixes that begin with the 3 digits listed below are used to construct what are considered RCN's (Restricted Circulation/Distribution Numbers) or are specific to a particular industry, such as the publishing industry:
Comparison of UPC, EAN and GTIN.
The Universal Product Code, UPC, has been a dominant barcode standard in North America since it was established in the 1970s. It encodes a 12 digit number (GTIN-12), unique to a product, which allows it to be scanned and read in virtually any major retail establishment. A 6 "zero-suppressed" version (UPC-E) is available for items which are too small to allow the larger UPC-A version to be printed.
The EAN-13 and EAN-8 are other point of sale barcodes that are widely used outside of North America. A UPC formed in the United States can be transformed into an EAN by prefixing it with a zero.
The Global Trade Item Number, GTIN, is an identification number that may be encoded in UPC-A, UPC-E, EAN-8 & EAN-13 barcodes as well as other barcodes in the GS1 System.

</doc>
<doc id="2901608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901608" title="Electrocutioner">
Electrocutioner

Electrocutioner is a fictional character in the DC Comics Universe. The current version first appeared in "Detective Comics" #644, (May 1992), and was created by Chuck Dixon, Tom Lyle and Scott Hanna.
Fictional character biography.
Unnamed Buchinsky.
Lester Buchinsky's unnamed brother was the first Electrocutioner. Lester would take over the identity later.
Unrevealed.
The second Electrocutioner used a costume rigged to generate a lethal electrical shock against criminals (including Cannon and Saber), and ran afoul of Batman, who disapproved of his extreme justice. He was later killed by Vigilante (Adrian Chase). An undead version of him was called forth by Circe during a battle between her and Earth's heroes.
Lester Buchinsky.
Initially working in the cause of justice just like the first Electrocutioner, Lester Buchinsky became a criminal and mercenary. Overly reliant on his ability to generate electricity, the Electrocutioner has faced (and been defeated by) Batman, Robin, and Nightwing. In at least one scheme, working with the Cluemaster to steal an armored car full of money, Spoiler works to oppose him. Ironically, Spoiler would prove to be Cluemaster's daughter. The stupidity of Lester's second partner, a hulking brute with delusions of intelligence, would also hamper their plans. For a time, Lester was frequently seen in the employ of Blüdhaven crime boss Blockbuster.
In "Infinite Crisis", Lester became a member of the Secret Society of Super Villains.
During the 34th week of the series "52", Electrocutioner appear as part of a Suicide Squad operation against Black Adam.
In "Rise and Fall" storyline, Green Arrow is still hunting Electrocutioner those who worked with Prometheus, keeping secret his murder of the man as the rest of the JLA tries to track him down. Green Arrow confronts the Electrocutioner, who set off the device that devastated Star City in "". He has close to killing the man when Black Canary stops him and in their argument, Black Canary realizes what Green Arrow did. Electrocutioner escaped from Green Arrow's rage to bring Electrocutioner down. Although Electrocutioner was defeated and horrifically injured by Speedy. Green Arrow's arrival convinces Speedy that killing is not the answer and the two archers took him into custody. Once Electrocutioner awoke from his coma, Roy Harper vowed revenge. He broke into the jail and killed Electrocutioner, despite all of Green Arrow's protests.
Powers and abilities.
The Electrocutioner’s costume possesses circuitry that allows him to either stun or kill his victims at will with a bolt of electricity.

</doc>
<doc id="2901612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901612" title="The Waking Eyes">
The Waking Eyes

The Waking Eyes was a Canadian rock band from Winnipeg and Steinbach, Manitoba.
History.
The band formed after the break-up of two other Manitoba bands, The Pets from Steinbach and Novillero from Winnipeg. In 2002 The Waking Eyes released a full-length album, "Combing the Clouds". This was followed up by their 2004 album, "Video Sound". The line up in the band changed when bassist Russ Duerksen left and Joey Penner was introduced.
The band has been on several tours, having traveled all across Canada, as well as into the United States and to overseas locations such as Germany for POPKOMM's "Kick it like Canada". In 2005 the group was nominated for a Juno Award for New Group of the Year but lost to Alexisonfire.
The Waking Eyes spent the better part of 2006 holed-up in their Winnipeg jam space, writing and demoing songs for their next album. Pre-production took place in Winnipeg during February 2007.
The band recorded the follow-up to "Video Sound" in a Winnipeg studio in May 2007 with producer/engineer John Paul Peters (formerly of The Undecided). 
The Waking Eyes' new record, "Holding on to Whatever It Is", was released digitally via iTunes on July 1, 2008. The band released the record on vinyl in September 2008, and CD copies became available November 4, 2008.
Side projects.
As of July 2010, The Waking Eyes are on hiatus, allowing the members of the band to concentrate on other musical projects. Matyas is currently touring with Imaginary Cities, a soul-pop band he formed with Winnipeg singer Marti Sarbit. Their debut CD, "Temporary Resident", was released in early 2011.
Meanwhile, Peters released the debut album by his other band, Royal Canoe, on July 6, 2010. Titled "Co-Op Mode," the CD was written and recorded in 2006 and features collaborations, co-writes and performances with all of the members of The Waking Eyes, as well as Nathan Blanchard, Jo Snyder, David Wiebe, Andy Freund and Tom Keenan. Royal Canoe's current line-up includes Peters (vocals, keys, guitar), Brendan Berg (bass), Bucky Driedger (guitar), Matt Schellenberg (keys), Michael Jordan (drums) and Derek Allard (drums). The new, most successful collaboration "Royal Canoe" are currently touring with Bombay Bicycle Club with their latest album "Today We're Believers." 
Other Waking Eyes side projects include Terrier (Matyas' solo material), The Mothers Brothers Band (Matyas' collaboration with Ewan Currie of Saskatoon's The Sheepdogs), Milk (a joke hip-hop act featuring Matyas and Peters), (pronounced "Racket in Brackets" - a Ratatat-like dance act fronted by Peters) and The Lesser Baldwins, a rumored collaboration between Peters and Winnipeg actor/musician Tom Keenan.
Peters is also heavily involved in Winnipeg's music scene, writing, recording and/or producing for/with The Liptonians, Slattern, Demetra, Ruth Moody, This Hisses and Triunfo do Gato.

</doc>
<doc id="2901616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901616" title="WLHT-FM">
WLHT-FM

WLHT-FM, also known as "Channel 95.7" (formerly "95.7 W-Lite"), is a hot adult contemporary music formatted radio station in Grand Rapids, Michigan owned by Townsquare Media. Until late April 2006, the station was the home of the husband-and-wife morning team of Dave & Geri.
WLHT-FM is also licensed for HD Radio operation, and features WNWZ on its HD-2 subchannnel.
WKLW, WZZM-FM, and WZZR.
The station signed on the same day as WOOD-FM (now WSRW-FM) in 1962. The original call letters of 95.7 FM were WKLW. In the mid-1960s, the station came into common ownership with WZZM-TV Channel 13 and became WZZM-FM. 96 WZZM 96 was spelled the same upside down as right-side up. By 1967, the station was block-programmed, with country music in the morning, Top 40 hit music in afternoon drive, and MOR music at night. Then, in 1968, WZZM-FM converted its format to full-time Top 40. WZZM-FM was one of the first FM Top 40s in Michigan to pose a serious challenge to its AM competition: by the end of 1970 it was ahead of WLAV (1340 AM) and WGRD (1410 AM) in several dayparts, including at night, when the AM competition either had poor signals or was off the air, and on the weekends. 
In 1971, WZZM-FM picked up a serious competitor when WGRD added an FM signal at 97.9 (formerly WXTO). The reborn WGRD was an instant success. WZZM reacted by evolving its format into a Top 40-AOR hybrid, and then in 1972, into a Top 40-Oldies hybrid. The station gained a "second wind" of sorts and posted a #1 12+ Arbitron showing in Grand Rapids in the summer of 1973, but ratings quickly dropped off again afterwards. WZZM-FM, which in 1977 changed its calls to WZZR and adopted the names "Z96" and "The Wizard of Rock", continued to struggle through the rest of the 1970s and into the 1980s, shifting back and forth between Top 40 and Adult Contemporary. In 1983 WZZR tweaked its format from CHR into a "new wave"/"Rock of the Eighties"-type format, but ratings remained low.
WLHT.
In 1984, WZZR became WLHT and switched to adult contemporary. Once again, 95.7 FM was a pioneer in the market in terms of trying a new format, and once again, its pioneering spirit led to success and acclaim. In 1998 WLHT was named AC station of the year at the Marconi Award ceremonies. Two years later Regent Communications (now Townsquare Media) purchased the station, along with sister stations WGRD-FM, WNWZ-AM, and WTRV-FM.
The 2000s Bring Changes.
On April 14, 2006, husband and wife morning team Dave Jagger and Geri Jarvis announced that they would host their final morning show on April 21 after twenty years on the air on W-Lite. They were replaced April 24, 2006, by Denis Pryor and Nanette in morning drive. At the same time the station changed its on-air nickname from 95.7 W-Lite to Lite Rock 95.7 (but reverted to the "W-Lite" name afterward). WLHT's music rotation also became slightly brighter and more rock-based than previously. The station's ratings have also dipped considerably since Dave and Geri's departure (see: 1).
In November 2007, WLHT shifted to an all-Christmas music format for the holiday season - the first time the station had ever done so - to compete with WOOD-FM (now WSRW), which has been going all-Christmas in November since 2001. However, WLHT's sister station, WTRV, which pioneered the all-Christmas format in Grand Rapids, stuck to its normal Soft AC format. 
By August 2009, WLHT had moved its format toward Hot AC (of which WMAX-FM used to carry until 2008), and its previous mainstream AC format had shifted to sister station WTRV, which previously had aired a MOR/soft AC mix. As a result, WLHT-FM had been leaning adult top 40 until the station dropped AC in 2009 (a similar situation done at adult top 40-leaning ACs such as WNIC Detroit). Also in 2009, former WOOD-TV news personality Gerry Barnaby took over the morning show. The radio station's jockeys began referring to the station as LHT, dropping the W except when plugging the station's web page and at the top of the hour for mandatory recitation of the full call sign. 
Channel 957 Debuts.
On October 11, 2010 WLHT became a full-blown Hot AC and changed its moniker to Channel 95.7; however, WLHT-FM was still reported as AC by Mediabase (up until January 2011), even though Townsquare's true AC station in the Grand Rapids market is WTRV. Nielsen BDS now reports the station as a hot AC as of November 2010.
The format change brought changes to the station's on-air lineup as well. Channel 957 added Kidd Kraddick's morning show - giving the station a syndicated morning show for the first time in its history, but was cancelled in October 2012 to be replaced by former Madison, WI morning show "Connie and Curtis." - and midday host Kim Carson (a veteran of Detroit radio) moved to WTRV, with Wendy Reed, who had formerly held the same shift at WTRV, taking her place.
Jingles.
During WLHT'S AC history, the station used various TM packages In 2006, The station used Key 103 2006 from Reelworld. On September 19, 2011, under Subrena Farechild's control, the station came back to Reelworld and chose the Hallam FM 2006 and KMYI 2010 packages.
On January 1, 2012, the station used Kiss Boston 06 and Kiss Boston 03 from Reelworld.
As of 2013, the station went back to Reelworld and now uses the Kiss Seattle 2004 package. It is unknown who are the new male and female liner voices.

</doc>
<doc id="2901621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901621" title="HP TRIM Records Management System">
HP TRIM Records Management System

HP Records Manager is an electronic document and records management system (EDRMS) marketed by the HP Software Division and based on technology from Hewlett-Packard's 2008 acquisition of TOWER Software. Formerly known as HP TRIM, HP Records Manager is an enterprise document and records management system for physical and electronic information designed to help businesses capture, manage, and secure business information in order to meet governance and regulatory compliance obligations. 
In August 2013 HP announced that HP TRIM would be integrated into a unified platform called HP Records Manager 8.0. HP Records Manager is built on the code base of HP TRIM and includes capabilities from the Autonomy Records Manager and Autonomy Meridio. HP acquired Autonomy Corporation in 2011. 
Other vendors in document and records management include EMC Corporation, IBM, Open Text, Perceptive Software, Oracle Corporation, Microsoft, Laserfiche, Alfresco and eXo Platform.
Functionality.
HP Records Manager is an HP Information Management Software offering.
Key features include: Enterprise Records Management to manage physical and electronic content, including Microsoft Outlook and SharePoint; Information Governance with real-time policy enforcement, compliance, supervision, and surveillance capabilities; Compliance by using a single governance platform to apply retention and disposition rules automatically across all records; eDiscovery Preparedness; In Place Management of content; Security and Audit capabilities; Certifications designed to the international standards of records management, ISO 15489: 2001, and elements of ISO16175; and Flexible Deployment options, including on-premise, cloud, hybrid or appliance deployments.
HP Records Manager is accessible from current mobile platforms, including iOS, Android and Windows smartphones.
HP TRIM Product Family.
HP Records Manager is based on the code base of HP TRIM.
HP TRIM Base Package.
In February 2010, HP released TRIM Version 7. HP described this release as adding the ability to "provide transparent, policy based records management and archiving for Microsoft SharePoint environments on a single platform". This was in addition to the product’s capabilities of managing electronic records and physical records in one system and in the same way regardless of their type, format or source. 
HP TRIM was licensed as a base system with additional optional modules. The base package functionality was delivered through either a rich client, web client or with the HP TRIM for SharePoint module. Users could access HP TRIM functionality via Microsoft SharePoint. The HP TRIM for SharePoint modules included one for archiving and one for records management.
HP TRIM base package modules included the HP TRIM Web Client, a browser interface that complies with US 508 Accessibility Guidelines and is verified to US DoD 5015.2 V3 baseline, certified, Privacy and FOI records, meaning the software meets mandatory functional requirements for use in the United States federal government.
Since 7.2 The Document Content Index was implemented using Autonomy IDOL engine for text indexing.
Other base modules included: 
The Guest Gateway module allowed for a "Guest User" account with security and access restrictions and logs of all guest-user actions. Kofax Xtension permitted images to be captured into HP TRIM directly from the Kofax Ascent Capture high-end scanning software. The LabelLink Xtension integrates with ColorBar Gold for printing of special color-coded file labels The Directory Synchronization model mapped HP TRIM users from any LDAP directory (such as Novell eDirectory).
Optional modules.
In addition to the base TRIM package, HP offered a number of optional modules. They included:
Standards compliance.
HP TRIM complies with:

</doc>
<doc id="2901624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901624" title="Stomach oil">
Stomach oil

Stomach oil is the light oil composed of neutral dietary lipids found in the proventriculus (fore-gut) of birds in the order Procellariiformes. All albatrosses, procellarids (gadfly petrels and shearwaters) and storm petrels use the oil. The only Procellariiformes that do not are the diving petrels. 
The chemical make up of stomach oil varies from species to species and between individuals, but almost always contains both wax esters and triglycerides. Other compounds found in stomach oil include glycerol ethers, pristane and squalene. Stomach oil has low viscosity and will solidify into a hard wax if allowed to cool. 
It was once thought that stomach oil was a secretion of the proventriculus, but it is now known to be a residue of the diet created by digestion of the prey items such as krill, squid, copepods and fish. It is thought to serve several functions for Procellariiformes, primarily as an energy store; its calorific value is around 9.6 kcal per gram, which is only slightly lower than the value for diesel oil. For this reason a great deal more energy can be stored in oil form as opposed to undigested prey. This can be a real advantage for species that range over huge distances to provide food for hungry chicks, or as a store for lean times when ranging across the sea looking for patchy areas of prey.
Surface nesting petrels and albatross can eject this oil out of their mouths (not nostrils, as has sometimes been suggested) towards attacking predators or conspecific rivals. This oil can be deadly to birds, as it can cause matting of the feathers leading to the loss of flight or water repellency. Against threatening mammals (including humans) it is not outright dangerous, but due to its extremely offensive smell it is usually highly repulsive and liable to spoil a predator's hunting success for quite some time. The smell of the hydrophobic oil cannot be removed with water, and can persist (e.g. on clothing) for months or even years.

</doc>
<doc id="2901628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901628" title="Bernardo Verbitsky">
Bernardo Verbitsky

Bernardo Verbitsky (22 November 1907 - 15 March 1979) was an Argentine writer and journalist, and father of Horacio Verbitsky.
Verbitsky was a screenwriter, a journalist from "Noticias Gráficas", and a member of "Academia Porteña del Lunfardo" ("Buenos Aires Lunfardo's Academy"). He reported Buenos Aires' ups and downs; his writings were linked to tango and other essential aspects of the city. Hugo del Carril based its 1958 motion picture "Una cita con la vida" ("A date with life" [http://imdb.com/title/tt0185992/]) on Verbitsky's novel "Calles de tango")
His 1957 novel "Villa Miseria también es América" (roughly "Povertyville is also part of America") gave its popular name to Argentina's shanty towns ("villas miseria").
Bernardo Verbitsky died in Buenos Aires on March 15, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="2901631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901631" title="Hellgrammite">
Hellgrammite

Hellgrammite can be:
Order:Megaloptera
Family:Corydalidea
Kingdom:Animal
Class:Insecta
Phylum:Arthropoda

</doc>
<doc id="2901637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901637" title="Mara Takla Haymanot">
Mara Takla Haymanot

Mara Takla Haymanot was Emperor ("Nəgusä nägäst") of Ethiopia, and the founder of the Zagwe dynasty. Some King Lists give his name simply as "Mararah", and other King Lists as "Takla Haymanot".
Reign.
According to one tradition, Mara was born in the province of Lasta, which was his power base. Originally a general of Dil Na'od, whose daughter Masoba Warq became his wife, Mara overthrew his father-in-law to found the new dynasty. James Bruce, on the other hand, presents another tradition that Dil Na'od was overthrown by Gudit, and that Mara Takla Haymanot (whom Bruce calls "Takla Haymanot") was a cousin of Gudit who succeeded her after several of her own family.
There is some disagreement over the exact time when he came to the throne: there are two different traditions for how long the Zagwe dynasty ruled: the more common tradition states that it was for 333 years, while a less common one gives the time as 133 years. The Italian scholar Carlo Conti Rossini accepted the shorter period, and working back from the accepted date of 1270 for the end of the Zagwe dynasty, claims that this dynasty started around 1137. He supported this theory with the recorded exchange between Patriarch John V of Alexandria and an unnamed king of Ethiopia, who asked for a new "abuna" because the current one was too old; Conti Rossini argued that the actual reason was that the "abuna" refused to condone the coup which resulted in Mara Takla Haymanot gaining the throne.
The extent of his kingdom was much smaller than the later Solomonic dynasty came to rule, embracing parts of Lasta, Wag, Tigray, and perhaps northern Begemder.

</doc>
<doc id="2901638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901638" title="Presentation High School">
Presentation High School

Presentation High School is a private, Catholic, college preparatory school for girls established in 1962. It is owned and run by the Sisters of the Presentation, and operates within the Diocese of San Jose in California. The school is located in the Willow Glen area of San Jose, California.
The school's mission is driven by the teachings of Nano Nagle, the foundress of the Sisters of the Presentation, who lived in the 18th century and dedicated her life to working with the poor. The school's motto is "Not words, but deeds", which promotes service and action among the students. The school colors are blue and gold, and the school mascot is the Panther.

</doc>
<doc id="2901643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901643" title="Agua Puerca">
Agua Puerca

Agua Puerca is a small village in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosí. It is located in the mountains of the Huastec/Pame-Chichimeca region, about 40 miles (65 km) west of Ciudad Valles and 130 miles (225 km) west of the port of Tampico, Tamaulipas.
Agua Puerca has a population of about 500 people. Its name means "Pig Water," because the water used to be so poor in quality. The town only got electricity in March 2005, and has yet to get running water. When the well in the town is full, people are able to get all of their water from there. When it is dry, however, they must walk over an hour away to get water. The NGO Tools for Development has been assisting the people of the town in many ways, organizing Humanitarian Brigades and the like.

</doc>
<doc id="2901645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901645" title="Jameson Land">
Jameson Land

Jameson Land is a peninsula in eastern Greenland, bounded to the southwest by Scoresby Sund (the world's largest fjord), to the northwest by the Greenlandic mainland, to the north by Scoresby Land, and to the east by Carlsberg Fjord, Liverpool Land and Hurry Inlet.
Geology.
Jameson Land mainly consists of a tilted peneplain of jurassic sandstone, highest in the east. In the northern end there are also rocks of triassic origin.

</doc>
<doc id="2901647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901647" title="Highgate (disambiguation)">
Highgate (disambiguation)

Highgate or High Gate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901653" title="Nanami Shiono">
Nanami Shiono

Nanami Shiono (, "Shiono Nanami", b. 7 July 1937), is a Japanese author and novelist known for her works on the history of Italy, especially those dealing with ancient Rome and the Renaissance period.
Biography.
Shiono was born in Tokyo, on 7 July 1937. In high school she read Homer's Iliad and was fascinated by it. She graduated from Gakushuin University with a degree in philosophy. During her school years, she was deeply involved with student activism, but eventually became disillusioned with the movement She wanted to attend Waseda University but was denied by her father.
From 1963 to 1968 she lived in Italy, studying the language and history of the country on her own. During this time she also travelled extensively in Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East. Upon returning to Japan in 1968, she began to write and published her first book, "Runesansu no Onna-tachi" (Women of the Renaissance), in the literary magazine Chūo Kōron.
In 1970, she published her second work "Chēzare Borujia Aruiwa Yūganaru Reikoku" (Cesare Borgia the Elegant Tyrant). In the same year, she married an Italian doctor of Sicilian descent and moved to Florence. They had a son, but later divorced. She moved to Rome in 1993 and currently lives there.
Works.
Her early work from the 1970s contain many historical novels set in Renaissance Italy, such as those listed above and "Kami no Dairinin" (Deputies of God). Later her interests shifted to the history of Venice. In 1980, she published "Umi no Miyako no Monogatari" (Story of the City of the Sea), the work that made Shiono a nationally known figure.
In 1992 Shiono started a monumental work on ancient Rome, "Roma-jin no Monogatari" (Stories of the Romans). Completed in 2006, it is a 15-volume series that traces the history of the city and the Roman Empire.
She has also written many non-fiction works, mainly essays on historic, political and/or cultural topics.
Reputation and awards.
Although her first works were well received in Japan, it was not until the publication of "Umi no Miyako no Monogatari" that she became a best-selling author. "Umi no Miyako no Monogatari" became a literary phenomenon in the 1980s, eliciting reviews that compared Venice to Japan and sought hints about the future of Japan in her book. Her books were first published in Korea in 1995, and "Roma-jin no Monogatari" quickly became a bestseller there ("Roma-in Iyagi" in Korean).
Shiono was awarded the Mainichi Publishing Culture Award from the Mainichi daily newspaper for "Runesansu no Onna-tachi". In 1982, "Umi no Miyako no Monogatari" won the Suntory Literary Prize. She won the Kikuchi Kan Prize the following year. For "Roma-jin no Monogatari", she was awarded the Shincho Literary Prize. She received the Shiba Ryotaro Prize in 1999, and in 2002 the Italian government conferred upon her the Grande Ufficiale Order of Merit for introducing Italian history and culture to Japan.
In Japan, opinions about Shiono's work are divided. Her works have been praised for their historical sweep, but have also been called oversimplified depictions of moments in history that were in fact multi-faceted and complicated. Professional historians tend to criticize her works for their lack of references and objectivity. Her interpretations of ancient Greek history have been challenged, and some critics object to what they see as right-leaning political tendencies.

</doc>
<doc id="2901658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901658" title="Cryomodule">
Cryomodule

A cryomodule is a section of a modern particle accelerator composed of superconducting RF (SRF) acceleration cavities, and needs very low operating temperatures (of around 2 Kelvin). The cryomodule is a complex, state-of-the-art supercooled component in which particle beams are accelerated for scientific research. The niobium cavities are cooled with liquid helium.
A cryomodule "section" of an accelerator is composed of normal conducting and superconducting cavities that accelerate the beam, also including a magnetic lattice that provides focusing and steering.
Design considerations.
SRF cavities tend to be thin-walled structures immersed in a bath of liquid helium having temperatures of 1.6 K to 4.5 K. Careful engineering is required to insulate the helium bath from the room-temperature external environment. This is accomplished by:

</doc>
<doc id="2901659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901659" title="Ralph Earle">
Ralph Earle

Ralph Earle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901663" title="Robert Sweet (botanist)">
Robert Sweet (botanist)

Robert Sweet (1783–20 January 1835) was an English botanist, horticulturist and ornithologist.
Born at Cockington near Torquay, Devonshire, England in 1783, Sweet worked as a gardener from the age of sixteen, and became foreman or partner in a series of nurseries. He was associated with nurseries at Stockwell, Fulham and Chelsea. In 1812 he joined Colvills, the famous Chelsea nursery, and was elected a fellow of the Linnean Society. By 1818 he was publishing horticultural and botanical works. 
He published a number of beautifully illustrated works on plants cultivatd in British gardens and hothouses. The fine plates were mainly drawn by Edwin Dalton Smith, a botanical artist, who was attached to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew. His works include "Hortus Suburbanus Londinensis" (1818), "Geraniaceae" (five volumes) (1820–30), "Cistineae", "Sweet's Hortus Britannicus" (1826–27), "Flora Australasica" (1827–28) and "British Botany" (with H. Weddell) (1831). He died at Chelsea, London in January 1835.
He was charged with receiving a batch of plants allegedly stolen from the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew. It was suggested that this was an attempt to frame him by an official at Kew whom Sweet had criticised. He was acquitted after a well-publicised trial.
Robert Sweet received high praise from his contemporaries at his trial and was described as possibly the first practical botanist.
Publications.
Sweet is the author of a number of plants, including:

</doc>
<doc id="2901667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901667" title="Robert Sweet">
Robert Sweet

Robert Sweet may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901669" title="Kumu (museum)">
Kumu (museum)

Kumu () is an art museum in Tallinn, Estonia. The museum is the largest one in the Baltics and one of the largest art museums in Northern Europe. It is one of the five branches of the Art Museum of Estonia, housing its main offices. 
Kumu presents both permanent collections and temporary exhibitions. The main collection covers Estonian art from the 18th century onwards, including works from the occupations period (1940–1991) and showing both Socialist Realism and Nonconformist art. Temporary exhibitions include both foreign and Estonian modern and contemporary art. 
Kumu is an abbreviation of the Estonian "Kunstimuuseum" (art museum). The designer was a Finnish architect, Pekka Vapaavuori, who won the competition in 1994. It was constructed from 2003 to 2006. The building is successfully positioned in the limestone slope of Lasnamäe Hill, and therefore, despite its size, is in harmony with the intimacy of the ancient Kadriorg Park.
Kumu received European Museum of the Year Award 2008 by European Museum Forum.
History of the Museum.
The Art Museum of Estonia was founded on November 17, 1919, but it was not until 1921 that it got its first permanent building — the Kadriorg Palace, built in the 18th century. In 1929 the palace was expropriated from the Art Museum in order to rebuild it as the residence of the President of Estonia. 
The Art Museum of Estonia was housed in several different temporary spaces, until it moved back to the palace in 1946. In September, 1991 the Kadriorg Palace was closed for renovation, since it had fallen into almost complete disrepair during the Soviet occupation of Estonia. At the end of the year the Supreme Council of the Republic of Estonia decided to guarantee the construction of a new building for the Art Museum of Estonia in Kadriorg park. Until the new building was finished, the Estonian Knighthood House at Toompea Hill in the old town of Tallinn served as the temporary main building of the Art Museum of Estonia. The exhibition there was opened on April 1, 1993. Art Museum of Estonia permanently closed down the exhibitions in that building in October 2005. In the summer of 2000 the restored Kadriorg Palace was opened, but not as the main building of the Art Museum of Estonia, but as a branch. Kadriorg Art Museum now exhibits the foreign art collection of the Art Museum of Estonia.
For the first time in its nearly 100-year-old history, the Art Museum of Estonia now has a building that both meets the museum's requirements and is worthy of the Estonian art in its collections. Kumu includes exhibition halls, an auditorium that offers diverse possibilities, and an education centre for children and art lovers (see above). 
KUMU has a thorough collection of Estonian art, including paintings by Carl Timoleon von Neff, Oscar Hoffmann, Ants Laikmaa, Julia Hagen-Schwarz, Oskar Kallis, Konrad Mägi, Jaan Koort, Henn Roode and Johannes Greenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="2901670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901670" title="Tatadim">
Tatadim

Tatadim was "negus" of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. His name appears in second place in the long lists of the Zagwe kings. Taddesse Tamrat states that he was the oldest known son of Mara Takla Haymanot.
According to the "Gadla Yemrehana Krestos", Tatadim made efforts to secure the succession of kingship for his sons, taking actions against his brothers Jan Seyum and Germa Seyum. The Agaw law of inheritance dictated that his brothers should be his successors, a problem that plagued the Zagwe kings.

</doc>
<doc id="2901671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901671" title="Trøndelag Teater">
Trøndelag Teater

Trøndelag Teater is a large theater in the city of Trondheim, in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.
Background.
Trøndelag Teater stages large-scale dance and musical performances. Originally built in 1816, the theater is the oldest stage in Scandinavia in continuous use. In September 1997, the refurbished theater re-opened as part of a modern complex incorporating the old auditorium, supplemented by four new stages of various shapes and sizes. Kristian Seltun is presently the Theater Director. He replaced Otto Homlung in 2010.
Norwegian actor and theater director Henry Gleditsch took charge of Trøndelag Teater in 1937. His satirical style, provoking the authorities of the German occupation of Norway during World War II. Henry Gleditsch was executed in 1942 by forces under the command of Josef Terboven.
Norwegian actor, stage producer and theater director Ola B. Johannessen made his stage debut at Det Norske Teatret in 1961 and worked at this theater from 1962 to 1970. He served as theater director at Trøndelag Teater from 1979 to 1994 and again at Trøndelag Teater from 1997 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2901672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901672" title="Wlodimir Ledóchowski">
Wlodimir Ledóchowski

He was a son of Count Antoni Halka Ledóchowski and Countess Josephine Salis-Zizers. He was born in the manor house built by his father in Loosdorf, near St. Pölten (Lower Austria). His uncle was Mieczysław Halka Ledóchowski, and his sisters included Saint Ursula Ledóchowska, and Blessed Maria Teresia Ledóchowska. His brother, Ignacy Kazimierz Ledóchowski, was a General in the Polish Army.
He studied at the Theresianum in Vienna and for a time was page to the Empress. He studied Law at the University of Kraków and then began studies for the secular priesthood. While attending the Gregorian University, he decided to become a Jesuit and entered the Society in 1889. Five years later he was ordained a Jesuit priest. At first he took to writing, but was soon made Superior of the Jesuit residence in Kraków, then, Rector of the College. He became the Polish Vice-Provincial in 1901 and Provincial of Galicia in 1902. From 1906 until February 1915 he was the German Assistant.
After the death of Franz Xavier Wernz, the 49-year-old Ledóchowski was elected the 26th General of the Society on 11 February 1915 on the second ballot.
Despite the upheaval of the First World War, the Second World War and the economic Depression of the 1930s, the Society increased during Ledóchowski's term. He called the 27th General Congregation to take place at the Germanico to acquaint the Society with the new code of Canon law (published in 1917) and to bring the Jesuit Constitutions into line with it. He called another Congregation (the 28th)— between 12 March and 9 May 1937 – in order for the delegates to appoint a Vicar general as he was now feeling the effects of age and needed competent assistance. 
He established the Pontifical Oriental Institute and the Pontifical Russian College as well as the Institutum Biblicum of the Gregorian University. He saw a certain emancipation of the Society after the Concordat between the Church and the Italian Government was ratified. Property was returned to the Society making it possible for the Jesuits to build a new Gregorian University building transferring from the Palazzo Borgomeo on via del Seminario to Piazza Pilotta within a few paces of the Quirinal Palace. He then built the new Curia Generalis in the rione of Borgo, on property acquired from the Vatican on Borgo Santo Spirito, about a hundred meters from St. Peter's Square. The Concordat is credited with giving new life to the Society of Jesus, whose property increased with its influence and reputation. 
According to a slightly premature obituary in "The New York Times", dated 10 December 1942 (three days before he actually died): 
Death.
Wlodimir Ledóchowski died in Rome on 13 December 1942, aged 76. After his funeral in the Church of the Gesù his remains were interred in the Society's mausoleum at Campo Verano on the eastern edge of Rome.
References

</doc>
<doc id="2901674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901674" title="Central Union of Agricultural Cooperatives">
Central Union of Agricultural Cooperatives

The , in short , is an independent administrative Japanese body within the Japan Agriculture (JA) Group which determines policy and administrates the group. Its legal status was originally a Recognised Corporate Body under the control of the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries (MAFF), but since 2002 has become a Special Civilian Corporate Body.
History.
The body was founded for the aforementioned purposes in 1954. It gained larger recognition in the next year when it replaced the then existing Union of National Agricultural Cooperatives at the International Co-operative Alliance (ICA).
After its advent, Zenchu had been preoccupied with maintaining and increasing government price supports on rice and other crops and with holding back the import of cheaper agricultural products from abroad. Self-sufficient in rice, Japan in the early 1990s imported only a tiny quantity. A special variety of Thai rice, for example, is used specifically to make the traditional Okinawan liquor, awamori. Zenchu's determination to preserve "Fortress Japan" in the agricultural realm had brought it into conflict with business groups such as Keidanren, which advocated market liberalization and lower food prices. The Zenchu headquarters are coincidentally located next to the office of the Keidanren which it conflicts with.
Although closely allied to the LDP in the past, Nokyo and other agricultural groups were outraged by the government's concessions to the United States on imports of oranges and beef in 1988. Local cooperatives threatened to defect to the Japan Socialist Party if government continued to give in to United States demands. The Japan Socialist Party chairwoman at the time, Doi Takako, made agricultural protectionism a major component of her party's platform.
Publications.
The Zenchu circulates factbooks concerning Food and Agriculture in Japan, specifically, problems relating to food and food supply. 
It also publishes monthly the Gekkan JA. The 2007 July issue focused on the international aid activities which the cooperatives undertake. 
JA (short for Japan Agricultural Cooperatives) is another common name for Nokyo.

</doc>
<doc id="2901675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901675" title="Tracer (DC Comics)">
Tracer (DC Comics)

Tracer is the name of two fictional supervillains published by DC Comics. He first appeared in "Justice League Europe" #16 (July 1990), and was created by Keith Giffen, Gerard Jones and Bart Sears. Like the rest of the Extremists he is based on a Marvel Comics villain, in his case Victor Creed/Sabretooth archenemey of James Logan Howlett/Wolverine.
Tracer.
The first Tracer was a supervillain on the world of Angor, an otherdimensional duplicate of Earth. The Extremists wiped out Angor in a nuclear explosion, leaving only themselves and a few heroes who fled to Earth. The Extremists pursued them and it was revealed all but one of them had died and the surviving one, Dreamslayer, used androids of his comrades, including Tracer. They were deactivated and stored in the Watchtower. Tracer and his android duplicate demonstrated enhanced senses that made him an excellent tracker, enhanced strength and reflexes, a feral attitude, razor sharp claws, and enhanced healing.
Tracer Robot.
The second Tracer was a robotic duplicate of the first Tracer, one of many robots created by the inventor Mitch Wacky on the otherdimensional world of Angor, as part of a theme park attraction. After the death of virtually all heroes and villains on the planet, the evil Dreamslayer used the robot duplicates to re-create his villain team, the Extremists. After traveling to Earth, the Extremists almost took over the world before being defeated by Justice League Europe. The Extremists robots were then exhibited in Madame Clouseau's Wax Museum in Paris. They were later used by Dreamslayer a second time on the island of Kooey Kooey Kooey, and still later as pawns of Twilight in a battle with Supergirl. The Tracer robot had all the powers of the original Tracer which included great strength, speed, and agility, enhanced senses and animal instinct.
Batman Family.
Nicholas Rose, Celia Kazantkakis's son, dressed as "The Tracer" to help her mother in her hidden agenda.
Countdown.
In the Countdown to Final Crisis tie-in series "Lord Havok and the Extremists", a variant version resides on Earth-8. Originally a soldier who was badly injured trying to desert his post, Vincent Cade's broken body was experimented on by the government. Cade was given enhanced strength, speed and senses. He was also forced to endure hours of violent images and subliminal audio telling him to kill. He was implanted with a chip to be controlled with, Tracer's first mission ended with him trying to kill one of his own teammates. Just as his masters were about to use the chip to shut him down, Lord Havok arrived, removed the chip, and offered Tracer a place in his organisation. At Havok's command, Tracer works as an assassin-for-hire for government officials, gaining valuable information on them for his master. In #3, he was attacked and badly beaten by Monarch's forces. Team member Bizarra was eventually able to get Tracer stung up by the neck with her lasso. Only Tracer's enhanced healing ability kept him from dying.
In other media.
In the season four "Justice League Unlimited" episode The Cat and the Canary, Tracer appears as one of the metahumans contestants in Roulette's "Metabrawl" and later reappeared with the rest of the Extremists in the season five episode Shadow of the Hawk. He was defeated by Vixen when she used the anaconda constrict.

</doc>
<doc id="2901679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901679" title="University of Tennessee College of Dentistry">
University of Tennessee College of Dentistry

The University of Tennessee College of Dentistry is the dental school of the University of Tennessee. It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, and its facilities are part of the University of Tennessee Health Science Center. The college has a four-year program and has approximately 320 students.
History.
The college was founded in Nashville, TN in 1878, making the college the oldest dental college in the Southern United States and the third oldest public dental college in the country. The college was moved to Memphis, TN in 1911 and was located in Rogers Hall on Monroe Avenue until 1978, when it was moved to the newly constructed Dunn Building, named after Governor Winfield C. Dunn, a 1955 graduate of the school.
In 2002, the DentSim laboratory was added to the preclinical academic curriculum in an effort to include advanced computer technology to enhance learning. The DentSim is a group of 40 workstations, each containing high-speed handpieces, suction tips, a patient manikin, and a computer. With the use of several sensors, computers monitor the actions of students and return feedback.
Today.
The UT dental college is fully accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. 
Curriculum for the college includes courses on the basic sciences, including biochemistry, microbiology, pathology, histology, and anatomy. Dental courses include advanced pain control, oral pathology, and advanced oral radiology. Several optional courses are also offered.
On October 12, 2005, a Shelby County grand jury indicted 68 people alleged to be part of an embezzlement scheme which targeted the UT dental college. Agents for the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation found that about $130,000 was embezzeled by three former employees of the college via reimbursement checks, which is reserved for patients at the college. The crime occurred between August 15, 2002 and November 3, 2003. To date, two of the former employees, Connie Ackerson and Alberta Paylor, have been arrested.
Graduate programs.
The UT dental college offers several graduate programs in specialty fields of dentistry. These programs include oral and maxillofacial surgery, periodontology, pediatric dentistry, prosthodontics and orthodontics. The college also offers a program in Advanced Education in General Dentistry (AEGD).

</doc>
<doc id="2901685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901685" title="Douglas Kennedy (politician)">
Douglas Kennedy (politician)

Robert Douglas Kennedy (June 15, 1916—May 2003) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1985, as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Kennedy was born in Cooksville, Ontario to John Robert Kennedy (1883 - 1931) and Mary Evelyn Mabel Ellis (1890 - 1985) and he received a Bachelor of Science degree from Ontario Agricultural College (later the University of Guelph) in 1940. He enlisted with the Canadian Army following his graduation, and served until the end of World War II in 1945. After returned, he assisted other veterans through the Veterans Land Act. Kennedy was a trustee on the South Peel Board of Education from 1955 to 1963, and a commissioner on Toronto Township Hydro from 1963 to 1967.
He was first elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1967 provincial election, defeating a candidate of the Liberal Party by 3,618 votes in Peel South. During his first term, he served on the Select Committee on Taxation. He was re-elected in the 1971 election, and returned for the redistributed constituency of Mississauga South in 1975, 1977 and 1981. He was a backbench supporter of the John Robarts, William Davis and Frank Miller administrations, and served as Chief Government Whip for a period in the 1970s. He did not seek re-election in 1985.
Kennedy was the nephew of former Ontario premier Thomas Laird Kennedy, and the uncle of current legislator Ted Chudleigh. He had four children, ten grandchildren and 16 great-grandchildren at the time of his death. He died in Mississauga, Ontario, and was buried at St. John the Baptist Cemetery, Peel Region, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="2901686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901686" title="SRA International">
SRA International

SRA International, Inc. is an information technology services and solutions consulting company incorporated as Systems Research and Applications Corporation in 1976 and beginning operations in 1978. Founded by Ernst Volgenau, it is headquartered in Fair Lakes, Virginia, and employs more than 5,700 people worldwide. William L. Ballhaus is the current President and Chief Executive Officer.
SRA provides information technology services to clients in national security, civil government, and health care and public health. Its largest market, national security, includes the Department of Defense, Homeland Security, US Army, US Air Force, and intelligence agencies.
Products.
Ramble for Blackberry 
SRA created Ramble for Blackberry which allows BlackBerry users to access the AOL Instant Messenger network. The application is free for use and will function on BlackBerry devices version 4.0 or higher.
Clients and Partners.
SRA currently serves more than 250 government clients on 750+ active jobs. No single job accounts for more than 13 percent of the Company’s revenue during any of the last three fiscal years. For each of the last three fiscal years, the Company has been the prime contractor on jobs representing more than 86 percent of its total revenue. 
Locations.
SRA is headquartered in Fair Lakes, Virginia, and has offices in 21 states in the United States and in four countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="2901689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901689" title="Jan Seyum">
Jan Seyum

Jan Seyum was "negus" (King) of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. Taddesse Tamrat states that he was a son of Mara Takla Haymanot, a younger brother of king Tatadim, and the father of Yemrehana Krestos.1 His name does not appear in the longer king lists.

</doc>
<doc id="2901690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901690" title="Tuff Gong">
Tuff Gong

Tuff Gong is the brand name associated with a number of businesses started by Bob Marley and the Marley family. 'Tuff Gong' comes from Marley's nickname, which was in turn an echo of that given to founder of the Rastafari movement, Leonard "The Gong" Howell. 
Record Label.
Tuff Gong is a record label formed by the reggae group The Wailers in 1965. The first single on the label was "Run For Cover" by The Wailers. After 1973, the Tuff Gong headquarters was located at 56 Hope Road, Kingston, Jamaica — Bob Marley's home. The location is now home to the Bob Marley Museum. 
The Tuff Gong label is distributed by Universal Music through Island Records.
Tuff Gong is the official Caribbean distributor of Warner Music Group, Universal Music Group, and Disney Music Group.
In Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto IV, Tuff Gong is featured as one of the many radio stations. The station is dedicated to playing songs associated with Bob Marley, including tracks by his sons Stephen and Damian, who is also known as Jr. Gong.
Recording Studio.
Tuff Gong is a full-service recording studio located in Kingston, Jamaica. It was founded on Orange Street, but soon relocated to 56 Hope Road. The company subsequently moved to 220 Marcus Garvey Drive, where it continues to operate. 
Tuff Gong includes a recording studio, mastering room, stamper room, pressing plant, cassette plant, wholesale record shop, booking agency, as well as offices for Rita Marley Music and Ghetto Youths International.
Tuff Gong International studio is one of the largest Caribbean studios and features the second-largest live recording space on the islands. Artists, musicians, producers and tourists travel from around the world to visit the facility that birthed songs such as “No Woman, Nuh Cry”, “Trenchtown Rock”, “Stir It Up”, “Concrete Jungle”, “Redemption Song”, “Buffalo Soldier” and “Could You Be Loved”. 
A longtime resource for Jamaican musicians, Tuff Gong has been the location of recordings from Rita Marley, Capleton, Sly and Robbie, Shaggy, Bounty Killa, Lady Saw, Vybz Kartel, Popcaan, Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers, I-Wayne, Beenie Man, Jimmy Cliff, and many others. 
International music stars, such as Snoop Dogg, Sinead O'Connor, Kenny Chesney, Lauryn Hill, and Self Defense Family, have chosen the studio for both its recording resources and its history. 
A renewed international interest in Jamaican music has led to studio being used by a younger generation of artists, including Major Lazer.

</doc>
<doc id="2901691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901691" title="North American English regional phonology">
North American English regional phonology

North American English regional phonology is the study of variations in the pronunciation of spoken English by the inhabitants of various parts of North America (United States and Canada). North American English can be divided into several regional dialects based on phonological, phonetic, lexical, and some syntactic features. North American English includes American English, which has several highly developed and distinct regional varieties, along with the closely related Canadian English, which is more homogeneous. American English (especially Western dialects) and Canadian English have more in common with each other than with the many varieties of English outside North America.
The most recent work documenting and studying the phonology of North American English dialects as a whole is the "Atlas of North American English" by William Labov, Sharon Ash, and Charles Boberg, on which much of the description below is based, following on a tradition of sociolinguistics dating to the 1960s; earlier large-scale American dialectology focused more on lexical variation than on phonology.
Defining regions of North American speech.
Regional dialects in North America are most strongly differentiated along the Eastern seaboard. The distinctive speech of important cultural centers like Boston ("see Boston accent"); Philadelphia and New Orleans imposed their marks on the surrounding areas. The Connecticut River is usually regarded as the southern/western extent of "New England" speech, while the Potomac River generally divides a group of Northern coastal dialects from the beginning of the Coastal Southern dialect area (distinguished from the "Highland Southern" or South Midland dialect treated below, although outsiders often mistakenly believe that the speech in these two areas is the same); in between these two rivers several local variations exist, most famous among them the variety that prevails in New York City.
Dialects on the East Coast of the continent are most diverse chiefly because the East Coast has been populated by English-speaking people longer than any other region. Western speech is much more homogeneous because it was settled by English speakers more recently, and so there has been less time for the West to diversify into a multiplicity of distinctive accents. A reason for the differences between (on the one hand) Eastern and (on the other hand) Midwestern and Western accents is that the East Coast areas were in contact with England, and imitated prestigious varieties of British English at a time when those varieties were undergoing changes. The interior of the country was settled by people who were no longer closely connected to England, as they had no access to the ocean during a time when journeys to Britain were always by sea, and so Western and inland speakers did not imitate the changes in speech from England.
African American Vernacular English contains many distinctive forms that are more homogeneous from region to region than the accents of white speakers, but African-American speakers are subject to regional variation also.
General American.
General American is a notional accent of American English perceived by Americans to be most "neutral" and free of regional characteristics. A General American accent is not a specific well-defined standardized accent in the way that Received Pronunciation (RP) has historically been the standard, prestigious variant of the English language in England; rather, accents with different features can all be perceived as General American provided they "lack" certain "non-standard" features.
One feature that General American is generally agreed to include is rhotic pronunciation, which maintains the sound whenever it appears in a word, particularly before consonants in words like "pearl", "car", and "court", differentiating it from RP. Unlike RP, General American is also characterized by the merger of the vowels of words like father and bother, flapping, and the reduction of vowel contrasts before historic . General American also has yod-dropping after alveolar consonants.
The widespread Mary–marry–merry merger and the wine–whine merger are complete in most regions of North America and very common at least in informal and semi-formal varieties of others; however, the most formal varieties tend to be more conservative in preserving these phonemic distinctions. Other phonemic mergers present in some speakers in certain regions include the cot–caught merger and the pin–pen merger (a conditional merger).
One phenomenon apparently unique to American accents is the irregular behavior of words that in RP have (where V stands for any vowel). Words of this class include, among others: "origin, Florida, horrible, quarrel, warren, borrow, tomorrow, sorry", and "sorrow". In General American there is a split: the majority of these words have , but the last four words of the list above have . In the New York accent, through New Jersey and Philadelphia, and in the Carolinas, most or all of these words are pronounced by many speakers (Shitara 1993). In Canadian English, however, all of the words in this class are pronounced .
The Midland.
The region of the Midwestern United States west of the Appalachian Mountains begins the broad zone of what is generally called "Midland" speech. In older and traditional dialectological research, this is divided into two discrete subdivisions: the "North Midland" that begins north of the Ohio River valley area and the "South Midland" dialect area. In more recent work such as the "Atlas of North American English", the former is designated simply "Midland" and the latter is reckoned as part of the South. The (North) Midland is arguably the major region whose dialect most closely approximates "General American".
The North Midland and South Midland are both characterized by having a distinctly fronter realization of the phoneme (as in "boat") than many other American accents, particularly those of the North; the phoneme is frequently realized with a central nucleus, approximating . Likewise, has a fronter nucleus than , approaching . Another feature distinguishing the Midland from the North is that the word "on" contains the phoneme (as in "caught") rather than (as in "cot"). (Obviously this only applies to Midland speakers not subject to the cot–caught merger, on which see below.) For this reason, one of the names for the North-Midland boundary is the "'On' line".
In some areas of the Midland, words like "roof" and "root" (which in many other dialects have the vowel ) are pronounced with the vowel of "book" and "hoof" .
A common non-phonological feature of the greater Midland area is so-called positive "anymore": it has become possible to use the word "anymore" with the meaning 'nowadays' in sentences without negative polarity, such as "Air travel is inconvenient anymore."
North Midland.
The North Midland region stretches from east to west across central and southern Ohio, central Indiana, central Illinois, Iowa, and northern Missouri, as well as Nebraska and Kansas where it begins to blend into the West. Major cities of this dialect area include Omaha, Kansas City, Des Moines, Columbus, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. This area is currently undergoing a vowel merger of the "short o" (as in "cot") and 'aw' (as in "caught") phonemes. Many speakers show transitional forms of this so-called cot–caught merger, which is complete in approximately half of the rest of North America.
The phoneme (as in "cat") shows most commonly a so-called "continuous" distribution: is raised and tensed toward before nasal consonants and remains low before voiceless stop consonants, and other allophones of occupy a continuum of varying degrees of height between those two extremes.
South Midland (Appalachian).
The South Midland dialect region follows the Ohio River in a generally southwesterly direction, moving across from Kentucky, southern Indiana, and southern Illinois to southern Missouri, Arkansas, southeastern Kansas, and Oklahoma, west of the Mississippi River. Although historically more closely related to the North Midland speech, this region shows dialectal features that are now more similar to the rest of the South than the Midland, most noticeably the smoothing of the diphthong to , and the second person plural pronoun "you-all" or "y'all." Unlike the coastal South, however, the South Midland has always been a rhotic dialect, pronouncing wherever it has historically occurred. South Indiana is the northernmost extent of the South Midland region, forming what dialectologists refer to as the "Hoosier Apex" of the South Midland; the accent is locally known there as the "Hoosier Twang".
The phonology of the South Midland is discussed in greater detail in the section on the South below.
St. Louis, Missouri and vicinity.
St. Louis, Missouri is historically one among several (North) Midland cities, but it has developed some unique features of its own distinguishing it from the rest of the Midland.
Central and Western Pennsylvania (Pittsburgh).
The dialect of Western Pennsylvania is, for many purposes, an eastern extension of the North Midland. Like the Midland proper, the Western Pennsylvania accent features fronting of and , as well as positive "anymore". The chief distinguishing feature of Western Pennsylvania as a whole is that the cot–caught merger is complete here, whereas it is still in progress in most of the Midland. The merger has also spread from Western Pennsylvania into adjacent West Virginia, historically in the South Midland dialect region.
The city of Pittsburgh is considered a dialect of its own often known as Pittsburghese. This region is additionally characterized by a sound change that is unique in North America: the monophthongization of to . This is the source of the stereotypical Pittsburgh pronunciation of "downtown" as "dahntahn". Pittsburgh also features an unusually low allophone of (as in "cut"); it approaches ( itself having moved out of the way and become a rounded vowel in its merger with ).
The Midwest (Northern Central United States).
The dialect area of the United States north of Pennsylvania and the Midland is distinguished from the Midland by a collection of linguistic features whose isoglosses all largely coincide, despite not being directly structurally related to each other. Dialectologists in the first half of the 20th century distinguished the North from the Midland on the basis of a large collection of lexical isoglosses, mostly dealing with differences in agricultural terms that are now largely obsolete (such as the use of "ko-day" in the north versus "sheepie" in the Midland to call sheep from the pasture). Despite the obsolescence of these lexical differences, the boundary between the North and Midland is maintained in the same place by phonological and phonetic isoglosses.
The North is also separated from the Midland by the presence of the Northern Cities Vowel Shift (NCVS), on which see below; although the NCVS is not found in all parts of the North, it is present in the part of the North most closely adjacent to the Midland and thus helps to define the boundary.
Inland North.
The Inland North dialect region was once considered the "standard Midwestern" speech that was the basis for General American in the mid-20th century. However, it has been recently modified by the Northern Cities Vowel Shift, which is the main feature of this dialect region. Today the Inland North proper is regarded as the sub-region of the North where the NCVS predominates.
The Inland North is centered on the area south of the Great Lakes, and consists of two components to the east, central and western New York State (including Syracuse, Binghamton, Rochester, and Buffalo); and to the west, much of Michigan's Lower Peninsula (Detroit, Grand Rapids), Toledo, Cleveland, Chicago, Gary, and Southeastern Wisconsin (Milwaukee, Racine, Kenosha).
These two regions are separated by a region of northwestern Pennsylvania, including the city of Erie, which is not today part of the linguistic Inland North. Although Erie was historically part of the greater Northern dialect region, and is on the southern shore of Lake Erie halfway between Buffalo and Cleveland, it has not undergone the NCVS; instead, as a result of heavy influence from Pittsburgh, the cot–caught merger has taken place in Erie.
The NCVS is not uniform throughout the Inland North; it is most advanced in Western New York and Michigan, and less developed in Cleveland. At the eastern fringes are areas in which most speakers display NCVS features only in weak forms if at all, including northeastern Pennsylvania and some communities in northern and eastern New York. Northern Indiana and part of Minnesota show the first stage of the NCVS, tensing of , without any of the other stages.
The Northern Cities Vowel Shift.
The NCVS is a chain shift involving movements of six vowel phonemes:
This shift is in progress across the region, though not necessarily completed. So, any individual speaker may display some of these six shifts without displaying the others. On the whole, though, the shifts occur in the order listed above, so speakers who display advanced forms of the later changes will generally be advanced in the earlier changes as well.
Upper Midwest (North-Central).
The North Central dialect region extends from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan westward across northern Minnesota and North Dakota and into eastern Montana. Although the "Atlas of North American English" does not include the North Central region as part of the North proper, it shares all of the features listed above as properties of the North as a whole. The North Central is a linguistically conservative region; it participates in few of the major ongoing sound changes of North American English.
The movie "Fargo", which takes place in the North Central region, famously features an exaggerated version of this accent.
New England.
Western New England.
Western New England, whose regional dialectal features encompass the primarily suburban areas in a region whose northernmost edge is Burlington, Vermont, easternmost is Springfield, Massachusetts, southernmost is Hartford, Connecticut, and westernmost is Albany, New York. The dialect has close historical ties to the Inland North: it is from Western New England that the westward migration began that led to the settlement of most upstate New York and the rest of the Inland North. The linguistic boundary between Western and Eastern New England has been recognized at least since the 1940s; Western New England differed from Eastern New England then in being rhotic, possessing the Mary–marry–merry merger, and not being subject to the caught–cot merger, among other features. Historically, Western New England is distinguished from Eastern New England in that it consists principally of communities settled from the Connecticut and New Haven colonies, rather than the Massachusetts Bay and Plymouth colonies.
Today, Western New England shares in the principal linguistic features listed above as characteristic of the North. Connecticut and western Massachusetts in particular show the same general phonological system as the Inland North, and some speakers show a general tendency in the direction of the Northern Cities Vowel Shift—for instance, an that is somewhat higher and tenser than average, an that is fronter than , and so on. The caught–cot merger has taken hold comparatively recently in Vermont, merging to an unrounded vowel (unlike in Eastern New England, where the merged "cot"-"caught" vowel is back and rounded). In Connecticut and remain distinct, although the merger shows some evidence of being in progress advancing southward from Vermont.
Eastern New England (Boston).
The Eastern New England dialect area encompasses Maine, New Hampshire, and eastern Massachusetts (including Greater Boston). The dialect spoken here shares features with the greater North dialect region, including Canadian raising of and minimal fronting of and , but it possesses enough distinctive features of its own to distinguish it from the North as a separate dialect system. Southern New Hampshire has been reported as retreating from some of the more distinctive features of the Eastern New England dialect region.
This region of the United States historically had more contact with British varieties of English (being nearer to the Atlantic coast) and looked to England as a standard of prestige for their speech. Hence, the Eastern New England dialect has in some respects more similarities with British English than many other dialects of American English have. Most famously, Eastern New England accents (with the exception of Martha's Vineyard) are traditionally non-rhotic.
The Eastern New England accent is seemingly unique in North America for not having undergone the so-called father–bother merger: in other words, the stressed vowel phonemes of "father" and "bother" remain distinct as and , so that the two words do not rhyme as they do in most American accents. Many Eastern New England speakers also have a class of words with "broad A"—that is, as in "father" in words that in most accents contain , such as "bath", "half", and "can't". Broad A is another feature that Eastern New England shares with southern England. On the other hand, unlike dialects of England, the Eastern New England dialect is subject to the cot–caught merger, merging the "cot" and "caught" classes to a back rounded vowel, .
As mentioned above, Eastern New England retains the distinction between the vowel phonemes of "marry", "merry", and "Mary". Likewise, many Eastern New England speakers preserve the distinctions between and before intervocalic (as in "nearer" and "mirror"), as well as the distinction between and before intervocalic (as in "hurry" and "furry").
The distinction between the vowels of "horse" and "hoarse" is maintained in traditional non-rhotic New England accents as for "horse" (with the same vowel as "cot" and "caught") vs. for hoarse. Thus, the horse–hoarse merger does not occur. Like some other east-coast accents as well as AAVE, some accents of eastern New England merge and , making homophones of pairs like "pour"/"poor", "more"/"moor", "tore"/"tour", "cores"/"Coors" etc.
Eastern New England has a so-called nasal short-"a" system. In other words, the phoneme has highly distinct allophones before nasal consonants.
Rhode Island.
Rhode Island is traditionally grouped with the Eastern New England dialect region, both by the dialectologists of the mid–20th century and by the "Atlas of North American English"; it shares Eastern New England's traditional non-rhoticity and nasal short-"a" system. A key linguistic difference between Rhode Island and the rest of the Eastern New England, however, is that Rhode Island is subject to the father–bother merger and not the cot–caught merger. Indeed, Rhode Island shares with New York and Philadelphia an unusually high and back allophone of (as in "caught"), even compared to other communities that do not have the cot–caught merger.
In the "Atlas of North American English", the city of Providence (the only community in Rhode Island sampled by the "Atlas") is also distinguished by having the backest realizations of , , and in North America.
The Mid-Atlantic.
Most of the major cities of the Mid-Atlantic have distinctive accents that cover smaller regions than the broad "North" and "Midland" categories of the Midwest, reflecting the greater dialect diversity of the US Mid-Atlantic region. These dialects are not all closely related to each other, but subsets of them share several unusual features, such as non-rhoticity or a split of into two separate phonemes.
One feature shared by all of them is resistance to the Mary–marry–merry merger. Similarly, these dialects retain a distinction between historical short "o" and long "o" before intervocalic , so that, for example, "orange", "Florida", and "horrible" have a different stressed vowel than "story" and "chorus".
New York City metropolitan area.
As in Eastern New England, the accents of New York City and adjoining New Jersey cities are traditionally non-rhotic. The vowels of "cot" and "caught" are distinct; in fact the New York dialect has the highest realizations of in North American English, approaching or even . The vowel of "cart" is back and rounded instead of fronted as it is in Boston.
The accent is well attested in American movies and television shows, especially ones about American mobsters. It is often referred to more narrowly as the "Bronx" or "Brooklyn accent", although in fact research has found no variation between the different accents among the boroughs of New York City "per se". Bugs Bunny and Groucho Marx both speak with a Brooklyn accent in their films. The accent is often exaggerated, but nevertheless still exists or existed to some degree among Brooklyn natives. The English used in the popular television show "The Sopranos", set in Essex County, New Jersey, is often more close to a Brooklyn accent, than that of New Jersey, mainly regarding the rhotic feature. Furthermore, the dialect portrayed on this television show does not apply to citizens of the entire state; it is a particular socio-ethnic accent among Italian-Americans.
New Jersey.
New Jersey is largely split into New York City dialectal features in the northeast, Inland North dialectal features in the northwest, and Philadelphia features everywhere else.
Philadelphia and the Delaware Valley.
The accent of Philadelphia and nearby parts of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and Maryland, is probably the original ancestor of General American. It is one of the few coastal accents that is rhotic, and one of the first to merge the historical of "hoarse, mourning" with the of "horse, morning". It also maintains the cot–caught contrast, unlike New England and western Pennsylvania. Nevertheless there are differences between modern Philadelphia speech and General American, some of which, as described in Labov, Ash, & Boberg (2006) and Labov (2001), will be outlined here.
The South.
Few generalizations can be made about Southern pronunciation as a whole, as there is great variation between regions in the South (see different southern American English dialects for more information) and between older and younger people. Upheavals such as the Great Depression, the Dust Bowl and World War II have caused mass migrations throughout the United States. Southern American English as we know it today began to take its current shape only after World War II. Some generalizations include:
The South Midland dialect follows the Ohio River in a generally southwesterly direction, moves across Arkansas and Oklahoma west of the Mississippi, and peters out in West Texas. It is a version of the Midland speech that has assimilated some coastal Southern forms, most noticeably the loss of the diphthong , which becomes , and the second person plural pronoun "you-all" or "y'all."
South Midlands speech is characterized by:
Southern drawl.
The Southern drawl, or the diphthongization/triphthongization of the traditional short front vowels, as in the words "pat", "pet", and "pit": these develop a glide up from their original starting position to , and then in some cases back down to schwa.
Charleston, South Carolina.
Charleston, South Carolina has a very distinctive southern accent that encompasses elements of standard British English and American Southern English, with additional French-Huguenot influences. However, given Charleston's high concentration of African-Americans that spoke the Gullah language, the speech patterns were more influenced by the dialect of the Gullah African-American community. The most distinguishing feature of this accent is the way speakers pronounce the name of the city, to which a standard listener would hear "Chahls-ton", with a silent r. Alone among the various regional Southern dialects, Charlestonian speakers inglide long mid vowels, such as the raising for and . Some attribute these unique features of Charleston's speech to its early settlement by the French Huguenots and Sephardi Jews, both of which played influential parts in Charleston's development and history.
New Orleans, Louisiana.
Parallels include the split of the historic short-a class into tense and lax versions, as well as pronunciation of "cot" and "caught" as and . The stereotypical New York curl–coil merger of "toity-toid street" (33rd Street) used to be a common New Orleans feature, though it has mostly receded today.
Perhaps the most distinctive New Orleans accent is locally nicknamed "yat", from a traditional greeting "Where y'at" ("Where are you at?", meaning "How are you?"). One of the most detailed phonetic depictions of an extreme "yat" accent of the early 20th century is found in the speech of the character Krazy Kat in the comic strip of the same name by George Herriman. While such extreme "yat" accents are no longer so common in the city, they can still be found in parts of Mid-City and the 9th ward, Jefferson Parish, as well as in St. Bernard Parish, just east of New Orleans.
The novel A Confederacy of Dunces by John Kennedy Toole is generally considered the best depiction of New Orleans accents in literature.
Acadiana.
English speakers in this specific region of southwest Louisiana (also referred to as Cajun country) have carried over many words and phrases from the colonial French (i.e. Canada, Acadia) because of the eviction of early French colonials by the British and their voluntary resettlement in Louisiana. A number of people in this area speak a variety of Cajun French, although the number has been declining in recent years.
Miami, Florida.
In and around Miami-Dade County and Broward County, a unique dialect, commonly called the "Miami dialect", is widely spoken. The dialect developed among second- or third-generation Hispanics, including Cuban-Americans, whose first language was English (though some non-Hispanic white, black, and other races who were born and raised in Miami-Dade tend to adopt it as well.) It is based on a fairly standard American accent but with some changes very similar to dialects in the Mid-Atlantic (especially the New York area dialect, Northern New Jersey English, and New York Latino English.) Unlike Virginia Piedmont, Coastal Southern American, and Northeast American dialects and Florida Cracker dialect (see section below), "Miami accent" is rhotic; it also incorporates a rhythm and pronunciation heavily influenced by Spanish (wherein rhythm is syllable-timed).
However, this is a native dialect of English, not learner English or interlanguage; it is possible to differentiate this variety from an interlanguage spoken by second-language speakers in that "Miami accent" does "not" generally display the following features: there is no addition of before initial consonant clusters with , speakers do not confuse of with , (e.g., "Yale" with "jail"), and /r/ and /rr/ are pronounced as instead of alveolar tap [] or alveolar trill in Spanish.
Texas.
The pronunciation of the Southern dialect in Texas blends the major features of the Deep South and Upper South, as well as notable influence derived from an early Spanish-speaking population along with that of German immigrants.
The West.
The Western United States is the largest dialect region in the United States, and the one with the fewest distinctive phonological features. These facts can both be attributed to the fact that the West is the region most recently settled by English speakers, and so there has not been sufficient time for the region either to develop highly distinctive innovations or to split into strongly distinct dialectological subregions. There is some evidence, though, that some regions of the West are beginning to diverge from each other linguistically.
California.
There are several phonological processes which have been identified as being particular to California English. However, these shifts are by no means universal in Californian speech, and any single Californian's speech may have only some of the changes identified below, or even none of them. Arizona, Nevada, and Oregon often demonstrate this Californian shift.
California English possesses a new chain vowel shift known as the California vowel shift:
California English also possesses the following features:
Pacific Northwest.
Pacific Northwest English is fairly similar to other areas of the West. It possesses features shared in common with California English and West/Central Canadian English, depending on the region. The accent of Southern Oregon shares several features of California English (such as the California vowel shift), and Northern Washington has some features similar to West/Central Canadian English such as the Canadian Shift.
Canada.
Canadian English (CanE) is the variety of North American English used in Canada. The phonetics and phonology for most of Canada are very similar to that of the Western and Midlands regions of the United States. Canada has relatively less dialectal diversity compared to the United States and other English-speaking countries.
West and Central Canada.
The most common variety of Canadian English the one spoken in West/Central Canada. Overall, the pronunciation of English in most of Canada, and especially in Central and Western Canada, is very similar to the pronunciation of English found in the Western United States; Canadian raising and the Canadian vowel shift are the most distinctive features.
Canadian raising.
A number of Canadians have a distinct feature called "Canadian raising" (Chambers 1973). This feature means that the nucleus of the diphthongs and are "raised" before voiceless consonants. In most varieties of American English pairs such as "pouter/powder" and "rider/writer" are pronounced exactly the same. In Canadian English, however, when a diphthong is followed by the voiceless consonants such as and some others, the starting point of the diphthong raises from an open central vowel to a mid one.
For example, "ride" is pronounced but with "write", because the diphthong is followed by a , the diphthong raises and the word is pronounced . Most other speakers of American English do not possess these allophonic sounds ( and ) but the pronunciation is still marked. The Canadian pronunciation of "about the house" may sound like "a boat the hoas" to speakers of dialects without the raising, and in many cases is misheard (or deliberately exaggerated) as "aboot the hoos". Some stand-up and situation comedians, as well as television shows (such as South Park) exaggerate the pronunciation to *"aboot the hoos" for comic effect. True Canadian raising affects both and , but a related phenomenon, of much wider distribution throughout the United States, affects only . So, whereas the General American pronunciations of "rider" and "writer" are identical (), those American English speakers whose dialects include either the full or restricted Canadian raising will pronounce them as and , respectively. Canadian raising is quite strong in the Prairies, the Maritimes, and most of Ontario as well. It is receding in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia and among younger speakers in southern Ontario. Many of these speakers do not raise before voiceless consonants. Younger speakers in the Lower Mainland do not even raise .
Canadian Vowel Shift.
The cot–caught merger creates a hole in the short vowel sub-system and triggers a sound change known as the Canadian Shift, mainly found in Ontario, English-speaking Montreal and further west, and led by Ontarians and women; it involves the front lax vowels , , . It is also found scattered throughout the Western United States.
The vowels in the words "cot" and "caught" merge to , a low back rounded vowel. The of "bat" is retracted to (except before nasals). Indeed, is lower in this variety than almost all other North American dialects; the retraction of was independently observed in Vancouver and is more advanced for Ontarians and women than for people from the Prairies or Atlantic Canada and men. Then, and are lowered in the direction of and and/or retracted; studies actually disagree on the trajectory of the shift.

</doc>
<doc id="2901693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901693" title="All That Glitters (TV series)">
All That Glitters (TV series)

All That Glitters is an American situation comedy television series by producer Norman Lear. It consisted of 65 episodes and aired between April 18 and July 15, 1977 in broadcast syndication. The show, a spoof of the soap opera format, depicted the trials and tribulations of a group of executives at the Globatron corporation. The twist of the series was that it was set within a world of complete role-reversal: Women were the "stronger sex," the executives and breadwinners, while the "weaker sex" – the men – were the secretaries or stay-at-home househusbands. Men were often treated as sex objects.
The series features Eileen Brennan, Greg Evigan, Lois Nettleton, Gary Sandy, Tim Thomerson and Jessica Walter. Comic actor and cartoon voice artist Chuck McCann was also a regular. Linda Gray played transgender fashion model Linda Murkland, the first transgender series regular on American television.
Before and after its premiere, "All That Glitters" was negatively received and the series lasted just 13 weeks.
Production.
"All That Glitters" was series creator Norman Lear's attempt to duplicate his success with the syndicated soap opera spoof "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman". Lear described the premise simply: "God created Eve first, took out her rib and gave her a companion so she wouldn't be lonely." Lear came up with the idea on a trip to Washington, D.C.: "I had visited the Institute of Policy Studies, and I just loved the whole thing. And I thought there was a series in it—a five-times-a-week series: I went to bed thinking about that, and I woke up the next morning thinking what would happen if the male-female equation were changed? What would happen if the women had all the power and all the advantage, and the men had what the women normally would have?”
The world of "All That Glitters" had always been female-dominated but Lear also used the series to comment on changing sex roles in the United States in the 1970s.
Former Major League Baseball player Wes Parker almost literally walked into his role. He was doing play-by-play reporting for a Los Angeles television station owned by Lear's partner, Jerry Perenchio. "Lear casually asked if I'd be interested in the part. I said yes, but knew it was out of the question, because in real life things don't happen that way. Nobody walks in and gets on a Norman Lear show. I read for the part, got it and didn't sleep at all that night." Linda Gray was somewhat non-plussed upon being offered the role of transgender Linda Murkland. "I remember meeting Norman and him saying, 'You'll be perfect for the role.' I didn't know whether to take that as a compliment or what." To prepare for her role, Linda Gray asked Lear to arrange for her to meet with a transgender woman. Gray met with her for several hours prior to the beginning of filming and on a couple of occasions during production. Lois Nettleton reportedly based her characterization of Christina Stockwood on Clark Gable. Production started in early March 1977 with director Herbert Kenwith.
In test screenings prior to its premiere, reaction to the show was sharply divided. According to executive producer Stephanie Sills, the strongest negative reaction came from male executives. "They didn't mind being portrayed by women. It was simply that they detest the way we depicted them." Feminists were uncertain how to react to the series, with some being concerned that audiences would not perceive the show as satire but as an attempt to represent how a female-dominated society would actually operate. Lear marketed the program through his company, TAT Syndication. The series ran five nights a week.
Critical reaction.
"All That Glitters" debuted the week of April 18, 1977 on about 40 stations in late-night syndication. It was poorly critically received, with one reviewer going so far as to call the show's theme song "blasphemous" for suggesting that God was female and created Eve first. "Time" magazine sharply criticized the series, calling it "embarrassingly amateurish", with "flaccid" and "wearying" jokes, flat writing, "mediocre" acting and "aimless" direction. The "Wall Street Journal" concurred, saying that while the series' role-reversal premise may have been adequate for a play or film, it was too limiting to serve as the basis for a continuing series. These limitations showed up most clearly, the "Journal" says, in the lead performances. Although praising the performers themselves as talented, they are cited for being "unable to infuse much life into their roles". The "Journal" pegs the fundamental problem with "All That Glitters" as that "its characters are not people at all, merely composites of the least attractive characteristics of each sex. The satire focuses not on the way real, recognizable people behave, but on stereotypes and cliches about masculine and feminine attitudes. Even when stood on their heads, they still remain stereotypes and cliches."
"New Times Magazine" was much more receptive to the series. Although labeling it "unquestionably the weirdest that Lear has ever produced", "New Times" found that the series was not "a satire of mannerisms but of attitudes". "All That Glitters" required that viewers watch closely to pick up on the subtleties and nuances, "not so much for what the show says, but for the "way" that it's said".
"All That Glitters", after initially capturing 20% of viewers in major markets in its opening weeks, had lost about half of that audience mid-way through its run. The series was cancelled after 13 weeks, last airing on July 15, 1977. Although the show was panned, it and Lear, along with "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman", are credited with expanding the subject matter that television producers were able to explore with lessened fear of antagonizing sponsors or viewers.
In the years since the series, it has garnered something of a positive reputation, with one critic listing it and other Lear efforts as "imaginative shows that contained some of the most striking satires of television and American society ever broadcast".
While the show itself was unsuccessful, it did spawn a hit song. "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", which had been written with the intention of its being the theme song, was recorded by Neil Diamond and Barbra Streisand and made it to #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. By the time the show made it to air, another song had been chosen as the theme. The replacement, "Genesis Revisited", was later described by the "New York Times" as "sparkl with witty rhymes and a punchy good humor". The song was performed by Kenny Rankin. The lyrics for both songs were written by Marilyn Bergman with music by Alan Bergman.

</doc>
<doc id="2901700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901700" title="Norvin Green State Forest">
Norvin Green State Forest

Norvin Green State Forest is a 4,365-acre (17.4 km²) state forest in Bloomingdale, New Jersey, United States, near the Wanaque Reservoir. It is part of the Northeastern coastal forests ecoregion. The forest is accessible by foot only; it is part of the Wyanokie Wilderness Area and contains an extensive trail system built on old logging roads, several of which connect with trails in the Weis Ecology Center and reservoir property. The trails climb hills up to 1,300 feet and provide views of the Manhattan skyline, the Wanaque Reservoir, Burnt Meadow Brook and Lake Sonoma. The park is operated and maintained by the New Jersey Division of Parks and Forestry.

</doc>
<doc id="2901702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901702" title="Tender Kisses">
Tender Kisses

"Tender Kisses" is the fourth single from Tracie Spencer's second album, "Make the Difference". The single was released on July 16, 1991. It was written by Matt Sherrod, Paul Sherrod, Sir Spence and Tracie Spencer. This song is one of Tracie Spencer's best known hits to date, reaching number one on the R&B chart in the U.S. The theme of the song focuses on being heartbroken after a breakup.
Chart information.
"Tender Kisses" became a summer hit in 1991, hitting number one on the Hot R&B Singles chart and number forty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Tender Kisses" was shot in 1991 and opens with Spencer holding a rose in her hands and standing before a blue background with autumn leaves and glitter coming down around her. There are shots of Spencer on a swing, behind a window, and in a big chair, begging her lover to reconsider about leaving the relationship.
Popular Culture.
On an episode of Family Matters, Spencer appeared as herself and sang the song as a duet with Darius McCrary, who played the character of Eddie Winslow.

</doc>
<doc id="2901707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901707" title="Germa Seyum">
Germa Seyum

Germa Seyum was "negus" of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. Taddesse Tamrat states that he was a son of Mara Takla Haymanot, the younger brother of king Tatadim, and the father of Kedus Harbe and Gebre Mesqel Lalibela. His name does not appear in the longer king lists.

</doc>
<doc id="2901717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901717" title="Crispin Glover (song)">
Crispin Glover (song)

"Crispin Glover" is the second single from Scarling.'s debut album, "Sweet Heart Dealer". It was released in the USA on two separate 7" vinyl records on November 7, 2004 on the Sympathy for the Record Industry label. Each record has its own cover art — one a portrait of the song's titular actor, the other a photo of the band — and a unique b-side.
The title track on both discs has been remixed from the version of "Crispin Glover" on "Sweet Heart Dealer".

</doc>
<doc id="2901720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901720" title="The Bitter Cry of Children">
The Bitter Cry of Children

The Bitter Cry of Children is a book by socialist writer John Spargo, a muckraker in the Progressive Period. Published in 1906, it is an expose of the horrific working conditions of child laborers.

</doc>
<doc id="2901722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901722" title="Amygdala (comics)">
Amygdala (comics)

Amygdala is the alias of DC Comics character Aaron Helzinger, who is a sometime opponent of Batman. He has reduced mental capacity, near superhuman strength and endurance, and is prone to outbursts of violence due to medical experimentation on his brain, chiefly the removal of his amygdala. 
Fictional character biography.
Anatomically, the amygdala refers to the bundle of nerve cells in the brain that control emotional associations of many kinds. Helzinger's amygdala cluster was removed in an attempt to cure him of his homicidal rage. This procedure resulted in Amygdala becoming exceedingly angry and was the opposite of what the surgery was supposed to achieve. Easily led due to his childlike nature, Amygdala has been the pawn of a number of Batman villains, but when properly medicated, he can be peaceful. 
Amygdala first appeared in ' #3 in 1992 during the story arc of the four-parter ' which began the new line of comics. In the issue, Amygdala was forced to attack Batman by the maddened Jeremiah Arkham. Batman subdued Amygdala, but was then forced to face more inmates.
Amygdala later appeared in Part 2 of the year-long story arc "", which also saw other characters introduced in "Batman: The Last Arkham" return to the comic book universe, most notably Zsasz and Jeremiah Arkham. In "Knightfall", Amygdala was freed from Arkham Asylum by Bane along with numerous other inmates and was soon under the control of the Ventriloquist. Batman intercepted Ventriloquist, but was promptly attacked by Amygdala. As Ventriloquist escaped, Batman subdued Amygdala once more and the villain no longer took part in "Knightfall".
He has been released into the community on numerous occasions, where he has been an ally and friend of Dick Grayson (Nightwing, the former Robin). He lived in the hero's apartment building and worked as a warden in Lockhaven Prison. When Blockbuster was in the process of breaking Nightwing down both physically and emotionally, he blew up Grayson's apartment complex with Amygdala inside. Amygdala survived, but he was heavily traumatized by the death of his friends.
In the "Infinite Crisis" storyline, Amygdala was among the villains that joined Alexander Luthor, Jr.'s Secret Society of Super Villains. He also appeared in the 2008 mini-series "Gotham Underground", drinking in the Penguin's Iceberg Lounge.
Powers and abilities.
Amygdala is a huge man with the strength and endurance of a championship bodybuilder. His emotional instability and explosive rage enhance this even further, making him prone to bouts of boundless violence unrestrained by the usual barriers and limits set in place by one's self-awareness.
Other versions.
Elseworlds.
In the Elseworlds tale "Batman: Crimson Mist"—the third part of the trilogy that began with "", which saw Batman become a vampire-—Amygdala makes a cameo during the vampire Batman's assault on Arkham Asylum, where he is killed and then beheaded by the vampire Batman.
Amygdala is briefly referenced in an article by Joseph LeDoux, a neuroscientist and expert in the role of the anatomical amygdala in fear processing, as testament to popular interest in the brain area.

</doc>
<doc id="2901725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901725" title="Slayer (disambiguation)">
Slayer (disambiguation)

Slayer is an American thrash metal band. This may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901727" title="Ben Blackwell">
Ben Blackwell

Ben Blackwell (Born Benjamin Jesse Blackwell on June 12, 1982) is the creator and director of Cass Records, one of two drummers in the Detroit-based rock band the Dirtbombs, an accomplished writer and an employee of Jack White of the White Stripes at Third Man Records.
The Dirtbombs.
Blackwell debuted live with the Dirtbombs on December 18, 1999 when he was only 17-years-old. He has since become one of the longest-serving members of the band, having played on four studio albums and having toured extensively all over the world.
Involvement with the White Stripes.
From the beginning of the Stripes' existence Blackwell worked as the band's roadie and wrote much of the group's website content. Although he is citizen archivist rather than an accredited professional archivist he is referred to as the "White Stripes' official archivist". He wrote the liner notes to Under Blackpool Lights. He also appears in the White Stripes' feature-length documentary Under Great White Northern Lights laying behind Jack and Meg and conducting the interview that is interlaced throughout the film.
Cass Records.
Started in 2003 with money given to him from his mother, Blackwell has put out over 50 releases on his Cass Records imprint.
Through his label he has released records from such artists as The Mooney Suzuki, Blanche, The Waxwings, The Trachtenburg Family Slide Show Players, The Sights, The Muldoons, Kelley Stoltz, Dan Sartain, Turbo Fruits, Cheap Time, The Go, the Black Lips and many others.
In 2007, Blackwell was selected by Crain's Detroit Business magazine as one of their "Twenty in Their 20s", a yearly designation given to twenty emerging entrepreneurs in southeastern Michigan. Blackwell was selected for his work with his Cass Records label and was recognized for his commitment to the 7-inch vinyl format.
Writing.
Magazines.
Blackwell has written content for many magazines including Creem Magazine Online, Careless Talk Costs Lives, the Metro Times, Chunklet Magazine, Ugly Things, Arthur, Plan B and others.
Books.
Blackwell has also contributed work to the following books:
Other Writing Accomplishments.
Blackwell won Rolling Stone magazine's 2004 college journalism award in the field of entertainment for two tour diaries he wrote for Wayne State University's The South End paper in March 2003.
In November 2006 Blackwell started his own blog titled Tremble Under Boom Lights named after an EP by the band Jonathan Fire*Eater.
Blackwell's poem "The World's Most Important Swimmers" was selected by members of the Guerilla Poetics Project to be printed as a letterpressed broadside for the November 2008 installment of their program.
Solo Recording.
In November 2010, Blackwell self-released his debut solo album "I Remember When All This Was Trees" on his Cass Records imprint. Blackwell wrote, recorded and performed all the music on the album.
In March 2011 Blackwell participated in Esquire magazine's annual songwriting challenge along with Dierks Bentley, Dhani Harrison, Raphael Saadiq and Brendan Benson. Each performer was asked to write a song using the lyric "Last night in Detroit" and Blackwell's song "Bury My Body at Elmwood" is based around Elmwood Cemetery on the east side of Detroit.
Miscellaneous.
Since 2007 Blackwell has been a frequent contributor to Bagazine, a Mail Art "magazine in a bag" that focuses on "assemblage, handwork and print making, photography, painting, chapbooks, graphic design, typography, letterpress, Visual Poetry and the unusual."
In March 2010 an anonymous guerilla stickering campaign was started in Detroit asking "Where is Ben Blackwell?" Bumper stickers with this message can still be found in the Midtown neighborhood.
On March 1, 2014, Blackwell gave a lecture at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston titled "A Contemporary Record of Rock 'n' Roll" covering topics ranging from vinyl records, archiving, musical archeology and his personal experiences relating to them.
Currently Blackwell oversees vinyl record production at Jack White's Third Man Records in Nashville, Tennessee where his official job title is "Pinball Wizard."
Blackwell is a dropout of Wayne State University.

</doc>
<doc id="2901741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901741" title="GS1">
GS1

GS1 is a neutral, not-for-profit, international organisation that develops and maintains standards for supply and demand chains across multiple sectors.
With local Member Organisations in over 110 countries, GS1 works with communities of trading partners, industry organisations, governments and technology providers and responds to their business needs through the adoption and implementation of global standards.
GS1 has over a million member companies across the world, executing more than six billion transactions daily using GS1 standards. 
GS1 standards.
Most companies initially come to GS1 to get a bar code number for their products. However, GS1 standards provide a much wider framework for supply chain visibility. The current architecture of GS1 standards is as follows:
GS1 identification standards do not provide identification of country of origin for a given product. Member companies may manufacture products anywhere in the world.
Industry sectors.
GS1 is focused on three primary sectors:
Additionally, it does work in a number of other sectors as driven by local needs.
Links to other international standards organisations.
GS1 partners with the following international standard bodies:
History.
Key dates in GS1's history are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2901742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901742" title="Yemrehana Krestos">
Yemrehana Krestos

Yemrehana Krestos (called "Abraham" by Francisco Álvares) was "negus" of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. According to Taddesse Tamrat, he was the son of Germa Seyum, the brother of Tatadim; however the Italian scholar Carlo Conti Rossini published in 1902 a document that stated Yemrehana Krestos was the successor of Na'akueto La'ab, and succeeded by Yetbarak. According to a manuscript Pedro Páez and Manuel de Almeida saw at Axum, (where he is called "Imrah"), he ruled for 40 years a suspiciously round number.
Taddesse Tamrat describes him as the king of Ethiopia closest to a priest, noting that he insisted on ruling Ethiopia according to Apostolic canons. Stuart Munro-Hay speculates that "Abu Salih's description of the kings of Abyssinia as priests might have been based on information about this ruler that had reached Egypt. Francisco Alvarez also recorded the tradition that it was Yemrehana Krestos who began the tradition of confining rival heirs to the Imperial throne at Amba Geshen.
Yemrehana Krestos is credited with the construction of a stone church built in the Aksumite style, which bears his name. Located 12 miles northeast from Lalibela, Yemrehana Krestos Church was built in a large northeast-facing cave on the west side of Mount Abuna Yosef. Until the construction of a road in 2000, according to David Phillipson, this church was reachable only after "a long day's arduous journey on foot or mule.

</doc>
<doc id="2901751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901751" title="John Casey">
John Casey

John Casey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901759" title="The Gene Generation">
The Gene Generation

The Gene Generation is a 2007 Biopunk science fiction film about an assassin who battles DNA hackers. The film was directed by Pearry Teo, and stars Bai Ling, Parry Shen, Faye Dunaway, and Alec Newman.
Synopsis.
In a futuristic world, Michelle lives everyday battling with DNA Hackers who use their skills to hack into people's bodies and kill them. She is an assassin, battling her past demons and trying to keep her younger and extroverted brother, Jackie, out of trouble. When Jackie gets involved in a petty crime of robbery, he propels himself into the world of DNA Hackers, Shylocks (Loan Sharks) and Gang Fights. Wanting the respect that the world has never given to him only makes it harder for Jackie to peel himself away from the underground trades, against the hopes of his sister, Michelle. Michelle always wanted to leave the city and lead a calm and quiet lifestyle. As emotions and gunfire get into the way, Michelle and Jackie soon find themselves battling between their lives and finding out that in an immoral world, love can still survive; and that blood is thicker than water.
DVD release.
It was released on Region 1 DVD on January 27, 2009, with the Region 2 release following on April 27, 2009.
Soundtrack and score.
The soundtrack for the film features various tracks by Combichrist, Encephalon and Tribal Machine, while the score was composed by Scott Glasgow with additional music by Ronan Harris of VNV Nation. The score was released on CD by the Varèse Sarabande label in March 2009.
The following tracks are listed at the end of the film:
Sequel.
On February 4, 2010, it was revealed that a sequel, "The Gene Generation: War of the Bloodlines", was in development. Filming was due to begin in March 2010 and be completed by September 2010. However, since this announcement there have been no further details on the status of the production.

</doc>
