<doc id="2901765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901765" title="Cosmos bipinnatus">
Cosmos bipinnatus

Cosmos bipinnatus, commonly called the garden cosmos or Mexican aster, is a medium-sized flowering herbaceous plant native to Mexico. The species and its varieties and cultivars are popular as an ornamental plant in temperate climate gardens. It can also be found in natural areas in much of North America, where it is a garden escape (introduced species) and in some habitats becoming a weed.
Description.
"Cosmos bipinnatus" is considered a half-hardy annual, although plants may reappear via self-sowing for several years. The plant height varies from . The cultivated varieties appear in shades of pink and purple as well as white. Its foliage is finely cut into threadlike segments. When flowering, the plant can become top heavy. This problem is alleviated when grown in groups, as the bipinnate leaves interlock, and the colony supports itself.
Varieties.
Some of the varieties of "Cosmos bipinnatus" in cultivation today include:
(those marked have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit).
Cultivation.
Growth characteristics of this plant include:
Excessive rain can cause cultivation problems, due to the delicate nature of the stems. Heavy rain can cause breakage. "Cosmos bipinnatus" can tolerate heat as long as adequate moisture is provided, however, it does not handle droughts, strong winds or cold temperatures well. Snails, slugs and aphids have a taste for "Cosmos bipinnatus". Successfully cultivated plants can mature 2 to 4 feet x 12 to 18 inches.
Pollinators.
The flowers of "Cosmos bipinnatus" attract birds and butterflies, including the Monarch butterfly. It can be part of butterfly gardening and pollinators-honey bee habitat gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="2901770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901770" title="Shohreh Solati">
Shohreh Solati

Shohreh Solati () (born Fatemeh Solati in Tehran, Iran) is a well-known and popular Iranian singer. She has vast artistic skills in singing and performing. Since the Islamic Revolution in Iran, she has continued her music career in exile and achieved acclaim for her contribution to Iranian music.
Biography.
Born in Tehran on January 4, 1957 to a well-to-do family of artists and entertainers, Shohreh developed an interest in music early on - singing at seven years of age. She later went on to study at the National Iranian Music Conservatory, where she received training in singing and the clarinet. Her first album titled Dokhtar-e-Mashreghi (Eastern Girl) was successful, garnering some notability. Magazines directed toward the youth of Iran in the 1970s also gave exposure to the singer.
The Revolution.
Shortly before the Revolution in 1978, Shohreh left Iran to perform in a series of concerts in the United States and, due to restrictions imposed on entertainers by the new leadership, she was not able to return. So for the time being, she decided to settle down in New York City, where she married soon after. Since the revolution came unexpectedly, she and other exiled Iranian singers initially faced some difficulties to re-establish the community. However, after the birth of her daughter, Shohreh became more involved in her professional career.
Wider appeal.
Leaving behind New York, Shohreh moved to Los Angeles in 1982, settling with the exiled Iranian music industry of the 1970s, who also established in that city. Working with songwriters, composers and arrangers such as Mohammed Moqadam, Jaklin, Siavash Ghomeishi and Shubert Avakian, she produced and released several new albums. Most of these albums were nostalgic of the golden years of Iranian life just a few years before and thus appealed to a much wider audience, giving Shohreh's fame momentum. The yearning for Iran in Shohreh's music established a strong solidarity amongst the struggling Iranians who found comfort in her songs.
Her notable albums during this period include Jaan Jaan, Salam, Sedaayeh Paa and Shenidam. Throughout the late 1980s and 1990s, Solati managed to increase her appeal by the release of newer albums, each earning commendation. In the 1980s she had many concerts with Siavash Shams and Andy Madadian.
However, it was not until the release of the album Zan (1994) that she unequivocally garnered positive reviews from critics. The themes of her songs in that album not only highlighted greater recognition of women's rights, but they also underlined the importance of women's duties. 
At the turn of the millennium, Shohreh continued releasing more albums outreaching her popularity beyond the borders of Iran. With the best-seller releases of Ghesseh Goo, Saayeh, Atr, Safar, Pishooni, and Havas. She has rivaled the work of such singers as Leila Forouhar and Nooshafarin. Some have argued that Shohreh in fact has eclipsed these singers in the last few years. Her music albums produced outside of Iran have now outnumbered her numbers before the revolution. She has been credited to have given sold out performances in U.S., Canada, Norway, Denmark, Netherlands, Italy, Britain, Sweden, France, Switzerland, Germany, Cyprus, Turkey and Israel.
Recent involvements.
In 2008, Shohreh held a concert at Kodak Theatre to mark the release of her CD "Ashegham" which was a very successful concert.

</doc>
<doc id="2901782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901782" title="Mark Rathbun">
Mark Rathbun

Mark C. "Marty" Rathbun is a former senior executive of the Church of Scientology, who last held the post of Inspector General of the Religious Technology Center (RTC), the organization that is responsible for the protection and enforcement of all Dianetics and Scientology copyrights and trademarks.
As the lead inspector overseeing the Inspector General Network at the international level, his official duties as described by RTC were to investigate and correct "instances in which departure from a standard, policy or ethic could betray an organization’s service to its constituent public." The post is widely acknowledged as one of the most senior management functions in the hierarchy of the Church and its related organizations. Rathbun left the Church of Scientology in 2004 and is now an independent Scientologist.
Scientology.
According to his official biography, Rathbun became a Church staff member in 1978, and joined the RTC board in 1987. The biography also credits him with having played a major role in various Church victories, including the negotiation of the Church's tax exemption agreement with the Internal Revenue Service in 1993. In 1998, Florida newspaper the "St. Petersburg Times" described Rathbun as "top lieutenant" to Scientology leader David Miscavige.
In 1997, "The New York Times" reported that according to an internal Scientology publication, Rathbun and Miscavige jump-started stalled negotiations over Scientology's tax status when they made an unscheduled visit to I.R.S. Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg, Jr. at the Internal Revenue Service headquarters in Washington in October 1991. The Church of Scientology and Rathbun later denied that there had been an unscheduled meeting between Goldberg, Rathbun and Miscavige that day. The Church said that "While an internal publication of three years ago does recount Mr. Miscavige approaching the I.R.S., it never states he was granted an unscheduled meeting on demand." Rathbun, in a separate letter to the "New York Times", explained that the first meeting he and Miscavige had with Goldberg and other I.R.S. officials was approximately one month after their impromptu visit to the I.R.S. building.
As a Scientology spokesman, Rathbun commented to the same newspaper on the involvement of celebrities in Scientology, saying that "Scientology works for these people, and they just want to give to others what works for them. We don't give them a badge and send them out. They do it on their own." When discussing reluctance among some established churches to collaborate with Scientology under the umbrella of an interfaith organization, he was also quoted as saying that "Bigotry is born out of ignorance."
Tom Cruise confessional files.
In May 2010, Rathbun asserted that during his tenure as Inspector General of the Religious Technology Center, Scientology leader David Miscavige issued him orders that the auditing sessions of celebrity Scientology member, actor Tom Cruise, be secretly videotaped. Rathbun had himself been the individual responsible for performing auditing counseling with Cruise. Rathbun wrote on his blog that he had been tasked with auditing Cruise during the period in 2001 directly after he had separated from Nicole Kidman. Rathbun wrote, "I audited a number of intensives of confessionals on Tom Cruise from July through November 2001. ... By order of Miscavige many of those sessions were secretly recorded by a well-concealed video camera and voice recorder system built into the VIP auditing room at Celebrity Center International." Rathbun subsequently learned that transcripts of the videotapes of Cruise were brought to meetings where they would be discussed by top management of Scientology. Rathbun wrote that Miscavige would read out information from the reports about Cruise's auditing sessions, "While sipping scotch whiskey at the end of the night, Miscavige would read Tom’s overts and withholds ... joking and laughing about the content of Tom’s confessions."
The nature of what was discussed in the confessional sessions by Cruise was not revealed. Rathbun ceased the filming of Cruise in 2002, because he felt it was unethical. Rathbun left the organization in 2004, and since then has given counselling to former members of Scientology. In a post on his blog, Rathbun wrote a statement addressed to Cruise, "Wake up, Tom. It is not too late. Though, time is getting very, very short." , representatives for Cruise had not yet responded to the statements made by Rathbun.
Tony Ortega, Editor-in-Chief of "The Village Voice", described the statements by Rathbun about the use of Cruise's confessional files as "some of the most damning statements against his former employer." Lynn Hayes of "Beliefnet" discussed the revelations by Rathbun, writing, "Religion in any form provides a solid structure that can offer comfort and security, and departure from that security can be frightening and painful. As humans we always have a choice, and it will be interesting to see how Tom Cruise and the Church of Scientology manage this revelation." "El Tiempo" commented, "Although Tom Cruise is a staunch supporter and defender of Scientology, apparently other members of this doctrine do not profess the same devotion to the actor."
Departure from the Church of Scientology.
Rathbun left the Church of Scientology in 2004 and is now an independent Scientologist providing counselling and auditing services for other Scientologists who have cut their ties with the Church of Scientology. He emerged as a critical source in a 2009 "St. Petersburg Times" expose on the organization, stating that physical violence is a common occurrence within Scientology management, and that Miscavige regularly beats his staff, or orders staff to administer beatings to designated individuals – accusations which the Church of Scientology categorically denies. This reporting series by the "St. Petersburg Times" titled "Inside Scientology: The Truth Rundown" was recognized with honors including the 2010 Gold Medal for Public Service award from the Florida Society of News Editors, and was a finalist for the 2010 National Headliner Awards in the category of investigative reporting.
In late December 2009, his blog and email accounts were "hacked and hijacked." Rathbun restored his accounts shortly after.
Documentary "Scientologists at War".
A one-hour feature on Mark Rathbun titled "Scientologists at War" directed by Joseph Martin and produced by Danielle Clark and Michael Simkin was broadcast on June 17, 2013, on British Channel Four. The program was part of Channel 4′s "First Cut" series, which features the work of up-and-coming talent in documentary film making.
The feature, a rare insider view of the Church of Scientology, investigated the pressure tactics used by the "Squirrel Busters" affiliated to the organization to discredit and silence members who leave the church. It highlighted the story of Mark Rathbun, his role in Scientology, his fall out with Scientology leader David Miscavige, his attempts to further the cause of an independent Scientology movement, his confrontations with the "Squirrel Busters" and the repurcussions on his family life.
On November 10, 2013, "The Passionate Eye", an investigative TV series rebroadcast the program as a premiere in Canada on CBC Television.

</doc>
<doc id="2901783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901783" title="Tarek Shahin">
Tarek Shahin

Tarek Shahin (born 1982) is an Egyptian cartoonist. He has had works published in Egyptian mainstream media and in the United States. He is currently authoring 'Al Khan,' Egypt's first English-language comic strip, on the pages of The Daily News Egypt newspaper. In 2007, he wrote and animated a special feature for Al Jazeera English on its popular show, The Listening Post with Richard Gizbert.

</doc>
<doc id="2901789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901789" title="Cuddlefish">
Cuddlefish

Cuddlefish may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901790" title="Ossetian literature">
Ossetian literature

Ossetian (or Ossetic) literature is expressed in the Ossetian language, an Iranian language of Caucasus.
The Ossetian literature is comparatively young, with its first specimen published in the 1890s. Its golden age was in the years after the October Revolution in Russia, when local languages received a significant impact.
The most popular motives of the Ossetic literature are:
and others.
The Ossetian writers and poets use the rich fund of traditional lyrics and the Nart epic ("epos").
Poets.
and others.
Prose writers.
and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2901795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901795" title="Bill Shanks">
Bill Shanks

Bill Shanks is a sports broadcaster and writer.
Personal life.
Shanks lives in Macon, Georgia. Shanks, originally from Waycross, Georgia, is a graduate of the University of Georgia. Shanks was a television sports anchor at WBSG in Brunswick, Georgia and WGXA in Macon, Georgia. Shanks also had a sports production company and produced and hosted weekly television shows with the Atlanta Braves, the Atlanta Hawks, and the Atlantic Sun Conference.
Professional background.
Bill Shanks hosts "The Bill Shanks Show" on WPLA Fox Sports 1670 in Macon. Shanks' show is also on WCOH Fox Sports Radio 1400 in Newnan. Shanks is also a columnist for The Macon Telegraph and hosts a weekly high school football show called The End Zone on WMGT-TV 41 NBC. Shanks has covered the Atlanta Braves for Fox Sports South.com and Scout.com. In 2006 Shanks was one of the co-hosts of the Braves Wrap-Up Show on the Atlanta Braves Radio Network.
Shanks started his daily radio show in March 2007 on WIFN 105.5 The Fan in Macon. The show was canceled on February 9, 2009. Six weeks later, on March 23, 2009, Shanks' show was back on the air on the Clear Channel affiliate.
Shanks has provided Braves' reports on radio stations in Athens, Georgia on WRFC, in Spartanburg, SC on WSPG and in Florence, AL on WYTK.
Shanks wrote a book called "Scout's Honor: The Bravest Way to Build a Winning Team". It is both Shanks answer to Moneyball and the story of how the Braves became the successful organization that they are today. From telling how John Schuerholz rose through the ranks to telling about the tales of individual Braves prospects, from Jeff Francoeur, Brian McCann, Adam LaRoche, John Smoltz, and Adam Wainwright.

</doc>
<doc id="2901800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901800" title="Gebre Mesqel Lalibela">
Gebre Mesqel Lalibela

Gebre Mesqel Lalibela (reign early 13th century), also called simply Lalibela, which means "the bees recognise his sovereignty" in Old Agaw, was "negus" or king of Ethiopia and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. He is also considered a saint by the Ethiopian church. According to Taddesse Tamrat, he was the son of Jan Seyum and brother of Kedus Harbe. Tradition states that he reigned for 40 years. According to Getachew Makonnen Hasen, his reign was from 1181 to 1221. He is best known as the king who either built or commissioned the monolithic churches of Lalibela.
Biography.
King Lalibela was born at either Adefa or Roha (it was later named Lalibela after him) in Bugna. He was given the name "Lalibela" due to a swarm of bees said to have surrounded him at his birth, which his mother took as a sign of his future reign as Emperor of Ethiopia. Tradition states that he went into exile due to the hostility of his uncle Tatadim and his brother king Kedus Harbe, and was almost poisoned to death by his half-sister. Because Lalibela came to power during his brother's lifetime, Taddesse Tamrat suspects that he came to power by force of arms.
Lalibela is said to have seen Jerusalem in a vision and then attempted to build a new Jerusalem as his capital in response to the capture of old Jerusalem by Muslims in 1187. As such, many features of the town of Lalibela have Biblical names including the town's river, known as the River Jordan. The city remained the capital of Ethiopia from the late 12th century and into the 13th century.
Details about the construction of his 11 monolithic churches at Lalibela have been lost. The later "Gadla Lalibela", a hagiography of the king, states that he carved these churches out of stone with only the help of angels.
His chief queen was Masqal Kibra, about whom a few traditions have survived. She induced Abuna Mikael to make her brother Hirun bishop, and a few years later the Abuna left Ethiopia for Egypt, complaining that Hirun had usurped his authority. Another tradition states that she convinced king Lalibela abdicate in favor of his nephew Na'akueto La'ab, but after 18 months of his nephew's misrule she convinced Lalibela to resume the throne. Taddesse Tamrat suspects that the end of Lalibela's rule was not actually this amiable, and argues that this tradition masks a brief usurpation of Na'akueto La'ab, whose reign was ended by Lalibela's son, Yetbarak. Getachew Mekonnen credits her with having one of the rock-hewn churches, Bet Abba Libanos, built as a memorial for Lalibela after his death.
Unlike the other Zagwe kings, a sizeable amount of written material has survived about his reign, besides the "Gadla Lalibela". An embassy from the Patriarch of Alexandria visited Lalibela's court around 1210, and have left an account of him, and Na'akueto La'ab and Yetbarak. The Italian scholar Carlo Conti Rossini has also edited and published the several land grants that survive from his reign.

</doc>
<doc id="2901801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901801" title="Lasar Segall">
Lasar Segall

The artist Lasar Segall (July 21, 1891 – August 2, 1957) was a Brazilian Jewish painter, engraver and sculptor born in Lithuania. Segall's work is derived from impressionism, expressionism and modernism. His most significant themes were depictions of human suffering, war, persecution and prostitution.
Biography.
Impressionist stages.
Segall was born in Vilnius, Lithuania and was the son of a Torah scribe. Segall moved to Berlin at the age of 15 and studied first at Berlin Königliche Akademie der Künste from 1906 to 1910. At the end of 1910 he moved to Dresden to continue his studies at the Kunstakademie Dresden as a "Meisterschüler".
Expressionist Forum.
Segall published a book of five etchings in Dresden, "Sovenirs of Vilna" in 1919, and two books illustrated with lithographs titled "Bubu and die Sanfte". He then began to express himself more freely and developed his own style, which incorporated aspects of Cubism, while exploring his own Jewish background. His earlier paintings throughout 1910 to the early 1920s depicted troubled figures surrounded in claustrophobic surroundings with exaggerated and bold features, influenced by African tribal figures.
In 1912 his first painted series of works were conducted in an elderly insane asylum. Segall's work largely portrayed the masses of persecuted humanity in his Expressionist form. Later that year, he moved to São Paulo, Brazil, where three of his siblings were already living.
He returned to Dresden in 1914 and was still quite active in the Expressionist style. In 1919 Segall founded the 'Dresdner Sezession Gruppe 1919' with Otto Dix, Conrad Felixmüller, Otto Lange and other artists. Segall's exhibition at the Galery Gurlitt received multiple awards. However successful Segall was in Europe, he had already been greatly influenced by his time spent in Brazil, which had already transformed both his style and his subject matter. The visit to Brazil gave Segall the opportunity to obtain a strong idea of South American art and, in turn, made Segall return to Brazil yet again.
Beginnings in Brazil: Modernist trends.
Though Segall was still a Russian citizen, he moved back to Brazil in 1923. Upon Segall's return to São Paulo he obtained Brazilian citizenship along with his first wife, Margarete.
While in Brazil, his paintings were influenced heavily by the Red Light District in Rio de Janeiro. Many Brazilian artists influenced Segall's subject matter and strengthened his Cubist form. He became acclimated within his newfound country and painted themes contributing to Brazil's countryside, mulattoes, favelas, prostitutes and plantations. Due to the harsh and extreme nature of Segall's portrayal of prostitutes and his depiction of human suffering, his artwork became controversial. This particular controversy in his artwork caused he and other well known artists to organize a pro Modernist event known as the Semana de Arte Moderna.
In the year 1923, the Semana de Arte Moderna was organized Segall included, being one of the mainstream forerunners in the art exhibition. The week long event included Segall's work, as well as Anita Malfatti's largely controversial artwork. Not only were paintings included, but performances and other art forms were conducted at the event. Segall's avant garde innovations ranked him highly among other Brazilian outstanding modern artists during that time, like Candido Portinari and Emiliano Di Cavalcanti.
Though Segall had great intentions of residing only in Brazil, he continued to return and forth to Europe for his own personal exhibitions. In 1925, Segall became extremely close to his pupil Jenny Klabin and eventually married her.
Sociedade Pro-Arte Moderna (SPAM).
In 1932, shortly after Segall's multiple visits to Paris and Germany he founded an organization along with other artists known as Sociedade Pro-Arte Moderna (SPAM). The organization was short lived (November 1932 - December 1934). Similar to the Semana de Arte Moderna, the organization included members of São Paulo's earliest modernist forerunners. SPAM's central idea was to serve as a link between artists, intellectuals, collectors, patrons, and the public as a whole. SPAM was also created to serve as a public environment for vanguard art in Brazil.
SPAM consisted of two exhibitions. The first exhibition showed works from the artists of the School of Paris from multiple São Paulo collections which acknowledged Brazilian artists of the time. The controversial Modernist artist, Tarsila do Amaral, also held her artworks in the exhibition as well as works of local artists such as Anita Malfatti, Victor Brecheret, John Graz, Regina Graz and Rossi Osir. The second half of the exhibition consisted of solely Brazilian artists from São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro- such as di Cavalcanti, Ismael Nery, Portinari and Alberto da Veiga Guignard.
Also similar to the Semana de Arte Moderna, two significant "balls" were held by the leaders of the organization. The rooms in which the balls were held were named "Cidade de SPAM" ("City of SPAM"). Though these balls seemed to be fund raising events, they were merely performances to make audiences think about the ever changing movement in Brazil. They consisted of live musical acts, dancers, built scenery and artwork and ornate costumes. The sets were meant to portray "mini towns", and SPAM even had its own newspapers, anthem and multiple governing bodies.
Segall's works included in the SPAM exhibition were two of his most important series of paintings in 1935; "Campos do Jordao landscapes" and the "Portraits of Lucy". Lucy was an understudy pupil and Segall conducted a series of images dedicated to her. "Campos do Jordao landscapes" and the "Portraits of Lucy" depicted the world's outbreak of war, it portrayed genocides and indefinite tragedy.
The organization of SPAM fought for justice yet, disagreements arose between Integralists, known as Brazilian Fascists, that discriminated against foreigners in Brazil, especially Jews. With this large amount of controversy and intolerable strain on SPAM's membership, the group soon fell apart. A defeated Segall meant that the driving force behind the organization, had discouragingly, come to an end.
Controversy in Europe.
Segall's work was still gaining much positive credit still in Brazil, despite the dissolution of SPAM. The positive feedback considers Segall one of Brazil's most influential modernist artists. Although, back in Europe, his work was considered degenerate and preposterous. Specifically in Germany, his artwork was no longer able to be shown in exhibits. Fascism was rising quickly in Germany and many believed Segall's work to portray negatively on Europe's economic status due to the largely acknowledged outbreak of war.
This particular negative impact on his artwork then forced Segall to create a series of images of his troubled Jewish childhood and to depict the large amount of emigration waves that he grew up with, as well. These images also portrayed universal suffering of human existence.
Later years.
Still haunted by Rio de Janeiro's "Mangue", Segall created images that stayed throughout his late career. Much of his earlier impact of human suffering led Segall to create one of his most famous artworks in 1939 and 1940, known as "Navio de emigrantes" (Ship of Emigrants). The image depicts a heavily condensed and large amount of people on the dock of a ship. Although this does not coincide with much of Segall's previous work of human suffering, this provides the audience with a deep depiction of (at the time) the contemporary and controversial waves of emigrants and human affliction and persecution.
Later in the mid-1940s, Segall published his series of "Mangue" drawings that revealed poverty, specifically in the Rio de Janeiro slums. Becoming wholeheartedly closer to his Brazilian nationality, Segall portrays these images in a stark manner, yet the underprivileged and oppressed images provides a significant cultural identity for the Rio de Janeiro inhabitants.
In 1949 till his death in 1957, he continued to work on engraving and painting "Mangue" as well as producing a series entitled "Wandering" "Women" and "Forests".
Subject matter and themes.
Segall's subject matter was portrayed more subtly and softer in his early career. He did not depict much of the African influence on his artwork until he moved to Brazil. It was not until Segall visited Brazil for the first few times, that he branched out towards the Expressionist style. He was able to express himself in a freer manner while he portrayed the lifelong theme of his Jewish culture depicting the tribulations of European Jews. Although he was a humanist, he never forgot his Jewish roots.
Segall's initial paintings in Brazil reflect a strong national connection and passion for his newfound homeland. He portrayed the landscapes in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro and portrayed the different races without tension or malintention. However, Segall remained faithful towards his Cubist nature throughout the majority of his artworks. Specifically, one of his famous artworks, entitled "Banana Plantation", shows a Brazilian banana plantation, thick in density. Segall achieved balance in this painting by centering the worker's neck and head protruding from the bottom of the painting. This causes the audience to be fully focused towards the center space. This significant symmetrical balance emphasizes the human element involved in the Brazilian agricultural system. The diminished amount of slavery in Brazil during this time period, the 1920s, abolished Brazilian-Negro slaves and replaced them with an overwhelming amount of European workers coming to Brazil. This particular image portrays the engulfment of the plantations by the Europeans.
Other prominent theme in Segall's work is "human suffering" and "emigration". In another famous artwork of Segall's, entitled "Ship of Emigrants", a ship dock is overcrowded and engulfed with emigrant passengers. Not only does the image portray a dark and saddening emotion, but it significantly portrays the troubled figures aboard the ship. The solemn faces and lack of expression on the passengers blatantly shows the harsh reality of emigrants and their depressing lifestyles of forced moves.
Museu Lasar Segall.
Lasar Segall's home in São Paulo is now a museum, furnished with his furniture, books and plants, as well his most famous works. It is also a non-profit organization respected highly among the community of São Paulo.
Museu Lasar Segall is also a center for the art community in São Paulo to participate in monitored cultural activities regularly. Art classes such as photography, engraving and the study of film are held in Segall's home. Also incorporated in the Museum is a large, highly acclaimed art library that holds specific books directed towards photography and the arts of spectacle.
The Museu Lasar Segall is preserved to explore the stimulating experiences within multiple forms of art while still keeping a Brazilian cultural identity. The form of art conducted in Brazil is of one entirely different than other art forms. The Museum is intact today because of Brazil's concern to maintain their strong nationality and to preserve Lasar Segall's culturally influenced art dedicated for Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="2901803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901803" title="Arthur Murch">
Arthur Murch

Arthur Murch (1902–1989) Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1949 with a portrait of Bonar Dunlop. He was interested in the French post-Impressionists, Cézanne and Seurat. His style later became more cubist. He was appointed as an official war artist for six months during the Second World War covering the American military activities in Australia. 47 works of his are in the Australian War Memorial's collection.

</doc>
<doc id="2901812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901812" title="1980 CFL season">
1980 CFL season

The 1980 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 27th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 23rd Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1980.
The Canadian Football League signed a three-year television contract with Carling O'Keefe Breweries for $15.6 million.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Edmonton Eskimos are the 1980 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, 48–10, at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. Edmonton won their third-straight championship. The Eskimos' Warren Moon (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Dale Potter (LB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence and the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2901816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901816" title="Na'akueto La'ab">
Na'akueto La'ab

Na'akueto La'ab was "negus" of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. According to Taddesse Tamrat, he was the son of Kedus Harbe. Richard Pankhurst credits him with the creation of the church located in a cave a half-day's journey from the town of Lalibela. According to a manuscript Pedro Páez and Manuel de Almeida saw at Axum, Na'akueto La'ab ruled for 40 years, a suspiciously round number.
A "Gadla" or hagiography of Na'akueto La'ab exists, in a manuscript written in the 17th century. According to Huntingford, it documents that Zagwe power had extended into Gojjam, and credits the king with building two churches: one at Sewa'a "which is said to have been called Wagra Sehin ('mountain of incense') 'among Celestrial', and Ashetan or Asheten 'among Terrestrials'", which Huntingford identifies with an existing church named Ashetan Maryam, a monolithic structure located a few kilometers east of Lalibela; the other in the land of Qoqhena, which was given a "tabot" from a desecrated church dedicated to Istifanos.
Tradition states that queen Masqal Kibra convinced her husband, King Lalibela, to abdicate in favor of Na'akueto La'ab, but 18 months later when the young king's soldiers appropriated a poor farmer's only cow for the king's dinner table, she convinced Lalibela to resume the throne. Taddesse Tamrat suspects that the end of Lalibela's rule was not in truth this peaceful. He argues that this tradition masks a brief period when Na'akueto La'ab "was no doubt a rallying point for disaffected elements in the country, and although kept under close watch managed to usurp the throne for a brief period until Yetbarak managed to take his father's throne."

</doc>
<doc id="2901823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901823" title="Tonarigumi">
Tonarigumi

The was the smallest unit of the national mobilization program established by the Japanese government in World War II. It consisted of units consisting of 10-15 households organized for fire fighting, civil defense and internal security. 
History & Development.
Neighborhood mutual-aid associations existed in Japan since before the Edo period. The system was formalized on 11 September 1940 by order of the Home Ministry (Japan) under the cabinet of Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoye. Participation was mandatory. Each unit was responsible for allocating rationed goods, distributing government bonds, fire fighting, public health, and civil defense. Each unit was also responsible for assisting the National Spiritual Mobilization Movement, by distribution of government propaganda, and organizing participation in patriotic rallies. 
The government also found the "tonarigumi" useful for the maintenance of public security. A network of informants was established linking every neighborhood association with the Tokkō Police to watch for possible infractions of national laws, and suspect political or immoral behavior. 
"Tonarigumi" were also organized in territories occupied by Japan, including Manchukuo, Mengjiang, and the Wang Jingwei Government, and later in occupied territories of Southeast Asia, with the same purposes.
Later in the Pacific War, the "tonarigumi" received basic military training to serve as observers for enemy planes over cities or suspicious boats on the coasts. In the final stages of war, it was intended that the tonarigumi form a secondary militia, in the case of enemy invasion. Some "tonarigumi" took part in combat in Manchukuo, northern Chōsen and Karafuto, in the closing days of the Pacific War.
Formally abolished in 1947 by the American occupation authorities, the system survives to a certain extent in the modern "chonaikai", or "jichikai" which are nominally independent voluntary associations, but which retain a quasi-governmental status in that they have limited responsibility for local administration and coordination of activities such as neighborhood watch and disaster relief.

</doc>
<doc id="2901824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901824" title="Classical music riot">
Classical music riot

A classical music riot is violent, disorderly behavior that occurs upon (usually) the premiere of a controversial piece of classical music.
Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="2901826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901826" title="Henry Hanke">
Henry Hanke

Henry Hanke (1901-1989) was born in Sydney in 1901. He was an Australian painter and teacher, who won the Archibald Prize in 1934 with a self-portrait, and the inaugural Sulman Prize in 1936 with his painting 'La Gitana'. 
Hanke was a war artist during the Second World War, during which he completed many paintings in New Guinea. He was the first war artist into Milne Bay after the Australians inflicted the first defeat on Japanese troops in World War Two. Hanke was later made a director of the Royal Art Society art school. 
Hanke was a friend of Sydney artists Graeme Inson and Ivy Shore, and often visited them. Hanke was one of the five artists Ivy Shore (winner of the Portia Geach Memorial Art Award in 1979) called her "Inspirations". Ivy Shore's painting of these five artists, titled "Inspirations", now hangs in the Dundee Arms Hotel in Sussex Street, Sydney, which was Graeme Inson and Ivy Shore's studio in the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2901833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901833" title="Heinrich Wendland">
Heinrich Wendland

Heinrich Ludolph (Ludwig) Wendland (29 April 1791, Hanover – 15 July 1869, Teplice) was a botanist who authored a number of "Acacia" species.
Heinrich Wendland was born on 29 April 1791 into a family well known in botany. His father Johann had published a number of botanical books including the notable "Botanische Beobachtungen nebst einigen neuen Gattungen und Arten". Heinrich studied in Göttingen after some years of apprenticeship in Vienna and London. He became a gartenmeister in 1827 and later was director of Herrenhausen Gardens at Herrenhausen, today part of Hanover. In 1820 he published "Commentatio de Acacias aphyllii", in which he authored a number of new "Acacia" species. He died in Teplice, Bohemia on 15 July 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="2901836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901836" title="Society Hill, Philadelphia">
Society Hill, Philadelphia

Society Hill is a neighborhood in the Center City section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The neighborhood, loosely defined as bounded by Walnut, Lombard, Front and 8th Streets, contains the largest concentration of original 18th- and early 19th-century residential architecture of any place in the United States. Society Hill is noted as a charming district with cobblestone streets bordered by brick rowhouses in Federal and Georgian style.
History.
The district is named after the 18th century Free Society of Traders, which had its offices at Front Street on the hill above Dock Creek. Located close to both the Delaware River and Philadelphia's civic buildings, including the Independence Hall, the neighborhood soon became one of the city's most populous areas.
Several market halls, taverns and churches were built alongside brick houses of Philadelphia's affluent citizens.
In the 19th century, the city expanded westward and the area lost its appeal. Houses deteriorated, and by the 1940s, Society Hill had become a slum neighborhood, one of the worst in the city. In the 1950s, the city, state and federal governments began one of the first urban renewal programs aimed at the preservation of historic buildings. While most commercial 19th-century buildings were demolished, historically-significant houses were restored by occupants or taken over by the Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority and sold to individuals who agreed to restore the exteriors. Replicas of 18th-century street lights and brick sidewalks were added to enhance the colonial atmosphere. Empty lots and demolished buildings were replaced with parks, walkways, and modern townhouses.
From 1957-1959, the Greater Philadelphia Movement, the Redevelopment Authority and the Old Philadelphia Development Corporation bought around Dock Street. They demolished and relocated the Dock Street market, setting aside of land that would become the Society Hill Towers.
In 1957, Edmund Bacon, the executive director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission, awarded developer-architect firm Webb and Knapp the competition for the redevelopment of Society Hill. Architect I. M. Pei and his team designed a plan for three 31-story Society Hill Towers and low-rise buildings. The Towers and townhouses project was completed in 1964, while the entire plan was completed in 1977. Architect Louis Sauer designed dozens of rowhouse projects for the area around Society Hill, including Waverly Court and Penn's Landing Square.
Historic buildings in Society Hill include the Society Hill Synagogue, built in 1829 as a Baptist church by Philadelphia architect Thomas U. Walter, one of the architects of the United States Capitol in Washington, DC. The synagogue was entered into the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. Another notable building is St. Peter's Church, constructed between 1758 and 1761 by Robert Smith.
The Society Hill Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971. In 1999, it was listed on the Philadelphia Register of Historic Places.
Education.
Society Hill residents are assigned to schools in the School District of Philadelphia. Residents are zoned to the General George A. McCall School, located in Society Hill, for grades Kindergarten through 8 and Furness High School for high school.
Public library.
The Free Library of Philadelphia operates the Independence Branch at 18 South 7th Street.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2901840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901840" title="Volunteer Fighting Corps">
Volunteer Fighting Corps

They were the Japanese equivalent of the German Volkssturm. Its Commander-in-Chief was former Prime Minister General Koiso Kuniaki.
History.
Volunteer Corps.
In March 1945, the cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Kuniaki Koiso passed a law establishing the creation of unarmed civil defense units, . With the assistance of the "Taisei Yokusankai" political party, the "tonarigumi" and Great Japan Youth Party, units were created by June 1945.
The "Kokumin Giyūtai" was not combatant, but working unit for fire service, food production, and evacuation. All male civilians between the ages of 12 to 65 years, and females of 12 to 45 years were members. They received training on fire fighting techniques and elementary first aid.
Reformation as militia.
In April 1945, the Japanese cabinet resolved on reforming "Kokumin Giyūtai" into civilian militia. In June, the cabinet passed a special conscription law, and named the militia units .
The "Kokumin Giyū Sentōtai" would be organized, if the Allied landing unit close to the Japanese homeland. Governors of Prefectures could conscript all male civilians between the ages of 15 to 60 years, and unmarried females of 17 to 40 years. Commanders were appointed from retired military personnel and civilians with weapons experience.
Combat training sessions were held. But, the "Kokumin Giyū Sentōtai" was primarily assigned to support tasks such as construction, transportation and rationing.
The "Kokumin Giyū Sentōtai" was intended as main reserve along with a "second defense line" for Japanese forces to sustain a war of attrition against invading forces. After the Allied invasion, these forces were intended to form resistance or guerilla warfare cells in cities, towns, or mountains.
Strength.
Some 28,000,000 men and women were considered "combat capable" by the end of June 1945, yet only about 2,000,000 of them were recruited when the war ended, and most of them did not experience combat due to Japan's surrender before the Allied invasion of the Japanese home islands. The Battle of Okinawa took place before the formation of Volunteer Fighting Corps. At this stage of the war, the lack of modern weaponry and ammunition meant that most were armed with swords or even bamboo spears.
Within Japan proper, the "Kokumin Giyū Sentōtai" were never used in combat, except in South Sakhalin (the Battle of Okinawa occurred before its formal inception). And the similar units organized in Japanese exterior provinces were used in battle. The units in Chosen, Kwangtung and Manchukuo sustained heavy casualties in combat against the Soviet Union during the Soviet invasion of Manchuria during the last days of World War II.
The "Kokumin Giyūtai" was abolished by order of the American occupation forces after the surrender of Japan.
Equipment.
The "Kokumin Giyu Sentōtai" units were theoretically armed with weapons including:
In actuality, mostly only much less sophisticated arms were available:
However, "Type 4" grenades were in plentiful enough supply due to their ease of manufacture.
See also.
Other nations:

</doc>
<doc id="2901846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901846" title="Thunder Mountain">
Thunder Mountain

Thunder Mountain may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2901848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901848" title="Ernest Buckmaster">
Ernest Buckmaster

Ernest William Buckmaster (1897–1968) Australian artist born in Victoria who won the Archibald Prize in 1932 with a portrait of Sir William Irvine.
Buckmaster studied at the National Gallery School in Melbourne [http://www.wessexgallery.com.au/australian_paintings.php?PHPSESSID=a5ab7116f8331ce513f56f9019662a13]. 
He became a painter of traditional portraits and landscapes with a substantial workrate.
His work has been widely popular in Australia and New Zealand; public art galleries in Australia and New Zealand hold large collections of his work. Buckmaster disliked modern art, publicly denigrating it in letters to a newspaper.
Buckmaster was a Second World War official war artist for the Australian military's Military History Section Part of his duties took him to Singapore [http://www.diggerhistory2.info/post-war/1949/chapter14.htm.
Buckmaster's work is on loan to the Windsor Hotel in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="2901853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901853" title="Manhigut Yehudit">
Manhigut Yehudit

Manhigut Yehudit (מנהיגות יהודית "Jewish Leadership") is a movement started by Moshe Feiglin and Shmuel Sackett to lead the State of Israel with, in their words, "authentic Jewish values." This has been widely interpreted, both by Manhigut supporters and outside observers, as closer to Orthodox Judaism but without a Galut or Exile Mentality. The movement opposes religious coercion, and wants Jewish identity as prescribed by the Tanakh or Bible and authentic Jewish teachings to become Israel's official culture. 
In 2005, Manhigut Yehudit became the largest faction within the Likud Central Committee, the body that decides Likud Party policy.
Background.
Manhigut Yehudit was founded in 1998. It applied to run in the 1999 elections as an independent party, but pulled out before election day. In the 2003 elections Feiglin was refused permission to run on the Likud list by the Central Elections Committee as Israeli law that states that a person convicted of a crime of "moral turpitude" within the last seven years may not be elected to the Knesset (Feiglin was convicted of blocking Israeli roads in acts of civil disobedience to protest the Oslo Accords in the early 1990s as a co-leader of the Zo Artzeinu movement). Otherwise, he would have taken 38th place on Likud's list and been elected to the Knesset. There was considerable controversy regarding whether blocking roads in political protest could be considered "moral turpitude".
Manhigut has received much media attention and has been the subject of controversy: it has been criticized by the Israeli left and center for its close ties to the radical Israeli right of Religious Zionism. Conversely, the same radical right has characterized the Manhigut project as "naive" in thinking that it can re-shape Israeli politics by "infiltrating" the largely secular (and debatably, pragmatic) right-wing Likud party. Some critics also say that Manhigut diverts valuable resources and supporters that could otherwise be going into other right-wing organizations. Another complaint has been that the Israeli public is significantly more likely to vote for a secular right-Likud than a national-religious one.
Despite all this, Manhigut has a devoted following, both in Israel and abroad, many of whom see Feiglin's "moderate" and long-term approach to work within the parliamentary system (and specifically, to slowly and eventually gain control of the Likud as a powerful bloc) as refreshingly innovative, if not ingenious. They also praise the movement's commitment to Israeli democracy and non-violence (although some detractors note, ironically, that the ultimate goal of Manhigut seems to be to use democracy to replace Israeli law with Halakha).
Jewish philosophy.
Moshe Feiglin has defined Jewishness as primarily being a culture and people, not merely a "religion", citing that the Torah refers to Jews as "Am Yisrael" or "The Nation of Israel". (It should be noted, however, that unlike other proponents of similar philosophies, such as Reconstructionist Judaism or Humanistic Judaism, Feiglin still stresses full adherence to Orthodox law. Furthermore, this is no major novelty in Orthodox Judaism; a casual perusal of Rabbinic literature will leave no doubt that the Jewish nation is just that – a nation created to demonstrate God's mastery and involvement in the world. The only question has been, in galut, are Jews to themselves attempt to restore practical Jewish statehood or not. Only since the Enlightenment era has the notion arisen, through Reform Judaism, that Jews are "Germans of the Mosaic persuasion", i.e. only a religion and not a people.) In an interview, Feiglin strongly criticized the "modern" tendency to view Judaism through the prism of "only" being a religion, going so far as to link the practice with one of the biggest villains in Jewish tradition, Haman:
Manhigut's mission statement, as expressed by co-founder Shmuel Sackett is ""Turning the state of the Jews into the Jewish State."" [http://www.jewishisrael.org/views/sackett/66/sackett_6604.htm]
Its ultimate vision and goal is to, in the words of the daily Aleinu prayer, ""perfect the world in the Kingdom of the Almighty"." All of the organization's newsletters end with this statement.
Manhigut post-Kadima.
Ariel Sharon's 2005 split from the Likud resulted in a power vacuum among the leadership of his former party. In December 2005, the top three favorites running for Likud Party Chairman were Binyamin Netanyahu and Silvan Shalom, with Moshe Feiglin running a distant third.
While Feiglin and his supporters remained optimistic about his chances of winning the position, in the last weeks before the primary there were calls from both the center-right and the Religious Zionist movement for him to withdraw from the race. The present Yesha Council Chairman, Bentzi Lieberman, who endorsed Netanyahu, went so far as to characterize Feiglin's plan to co-opt the Likud as a "moral failure" In response, Feiglin compared his detractors with "a battered woman who covers the bruises on her face with make-up and keeps going back to her husband."[http://www.israelnn.com/news.php3?id=94999
In mid-December, Netanyahu won the election for Chairman with 47% of the vote. Shalom came in second with 32%. Feiglin won 12.5% of the votes, up from 3% the first time he ran in 2003. Two years later, in 2007, he came in second behind Netanyahu with 24% of the vote. 
Many left-wing and centrist politicians, as well as some journalists, agreed with Feiglin's assessment, asserting that while he did not come close to winning, the comparatively large number of votes cast for him indicated a radical shift among Likud voters, which could possibly result in changing both its vision and image in the future. Several prominent Likud members also denounced Feiglin's gains as indicative of a serious problem in the party, although others attempted to de-emphasize Feiglin's influence within the Likud. Feiglin responded by accusing his Likud critics of "anti-Semitism".
Future For Manhigut Yehudit.
Moshe Feiglin has said that he plans to run for Knesset seat in the upcoming primaries. Because earlier in 2006 the Likud party historically has voted to give the "rank and file" electorate the power to choose its Knesset list. He believes it makes his chances of getting chosen much better as opposed to getting chosen by the Central Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="2901858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901858" title="Acheng District">
Acheng District

Acheng (; Manchu: Alchuka) is an administrative county-level district of Harbin, People's Republic of China. , it had a population of 596,856 residing in an area of , and is southeast of downtown Harbin, north of Jilin City, and around south of the Songhua River. It lies within the basin of, and was until 1909 considered synonymous with, the Ashi River (). The district administers nine subdistricts, eight towns, one township, and one ethnic township.
History.
The city of Acheng has a long history. It is the site of the ruins of Huining, a prefecture in Shangjing which served as the first capital (1122–1234) of the Jin Dynasty (1115-1234), and a subsidiary capital after 1173. There is currently a museum at the site, about south of the Acheng urban area.
Acheng County was established in 1909. It was designated a county-level city in 1987.
Administrative divisions.
Acheng is divided into nine subdistricts, eight towns, one township, and one ethnic township:
Subdistricts:
Towns:
Townships:
Commerce.
The area is rich in mineral resources, including sources of rock, volcanic rock, granite, molybdenum, zinc, lead, iron, and copper.
The agricultural strengths of the area are grain production and cattle. Grain production is strong, having produced 33,100 tons of grain in 2002; much of this grain is essential in feeding the important city of Harbin.
Acheng is a major industrial area for Heilongjiang, with over 300 types of enterprises, including textile, electromechanics, food, building materials (especially brickworks), metallurgy, breweries fueled by the local grain, sugar refineries, a flax plant, iron, steel, and the production of medicine. In 1996 a new technology industrial development zone was created on the western side of the city to encourage the development of high technology, export-oriented industry.
Tourism is also a growing part of the local economy. Acheng is located on the popular tourist route serving Harbin, the Yabuli ski resort, Lake Jingpo, and Xingkai Lake. A number of historic and nature reserves in the area also attract visitors.
Transport.
The city of Acheng is a drive from Harbin Taiping International Airport.
The Harbin–Suifenhe Railway (part of the original Chinese Eastern Railway) passes through the district. There are over twenty commuter rail lines in the rural area.
G10 Suifenhe–Manzhouli Expressway and China National Highway 301 both connect the district to downtown Harbin.

</doc>
<doc id="2901862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901862" title="Yetbarak">
Yetbarak

Yetbarak was "Emperor of Ethiopia" of Ethiopia, and a member of the Zagwe dynasty. According to Taddesse Tamrat, he was the son of Gebre Mesqel Lalibela.
History.
Tradition states that Yetbarak ascended to the throne after his father King Lalibela had taken the crown away from his first choice of successor, Yetbarak's cousin Na'akueto La'ab. Taddesse Tamrat argues that this tradition is based on an official version of events, and theorizes that Na'akueto La'ab had fought with Yetbarak for the throne, and despite initial success Yetbarak became king in the end.
Taddesse Tamrat also suggests that Yetbarak was the same individual known in the "official hagiographical tradition" as Za-Ilmaknun, the king of the Zagwe dynasty whom Yekuno Amlak killed and succeeded. Tamrat notes that "Za-Ilmaknun" is translated as "The Unknown, the hidden one", an "esoteric term" that has "become a useful escape mechanism in denying that the king killed by Yikunno-`Amlak had anything to do with Lasta."

</doc>
<doc id="2901873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901873" title="Sounding a Mosaic">
Sounding a Mosaic

Sounding a Mosaic is the second album from the Canadian rock band Bedouin Soundclash. The album was released on September 7, 2004. Recorded in Montreal and produced by Darryl Jenifer of Bad Brains, the album has spawned the hit single "When the Night Feels My Song" which reached #1 on the Canadian singles chart. The albums had two more singles, "Shelter" and "Gyasi Went Home". The album was certified platinum by the CRIA with over 100,000 copies sold across Canada.
Track listing.
All songs written by Bedouin Soundclash unless noted otherwise.
Charts.
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="2901879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901879" title="Polly Put the Kettle On">
Polly Put the Kettle On

"Polly Put the Kettle On" is a popular English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7899.
Lyrics.
Common modern versions include:
Origins.
A song with the title: "Molly Put the Kettle On or Jenny's Baubie" was published by Joseph Dale in London in 1803. It was also printed, with "Polly" instead of "Molly" in Dublin about 1790–1810 and in New York around 1803–07. The nursery rhyme is mentioned in Charles Dickens' "Barnaby Rudge" (1841), which is the first record of the lyrics in their modern form.
In middle-class families in the mid-eighteenth century "Sukey" was equivalent to "Susan" and Polly was a pet-form of Mary.
The tune associated with this rhyme "Jenny's Baubie" is known to have existed since the 1770s. The melody is vaguely similar to "Oh du lieber Augustin", which was published in Mainz in 1788–89.

</doc>
<doc id="2901882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901882" title="Manroland">
Manroland

Manroland AG manufactures newspaper web offset presses, commercial web offset presses, and sheetfed offset presses for commercial, publications and packaging printing. 
The company has production facilities in Offenbach am Main and Augsburg. manroland Mechatronic Systems in Plauen offers third-party customers the opportunity to expand their production capacity.
Together with subsidiary companies, manroland AG employs around 7,000 people worldwide (as at 2010).
History.
In 1844, Carl August Reichenbach, nephew of the founder of KBA, Friedrich Koenig, and Carl Buz established the “Reichenbach’sche Maschinenfabrik” (Reichenbach's machine factory) in Augsburg. Six month later the two printing press pioneers supplied their first “Schnellpresse” (automatic cylinder press) to Nikolaus Hartmann’s printing plant in Augsburg.
Besides the automatic cylinder press, the 19th century saw another innovation in printing press construction and a newspaper publisher was behind this as well. Around 1850 the question was being asked whether the rotary press principle was suitable for letterpress printing. John Walter III, publisher of "The Times" in London, commissioned the two engineers J.C. MacDonald and John Calverly to develop and build the world's first rotary press for newspaper printing. This became known as the “Walter press”. In June 1872, Maschinenfabrik Augsburg sent its development head Gustav Bissinger to England. Fact-finding visits by German engineers to factories and workshops in England, the leading industrial nation of that era, were not uncommon in those days. After that the first rotary press from Maschinenfabrik Augsburg was quickly designed. Although it also worked on the Walter principle, it was smaller and lighter and easier to operate. In May 1873 it was presented at the World Fair in Vienna.
Two years earlier, in 1871, the two engineers Louis Faber and Adolf Schleicher founded the company Faber & Schleicher as an “Association for Production of Automatic Lithographic Presses” in Offenbach am Main. This city has played a very important part in the history of lithography because it was here that Alois Senefelder built his first lithographic stone presses for the André music publishing company. Faber & Schleicher built their first automatic litho stone press in 1879, the “Albatros”, which had an output of 600 to 700 sheets per hour. Along with the experience and know-how gained from lithography as well as printing on zinc and other metal plates, the real breakthrough came with the emergence of offset printing at the beginning of the 20th century. The inventors Ira Washington Rubel and Caspar Herrmann took over the indirect printing principle known from printing on metal plate and developed this new process between 1904 and 1907. Faber & Schleicher’s specialization in offset printing began in 1911 with the model “Roland”, the world’s first sheetfed rotary offset press, which was awarded a gold medal at the World Fair in Turin.
The name Roland was chosen because "Faber & Schleicher" can hardly be pronounced in English-speaking regions.
The history of manroland in key points.
The history of manroland goes back to the origins of printing press manufacturing. It begins for MAN Roland in 1845 with the first automatic letterpress machine. 
At the same drupa show in Düsseldorf, the ROLAND 900, a large-format sheetfed offset press, also made its debut. 
Products.
The company’s product range includes small-, medium- and large-format sheetfed offset presses. 

</doc>
<doc id="2901887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901887" title="Inxight">
Inxight

Inxight Software, Inc. is a software company specializing in visualization, information retrieval and natural language processing. It was bought by Business Objects in 2007; Business Objects was in turn acquired by SAP AG in 2008. Founded in 1997, Inxight is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. It was originally spun out of Xerox PARC.
Products.
Inxight offers text analysis products in the form of C++ libraries:
And also visualization products:

</doc>
<doc id="2901897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901897" title="Washington State Convention Center">
Washington State Convention Center

The Washington State Convention Center is a convention center in Seattle, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="2901898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901898" title="How It's Made">
How It's Made

"How It's Made" is a documentary television series that premiered on January 6, 2001 on Discovery Channel in Canada, and Science in the U.S. The program is produced in the Canadian province of Quebec by Productions MAJ, Inc. and Productions MAJ 2. In the UK it is broadcast on Discovery Channel, Quest, and DMAX.
Format.
The show is a documentary showing how common, everyday items (including foodstuffs like bubblegum, industrial products such as engines, musical instruments such as guitars, and sporting goods such as snowboards) are manufactured. It is filmed to simplify overdubbing in different languages. For example, the show avoids showing a narrator or host onscreen, does not often have employees of featured companies speak on camera, and keeps human interaction with the manufacturing process to a bare minimum. An off-screen narrator explains each process, often with humorous puns. Each half hour show usually has three or four main segments, with each product getting a demonstration of about five minutes, with exceptions for more complex products. Usually every show has at least one product with an historic background note preceding it, showing how and where the product originated, and what people used before it. The historic note is shown through various cartoon animations being drawn on-screen by a computer program.
In April 2007, all episodes run in the United States (on the Discovery Channel and Science) had the individual season openings replaced with a new opening used for every episode. Similar to most other Discovery Channel shows, the credits now run during the last segment, with only a blue screen and the request for feedback (and the website) at the end.
In September 2007, the ninth season began airing on Science, along with new openings, graphics, and soundtracks. Zac Fine replaced Moore as the narrator. However, the eleventh season, which started airing in September 2008, reinstated Moore as the narrator and reverted to a previous title sequence and soundtrack.
In June 2008, the Science channel began airing "How It's Made: Remix", consisting of previous segments arranged into theme episodes ("Food", "Sporting Goods", etc.). In 2013, the Science channel began airing "How It's Made: Dream Cars", focusing exclusively on high performance and exotic cars. 
Languages.
The show is broadcast in English on Discovery Channel and Discovery Science, and in French on Ztélé. The program is also broadcast abroad, in the United States (on Science and less frequently on the Discovery Channel), the UK (on Discovery Channel, Discovery Science, and Quest), Italy on Discovery Science, Spain (on Discovery Channel and Discovery MAX), Norway (translated into Norwegian on Discovery Channel and Discovery Science), Poland (translated into Polish on Discovery Channel Polska and Discovery Science Channel Polska), and in India (on Discovery Science). In Germany it is broadcast on DMAX in German under the title "So wird's gemacht. The show is also broadcast under various titles: in Portuguese under the title O Segredo das Coisas, in Spanish under the title Así se hace, in French under the title Comment c'est fait, in Polish under the title Jak to jest zrobione, in Hungarian under the title Hogyan készült, in Romanian under the title Cum se fabrică, in Italian under the title Come è fatto, in Russian under the title Как это работает, in Norwegian under the title Hvordan den lages, in Finnish under the title Miten se tehtiin?, in Czech under the title Jak se to dělá, in Turkish under the title Nasıl Yapılır?, and in Bulgarian under the title Как се прави...".
UK, U.S., and international hosts.
A different voice-over track is recorded for U.S. viewers by Brooks T. Moore (Seasons 1-8, 2001–2007, 2008–present) or Zac Fine (2007–2008). The scripts are almost identical; the main difference in the versions is that the U.S. host gives units of measurement in United States customary units instead of metric units. At one point in the U.S. run, a subtitled conversion was shown on-screen over the original narration instead.
In the UK, the rest of Europe, and in some cases in Southeast Asia, the series is narrated by Tony Hirst. All episodes have been shown in the UK on the Discovery, Quest, and the Discovery Science channels.

</doc>
<doc id="2901907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901907" title="Matplotlib">
Matplotlib

matplotlib is a plotting library for the Python programming language and its NumPy numerical mathematics extension. It provides an object-oriented API for embedding plots into applications using general-purpose GUI toolkits like wxPython, Qt, or GTK+. There is also a procedural "pylab" interface based on a state machine (like OpenGL), designed to closely resemble that of MATLAB. SciPy makes use of matplotlib.
matplotlib was originally written by John Hunter, has an active development community, and is distributed under a BSD-style license. Michael Droettboom was nominated as matplotlib's lead developer shortly before John Hunter's death in 2012.
, matplotlib 1.3.1 supports Python versions 2.6 through 3.3. Matplotlib 1.2 is the first version of matplotlib to support Python 3.x.
Comparison with MATLAB.
The pylab interface makes matplotlib easy to learn for experienced MATLAB users, making it a viable alternative to MATLAB as a teaching tool for numerical mathematics and signal processing.
Some of the advantages of the combination of Python, NumPy, and matplotlib over MATLAB include:
Typically pylab is imported to bring NumPy and matplotlib into a single global namespace for the most MATLAB like syntax, however a more explicit import style, which names both matplotlib and NumPy, is the preferred coding style.
Comparison with Gnuplot.
Both Gnuplot and Matplotlib are mature open source projects. They both can produce enormous types of different plots. While it is hard to specify a type of figure that one can do and the other can not, they still have different advantages and disadvantages:
Examples.
Line plot
Histogram
Scatter plot
3D plot
More examples
Toolkits.
Several toolkits are available which extend matplotlib functionality. Some are separate downloads, others ship with the matplotlib source code but have external dependencies.

</doc>
<doc id="2901908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901908" title="Varkiza">
Varkiza

Varkiza (Greek: Βάρκιζα), also Alianthos (Αλίανθος) is a suburb of greater Athens forming part of the municipality of Vari-Voula-Vouliagmeni in southern Attica, located east of the Megalo Daktylo (Large Finger). It lies approximately 2 km south of Vari, 22 km S of Athens, SW of the Eleftherios Venizelos International Airport and the Attiki Odos (numbers 6 and 62), NW of Cape Sounio, and south of the Hymettus Ring. This locality is linked with Poseidonos Avenue (GR-91), and is the second most expensive area in Greece after Vouliagmeni. 
The Hymettus mountains lie to the northwest and the Mesogeian plain to the north ; another mountain lies toward the northeast. Most of the area's streets take names from Greek mythology, and its main street, Poseidonos, forms a connection with the route running from Neo Faliro down toward the Glyfada boundary. Forests cover a part of the municipality, but much of the mountainous area is rocky and grassy ; Varkiza has a widely known beach which takes in tennis courts, parkland and fields, restaurants, taverns, complexes and other amenities. The urban sprawl sporadically covers the farmlands, and moves west of Varkiza.
The population were rural until the 1960s, while suburban housing sprang up between the 1960s and the 1990s, making most of the population urban and expanding to this day. Housing development began in the central part of district, where farmland once used to dominate its central areas, and within the Saronic Gulf. Later, Varkiza became part of the Athens Metropolitan Area, and in the 1960s, the connecting highway added two lanes.
History.
The Treaty of Varkiza was signed in 1945 in an attempt to end the Greek Civil War.
Other.
Varkiza has one school (dimotiko), banks, a church, restaurants, bars, taverns, a post office and couple of squares ("plateies"). 
Since 2001 Varkiza has been hugely modernised. Varkiza just after the World War II was a small village for fishermen but today has developed to a small town for the rich with one of the best beaches in Attiki. In the summer the population triples as Varkiza resort is right next to the top summer clubs which are located on the "Glyfada strip". 

</doc>
<doc id="2901915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901915" title="Fake vomit">
Fake vomit

Fake vomit is a flat rubber or plastic disc with indentations and protrusions designed to look like mucus or vomit. It is a practical joke often used by pranksters to disgust victims.
The prank is performed when the prankster wraps up the fake vomit in a handkerchief or tissue paper and mixes with a crowd. The prankster would draw attention to himself/herself by putting the handkerchief or tissue to his/her mouth, concealing the fake barf from view. The prankster would then pretend to sneeze or throw up in the handkerchief or tissue. When he/she is done, the prankster would reveal the fake vomit, disgusting the crowd watching the prank.
Fake vomit may also be made as a concoction of liquid non-staining substances made to look like more realistic human vomit. Children sometimes make fake vomit and leave it in the toilet or sink to convince their parents that they threw up so they can get a day off of school.
History.
Originally marketed under the name "Whoops", fake vomit was designed in the 1950s by an employee of Marvin Glass and Associates, the design company that also created Chattery Teeth, for novelty manufacturer H. Fishlove & Co. Marvin Glass initially rejected the concept on the grounds of bad taste. He changed his mind only when, at the end of a presentation with Fishlove that went badly, the designer burst into the conference room and dropped his prototype on the table, to Fishlove's delight.
In popular culture.
In the 1985 film "The Goonies", the character Chunk describes in detail his character's history with fake vomit:

</doc>
<doc id="2901917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901917" title="Tarot (disambiguation)">
Tarot (disambiguation)

In comics:
In music:
In film and television:
In fiction:
In video / role-playing games:

</doc>
<doc id="2901918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901918" title="Earle family">
Earle family

The Earle family was a notable family of artists, businessmen, and statesmen in New England, especially Massachusetts. The family was most prominent from the 17th century to the 19th century. Originally from the English county of Somerset, Ralph Earle settled in Rhode Island in 1638.
External links.
The Earle family: Ralph Earle and his descendants (1888)

</doc>
<doc id="2901930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901930" title="Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe">
Shrine of Our Lady of Guadalupe

History.
The shrine was an inspiration of Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke, while he was Bishop of La Crosse, who wanted to establish a place of lasting worship for Roman Catholics to go on pilgrimage to in the Diocese of La Crosse. On September 28, 1999 a letter was sent for consideration to the Vatican, and on November 11, 1999 the Holy See gave the project its approval and blessing. of woodland near the south end of La Crosse were then donated by Robert and Lucille Swing. Groundbreaking began on June 17, 2001.
The first phase of construction included a Pilgrim Center, which features an orientation room, information desk, the Flores Mariae gift shop, and the Culina Mariana restaurant, and the Mother of Good Counsel Votive Candle Chapel. This phase was completed and dedicated December 12, 2002.
The second phase included an outdoor stations of the cross, a devotional area to St. Joseph the Workman and a rosary walk, in addition to construction on the Shrine Church. Groundbreaking for the church was on May 13, 2004. The Stations of the Cross were dedicated December 9, 2004, followed by the devotional area to St. Joseph the Workman on September 21, 2007 and the rosary walk on December 8, 2007.
Excavation for the third phase, the Memorial to the Unborn, began on October 29, 2007.
On July 31, 2008 the Shrine Church was dedicated. The dedication Mass was also presided over by Burke, who by then had been named Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura, having previously served as Archbishop of Saint Louis and before that as Bishop of La Crosse, and who would be named a Cardinal in 2010. Burke was joined by Cardinals Justin Francis Rigali of Philadelphia, who had previously served as Archbishop of Saint Louis before Burke was named as his successor, and Francis Eugene George of Chicago, the closest cardinalatial see to La Crosse. The ceremony included an honor guard made up of members of the local area Knights of Columbus and Knights and Ladies of the Holy Sepulchre. Also in attendance were over 100 priests, and members of the St. Juan Diego Guild and Marian Catechist Apostolate.
The Memorial to the Unborn was completed on December 12, 2008 and was also dedicated by Archbishop Burke.
Artwork.
Paintings.
The art work inside the Shrine Church and around the grounds was a collaboration of many artists and includes a variety of styles.
A fresco inside the narthex inside the main entrance was done by Tony Visco, and is titled “Visions of Guadalupe.” The images are of the apparitions of Mary to Juan Diego from the time of his approach to the hill of Tepeyac until the time of the healing of his uncle. Surrounding the outside the fresco are images of workers of the faith.
On the aisles inside the church are six paintings of saints, five of whom lived in the 20th century: Saint Peregrine Laziosi, Saint Gianna Molla, Blessed Father Michel Pro, and Saint Terese of Liseux were painted by Neilson Carlin, and Saint Faustina Kowalska and Saint Maria Goretti by Noah Buchanan. There are also three paintings by Brett Edenton in the basement of the church that depict Venerable Father Samuel Mazzuchelli O.P, Venerable Bishop Fredrick Baraga, and Venerable Father Solanus Casey O.F.M Cap.
Sculptures.
The many sculptures inside and outside the church were sculpted in Italy of Carrara marble. Outside the church above the entrance is a statue of Jesus the Good Shepherd, to his right St. Peter, and to his left St. Paul. In the middle of the plaza is a statue of Juan Diego showing his tilma to Bishop Zumárraga.
Inside the church are statues in each of the transepts. The south transept holds statues of the Immaculate Heart of Mary and of Juan Diego. In the north transept are statues of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and of St. Joseph and Jesus.
Mosaic.
The sanctuary of the church contains a mosaic of Our Lady of Guadalupe, created by The Vatican Mosaic Studio; it measures in height and in width.
The grounds.
Rosary walk.
The Rosary walk has four stations, with each station made up of five blue tiles, each depicting a mystery of the rosary. The stations were designed by Tony Visco. The Rosary Walk was dedicated December 8, 2007.
St. Joseph the Workman devotional area.
This area includes a fountain and a bronze relief designed by Fr. Anthony Brankin showing St. Joseph the Workman instructing Jesus. Background images depict Archbishop Burke, founder of the shrine, and Mr. and Mrs. Robert Swing, donaters of the land. The St. Joseph the Workman Devotional Area was dedicated September 21, 2007
Saint Kateri Tekakwitha devotional area.
This secluded devotional area features a larger-than-life-sized bronze statue of Saint Kateri Tekakwitha, Lily of the Mohawks, by artist Cynthia Hitschler, and was dedicated July 30, 2008. The work depicts the Saint in native buckskin in a natural setting, kneeling in reverence to a rough, hand-made cross, with a basket at her side filled with strawberries, a calla lily and the three "sister" plants; corn, squash and beans.
Stations of the Cross.
Each of the 14 stations were designed by Tony Visco and done in bronze relief. The Stations of the Cross were dedicated December 9, 2004.
Memorial to the Unborn.
The Memorial to the Unborn is a series of plaques that include teachings of the Catholic Church on abortion, contraception, embryonic stem cell research, and the dignity of the human person. The Memorial was designed by River Architects.
Mother of Good Counsel Votive Candle Chapel.
The Mother of Good Council Votive chapel contains 576 candles. It is surrounded by seven stained glass windows, each depicting a different title of Our Lady. The central candle structure measures high, and across.
Culina Mariana.
The Culina Mariana is a European bistro style restaurant in the Pilgrim Center.
Flores Mariae.
The Flores Mariae is a gift shop in the Pilgrim Center that provides literature about the Catholic faith, and other religious items.
Friary.
A friary next to the Shrine Church houses Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate, who are responsible for the sacramental needs of pilgrims.

</doc>
<doc id="2901936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901936" title="James Snow">
James Snow

James Wilfred Snow (July 12, 1929 – September 13, 2008) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1985, and was a cabinet minister in the governments of William Davis and Frank Miller. Snow was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Background.
He was born in Esquesing Township, Ontario, and educated in Milton. He worked as a farmer before entering political life, and was the president of Snow Construction Ltd., Snow Properties Ltd. and Oakville Investments Ltd.
Politics.
Snow was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1967 provincial election, defeating Liberal candidate Robin Skuce by 164 votes in Halton East. He served as a backbench supporter of John Robarts's government for the next four years, and was named a minister without portfolio when Davis replaced Robarts as premier on March 1, 1971. He was re-elected with a much increased majority in the 1971 election, and was promoted to Minister of Public Works and Minister of Government Services on February 2, 1972. 
The Progressive Conservatives were reduced to a minority government in the 1975 election. Snow was re-elected in the redistributed district of Oakville, and was named Minister of Transportation and Communications on October 7, 1975. He held this position for over nine years, until the end of the Davis administration. Snow supported Frank Miller to succeed Davis as party leader in January 1985, and was retained in Miller's portfolio as a minister without portfolio responsible for Urban Transit. He retired from politics in 1985.
Later life.
Snow published an autobiography after leaving political life, and purchased a golf course in Hornby, Ontario. He donated his family wheelchair van to the Lions Foundation of Canada in August 2005.
In 2006 Snow and his wife Barbara donated half-a-million dollars to the Milton District Hospital Foundation's CT Scanner Campaign. The complex housing the scanner is named the "James and Barbara Snow Family Trust Diagnostic Imaging Annex".
The town of Milton, Ontario renamed Fourth Line (in the former Trafalgar Township) "James Snow Parkway" (Halton Regional Road 4). It was upgraded in the early 1980s to become a major arterial road, and is in the process of being extended on both north and south ends. The overpass of the James Snow Parkway at Highway 401 was destroyed in 1986 when it was hit by a fuel tanker. It has subsequently been rebuilt.
Snow died on September 13, 2008 of complications from diabetes. He was 79.

</doc>
<doc id="2901958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901958" title="Fortes">
Fortes

Fortes is a fairly rare family name in Spanish and Portuguese-speaking countries (Spanish pronunciation: FOR-tes, (Brazilian) Portuguese pronunciation: FOR-cheesse). Famous Fortes include:

</doc>
<doc id="2901965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901965" title="Reccared II">
Reccared II

Reccared II (in Spanish, Galician and Portuguese, "Recaredo") was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia briefly in 621. His father and predecessor was Sisebut and his mother was his second wife, the bastard daughter of Reccared I by Floresinda. He was but a child when placed on the throne and as with most Visigothic attempts to establish a royal dynasty, Sisebut's was opposed by the nobility and ultimately failed.
His death allowed his maternal half-uncle the strongman and general Suintila to accede to the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="2901966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901966" title="Upper Saxon Circle">
Upper Saxon Circle

The Upper Saxon Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire, created in 1512.
The circle was dominated by the electorate of Saxony (the circle's director) and the electorate of Brandenburg. It further comprised the Saxon Ernestine duchies and Pomerania. The Lusatias that fell to Saxony by the 1635 Peace of Prague were never encircled.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:
Sources.
The list of states making up the Upper Saxon Circle is based on that in the German Wikipedia article Obersächsischer Reichskreis.

</doc>
<doc id="2901975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901975" title="Calorimeter constant">
Calorimeter constant

A calorimeter constant (denoted "C"cal) is a constant that quantifies the heat capacity of a calorimeter. It may be calculated by applying a known amount of heat to the calorimeter and measuring the calorimeter's corresponding change in temperature. In SI units, the calorimeter constant is then calculated by dividing the change in enthalpy (Δ"H") in joules by the change in temperature (Δ"T") in kelvins or degrees Celsius:
The calorimeter constant is usually presented in units of joules per degree Celsius (J/°C) or joules per kelvin (J/K). Every calorimeter has a unique calorimeter constant.
Uses.
The calorimeter constant is used in constant pressure calorimetry to calculate the amount of heat required to achieve a certain raise in the temperature of the calorimeter's contents.
Example.
To determine the change in enthalpy in a neutralization reaction (Δ"H"neutralization), a known amount of basic solution may be placed in a calorimeter, and the temperature of this solution alone recorded. Then, a known amount of acidic solution may be added and the change in temperature measured using a thermometer. The difference in temperature (Δ"T", in units K or °C) may be calculated by subtracting the initial temperature from the final temperature. The enthalpy of neutralization Δ"H"neutralization may then be calculated according to the following equation:
Regardless of the specific chemical process, with a known calorimeter constant and a known change in temperature the heat added to the system may be calculated by multiplying the calorimeter constant by that change in temperature.

</doc>
<doc id="2901981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901981" title="ITSO Ltd">
ITSO Ltd

ITSO (Integrated Transport Smartcard Organisation) Ltd is a non-profit distributing technical, standardisation and interoperability membership organisation with objectives to:
ITSO was established as a result of discussions between various UK passenger transport authorities concerning the lack of standards for interoperable smart card ticketing. These discussions grew to include other authorities, transport operators and government. ITSO membership covers the breadth of the transport sector including transport operators (bus, tram and train operating companies), suppliers to the industry, local authorities and public transport executives. Supported by the Department for Transport, ITSO has links with major transport industry organisations and established smart card schemes in the UK and overseas.
ITSO started out as the Integrated Transport Smartcard Organisation but this has been dropped and ITSO is now just ITSO. That is because the specification covers other forms of ticketing besides smartcards and transport. 
The Department for Transport introduced in 2008 the English National Concessionary Travel Scheme for all people of retirement age and eligible disabled persons (according to the Transport Act 1985, 2000) using buses, which uses ITSO smart cards. Transport Scotland and the Welsh Government have implemented ITSO in their concessionary travel schemes. Transport authorities and operators are now rolling out commercial uses for ITSO-based smartcards throughout the country.
Specification.
The ITSO specification is a technical platform on which interoperable smart ticketing schemes can be built. It defines the key technical items and interfaces that are required to deliver interoperability between both, components of a ticketing system – smart media (smart cards), points of service and back offices - and separate ticketing systems. ITSO is unique in transport smart card specifications in that it covers all components - card, point of service and back office systems.
English National Concessionary Travel Scheme.
The English National Concessionary Travel Scheme is a national scheme by the Department for Transport in conjunction with Local Authorities across England on which ITSO worked to standardise and ensure interoperability of cards and readers. The ITSO logo features on the bottom right corner of the bus pass.
Members.
The ITSO member list includes most of the major bus operators, ticket issuing system vendors and passenger transport executives.
The list of current members is available at this link.
Non-ITSO systems.
The largest commercial-based scheme is by Transport for London, marketed as "Oyster". Currently, Oyster is not compatible with the ITSO specification. TfL has funded Oyster readers for all London rail stations in London zones 1-6, and the Department for Transport has worked with TfL to ensure the readers will also be compatible with the ITSO Specification.
The UK equivalent interoperability organisation for sectors other than transport ticketing is Lasseo which provides an open specification for UK Local Authorities to add public services onto ITSO based cards, and a Scottish consortium of local authorities looks at standard and interoperability issues in Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="2901985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901985" title="Shuttleworth Collection">
Shuttleworth Collection

The Shuttleworth Collection is an aeronautical and automotive museum located at the Old Warden Aerodrome, Old Warden in Bedfordshire, England. It is one of the most prestigious in the world due to the variety of old and well-preserved aircraft.
History.
The collection was founded in 1928 by aviator Richard Ormonde Shuttleworth. While flying a Fairey Battle at night on 2 August 1940, Shuttleworth fatally crashed. His mother, in 1944, formed the Richard Ormonde Shuttleworth Remembrance Trust "for the teaching of the science and practice of aviation and of afforestation and agriculture."
Collection.
Restoration and maintenance work is carried out by a staff of nine full-time and many volunteer engineers. These volunteers are all members of the 3,000-strong Shuttleworth Veteran Aeroplane Society (SVAS). These dedicated enthusiasts are crucial to the preservation and restoration of the collection.
In addition to the aircraft, the collection houses a number of vintage and veteran cars. Events include model-flying days, and once a year, there is a special flying day for schools in the area.
The Shuttleworth Collection puts an emphasis on restoring as many aircraft as possible to flying condition, inline with the founder's original intention. There are typically about twelve air shows per year, including evening displays, which offer the opportunity to see aircraft which in many cases are the last of their type to survive, let alone existing in flyable condition.
The Edwardian flying machines.
Some of the most notable aircraft in the collection are the five Edwardian aeroplanes, of which one is the oldest British aeroplane still in flying condition. What makes these exceptional is that they still fly (weather permitting). The oldest, with British civil registration G-AANG, is the Bleriot XI (still with original engine), which dates back to 1909 - six years after the Wright brothers' aircraft and the world's oldest airworthy aeroplane, the next oldest being, at only three weeks newer by date of manufacture, the Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome's own restored original Bleriot XI (Bleriot factory serial number 56, with civil registration N60094) in the United States.
Aircraft in the collection.
Also resident, but privately owned:
Vehicles in the collection.
There is also a collection of tractors.

</doc>
<doc id="2901987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901987" title="Tommy Suharto">
Tommy Suharto

Tommy Suharto (real name Hutomo Mandala Putra) (July 15, 1962) is the youngest son of Suharto, the former President of Indonesia. In 2002 he was convicted of ordering the assassination of a Supreme Court Judge of the Republic of Indonesia, Syafiuddin Kartasasmita.
Bali land scandals.
Tommy in the 1980s used the Indonesian Army to force landowners in the Nusa Dua and Dreamland Beach areas to sell land at cheap prices to a company controlled by him. Today this land is reported to be still owned by him. His company leases this land to many mega resort operators including Starwood, Accor, and Hilton.
Criminal convictions.
Tommy was in 2002 sentenced to 15 years jail for paying two hitmen to kill Syafiuddin Kartasasmita, a Supreme Court judge who had convicted him of graft. Other charges included illegal weapons possession and fleeing justice.
He served part of his sentence in Cipinang Penitentiary Institution (LP Cipinang), Jatinegara, East Jakarta before being transferred to Nusakambangan Island prison off the southern coast of Central Java. His sentence was reduced to 10 years on appeal, and he was given conditional release on 30 October 2006. He spent a total of four years in detainment. Critics said Tommy was released solely because of his wealth and his family's enduring power.
On 28 August 2008, Indonesian Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati stated that Bank Mandiri had been directed to transfer 1.23 trillion rupiah (US$134 million) of funds owned by Tommy's now-defunct car company Timor Putra Nasional to a government account. Earlier, the ministry filed a graft case alleging Tommy illegally sold assets from Timor to five of his companies. Tommy responded by filing a US$21.8 million countersuit against the ministry. He won a separate US$61 million civil corruption case in February 2008, receiving US$550,000 in a countersuit.
Garuda lawsuit.
In March 2011, Tommy won a lawsuit against Garuda Indonesia for Rp.12.51 billion ($1.46 million) in damages. The case concerned an article titled "A New Destination to Enjoy in Bali" (Pecatu) in the December 2009 of Garuda's in-flight magazine. A footnote at the end of the article mentioned Tommy was a convicted murderer. Presiding Judge Tahsin said the article had ruined Tommy’s reputation "as a national and international businessman". He said Tommy's past should not have been mentioned because he had completed his prison term.
Private life.
Tommy married Ardhia Pramesti Regita Cahyani, also known as 'Tata', in 1997. Tata is from royal lineage of Mangkunegaran principality of Surakarta. They have two children: Dharma Mangkuluhur and Radhyana Gayanti Hutami. On May 15, 2006, Tata filed for divorce and moved to Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="2901990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901990" title="1990 ICC Trophy">
1990 ICC Trophy

The 1990 ICC Trophy was a limited-overs cricket tournament held in the Netherlands between 4 June and 23 June 1990. It was the fourth ICC Trophy tournament to be staged, and the first to be held outside England. It was also the first ICC Trophy competition to have a title sponsor, being known officially as the Unibind ICC Trophy. As in previous Trophies, matches were played over 60 overs a side and with white clothing and red balls. Zimbabwe won the competition for the third successive time, beating the Netherlands in the final for the second time and also winning every game they played in the tournament, and as winners qualified for the 1992 World Cup. Shortly after the Trophy had been staged, Zimbabwe were in any case promoted to Full Member status of the ICC.
Competition format.
17 teams took part in the tournament. They were divided into four groups of unequal size, three having four members and the last having five. The top two sides from each group went forward to a second round of group matches, with two groups of four. Oddly, the terms "Group A" and "Group B" were re-used for the second round rather than "Group E" and "Group F", despite the Plate competition (see below) using the letters G and H for "its" groups!
From each of the second-round groups, the top two teams qualified for the knockout stages of semi-finals and final. (A third-place playoff match was also planned, but was cancelled because of bad weather.) The nine sides that had "not" made the second round were entered into a consolation "Plate" competition. This consisted of two groups, one of four and one of five, with no knockout stages. In all group stages, where teams finished with equal points totals, run rate was used to separate them.
First round group tables.
"Teams highlighted in yellow qualified for the second round."
Second round.
Summary reports.
Group A.
Zimbabwe continued their winning ways with three victories to top the table. They started with a straightforward nine-wicket victory over Papua New Guinea: the Papuans, having won the toss and decided to bat, fell to 44/4 before recovering a little to post 133ao, but it was never likely to be enough and so it proved as the Zimbabweans reached 134/1 thanks to Andy Flower's 80*. In the next match, having put the USA in to bat, 5-22 from Eddo Brandes kept the Americans down to 131ao, with Zimbabwe then strolling to 132/3 (Grant Flower 52*) and a seven-wicket win. Finally Zimbabwe were inserted by Kenya but compiled 259/9 (AH Omarshah 69), tight bowling keeping their opponents down to 126/6, 133 runs adrift.
Kenya were the other qualifiers for the semi-finals, on run rate. They restricted the USA to 162ao after the Americans had chosen to bat, then an unbeaten 79 from Maurice Odumbe guided them to 163/4 and victory by six wickets. Next, however, Papua New Guinea, winning the toss and batting, posted 230ao thanks to 55 by Amini and no less than 54 extras; this profligacy with the ball cost them the game as they fell to 193ao (MO Odumbe 64) and a 37-run defeat. Finally in Group A, the USA chose to bat first against the Papuans, and their choice was vindicated as their shaky-looking 190ao (KR Khan 52) turned out to be more than sufficient, E Daley claiming 4-35 as the United States recorded a 67-run triumph.
Group B.
The Netherlands won Group B on run rate from Bangladesh, despite losing their first match to Canada by 21 runs. Having put Canada in, Eric Dulfer's 5-38 was overshadowed by D Singh's 64 as the North Americans recovered from 79/6 to put up 199ao; the Dutch could manage only 178/8 from their 60 overs. The Netherlands made amends by annihilating Bangladesh by 161 runs in their next game, choosing to bat first and posting 309/7 (NE Clarke 83, RP Lefebvre 75) despite having been 27/2 at one stage, before running through the entire Bangladeshi order for 148; then winning an all-European affair with Denmark. Again winning the toss and batting, the Dutch team were restricted to a moderate 176ao (GJAF Aponso 54; SRM Sorensen 4-43) but ended up winning by 54 runs having bowled out the Danes for 122.
Bangladesh were the final side through to the semis. Asked to field first by Denmark, A From-Hansen made 57 and JS Jensen 50 out of the Danes' 233/9, but Nurul Abedin (85) and Akram Khan (50) were the Asians' heroes as they reached 235/7 with just two balls to spare. The Bangladeshis enjoyed a far more comfortable 117-run win against Canada in their other game: inserted by the Canadians, Bangladesh produced a total of 265/6 (Nurul Abedin 105, Faruk Ahmed 56) before dismissing their opponents for 148, only opener Ingleton Liburd (60) showing fight for Canada. Finally, Denmark's decision to ask Canada to bat first proved correct as the Canadians were bowled out for 142, Denmark cruising to 143/4 for a six-wicket victory.
Second round group tables.
"Teams highlighted in yellow qualified for the semi-finals."
Semi-finals.
Kenya v Netherlands.
Winning the toss, Kenya elected to bat first, but must have been rueing their decision when the Dutch bowlers reduced them to a precarious 52/5. The main destroyer was Bakker, who took an outstanding 6-41 from his 11.4 overs, with solid support (3-39) coming from Lefebvre. The Kenyans recovered to post a decent total of 202ao thanks mainly to a sixth-wicket partnership of 115 between Aasif Karim (53) and Muslim Kanji (52). In reply, the Netherlands were themselves in a spot of bother when two quick wickets for Tito Odumbe reduced them to 15/2, but that was as bad as it got as they eased their way to 205/5 with 22 balls to spare, Tim de Leede top-scoring with an unbeaten 56.
Bangladesh v Zimbabwe.
Bad weather meant that these two sides met a day late, on the day originally scheduled to host the third-place play-off, which was cancelled as a result. Bangladesh won the toss and put Zimbabwe in to bat, a decision which seemed to be paying dividends as the African side suffered a disastrous start and staggered to 37/4 with Gholam Nousher (3-47) doing most of the damage. However, the experience and skill of two of Zimbabwe's future Test batsmen, skipper David Houghton (91) and Eddo Brandes (66*, his highest ICC Trophy score) guided their side to a healthier 231/7. When their turn came, the Bangladeshis outdid their opponents in the calamitous start stakes by collapsing to 45/5, but they could not match them for recovery: the only resistance came from Minhajul Abedin (57) and Enamul Haque (28), who put on 83 for the sixth wicket. No other stand was worth more than 13, and no other batsman reached double figures, as Bangladesh were dismissed for 147, 84 runs behind.
Final.
Netherlands v Zimbabwe.
The coin came down in the Netherlands' favour, and they decided to bat, making a solid start to reach 100/2. Five wickets then fell for 39 runs: Ali Shah's 4-56 off 12 overs was rather an expensive return, but despite a knock of 47 from Lubbers, a final Dutch total of 197/9 never looked likely to be enough against a Zimbabwe side who had not lost a game all competition. The Netherlands had some hope when Lefebvre removed both Zimbabwean openers by the time the total had reached 41, but innings of 69 not out from Andy Flower and 45 from Andy Pycroft kept things on track, and the Zimbabweans reached 198/4 and a six-wicket triumph to claim the ICC Trophy with nearly six overs in hand.
Leading batsmen.
"Qualification: 250 runs." 
Leading bowlers.
"Qualification: 14 wickets."

</doc>
<doc id="2901991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901991" title="USAir Flight 5050">
USAir Flight 5050

USAir Flight 5050 was an "extra section" passenger flight to replace the regularly scheduled but cancelled flight 1846, from New York's La Guardia Airport to Charlotte International Airport in Charlotte, North Carolina on September 20, 1989, that crashed on takeoff. Michael Martin was a new Boeing 737 captain, logging only about 140 hours as captain of the 737. In spite of the fact that the weather was very poor (wet with low visibility, causing the cancellation of many flights that day at La Guardia), Captain Martin permitted First Officer Constantine Kleissas to make the takeoff on a short, wet runway, even though he would be conducting his first non-supervised line takeoff in a 737, and had not conducted any takeoffs during the last 39 days.
Accident sequence.
As the first officer began the takeoff on runway 31, the airplane started to drift to the left. The captain attempted to correct that drift with the use of the nosewheel tiller. Moments later, they heard a "bang" and then a rumbling noise. That was the result of the nose tire flying off its rim, after being damaged by the captain's improper use of that nosewheel steering tiller. The captain then took over control from the first officer and aborted the takeoff, but he was unable to stop the plane before it ran off the end of the runway into Bowery Bay. The airplane collided with a wooden approach lighting stanchion or pier, as it went off the end of the overrun. The fuselage separated into three sections with the forward section resting on part of the elevated light stanchion and the aft section partially submerged. All of the fuselage fractures were due to overstress.
Evacuation.
All the exits, except the L-1 door and L-2 door were used for evacuation. The lead flight attendant could not open the L-1 door. The evacuation slide at R-1 deployed; the R-2 slide was disarmed before the door was opened because the flight attendant believed that the slide would float upward and block the exit. The L-2 door was opened and then closed when water entered the cabin. All four of the overwing exits were used to evacuate successfully.
"About 20 passengers stood on the left wing, which was out of the water. Someone unstowed the fabric ditching line from above a left overwing exit and tied it to its wing fitting. These 20 passengers, including the woman with the 5 year old child and the 8-month old infant, held onto the line as they awaited rescue. The ditching line was unstowed from its right overwing exit opening but evacuees did not know it needed to be tied to the right wing fitting. The forward portion of the right wing was out of the water and passengers held onto the ditching line so they could stay out of the water."
"Passengers who egressed at the two floor-level exits entered the water and because of the one-knot current some persons drifted away from the airplane and under the runway deck. Crewmembers threw floatation seat cushions and crew life preservers, which were held by passengers and crewmembers, some of whom could not swim. Several persons complained that they could not hold onto the cushions or that the cushions did not keep them afloat. Some clung to pilings under the deck and floating debris. Some passengers also swallowed fuel that was on the water surface. Several
complained that waves from boats and downwash from a rescue helicopter hampered staying afloat with their heads out of the water. One passenger said that she sustained a fractured right ankle and a lacerated hand when a rescue boat backed over her."
The last passengers, who were trapped in seats 21F and 22A, were extricated approximately 90 minutes after the accident.
Two of the 57 passengers were killed (Betsy Brogan and her mother-in-law, Ayles Brogan, wife and mother of a USAir employee). The Brogans had the misfortune of selecting seats that were located exactly where the tail section of the fuselage broke away from the rest of the plane. Fifteen other passengers were injured, one critically.
Accident analysis.
The NTSB found numerous "crew coordination problems" during its investigation, which had a bearing on the ultimate outcome of Flight 5050: 
Rudder trim issue.
Analysis of the Digital Flight Data Recorder (DFDR) revealed that the rudder trim had moved to the far left limit, while the plane was parked at the gate. Since power to the DFDR was off, while parked at the gate, the NTSB could not discover what caused that rudder trim to move to that extreme limit. That mistrim of the rudder should have been discovered when the Before Takeoff checklist was read, but the pilots failed to ensure the rudder was in the zero trim (neutral) position at that time. The captain also failed to detect that the rudder pedals were unequally displaced by 4¼ inches and the nose wheel steering was turned to 4 degrees left, during the taxi out from the gate to the takeoff position on the runway. 
When the rudder trim is centered to zero degrees, as required for takeoff, the rudder pedals would be matched so that the captain's legs would be extended the same amount, for each pedal, and the plane's nosewheel steering would not keep trying to turn the plane to the left, during taxi operations (See graphic).
The NTSB could not understand why the captain failed to detect that mistrimmed rudder (as evidenced by the abnormal displacement of the rudder pedals and the tendency for the plane to keep trying to turn left), during the time that the plane was taxied to the takeoff position.
Testing of the pilots for drugs and alcohol.
ALPA (the Air Line Pilots Association), which was the labor union representing the two pilots of flight 5050, sequestered the pilots and refused to reveal their whereabouts until such time that any testing for drugs and alcohol would be useless. This made the NTSB investigators so upset that a very unusual and strong statement was included in the official accident report:
The Safety Board is extremely concerned that no federal investigators were allowed to speak to the pilots of flight 5050 until almost 40 hours after the accident. Specific requests to USAir and ALPA to interview the pilots and to have them provide toxicological samples were made about ten hours and again about 20 hours after the accident. USAir representatives stated they did not know where the pilots were sequestered. The Air Line Pilots Association representatives initially stated that they also did not know where the pilots were, then later stated that their location was being withheld so they could not be found by the media. This complicated the investigative process to a great degree. The sequestering of the pilots for such an extended period of time in many respects borders on interference with a federal investigation and is inexcusable.
The FAA was in the process of preparing subpoenas to compel the pilots to present themselves to NTSB accident investigators, when the pilots finally relented and appeared, some 44 hours after the accident. The FAA was processing an emergency suspension of their licenses for failing to present themselves to investigators promptly after the crash. An FAA official said the pilots are entitled to legal counsel, but it is a regulation that they have to talk to the FAA after an accident.
The pilots were requested to provide both blood and urine samples. Upon the advice of their ALPA attorney, they refused to provide any blood samples, but did give urine samples. ALPA officials refused to respond to questions submitted by media reporters. Local law-enforcement officials were attempting to track down rumors that the FO had told Port Authority police after the crash, that the captain had been "mumbling and acting irrationally just before takeoff." However, they were never able to find any witnesses to substantiate that rumor.
The FAA did follow through with a suspension of their licenses, shortly after they finally appeared.
NTSB probable cause.
The National Transportation Safety Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was the captain's failure to exercise his command authority in a timely manner to reject the takeoff or take sufficient control to continue the takeoff, which was initiated with a mistrimmed rudder. Also causal was the captain's failure to detect the mistrimmed rudder before the takeoff was attempted.
Dramatisation.
The crash was shown on the television series Air Crash Investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="2901993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2901993" title="Akhund Abdul Ghaffur">
Akhund Abdul Ghaffur

Akhund Abdul Ghaffur (), commonly known as Saidu Baba (), was from the Gujjar tribe, and a prominent religious "Mullah" or sage, from Bar Swat. Akhund Ghaffur was a supporter of the Afghan Emir Dost Mohammad Khan, and opposed the Sikh and British forces. 
Akhund Ghaffur was an influential "Mullah" and his residence in Swat was the destination for numerous pilgrimages by his disciples to consult him. Akhund Ghaffur was succeeded by a notable line of other "Mullahs" and theologians.
Battles against Sikh and British forces.
In 1831, when the Muslim activist Syed Ahmad Barelvi was killed by the Sikhs along with hundreds of Barelvi's mujahideen in the battle of Balakot, many of his mujahideen stayed in Buner under the protection of Akhund Ghaffur. They started a new uprising against the British Empire under Akhund Ghaffur's leadership in 1862.
In 1834, Akhund Ghaffur cooperated with the Afghan Emir Dost Mohammad Khan in the battle against the Sikh Empire and brought a number of Ghazis and Talib al-'Ilm to the battle of Peshawar. In return, the Afghan Emir awarded Akhund Ghaffur with lands in Swat, Lundkhwar and Mardan among the Yusufzai. Eventually, when Akhund Ghaffur was about 43 years old, he permanently settled in Saidu Sharif and gradually turned it into a thriving city.
In 1863, Akhund Ghaffur lead the Yusufzai and other groups in a battle at the Ambela Pass against the British forces (see Ambela Campaign).
Establishment of a united Islamic state of Swat.
Akhund Ghaffur conferred a scheme for a united throne of Swat. In 1849, he nominated Sayyid Akbar Shah, a descendant of Pir Baba, as the emir of the Islamic state of Swat. After Akbar Shah's death in 1857, Akhund Ghaffur assumed control of the state himself till his own death in 1878.
Religious rivalry.
Akhund Ghaffur's greatest conflict was with Sayyid Maruf Bey Kotah Mullah, a supporter of the British-sponsored Emir Shah Shujah who had opposed Emir Dost Mohammad Khan in the battle against the Sikhs. Akhund Ghaffur referred to Kotah Mullah as a disciple of Pir Roshan and practitioner of heretical rituals, and managed to convince the Yusufzai of Buner to push Kotah Mullah out of the village where he was being hosted.

</doc>
<doc id="2902000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902000" title="Karthago">
Karthago

Karthago can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2902004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902004" title="Paul Newton">
Paul Newton

Paul Newton, is an Australian artist who has twice won the Packing Room Award at the Archibald Prize. Paul Newton won People's Choice Award in the year 2001 and with it he also won the Packing Room Prize. He won in 1996 with a portrait of announcer John Laws, and again in 2001 with a portrait of characters Roy Slaven and HG Nelson, which also won the People's Choice Award. 
He has works in the permanent collection of the National Portrait Gallery in Canberra, and is a portrait artist for Parliament House. He has painted Prime Ministers and Governor General William Deane. Other portraits by him have been Archibald Prize finalists including paintings of model Kate Fischer in 1997; model Maggie Tabberer in 1999; rugby player David Campese in 2000 (which was acquired by the National Portrait Gallery). He has also won portrait competitions in Philadelphia and the The Portrait Society of America's 2003 International Portrait Competition in Washington DC.
In 1999 a portrait he did of Bryce Courtenay was hung in the Salon des Refuses, Archibald. A portrait of John Doyle he did was also hung in the Salon des Refuses in 1995.
In 2003 an image painted on Ian Thorpe's jeans by Paul Newton was used as a pin for the Jeans for Genes Day and the jeans were later auctioned for $26,000 [http://www.jeans4genes.com.au/enews.php]
He holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Sydney and a Diploma of Art from the Julian Ashton Art school in Sydney.
He painted a portrait of Tara Moss which was a finalist in the Doug Moran National Portrait Prize, and which was 'highly commended' at the Shirley Hannan National Portrait Awards in Bega.[http://www.taramoss.com.au/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=226&]
Newton was commissioned to paint a depiction of the Madonna and Child 'Our Lady of the Southern Cross' for World Youth Day 2008, which now hangs permanently in St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney.
He was a finalist in the Archibald Prize in 2010 with his "Self portrait #2 – dark night of the soul" and in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2902006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902006" title="George Don">
George Don

George Don (29 April 1798 – 25 February 1856) was a Scottish botanist.
George Don was born at Doo Hillock, Forfar, Angus, Scotland on 29 April 1798. His father, also named George Don, was Superintendent of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh in 1802 and his mother was Caroline Clementina Stuart. George was the elder brother of David Don, also a botanist. The younger George Don became foreman of the gardens at Chelsea in 1816. In 1821 he was sent to Brazil, the West Indies and Sierra Leone to collect specimens for the Royal Horticultural Society. Most of his discoveries were published by Joseph Sabine, although Don published several new species from Sierra Leone.
Don's main work was his four volume "A General System of Gardening and Botany", published between 1832 and 1838 (often referred to as Gen. Hist., an abbreviation of the alternative title: "A General History of the Dichlamydeous Plants"). He revised the first supplement to Loudon's "Encyclopaedia of Plants", and provided a Linnean arrangement to Loudon's "Hortus Britannicus". He also wrote a monograph on the genus "Allium" and a review of "Combretum". He died at Kensington, London, on 25 February 1856.
The plant species authored by George Don include:
See also List of Australian plant species authored by George Don. 

</doc>
<doc id="2902007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902007" title="Keeping the Promise for a Strong Economy Act (Budget Measures), 2002">
Keeping the Promise for a Strong Economy Act (Budget Measures), 2002

The Keeping the Promise for a Strong Economy Act (Budget Measures), 2002, also known as Bill 198, was an Ontario legislative bill effective April 7, 2003, which provides for regulation of securities issued in the province of Ontario. The legislation encompasses many areas. It is perhaps best known for clauses that provide equivalent legislation to the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures. Thus, it is also known as the "Canadian Sarbanes-Oxley" Act or C-SOX ("see-socks").
In October 2002, Janet Ecker, as Minister of Finance, introduced an omnibus bill in the legislature entitled "Keeping the Promise for a Strong Economy Act (Budget Measures), 2002", now simply referred to as Bill 198. It was enacted as Chapter 22 of the Statutes of Ontario, 2002. Bill 198 received Royal Assent on December 9, 2002 and the amendments to the securities provisions of Bill 198 proclaimed in force on April 7, 2003. Bill 198 amends Part XXIII.1 of the Ontario "Securities Act".
As a budgetary legislation, it touched on many different aspects of government operation. Provisions included measures about corporate disclosure, auto insurance and tax. Thus, only a small portion of Bill 198 was relevant to "Sarbanes-Oxley" issues.
In June 2003, all Canadian securities commissions (except the British Columbia Securities Commission) issued three regulations for public comment designed to build on Bill 198:
MI 52-109 has been agreed to by the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA), and covers additional SarbOx issues.

</doc>
<doc id="2902018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902018" title="Ariano Irpino">
Ariano Irpino

Ariano Irpino (formerly Ariano di Puglia or simply Ariano) is a municipality in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of Italy on the railway between Benevento and Foggia, about east of the former.
Geography.
At an elevation of above sea level, Ariano Irpino is practically centred between the Adriatic Sea and the Tyrrhenian Sea. Formerly called just Ariano, it was built on three hills, and for that reason it is also known as "Città del Tricolle" (City of the Three Hills). From 1868 to 1930, when it became part of Campania, it was known as Ariano di Puglia. "Irpinia" is the name given to the area of the Apennine Mountains around Avellino. The name derives from the Oscan word hirpus, meaning wolf.
Ariano lies in the centre of a fertile district, but has no buildings of importance, as it has often been devastated by earthquakes. A considerable part of the population still dwelled in caves until 1911. It has been supposed to occupy the site of "Aequum Tuticum", an ancient Samnite town which became a post-station on the Via Traiana in Roman times; but this should probably be sought at S. Eleuterio, north. It was a military position of some importance in the Middle Ages. About south-southeast is the Sorgente Mefita, identical with the pools of Ampsanctus.
History.
The city's origins are very ancient having been settled since the Neolithic (circa 7000 BC) and continued to be inhabited until around 900 BC. Successively a tribe of the brave Samnites, the Hirpini, the warriors of the wolf, founded Aequum Tuticum; a site which within years became Roman while benefitting from its fortuitous location at the crossing of two major routes, the Via Traiana road and the Via Herculeia.
The decline of Aequum Tuticum began with the first barbaric invasions.
As a result of this, the three hills started to be inhabited, a high and easily defendable place, and it is here that Ariano was born, a fortified city in a strategic position; today its ancient and formidable defensive walls are still recognizable and are part of the city.
In a secure place away from the invasions of the Goths and Byzantines, Ariano is a fortified city of the Lombards. Around 1000 the Castle was built to defend the city against the Byzantines which, although ruined, still proudly stands in the "Villa Comunale" city park.
Successively conquered by the Normans, in 1140 it was the place where were promulgated, by Roger II of Sicily, the Assizes of Ariano, the then-new constitution of the Kingdom of Sicily. This legal corpus will be adopted almost integrally and with a few variations into the Constitutions of Melfi of the Emperor Frederick II. In the same year it is coined the ducat, a coin that will last for seven centuries, until 1860.
In 1255, Manfred of Hohenstaufen, son of Frederick, besieged the city, which resisted strongly thanks to its walls and the combative nature of the inhabitants. During the siege, a group of soldiers from Lucera pretended to be disserters of Manfred's army, and were welcomed into the city. During the night, they revealed their double face, sacking and destroying the city with the fire and killing all the inhabitants. There's still a road in memory of that tragic event, called "La Carnale" (The Carnage).
More than ten years later, in 1266, Charles I of Anjou rebuilt the city and gave it two thorns of the crown of Christ, still conserved in a reliquary into the city's Romanesque cathedral. All these happenings are reproduced every year in the "Rievocazione Storica del Dono delle Sante Spine" (Historical Reinvocation of the Gift of the Sacred Thorns) and in the reproduction of the "Incendio del Campanile" (Belltower Burning), a pyrotechnic event that lights the main square of the city and the side of the cathedral.
After the Capetian House of Anjou lost control of Sicily to Peter III of Aragon in the War of the Sicilian Vespers, the city passed to the Provenzale dei Desambramo family from 1294 to 1413; and then in the hands of the Carafa family and the House of Gonzaga. Still today are there in the city buildings that were of the Spanish families which governed at that time. On 2 August 1545 the city rebelled against the feudal regime and became a "Città Regia" (city-state) dependent on the Viceroy of the Kingdom of Sicily.
Majolica.
Ariano is known for the production of majolica, a tin-glazed pottery. The first examples date from the 13th century under the Moorish influence of the Spanish, but Ariano Irpino's majolica became more refined around the 18th century, when the first amphoras and pitchers appear, often simple in the shape, but thinly elaborated. Today's production is bigger than ever, including flask, busts, cups, plates, figures, amphoras. All pieces are splendidly decorated by the craftsmen of Ariano, and often have a fine and elaborate shape.
In popular culture.
The fictitious crime family depicted in the American television series "The Sopranos" trace their origins to this city.
Precisely the capostipites of the Soprano family (Corrado Soprano Sr. and Mariangela D'Agostino) emigrated from Ariano to New Jersey in 1911 (when the city was still called Ariano di Puglia); and also some other characters state that they are from Ariano. Specifically Paulie Gualtieri states his grandfather was from Ariano Irpino in the episode Commendatori. The likely reason for this connection is that series creator David Chase traces his mother's family origins to Ariano.

</doc>
<doc id="2902033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902033" title="Penleigh Boyd">
Penleigh Boyd

Theodore Penleigh Boyd (15 August 1890 – 27 November 1923) was an Australian artist.
Penleigh Boyd was a member of the Boyd artistic dynasty: his parents Arthur Merric Boyd (1862–1940) and Emma Minnie Boyd (née à Beckett) were well-known artists of the day, and his brothers included Merric Boyd the ceramacist (1888–1959) and the novelist Martin Boyd (1893–1972). His son Robin Boyd (1919–1971) became a famous and influential architect, educator and social commentator, and his nephews Arthur Boyd, Guy Boyd and David Boyd became prominent artists. 
Born in England at Penleigh House, Westbury, Wiltshire, Boyd received his artistic training from his parents and at the National Gallery Art School. He had his first exhibition at the Victorian Artists' Society at 18, and exhibited at the Royal Academy in London at 21. He won second prize in the Australian Federal Government's competition for a painting of the site of the new national capital, Canberra. He won the Wynne Prize in 1914 with "Landscape". 
His Queensland-born wife, Edith Susan Gerard Anderson, was herself a skilled painter and also came from a cultivated family. Her father had been Director of the Queensland Department of Public Instruction, her brother Arthur was a prominent doctor, and her eldest sister Maud was of one of the first women to graduate with a B.A. degree from the University of Sydney (and is possibly Queensland's first female university graduate).
Penleigh Boyd travelled to Europe in 1911. He met Edith (who was ten years his senior) in Paris in 1912 and they married there on 15 October that year; painter E. Phillips Fox was a witness, and Rupert Bunny and Bessie Gibson were among the guests at the reception. The couple returned to Australia in 1913 and settled in Melbourne; their first child (Pamela) was born in the spring of 1913, but she died two weeks later. 
In 1914, with his painting career flourishing, Penleigh purchased a block of land at Warrandyte and built a family home and studio, "The Robins". The Boyd's second child John á Beckett Boyd (known to all as Pat) was born in 1915. Soon after, Penleigh enlisted in the AIF. Like his brothers Martin and Merric, he served in France during World War I but he was gassed at Ypres in 1917 (which left him with lasting physical problems) and he was invalided back to England and repatriated to Australia in March 1918.
The Boyd's second son Robin was born in January 1919. Penleigh continued to paint prolifically for the rest of his life, although his war service also left permanent psychological scars. In 1922 he took the remarkable step of selling "The Robins" and moving the family to Sydney; soon after was enlisted by Sydney Ure Smith as one of the organisers of a major exhibition of contemporary European art. Penleigh took his family with him to England late in the year to pick paintings but returned to Australia without them in June 1923 to set up the exhibition, which was staged in Sydney and Melbourne in July–August. 
Possibly as a result of his involvement in the exhibition, Penleigh grew disillusioned with his recent work, and he destroyed many of his lesser paintings and sold some of his better ones, realising ₤2500. During his wife's absence he carried on an open affair with Minna Schuler, daughter of the editor of "The Age" but shortly before Edith and the children returned he bought back "The Robins" as well as purchasing a new Hudson car. He met his family at Port Melbourne when they returned on 24 November, but he and Edith quarrelled almost immediately.
On 28 November, for reasons unknown, he took the Hudson to drive to Sydney. Although he was a skilled driver, he lost control on a sharp bend near Warragul and the car overturned. His passenger survived, but Penleigh suffered terrible injuries and died at the scene within minutes. Fortunately for his wife, the combination of the money from his estate (including the proceeds of the sale of "The Robins", the repaired car and about 40 paintings) plus a small inheritance from her father and an annual allowance from Penleigh's father enabled her to support their sons Pat and Robin without needing to work, even during the depths of the Depression.
Penleigh Boyd is best known as a landscapist with an accomplished handling of evanescent effects of light. A notable influence was artist E. Phillips Fox, who introduced him to plein air techniques when they were neighbours in Paris in 1912–1913. At his death his obiturists compared him to Arthur Streeton and rated him as one of the most promising painters of his generation.

</doc>
<doc id="2902045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902045" title="The Fabulous Wailers">
The Fabulous Wailers

The Wailers, often credited as The Fabulous Wailers, were an American rock band from Tacoma, Washington. They became popular around the United States Pacific Northwest around the late 1950s and the start of the 1960s, performing saxophone-driven R&B and Chuck Berry rock and roll. Their biggest hit was "Tall Cool One", first released in 1959, and they have been credited as being "one of the very first, if not the first, of the American garage bands."
Career.
The group was formed – originally as The Nitecaps – in 1958, by five high school friends:
In late 1958, the group recorded a demo of an instrumental written by Dangel, Morrill and Greek, which found its way to Clark Galehouse of New York based Golden Crest Records. He liked the track and had it re-recorded by the band in Lakewood in February 1959; its title "Tall Cool One" was apparently suggested by Morrill's mother. Released as a single, it reached # 36 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and # 24 on the R&B chart. The band made the cross-country trip to New York to record an LP, "The Fabulous Wailers", which was released in December 1959 and featured two vocals by Morrill as well as instrumentals. They also appeared on Dick Clark's nationally televised "American Bandstand", and toured the east coast. A second instrumental from their first recording session, "Mau-Mau", made # 68 on the "Billboard" pop chart, but their third single, "Wailin'", failed to make the chart.
The band decided to return to the Northwest, rather than staying in New York as their record label wished, and they were dropped from their contract. Around the same time, they added lead vocalist "Rockin' Robin" Roberts (Lawrence Fewell Roberts II), a charismatic frontman who had previously been the singer with rival Tacoma band the Bluenotes. John Greek left the group in acrimonious circumstances, and was replaced by bassist John "Buck" Ormsby (b. Seattle, 1941). Ormsby, Morrill and Roberts then formed Etiquette Records and, in 1961, the label released its first single, a cover version of Richard Berry's "Louie Louie". For contractual reasons the single was credited to Roberts, but was performed by the whole band. Their recording became a local hit and was distributed nationally by Imperial Records, but did not make the national chart. However, its style, with its trademark "1-2-3, 1-2, 1-2-3" riff, inspired other groups from the Seattle area, most notably the Kingsmen of Portland, Oregon, to record the same song.
The Wailers continued to perform locally and, according to Morrill, one of their biggest fans was the young Jimi Hendrix, then starting to perform guitar. The band performed both with and without Roberts, who studied at the University of Washington, the University of Puget Sound, and Oregon State University, eventually achieving a masters degree in biochemistry. They also occasionally featured teenage girl singer Gail Harris, notably on the live album "The Fabulous Wailers at the Castle", recorded in 1961, which has been described as "undoubtedly one of the most influential albums in Seattle rock & roll history." In all, the band recorded and released four albums on their own Etiquette label between 1962 and 1966, as well as a succession of singles. They also helped instigate the recording career of The Sonics, whose first two albums were issued by the label, and helped begin Jini Dellaccio's career as a rock'n'roll photographer when they hired her to shoot cover photos for their album "Wailers, Wailers, Everywhere".
Mark Marush left The Wailers in 1962 and was replaced by Ron Gardner, who also handled lead vocals; Dangel and Burk left in 1964 and were replaced by guitarist Neil Andersson and drummer Dave Roland respectively. Continuing to perform live as well as recording, the band added a trio of girl backing singers, known as the Marshans. Also in 1964, "Tall Cool One" was re-promoted by the Golden Crest label, and again made the "Billboard" pop chart, this time peaking at # 38. In 1965 Roberts made his final recordings with the group, and, in 1967, guitarist Neil Andersson was replaced by Denny Weaver. Roberts was killed, aged 27, in a car crash in late 1967.
The band split up in 1969, by which time Kent Morrill was the only remaining original member. Morrill, Dangel and Ormsby, with other musicians, reunited as The Wailers for occasional concerts from the 1970s onwards. In 1979, they joined with Burk, Gardner, and Gail Harris to play a reunion show.
Later activities.
Ormsby re-established the Etiquette label in the mid-1980s, and issued a Wailers compilation, "The Boys from Tacoma", in 1993. The Wailers' song, "Out of Our Tree", was featured in the 1998 CD version of the "" collection. Several of the Wailers' tunes were also covered by The Ventures, and the two bands released an album together, "Two Car Garage", in 2009 to celebrate their 50 years in existence.
Ron Gardner died in 1992. Richard Dangel died of an aneurysm in 2002. John Greek died in 2006, Mark Marush in 2007, and Kent Morrill died of cancer on 15 April 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2902061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902061" title="Petit Trianon">
Petit Trianon

Petit Trianon (; "small Trianon"), built between 1762 and 1768 during the reign of Louis XV, is a small château located on the grounds of the Palace of Versailles in Versailles, France. The park of the Grand Trianon includes the Petit Trianon. 
Design and construction.
It was designed by Ange-Jacques Gabriel by the order of Louis XV for his long-term mistress, Madame de Pompadour, and was constructed between 1762 and 1768. But Madame de Pompadour died four years before its completion, and it was subsequently occupied by her successor, Madame du Barry. Upon his accession to the throne in 1774, the 20-year-old Louis XVI gave the château and its surrounding park to his 19-year-old Queen Marie Antoinette for her exclusive use and enjoyment. Marie longed to escape Louis and his court, and he gave her just the place... Marie Antoinette thought of the Petit Trianon as a 'sacred place', so she never had visitors. Swiss guards, gardeners, and maids never followed her there. They knew she had no interest in seeing them, and had to fulfill their duties back at the palace. Of course, after she passed, others said otherwise. 
The château of the Petit Trianon is a celebrated example of the transition from the Rococo style of the earlier part of the 18th century, to the more sober and refined, Neoclassical style of the 1760s and onward. Essentially an exercise on a cube, the Petit Trianon attracts interest by virtue of its four facades, each thoughtfully designed according to that part of the estate it would face. The Corinthian order predominates, with two detached and two semi-detached pillars on the side of the formal French garden, and pilasters facing both the courtyard and the area once occupied by Louis XV's greenhouses. Overlooking the former botanical garden of the king, the remaining facade was left bare. The subtle use of steps compensates for the differences in level of the château's inclined location.
Marie Antoinette would come to the Petit Trianon not only to escape the formality of court life, but also to shake off the burden of her royal responsibilities. At Versailles, she was under considerable pressure and judgement from both her family and the court, and the Petit Trianon was her place of ease and leisure where she could rest from those trials. Since all was "de par la Reine" (by order of the Queen), none were permitted to enter the property without the Queen's express permission (not even, it was said, Louis XVI). Such exclusivity alienated the court nobility, which she did very willingly, since only the queen's "inner circle" (including the Princess de Lamballe, and Gabrielle de Polastron, duchesse de Polignac) were invited.
A house of intimacy and of pleasure, the building was designed to require as little interaction between guests and servants as possible. To that end, the table in the "salles à manger" was conceived to be mobile, mechanically lowered and raised through the floorboards so that the servants below could set places sight unseen. The tables were never built, but the delineation for the mechanical apparatus can still be seen from the foundation.
Within the queen's apartment, one discerns Marie Antoinette's incessant need for privacy: the decor of her boudoir displays an inventiveness unique to the age, featuring mirrored panels that, by the simple turning of a crank, can be raised or lowered to obscure the windows. Her bedroom, although simple, is also elegant in accord with her general style, provided with furniture from Georges Jacob and Jean Henri Riesener. The wallpaper was painted by Jean-Baptiste Pillement.
Derivative buildings.
The design of the Kentucky Governor's Mansion was inspired by Petit Trianon. The Koshland Mansion in San Francisco is a copy of le Petit Trianon [http://www.sfcityguides.org/public_guidelines.html?article=205&submitted=TRUE&srch_text=&submitted2=&topic=Buildings%20and%20Theaters].
The building of the Academia Brasileira de Letras in Rio de Janeiro, built by the French Government and donated to the Academia de Letras, is also based on the Petit Trianon. The building in Rio is also called "Petit Trianon".

</doc>
<doc id="2902065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902065" title="Neal Cotts">
Neal Cotts

Neal James Cotts (born March 25, 1980) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball.
College career.
Cotts attended Illinois State University, and won first-team All-Missouri Valley Conference honors and was named to the ABCA All-Midwest Region team. He was drafted by the Oakland Athletics 69th overall in the 2nd round of the 2001 draft, becoming the second highest player drafted in the history of Illinois State. Neal finished his collegiate career ranked fifth all-time in strikeouts with 263 in just three seasons with the Redbirds.
Professional career.
Cotts spent the 2002 season at Single-A Modesto of the California League, winning 12 games in 28 starts. Over the off-season, Cotts was traded to the Chicago White Sox in a six-player deal involving relief pitchers Billy Koch and Keith Foulke.
Cotts began the 2003 season ranked as the number three prospect in the White Sox farm system. He started his year at Double-A Birmingham, of the Southern League, going 9-6 with a 2.12 ERA, and 131 strikeouts. In July 2003, Cotts started for the United States in Major League Baseball's Futures Game. He debuted for Chicago on August 12, 2003, starting against the Anaheim Angels and pitched 2.1 innings, allowing two runs, two hits and six walks. He received a no-decision in the game. On August 22, Cotts won his first game against the Texas Rangers, pitching five innings and allowing five hits. Cotts ended the season with a record of 1-1 and an 8.10 ERA.
In 2004, new manager Ozzie Guillén inserted Cotts into the bullpen. Cotts finished April with a 0.90 ERA, but from May–July had an ERA of 8.28. He finished the season with 65.1 innings pitched, a 4-4 record, and an ERA of 5.65. On June 18, Cotts got his first major league hit, a double, off Luis Ayala of the Montreal Expos.
In 2005, Cotts went 4-0 while appearing in 69 games, throwing 60.1 innings and compiling a 1.94 ERA, 58 strikeouts, and yielding just 1 home run. MLB.com awarded Cotts the "Setup Man of the Year Award", an award determined by fan voting. In the American League Championship Series, Cotts was the only person to pitch out of the bullpen in the Sox 4-1 series win, throwing 2/3 of an inning in Game 1. Cotts pitched in all four games of the World Series and was the winning pitcher Game 2.
On November 16, 2006, Cotts was traded to the Chicago Cubs for relief pitcher David Aardsma and minor league pitcher Carlos Vásquez.
On May 21, 2007, the Cubs optioned Cotts to Triple-A Iowa, recalling left-handed pitcher Sean Marshall.
On December 13, 2007, the Cubs re-signed Cotts to a one-year contract for $800,000. Cotts began the 2008 season in AAA, as he'd ended the previous season. He would be recalled from AAA, however, in May and remained with Cubs as their primary left handed reliever after trading away veteran pitcher, Scott Eyre.
In 2009, Cotts started with the Cubs but was demoted to the team's AAA minor league Iowa club in May. On June 24, he felt a sharp pain while pitching for Iowa and his season was over with an elbow ligament injury. Cotts underwent successful Tommy John Surgery in July 2009. He was non-tendered on December 12 and became a free agent.
On January 4, 2010, Cotts signed a minor-league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates with an invite to spring training. In June 2010, Cotts had the first of four surgeries on his hip ending his comeback bid for the season. On September 17, 2010 Cotts was released by the Pittsburgh Pirates.
On November 22, 2010 Cotts signed a minor league contract with the New York Yankees with an invitation to 2011 spring training. Cotts was released by the Yankees on February 16, 2011 due to the results of his physical. For the second straight season, Cotts did not pitch professionally.
Cotts signed with the Texas Rangers and was in contention in spring training to return to the Major Leagues but suffered an arm strain injury. He finally appeared in a professional game for the first time since 2009 on June 11, 2012 pitching for the Texas Rangers' Triple-A affiliate Round Rock. He finished the season with Round Rock posting a 4.55 ERA with 3 saves while striking out 41 in 31.2 innings.
On November 12, 2012, Cotts signed a minor league deal with an invitation to spring training to return to the Rangers organization. Cotts failed to make the Rangers out of spring training in 2013 and rejoined Round Rock. He posted a 0.78 ERA going 3-1 and was promoted to the Rangers on May 21, 2013. After a nearly four year absence from the Major Leagues, Cotts threw six pitches against Oakland on May 21. His agent Joe Bick said, "When he went back to the mound that first time, I had a lump the size of a softball in my throat.” Cotts said of his return to the Major Leagues, "There's a point where you go through all of it where you don't know if you're ever going to play again; I never was really accepting of that." Cotts became a left-handed specialist for the Rangers bullpen. However, Cotts has had better platoon splits against right-handed batters than left-handed batters since joining the Rangers. In 2013, Cotts held opposing right-handed batters to a measly .436 On-base plus slugging percentage, and left-handed hitters had a .565 OPS. In 2014 so far, he has a .625 opponent's OPS versus right-handed batters, and same-handed batters are hitting .791 off him.

</doc>
<doc id="2902074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902074" title="Myles William Patrick O'Reilly">
Myles William Patrick O'Reilly

Myles William Patrick O'Reilly was a Catholic soldier and publicist. Born in Balbriggan, Ireland in 1825; died in Dublin, Ireland in 1880.
Career.
He was commissioned a captain in the Louth Rifles in 1854, and when the Roman crisis arose he offered his services to Pope Pius IX against Giuseppe Garibaldi. Raising an Irish brigade of 900 men, he fought in every battle until the surrender of Spoleto in September 1860.
Subsequently he was elected a member of Parliament for Longford from 1862 to 1876, and was one of the founders of the Home Rule movement. In addition to his historical "Sufferings for the Faith in Ireland" (1868), his pen was ever active in defence of the Holy See and Catholic interests.
See also.
Second Italian War of Independence

</doc>
<doc id="2902077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902077" title="Russian fascism">
Russian fascism

Russian fascism may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2902080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902080" title="China Airlines Flight 140">
China Airlines Flight 140

China Airlines Flight 140 was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from Chiang Kai-shek International Airport in Taipei, Taiwan, to Nagoya Airport in Nagoya, Japan. On 26 April 1994, the Airbus A300B4-622R was completing a routine flight and approach, when, just before landing at Nagoya Airport, the First Officer inadvertently pressed the Takeoff/Go-around button (also known as a TO/GA) which raises the throttle position to the same as take offs and go-arounds.
Pilot Wang Lo-chi () and copilot Chuang Meng-jung () attempted to correct the situation by manually reducing the throttles and pushing the yoke downwards. The autopilot then acted against these inputs (as it is programmed to do when the TO/GA button is activated), causing the nose to pitch up sharply. This nose-high attitude, combined with decreasing airspeed due to insufficient thrust, resulted in an aerodynamic stall of the aircraft. With insufficient altitude to recover from this condition, the subsequent crash killed 264 (15 crew and 249 passengers) of the 271 (15 crew and 256 passengers) people aboard. All passengers who survived the accident were seated in rows 7 through 15.
The crash, which destroyed the aircraft (delivered fewer than 3 years earlier in 1991), was attributed to crew error for their failure to correct the controls as well as the airspeed.
To date, the accident remains the deadliest accident in the history of China Airlines, and the second-deadliest aviation accident on Japanese soil, behind Japan Airlines Flight 123. It is also the third-deadliest aviation accident involving an Airbus A300, after Iran Air Flight 655 and later American Airlines Flight 587.
Passengers.
Most of the passengers were Taiwanese and Japanese; 153 Japanese and 101 non-Japanese were on the flight. Two infants were on the flight. Most of the Japanese passengers were returning from package tours. An official from the airline said that 63 of the passengers were Taiwanese.
Chronology of the flight.
The flight took off from Chiang Kai-shek International Airport at 17:53 Japan Standard Time bound for Nagoya Airport. The en route flight was uneventful and the descent started at 19:47, and the airplane passed the outer marker at 20:12. Just from the runway threshold at AGL, the airplane levelled off for about 15 seconds and continued descending until about where there were two bursts of thrust applied in quick succession and the airplane was nose up in a steep climb. Airspeed dropped quickly, the airplane stalled, the nose dropped. The captain tried to pull back on the control column but was unsuccessful and the airplane struck the ground at 20:15:45. 31-year old Noriyasu Shirai, a survivor, said that a flight attendant announced that the plane would crash after the aircraft stalled. Sylvanie Detonio, who had survived by 27 April, said that passengers received no warning prior to the crash.
On 27 April 1994, officials said there were ten survivors (including a 3-year old) and that a Filipino, two Taiwanese, and seven Japanese survived. 
By 6 May, only seven remained alive, including three children. A doctor expressed surprise in response to the survival of two of the children.
Court proceedings.
Japanese prosecutors declined to pursue charges of professional negligence on the airline's senior management as it was "difficult to call into question the criminal responsibility of the four individuals because aptitude levels achieved through training at the carrier were similar to those at other airlines." The pilots could not be prosecuted since they died in the accident.
A class action suit was filed against China Airlines and Airbus Industrie for compensation. In December 2003, the Nagoya District Court ordered China Airlines to pay a combined 5 billion yen to 232 people, but cleared Airbus of liability. Some of the bereaved and survivors felt that the compensation was inadequate and a further class action suit was filed and ultimately settled in April 2007 when the airline apologized for the accident and provided additional compensation.
Software upgrade.
There had been earlier "out-of-trim incidents" with the Airbus A300-600R. So Airbus had the company that made the flight control computer produce a modification to the air flight system that would disengage the autopilot "when certain manual controls input is applied on the control wheel in GO-AROUND mode". This modification was first available in September 1993, and the aircraft that crashed had been scheduled to receive it. It had not received it at the time of the crash, because "China Airlines judged that the modifications were not urgent".

</doc>
<doc id="2902084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902084" title="Choszczno">
Choszczno

Choszczno () is a town (population around 16,173) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. The town is located in a marshy district between the river Stobnica and Klukom lake, southwest of Stargard Szczeciński and on the main railway line between Szczecin and Poznań. Besides the Gothic church, there are a number of historical buildings from the 19th century industrial period namely, a gasification plant and a water pressure tower which dominates the town's skyline.
Choszczno is the administrative centre of Choszczno County.
The town was badly affected by the Second World War: 80% of its buildings were damaged or destroyed. The town was rebuilt and is now a center for local government of the Choszczno commune (). Due to its microclimate the town has become a rehabilitation center for convalescing patients. The close proximity of the lakes has made it a tourist destination for water sports. Other tourist attractions are 'Wodny Raj' aqua park and Drawieński National Park, located to the east near the town of Drawno.
Choszczno has a strong military tradition and is the home base for the 2nd Artillery Regiment which is part of the 12th Mechanised Division headquartered in Szczecin.
The town's industries include: machinery, and the manufacture of clothing, animal feeds and starch.
History.
The area of modern Choszczno County was inhabited going back to at least the 5th century BC, Germanic peoples lived in the are around 1 AD, and no later than 7th century it was settled by Slavs. A defensive gród and most likely a trading settlement was located at the site of modern Choszczno according to city authorities. In the years 963–967 the area was incorporated into Piast Poland by the Polish ruler Mieszko I, though due to the fact that it was on the border of Poland, towards the end of the 11th century the ties with the central authority of the Polish dukes became looser. Control of the Polish rulers over the Choszczno area was reestablished in 1122 by Bolesław III Wrymouth. After his death and the resulting Feudal fragmentation of Poland among his descendants, the region passed to the Mieszko III the Old of the Duchy of Greater Poland. Under Wrymouth, the region had been included within the Greater Polish castellanies of Drzeń (Drezdenko, Driesen) and Santok (Zantoch), with the area around modern Choszczno belonging to the northernmost part of the latter. Thus, this area was the northwesternmost portion of the Polish state, and its history departed from that of Western Pomerania which it bordered. The castellans of Drzeń and Santok however exerted direct control only in the core areas of their castellanies, i.e., the area around the Warta and Notec rivers, while the areas in the north were administered by a local Pomeranian tributary nobility.
Through the later 12th and early 13th centuries, Greater Poland had lost control over the northern areas of the Drzeń and Santok castellanies, and the Pomeranians had stopped paying tribute. In the mid-13th crentury, the area was contested again, when the Silesian dukes took the Santok castellany from Greater Poland (peace with Greater Poland's Władysław Odonic in 1234) and expanded north of the Warta into Pomerania, then ruled by Barnim I who in turn was a vassal of the Brandenburgian margraves. This was a period of abundant donations made by all participants (Barnim, Odonic and Henry) to monk orders, whom the donators expected to secure their borderlands and/or claims. By 1250 however, Barnim had retaken most of the areas lost in the Warta and Notec area before, and held the northern part of the former Santok and Drzeń castellanies. During the next years, the margraves expanded their New March northward at the expense of Barnim.
Hoscno, Sovin, Treben.
The oldest traces of settlement in close vicinity to modern Choszczno are the archaeological remains of a late Slavic settlement two kilometers west of the modern town, near Lake Stawin, with an adjacent rampart. The rampart had also been interpreted as late Slavic, yet an archaeological survey did not yield late Slavic finds, but early German finds instead. Therefore, the rampart and the ruins inside are thought to be the remains of the Cistercian grange Sovin. The duke of Greater Poland, Władysław Odonic, donated the Choszczno area to the Cistercian Kolbatz Abbey in 1233. While it was proposed that in this or in a 1234 document, "Hoscno" appears as the oldest written mention of Choszczno, this assertion has been refuted. Since Odonic made the donation without being in actual control of the area, the Kolbatz monks asked for recognition by the Pomeranian duke Barnim I, which was granted in 1237. The Kolbatz monks then started settlement and amelioration of the grant (Ostsiedlung), including the construction of the town of Treben northwest of Sovin, which however was abandoned soon after.
Medieval Arnswalde, Choszczno.
The Brandenburgian margraves, who had established the core of the later New March at the lower Warta, took control of the area between around 1263 and 1269. The margraves' intervention was triggered by a dispute between Barnim and the Order of Saint John: Barnim, unable to pay his debts to the order, refused to hand over territories around Sovin which Albertus Magnus, at the behest of the pope, had selected for compensation. Among those who would have been affected by the transition of these territories was Ludwig von Wedel, an influential magnate who had just changed his allegiance from Barnim toward the margraves. It was most probably him who called the Brandenburgians for help, since they were able to prevent the hand-over through their veto as Barnim's feudal suzerains, a position they held since 1231/34. While Barnim was excommunicated for his refusal, the margraves took control of the area and renounced Barnim's claim to it, the von Wedel family however was assured their possessions.
In this context, the margraves founded the town of Arnswalde east of Sovin, at the site of the modern city center. The name derives from "Arn," an old German word for eagle (the margravians' heraldic beast); and "Wald(e)," also "Wold(e)," meaning woods or forest.
This town, built between 1269 and 1289 and in the beginning populated with people from Angermünde, was first mentioned in 1269 as the site of the conclusion of the treaty of Arnswalde. The Cistercians were expelled from Sovin, and barred from returning despite multiple respective efforts. The remaining inhabitants of Sovin probably settled in Arnswalde, from where the surrounding area "(terra Arnswalde)" was henceforth administered. Treben lost its function as a regional central market to Arnswalde.
The Arnswalde area remained contested between Barnim I and the Brandenburgian margraves, who had taken from him a large area between the Warta-Notec line and the lower Ina (Ihna) rivers by 1269. Despite being married to margrave Otto III's daughter in 1267, Barnim went to war with the margraves over the Arnswalde area between 1273 and 1275. When the dispute was settled in 1278, Barnim recovered the area northwest of Arnswalde, while the town's surroundings and the areas to the south and east remained with the margraves: Arnswalde henceforth was a frontier town near the border between the duchy of Pomerania and the New March.
Medieval Arnswalde consisted of four districts enclosed by a ring of the city walls and other defensive structures and the surrounding area (154 "Hufen" by 1455). In a 1307 document, the Order of St. John received the patronage over the church from the margraves, which is the first written record of the church. A regional center of trade and craftsmanship, Arnswalde became one of the larger cities in the New March.
The town is documented as Choszczno in Polish sources from the 15th century.
From 1402 to 1454/1455, the New March was pawned to the Teutonic Order. Arnswalde became a center of opposition against the order's rule, and after the council paid tribute to the Polish king in 1433, the city was in political dependence to Poland until 1437. In 1443, during a rebellion against the order, the order erected a castle in the town that served as the seat of a local administrator. The castle was levelled when the order's rule ended in 1454. During the rebellion the town was mentioned in the chronicles of Jan Długosz as "Harnsswald alias Choschczno".
Since 1472, the district surrounding the town was administered by a Brandenburgian landvogt residing in Arnswalde.
Throughout the 16th and early 17th centuries, Arnswalde prospered. By population, it was the second largest town in the New March during the late 16th century. In the early 17th century, four markets were regularly held for craft products and an additional one for horses. However, during the Thirty Years' War the town was stricken by plagues and destroyed by fires and warfare. Less than 500 people remained in the ruined town by 1649, and Arnswalde lost its pre-war importance.
Kingdom of Prussia.
Stability occurred once Arnswalde become part of the Kingdom of Prussia, and to signify its importance a permanent garrison was stationed in the town from 1719. In this period the town advanced economically and socially with the establishment of a new postal route to Stargard (Stargard Szczeciński). The 18th century again brought difficulties and the town experienced a number of tragedies caused by the plague, the worst one occurred in 1800 when 65 children perished.
The 19th century was a great time for the development of Arnswalde. It was linked by railway with Stettin and Posen (Szczecin and Poznań) in 1848 and later with Berlin, also in the Brandenburg region. Since now mass public transportation could be realized at lower costs, a new tourist industry was established in the town. The microclimate in the region drew in weekend tourists from as far as Berlin and Brandenburg whilst the new hospital next to the lake catered for convalescing patients. The railway was also a catalyst for the local manufacturing industry as it provided an affordable transport of goods to the Port of Stettin (Szczecin), because of this a brewery and a textile industry flourished.
In 1905 a new hospital was opened and was situated on the bank of lake "Klückensee" (since 1945 called "Lake Klukom"). The First World War had little effect on Arnswalde but the post-war German depression damaged the tourist economy. In the framework of the demilitarisation of post-war Germany the garrison was disbanded, but in 1938 it was reinstated.
World War II.
In 1939, short after the beginning of Second World War, the prisoner of war camp Oflag II B was established on the outskirt of the town. At the beginning, the majority of the prisoners were Polish and French. The Poles were used in the city as slave labor by the Germans.
With the collapse of the German eastern front throughout the Red Army Vistula-Oder Offensive of 1945, Arnswalde was on the front line. Because of the town's strategic position of protecting Stargard and Stettin seaport, a strong German garrison had been concentrated within the town to defend it. During the Russian offensive bitter fighting occurred, which resulted in almost 80% damage of the towns infrastructure. After the German resistance stopped in 23 February 1945, Arnswalde, now "Choszczno" again, was handed over to the Poles for administration as a part of the so-called Recovered Territories.
The German inhabitants either fled westwards or were expelled. The town was mainly repopulated by Polish expellees from the Polish territories lost to Soviet Union, now part of Lithuania, Belarus, and Ukraine—the so-called Kresy, lands eastern to the Curzon Line. It was initially renamed as Choczno, later as Choczen in 1945. It was finally renamed as "Choszczno" in 7 May 1946.
After 1945.
The first Polish institution to send its representatives to the "recovered" town was the Polish State Railways (PKP). In 1946 the first Polish education institution the "Bolesław Krzywousty" high school was opened. Due to the damage sustained by the town, the majority of the burnt out buildings were dismantled and the reclaimed bricks were sent for the rebuilding of Warsaw. Only after 1956, when the territory situation seemed to be clarified, the process of rebuilding started properly and investment by the Polish government begun. Due to the population growth the local government invested in new housing, and in 1959 the first newly built housing block was completed. The rebuilding continued and the majority of the architecture is now post 1950s. In 1990s the local government started investing in sporting facilities (an indoor swimming pool, sports arena, tennis courts) to promote active tourism.
Starting with its partnership with Fürstenwalde in 1978, the local government has been active in fostering foreign co-operation and the creation of links with different sister cities.
In 1984 Choszczno celebrated 700 years since its foundation. The traditional annual "Days of Choszczno" festival is held during the first weekend of June.
International relations.
Twin towns — sister cities.
Choszczno is twinned with:
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2902086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902086" title="Earl Hamilton">
Earl Hamilton

Earl Andrew Hamilton (July 19, 1891 – November 17, 1968) was a MLB left-handed pitcher for the St. Louis Browns (1911–1916, later in 1916-1917), Detroit Tigers (1916), Pittsburgh Pirates (1918–1923), and the Philadelphia Phillies (1924). He pitched a no-hitter against Detroit on August 30, 1912. The Tigers did get a run on a Ty Cobb walk and an error, making the final score 5-1 Browns. Hamilton also batted left-handed and ended his career with an average pitcher's batting average of .153 in 733 at bats.
Career overview.
Born in Gibson City, Illinois, Hamilton played his first major league game on April 14, 1911. Through the early to mid-teens, Hamilton was considered a quality pitcher and was one of the better pitchers on some terrible Browns teams. In 1914, Hamilton had a very quality season, going 17-18 with a 2.50 ERA in 302 and 1/3 innings pitched.
After being purchased by Detroit in 1916, he was waived back to the Browns less than a month later. Then, in 1918, he finally left St. Louis for good after an 0-9 season, being purchased by Pittsburgh before the season began. That season, in 6 starts, he had one of the most amazing seasons ever recorded. Hamilton was 6-0 with a 0.83 ERA in 54 innings that year. He finished with 1 shutout in his 6 complete games. Hamilton had only given up 7 runs (5 earned) in 6 games. Oddly, he picked that season to enlist in the Navy. Hamilton returned for more fair seasons with the Pirates. Along with Wilbur Cooper, Whitey Glazner, and Babe Adams, he helped make up a good rotation for Pittsburgh, culminating with a second place finish in 1921 (behind only the New York Giants, 4 games). However, they never made the World Series with Hamilton.
Before he retired in 1924, Hamilton was selected off waivers by the Phillies, and he went 0-1 with them, with a 10.50 ERA. Hamilton made sparse appearances on leaderboards throughout his career, such as a 9th place finish in the ERA leaderboard (3.36, 1921) and a 7th place finish in wins in 1914, when he had 17. He also made the top 10 in losses three times (1914, 15, 21), and ended up finishing only two years of his career with a winning record; his 6-0 season of 1918 and 1922 (11-7).
In 14 years, he was 116-147 with a solid 3.16 ERA in 410 games (261 starts). He pitched 140 complete games, 16 of them shutouts. Hamilton recorded 790 career strike outs and allowed 1075 runs (822 earned) in 2342 and 2/3 innings pitched.
He died in Anaheim, California at the age of 77.

</doc>
<doc id="2902088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902088" title="Tinamba, Victoria">
Tinamba, Victoria

Tinamba is a dairy farming town in Victoria, Australia, located on Traralgon - Maffra Road between Heyfield and Maffra, in the Shire of Wellington. It has an award-winning country pub. It also has a church, Engineer works and two dilapidated tennis courts. At the 2006 census, Tinamba and the surrounding area had a population of 500. In 2007 Tinamba suffered two 1 in 100-year floods.
Tinamba Railway Station Post Office opened on 1 July 1887 and was renamed Tinamba around 1895.
See also.
Tinamba railway station

</doc>
<doc id="2902089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902089" title="Faithless (2000 film)">
Faithless (2000 film)

Faithless () is a Swedish film directed by Liv Ullman from a script by Ingmar Bergman. The story is loosely based on experiences of adultery from Bergman's own life. It was entered into the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot.
An aging director named Bergman conjures in his imagination the central character, Marianne. Over a period of days, on his secluded Fårö refuge in the Baltic Sea, he interviews her to compose the story of her life-changing affair. She had been happily married to Markus, an orchestra conductor, with a young daughter Isabelle. She suddenly falls in love with their best friend David. They have an extended interlude in Paris and then must deal with the ramifications.
The style of the film is very cerebral, abstract, and ambiguous. The main potential audience is viewers familiar with the previous decades of work of Bergman and Ullmann, who may appreciate this meditative capstone to their careers and lives together.

</doc>
<doc id="2902096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902096" title="Newry, Victoria">
Newry, Victoria

Newry is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Newry - Boisdale Road, north west of Maffra, in the Shire of Wellington.
History.
The first survey of the area was conducted in 1860 by W. Dawson. A fresh survey was conducted in 1861 by C. P. Rafferty in 1861, and further surveying was performed by G. Hastings in 1863. The survey by Rafferty set aside occupied land for a township reserve, which was surveyed into blocks by G.T. Jones in 1867. 16 blocks were sold in 1867, and blocks were sold again in 1871.
The Post Office opened on 1 February 1869 as Upper Maffra and was renamed Maffra Upper in 1889 and Newry in 1894.
A brick church was built in 1885.
Sport.
Golfers play at the course of the Newry Golf Club on Three Chain Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2902105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902105" title="Maffra West Upper, Victoria">
Maffra West Upper, Victoria

Maffra West Upper is an area of Victoria, Australia, located on Upper Maffra Road, north west of Maffra, in the Shire of Wellington.
Upper Maffra West Post Office opened on 25 July 1887, was renamed Maffra West Upper in 1889 and closed in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="2902107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902107" title="John Reesor Williams">
John Reesor Williams

John Reesor Williams (born September 9, 1930) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985, and was briefly a cabinet minister in the government of Frank Miller. Williams was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.
Background.
He was born in Toronto, and educated at the University of Western Ontario and Osgoode Hall Law School. He worked as a barrister and solicitor before entering political life. Comedian Harland Williams is one of John and Lorraine Williams' children.
Municipal politics.
Williams was an alderman in North York from 1963 to 1972, and was deputy mayor and Controller of the borough from 1973 to 1974. He also served on the Metro Toronto Council during this period, and was a board member of St. Matthew the Apostle Anglican Church in 1971. From 1973 to 1975, he served on the board of governors for Seneca College.
Provincial politics.
He was first elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1975 provincial election, defeating Liberal candidate Bob Reid by 239 votes in the North York district of Oriole. He was re-elected with an increased majority in the 1977 and 1981 elections, and served as a backbench supporter of William Davis's government.
Williams supported Frank Miller to succeed Davis as Premier of Ontario in January 1985, and was appointed as Solicitor-General when Miller became premier on February 8, 1985. His appointment was controversial in some circles. Williams was strongly pro-life, and had previously opposed granting any police protection to Henry Morgentaler's abortion clinic in Toronto.
Miller's government lost several seats in the 1985 election, and was subsequently defeated in the legislature. Williams was personally defeated in Oriole by Liberal candidate Elinor Caplan, who later served as a cabinet minister at the federal and provincial levels.
In 2005, veteran legislators Sean Conway and Bob Runciman both named Williams as the most boring speaker they had encountered in the course of their careers. His speaking style is demonstrated in the following quote: "the type of rhetoric from the opposition continues without any factual backups to substantiate those generalizations that have become nothing more than rhetoric and well-worn clichés".

</doc>
<doc id="2902110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902110" title="Locus Solus">
Locus Solus

Locus Solus is a 1914 French novel by Raymond Roussel.
Plot summary.
John Ashbery summarizes "Locus Solus" thus in his introduction to Michel Foucault's "Death and the Labyrinth": "A prominent scientist and inventor, Martial Canterel, has invited a group of colleagues to visit the park of his country estate, Locus Solus. As the group tours the estate, Canterel shows them inventions of ever-increasing complexity and strangeness. Again, exposition is invariably followed by explanation, the cold hysteria of the former giving way to the innumerable ramifications of the latter. After an aerial pile driver which is constructing a mosaic of teeth and a huge glass diamond filled with water in which float a dancing girl, a hairless cat named Khóng-dek-lèn, and the preserved head of Danton, we come to the central and longest passage: a description of eight curious tableaux vivants taking place inside an enormous glass cage. We learn that the actors are actually dead people whom Canterel has revived with 'resurrectine', a fluid of his invention which if injected into a fresh corpse causes it continually to act out the most important incident of its life."
As well as Czech, Dutch, Italian, Polish, Turkish, Russian, Spanish and other translations, there have been three English translations of the work in question, published by the University of California Press (Berkeley) (1970), Calder and Boyers (London) (1970) and Calder (2008), and all based on Rupert Copeland Cunningham's scholarship and transcription.

</doc>
<doc id="2902113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902113" title="Coongulla, Victoria">
Coongulla, Victoria

Coongulla is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Ryans Road, on the shores of Lake Glenmaggie in the Shire of Wellington. The postcode for Coongulla and the surrounding towns is 3860. At the 2006 census, Coongulla and the surrounding area had a population of 165. Coongulla is 160 km from Melbourne.
There are approx 256 separate houses in Coongulla. Of the people in Coongulla, 83.6% are Australian-born. Of the immigrants, most are from the United Kingdom.
Median age of persons in the town 56.
The Lake Glenmaggie Weir supplies irrigation water for all the farms in the area and also supplies drinking water to Maffra, Coongulla, Glenmaggie and Newry.
Some of the most common activities for locals and holidayers are: night walks, swimming, bike riding, canoeing or kayaking, yachting, grass boarding on gravel, water sports, and motorbike riding.
A Country Fire Authority brigade began services for the town and surrounds on 28 May 1972.
Climate.
The average January maximum temperature is 26°Celsius and in July it is 14°C. The average January minimum temperature is 13°C and dropping to 4°C in July
The average annual rainfall is 594 mm over an average of 115 rainy days.

</doc>
<doc id="2902125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902125" title="Boisdale, Victoria">
Boisdale, Victoria

Boisdale is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Briagolong Road, north of Maffra, in the Shire of Wellington. At the 2006 census, Boisdale and the surrounding area had a population of 603.
It is a small town in the heart of Gippsland's dairying distinct. Boisdale includes not only the town itself, but the area surrounding the town, comprising mostly dairy and vegetable farms.
It is situated approximately 9 km north of the larger town of Maffra. Boisdale is 251 kilometres (156 mi) east of Australia's second largest city, Melbourne, the capital of Victoria.
Boisdale was the run of pioneer grazier Lachlan Macalister and was named after the village on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.
Boisdale Post Office opened on 24 September 1889.
Boisdale has a primary school, Boisdale Consolidated School, a local post office/ general store, mechanic, sporting facilities and the town's pride and joy, The Boisdale Hall, dating back over a century in age.
The town in conjunction with neighbouring township Briagolong has an Australian Rules football team Boisdale-Briagolong competing in the North Gippsland Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="2902140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902140" title="Bushy Park, Victoria">
Bushy Park, Victoria

Bushy Park is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on Briagolong Road, north of Maffra, in the Shire of Wellington.
Bushy Park Post Office opened on 1 November 1889 and closed in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="2902141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902141" title="Lord Mayor's Day">
Lord Mayor's Day

Lord Mayor's Day, in England, is the day marked by a pageant known as the Lord Mayor's Show for the Lord Mayor of the City of London. It is actually styled "The Presentation of the Lord Mayor at The Royal Courts of Justice". When King John allowed the City to choose its Mayor it was with the caveat that the king should be informed as to who this was. The new office holder being ' presented ' to the Lord Chief Justice and the other senior judges (originally the Barons of the Exchequer, now represented by the Queen's Remembrancer). From 1751 until 1959, it was held on 9 November. It is now held on the second Saturday in November, whatever date that might be.
The first of these pageants was held in 1215. The idea originated in the stipulation made in a charter then granted by John that the citizen chosen to be mayor should be presented to the king or his justice for approval. The crowd of citizens who accompanied the mayor on horseback to Westminster developed into a yearly pageant, which each season became more elaborate.
Until the 14th century the mayor either rode or walked to Westminster, but in 1453 Sir John Norman appears to have set a fashion of going by water. From 1639 to 1655 the show disappeared owing to Puritan opposition. With the Restoration the city pageant was revived, but interregnums occurred during the years of the plague and fire, and in 1683 when a quarrel broke out between Charles and the city, ending in the temporary abrogation of the charter. In 1711 an untoward accident befell the show, the mayor Sir Gilbert Heathcote (the original of Addison's Sir Andrew Freeport) being thrown by his horse. Sir Gilbert Heathcote broke his leg. The next year a coach was, in consequence, provided for the chief magistrate. In 1757 this was superseded by a gilded and elaborately decorated equipage costing £1,065 which was used until 1896, when a replica of it was built to replace it.

</doc>
<doc id="2902150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902150" title="Static Line (magazine)">
Static Line (magazine)

Static Line was an email-based ASCII Ezine that focused on the PC demoscene. It was a monthly publication with strong roots in the music aspect of the demoscene. It ran for 52 issues starting in July 1998 and finishing in March 2004. 
"Static Line" was created in an effort to fill the void left by the closing of the DemoNews E-Zine (closing February 1998) and the TraxWeekly E-Zine (closing April 1996). In most regards it succeeded and followed a similar format: an ASCII text-based magazine that was distributed via e-mail. While never reaching the large subscription rates that TraxWeekly boasted, it had a successful run and highlighted many aspects of the developing demoscene.
History of Static Line.
Prior to the existence of "Static Line", its creator, D. Travis North (aka: Coplan), wrote a music review column for an e-mag known as TraxWeekly. After TraxWeekly stopped publication in 1996, Coplan wrote a few articles which were published under different magazines or individually over the course of the next two years. Having already earned a reputation as a music reviewer, many demosceners were submitting songs for review, even though the magazine had long since dried up. 
In February 1998, DemoNews, another major demoscene e-mag, stopped publication. This left a major void in the demoscene, and it put a damper on Coplan's plans as he had planned to bring his column to the DemoNews publication. Having nowhere to publish his column, he began to draw up ideas to form a new e-mag to fill the void left by the defunct TraxWeekly and DemoNews. 
"Static Line" came to fruition early in 1998. The invitation to join the mailing list was posted on the Hornet Archive in April 1998. The official first issue of the e-mag was sent out via an e-mail mailing list in July 1998. The first 24 issues of "Static Line" were released using a majordomo mailing list through the Kosmic Free Music Foundation server. Starting at issue 25 in September 2000, the e-mag had grown in popularity and it had developed its own website which would later become known as SceneSpot. Its distribution and online archives were now managed by this new server.
In mid-2003, Coplan offered up his editing position, for personal reasons, to anyone who was willing to carry out the management of the "Static Line" magazine. The position was taken by Ciaran Hamilton and Ben Collver. The first issue that was released under these new editors was issue #45 in June 2003. In November of the same year, Issue #50 was the last issue released with Collver as co-editor. 
As the website model of demoscene news and articles grew more advanced, the ASCII e-zine format decreased in popularity amongst those involved in the demoscene. Newer contributors to the demoscene were not attracted to the format that "Static Line" was known for, and article contributions decreased in volume. As such, it was never able to maintain the monthly release rate that it had in previous years. The magazine continued for 2 more issues and then closed as Ciaran himself no longer had the time to maintain the magazine, and no person was willing to take over the editor's chair. 
Issue #52, release March 2004, was the official last issue of "Static Line".
SceneSpot.
As "Static Line" grew in popularity, it grew apparent that it would not maintain its success if it were an email-only publication. Late in 1999, the concept model for a demoscene web portal was developed by Coplan and Ranger Rick (Benjamin Reed, USA). Originally, the intent of SceneSpot was to be a front-end for "Static Line", with links to the archives and subscription pages. It grew into a news center and discussion forums for many who participated in the North American Demoscene. It was the discussion home for the Pilgrimage demo party for its first years.
Unfortunately, SceneSpot never grew to the popularity that its magazine held. After difficulties getting the portal off the ground, SceneSpot closed its doors early in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2902151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902151" title="Stateline Wind Farm">
Stateline Wind Farm

The Stateline Wind Farm is a wind farm located on Vansycle Ridge, which receives 16 to 18 mph (26 – 29 km/h) average wind speeds from the Columbia Gorge, on the border between Washington and Oregon in the United States. With 186 turbines currently operating in both states and 279 more approved for construction, it is the largest wind project in the Northwestern United States and will be the largest in the world. Costing $300 million to build, it began operation in 2001.
The project employs 660 kW capacity Vestas wind turbines, which collectively will produce a maximum electrical output of 306.9 MW. (The current operating capacity is 122.8 MW.) On average, the project is expected to produce 30 to 35 percent of that capacity year-round. Turbines are controlled individually by electronic systems which direct them into the wind and adjust the pitch of the blades to maximize electrical production at any wind speed from 7 to 56 mph. The turbines automatically shut down at wind speeds excess of 56 mph, a feature which allows them to withstand hurricane-force winds.
The wind turbines are grouped in strings of 5 to 37 turbines, each turbine spaced approximately 250 feet (76 m) from the next, generally slightly downwind of the crest of ridges. Each turbine tower is 166 feet (50 m) tall, with blades 76 feet (23 m) wide.
Environmental impact studies determined that the site was not used extensively by birds or other species vulnerable to injury from turbines, and the turbine towers' construction, along with the use of underground power lines, was designed to minimize perching places for birds. The area around the project is used primarily for private farming, including dryland wheat farming and cattle grazing.
The Stateline Wind Project is several miles northwest of the Vansycle Wind Project in Umatilla County, Oregon. Both are owned and operated by Florida Power & Light.
A wind turbine collapsed over the weekend of November 2, 2013 on the Washington side of the Stateline Wind Project.

</doc>
<doc id="2902169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902169" title="WKAQ">
WKAQ

WKAQ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2902174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902174" title="Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire">
Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire

Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire (usually abbreviated as PLRE) is a set of three volumes collectively describing many of the people attested or claimed to have lived in the Roman world from AD 260, the date of the beginning of Gallienus' sole rule, to 641, the date of the death of Heraclius, which is commonly held to mark the end of Late Antiquity. Sources cited include histories, literary texts, inscriptions, and miscellaneous written sources. Individuals who are known only from dubious sources (e.g., the "Historia Augusta"), as well as identifiable people whose names have been lost, are included with signs indicating the reliability.
The volumes were published by the Cambridge University Press, and involved a large number of authors and contributors. Arnold Hugh Martin Jones, John Robert Martindale, and John Morris were the principal editors.
As of October 2007, the volumes cost $300, $350, and $420 respectively, so the total collection of 4,157 pages comes to $1070.
The work was announced in the 1950 issue of the "Journal of Roman Studies" as a project of the British Academy, with the goal of doing "for the later Empire what the "Prosopographia Imperii Romani" has done for the Principate, to provide the materials for the study of the governing class of the Empire. The majority of the entries will be persons holding official posts or rank together with their families, and the work will not include clerics except in so far as they come into the above categories."
The Prosopography of the Byzantine World project aims to extend coverage to 1265.

</doc>
<doc id="2902180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902180" title="Dinner Plain, Victoria">
Dinner Plain, Victoria

Dinner Plain is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Great Alpine Road, 13 kilometres from Mount Hotham Alpine Resort, and 375 kilometres from Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Dinner Plain had a population of 88, yet has over 200 lodges and chalets for tourist accommodation.
Dinner Plain is now a thriving all year round resort with a wide range of summer activities such as bush walking, horse riding, mountain biking and tennis. The local pub is open for lunch and dinner 7 days a week and a new spa and beauty centre has recently opened.
Dinner Plain has one small supermarket, Brandy Creek, which is open for business 364 days of the year.
Dinner Plain has one ski tow for use during winter.
History.
The traditional Aboriginal owners of the Dinner Plain region are the Gunai - Kurnai people. http://www.atns.net.au/agreement.asp?EntityID=5037 Aboriginal people lived in, and passed through, the Alpine area of Victoria's High Country for many thousands of years.
The tradition of hospitality at Dinner Plain goes back well over a century, when mountain cattlemen first arrived to rest and graze their cattle. The site of Dinner Plain village was originally part of . When the coaches were running between Omeo and Bright, they would stop here for midday dinner, hence the area became known as Dinner Plain.

</doc>
<doc id="2902209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902209" title="Securities fraud">
Securities fraud

Securities fraud, also known as stock fraud and investment fraud, is a deceptive practice in the stock or commodities markets that induces investors to make purchase or sale decisions on the basis of false information, frequently resulting in losses, in violation of securities laws. Offers of risky investment opportunities to unsophisticated investors who are unable to evaluate risk adequately and cannot afford loss of capital is a central problem.
Securities fraud can also include outright theft from investors (embezzlement by stockbrokers), stock manipulation, misstatements on a public company's financial reports, and lying to corporate auditors. The term encompasses a wide range of other actions, including insider trading, front running and other illegal acts on the trading floor of a stock or commodity exchange.
Types of securities fraud.
Corporate fraud.
Corporate misconduct.
Fraud by high level corporate officials became a subject of wide national attention during the early 2000s, as exemplified by corporate officer misconduct at Enron. It became a problem of such scope that the Bush Administration announced what it described as an "aggressive agenda" against corporate fraud. Less widely publicized manifestations continue, such as the securities fraud conviction of Charles E. Johnson Jr., founder of PurchasePro in May 2008. FBI Director Robert Mueller predicted in April 2008 that corporate fraud cases will increase because of the subprime mortgage crisis.
Dummy corporations.
Dummy corporations may be created by fraudsters to create the illusion of being an existing corporation with a similar name. Fraudsters then sell securities in the dummy corporation by misleading the investor into thinking that they are buying shares in the real corporation.
Internet fraud.
According to enforcement officials of the Securities and Exchange Commission, criminals engage in pump-and-dump schemes, in which false and/or fraudulent information is disseminated in chat rooms, forums, internet boards and via email (spamming), with the purpose of causing a dramatic price increase in thinly traded stocks or stocks of shell companies (the "pump").
When the price reaches a certain level, criminals immediately sell off their holdings of those stocks (the "dump"), realizing substantial profits before the stock price falls back to its usual low level. Any buyers of the stock who are unaware of the fraud become victims once the price falls.
The SEC says that Internet fraud resides in several forms:
Insider trading.
There are two types of "insider trading". The first is the trading of a corporation's stock or other security by corporate insiders such as officers, key employees, directors, or holders of more than ten percent of the firm's shares. This is generally legal, but there are certain reporting requirements.
The other type of insider trading is the purchase or sale of a security based on material non-public information. This type of trading is illegal in most instances. In illegal insider trading, an insider or a related party trades based on material non-public information obtained during the performance of the insider's duties at the corporation, or otherwise misappropriated.
Microcap fraud.
In microcap fraud, stocks of small companies of under $250 million market capitalization are deceptively promoted, then sold to an unwary public. This type of fraud has been estimated to cost investors $1–3 billion annually. Microcap fraud includes pump and dump schemes involving boiler rooms and scams on the Internet. Many, but not all, microcap stocks involved in frauds are penny stocks, which trade for less than $5 a share.
Many penny stocks, particularly those that sell for fractions of a cent, are thinly traded. They can become the target of stock promoters and manipulators. These manipulators first purchase large quantities of stock, then artificially inflate the share price through false and misleading positive statements. This is referred to as a pump and dump scheme. The pump and dump is a form of microcap stock fraud. In more sophisticated versions of the fraud, individuals or organizations buy millions of shares, then use newsletter websites, chat rooms, stock message boards, press releases, or e-mail blasts to drive up interest in the stock. Very often, the perpetrator will claim to have "inside" information about impending news to persuade the unwitting investor to quickly buy the shares. When buying pressure pushes the share price up, the rise in price entices more people to believe the hype and to buy shares as well. Eventually the manipulators doing the "pumping" end up "dumping" when they sell their holdings. The expanding use of the Internet and personal communication devices has made penny stock scams easier to perpetrate. But it has also drawn high profile public personalities into the sphere of regulatory oversight. Though not a scam per se, one notable example is rapper 50 Cent's use of Twitter to cause the price of a penny stock (HNHI) to increase dramatically. 50 Cent had previously invested in 30 million shares of the company, and as a result made $8.7 million in profit.
Another example of an activity that skirts the borderline between legitimate promotion and hype is the case of LEXG. Described (but perhaps overstated) as "the biggest stock promotion of all time", Lithium Exploration Group's market capitalization soared to over $350 million, after an extensive direct mail campaign. The promotion drew upon the legitimate growth in production and use of lithium, while touting Lithium Exploration Groups position within that sector. According to the company's December 31, 2010, form 10-Q (filed within months of the direct mail promotion), LEXG was a lithium company without assets. Its revenues and assets at that time were zero. Subsequently, the company did acquire lithium production/exploration properties, and addressed concerns raised in the press.
Penny stock companies often have low liquidity. Investors may encounter difficulty selling their positions after the buying pressure has abated, and the manipulators have fled.
Accountant fraud.
In 2002, a wave of separate but often related accounting scandals became known to the public in the U.S. All of the leading public accounting firms—Arthur Andersen, Deloitte & Touche, Ernst & Young, KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers— and others have admitted to or have been charged with negligence to identify and prevent the publication of falsified financial reports by their corporate clients which had the effect of giving a misleading impression of their client companies' financial status. In several cases, the monetary amounts of the fraud involved are in the billions of USD.
Boiler rooms.
Boiler rooms or boiler houses are stock brokerages that put undue pressure on clients to trade using telesales, usually in pursuit of microcap fraud schemes. Some boiler rooms offer clients transactions fraudulently, such as those with an undisclosed profitable relationship to the brokerage. Some 'boiler rooms' are not licensed but may be 'tied agents' of a brokerage house which itself is licensed or not. Securities sold in boiler rooms include commodities and private placements as well as microcap stocks, non-existent, or distressed stock and stock supplied by an intermediary at an undisclosed markup.
Mutual Fund fraud.
A number of major brokerages and mutual fund firms were accused of various deceptive acts that disadvantaged customers. Among them were late trading and market timing. Various SEC rules were enacted to curtail this practice. Bank of America Capital Management was accused by the SEC of having undisclosed arrangements with customers to allow short term trading.
Short selling abuses.
Abusive short selling, including certain types of naked short selling, are also considered securities fraud because they can drive down stock prices. In abusive naked short selling, stock is sold without being borrowed and without any intent to borrow. The practice of spreading false information about stocks, to drive down their prices, is called "short and distort." During the takeover of Bear Stearns by J.P. Morgan Chase in March 2008, reports swirled that shorts were spreading rumors to drive down Bear Stearns' share price. Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn., said this was more than rumors and said, "This is about collusion."
Ponzi schemes.
A Ponzi scheme is an investment fund where withdrawals are financed by subsequent investors, rather than profit obtained through investment activities. The largest instance of securities fraud committed by an individual ever is a Ponzi scheme operated by former NASDAQ chairman Bernard Madoff, which caused up to an estimated $64.8 billion in losses depending on which method is used to calculate the losses is used prior to its collapse.
Pervasiveness of securities fraud.
The Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) reports that the Federal Trade Commission, FBI, and state securities regulators estimate that investment fraud in the United States ranges from $10–$40 billion annually. Of that number, SIPC estimates that $1–3 Billion is directly attributable to microcap stock fraud. Fraudulent schemes perpetrated in the securities and commodities markets can ultimately have a devastating impact on the viability and operation of these markets.
Class action securities fraud lawsuits rose 43 percent between 2006 and 2007, according to the Stanford Law School Securities Class Action Clearinghouse. During 2006 and 2007, securities fraud class actions were driven by market wide events, such as the 2006 backdating scandal and the 2007 subprime crisis. Securities fraud lawsuits remained below historical averages.
Some manifestations of this white collar crime have become more frequent as the Internet gives criminals greater access to prey. The trading volume in the United States securities and commodities markets, having grown dramatically in the 1990s, has led to an increase in fraud and misconduct by investors, executives, shareholders, and other market participants.
Securities fraud is becoming more complex as the industry develops more complicated investment vehicles. In addition, white collar criminals are expanding the scope of their fraud and are looking outside the United States for new markets, new investors, and banking secrecy havens to hide unjust enrichment.
A study conducted by the New York Stock Exchange in the mid-1990s reveals approximately 51.4 million individuals owned some type of traded stock, while 200 million individuals owned securities indirectly. These same financial markets provide the opportunity for wealth to be obtained and the opportunity for white collar criminals to take advantage of unwary investors.
Recovery of assets from the proceeds of securities fraud is a resource intensive and expensive undertaking because of the cleverness of fraudsters in concealment of assets and money laundering, as well as the tendency of many criminals to be profligate spenders. A victim of securities fraud is usually fortunate to recover any money from the defrauder.
Sometimes the losses caused by securities fraud are difficult to quantify. For example, insider trading is believed to raise the cost of capital for securities issuers, thus decreasing overall economic growth.
Characteristics of victims and perpetrators.
Any investor can become a victim, but persons aged fifty years or older are most often victimized, whether as direct purchasers in securities or indirect purchasers through pension funds. Not only do investors lose but so can creditors, taxing authorities, and employees.
Potential perpetrators of securities fraud within a publicly traded firm include any dishonest official within the company who has access to the payroll or financial reports that can be manipulated to:
Enron Corporation exemplifies all four tendencies, and its failure demonstrates the extreme dangers of a culture of corruption within a publicly traded corporation. The rarity of such spectacular failures of a corporation from securities fraud attests to the general reliability of most executives and boards of large corporations. Most spectacular failures of publicly traded companies result from such innocent causes as marketing blunders (Schlitz), an obsolete model of business (Penn Central, Woolworth's), inadequate market share (Studebaker), non-criminal incompetence (Braniff).
Other effects of securities fraud.
Even if the effect of securities fraud is not enough to cause bankruptcy, a lesser level can wipe out holders of common stock because of the leverage of value of shares upon the difference between assets and liabilities. Such fraud has been known as watered stock, analogous to the practice of force-feeding livestock great amounts of water to inflate their weight before sale to dealers.
Penny Stock Regulation.
The regulation and prosecution of securities fraud violations is undertaken on a broad front, involving numerous government agencies and self-regulatory organizations. One method of regulating and restricting a specific type of fraud perpetrated by pump and dump manipulators, is to target the category of stocks most often associated with this scheme. To that end, penny stocks have been the target of heightened enforcement efforts. In the United States, regulators have defined a penny stock as a security that must meet a number of specific standards. The criteria include price, market capitalization, and minimum shareholder equity. Securities traded on a national stock exchange, regardless of price, are exempt from regulatory designation as a penny stock, since it is thought that exchange traded securities are less vulnerable to manipulation. Therefore, CitiGroup (NYSE:C) and other NYSE listed securities which traded below $1.00 during the market downturn of 2008–2009, while properly regarded as "low priced" securities, were not technically "penny stocks". Although penny stock trading in the United States is now primarily controlled through rules and regulations enforced by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the genesis of this control is found in State securities law. The State of Georgia was the first state to codify a comprehensive penny stock securities law. Secretary of State Max Cleland, whose office enforced State securities laws was a principal proponent of the legislation. Representative Chesley V. Morton, the only stockbroker in the Georgia General Assembly at the time, was principal sponsor of the bill in the House of Representatives. Georgia's penny stock law was subsequently challenged in court. However, the law was eventually upheld in U.S. District Court, and the statute became the template for laws enacted in other states. Shortly thereafter, both FINRA and the SEC enacted comprehensive revisions of their penny stock regulations. These regulations proved effective in either closing or greatly restricting broker/dealers, such as Blinder, Robinson & Company, which specialized in the penny stocks sector. Meyer Blinder was jailed for securities fraud in 1992, after the collapse of his firm. However, sanctions under these specific regulations lack an effective means to address pump and dump schemes perpetrated by unregistered groups and individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="2902214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902214" title="Congress of Paris (1856)">
Congress of Paris (1856)

The Congress of Paris was a peace conference held in Paris, France, in 1856, between representatives of the great powers in Europe to make peace after the almost three-year-long Crimean War.
Before the Congress.
The Crimean war was fought mainly on the Crimean Peninsula between Russia on one side, and Great Britain, France, the Ottoman Empire, and Sardinia on the other. It was fought mainly due to two reasons.
The Russians demanded better treatment of and wanted to protect the Orthodox subjects of the Sultan of Turkey. This was later considered and promised by the Sultan of Turkey during the meeting at the Congress of Paris.
Also, there was a dispute between the Russians and the French regarding the privileges of the Russian Orthodox and the Roman Catholic Churches in Palestine. With the backing of Britain, the Turks declared war on Russia on October 4 of 1853. On March 28, 1854, France and Britain also declared war against Russia.
Then, on January 26, 1855, Sardinia-Piedmont also entered the war against Russia by sending 10,000 troops to aid the allies. Throughout the war, the Russian army's main concern was to make sure that Austria stayed out of the war. Still, Austria threatened to enter the war, causing peace.
The Congress.
The Congress of Paris took place in 1856 to make peace after the almost three-year-long Crimean War. The Congress of Paris was a peace conference held between representatives of the great powers in Europe, which at the time were: France, Great Britain, the Ottoman Empire, Sardinia, Russia, Austria, and Prussia. They assembled soon after February 1, 1856, when Russia accepted the first set of peace terms after Austria threatened to enter the war on the side of the Allies.
The Congress of Paris worked out the final terms from February 25 through March 30. The Treaty of Paris (1856) was then signed on March 30, 1856 with Russia on one side and France, Great Britain, Ottoman Turkey, and Sardinia-Piedmont on the other. The group of men negotiated at the Quai d’Orsay. One of the representatives who attended the Congress of Paris on behalf of the Ottoman Empire was Ali Pasha, who was the grand vizier of the Empire. Russia was represented by Prince Orlov and Baron Brunnov. Britain sent their Ambassador to France, who at the time was the Lord Cowley. While other congresses, such as the Congress of Vienna, spread questions and issues for different committees to resolve, the Congress of Paris resolved everything in one group.
A significant diplomatic victory was scored by tiny Piedmont that, although not being yet considered a "great" European power, was nevertheless granted a seat at the Congress by the French Emperor Napoleon III, mostly for having sent an expeditionary corps of 18,000 men to fight against Russia along with France and Prussia, but also possibly because of the intrigues of the very attractive Countess of Castiglione, who had caught the Emperor's attention. The Piedmontese foreign minister Camillo Benso di Cavour seized this opportunity to denounce Austrian political and military interference in the Italian peninsula that he said was stifling the wish of the Italian people to choose their own government.
Results of the Congress.
The Congress resulted in a pledge by all of the powers to jointly maintain "the integrity of the Ottoman Empire". It also guaranteed Turkey’s independence.
Also, Russia gave up the left bank of the mouth of the Danube River, including part of Bessarabia to Moldavia and gave up its claim to the special protection of Christians in the Ottoman Empire. Moldavia and Wallachia (which together later became Romania in 1858) along with Serbia were recognized as quasi-independent self-governing principalities under protection of the other European Powers. The sultan of Turkey agreed, in return, to help improve the status of the Christian subjects in his empire.
The territories of Russia and Turkey were restored to their prewar boundaries. The Black Sea was neutralized so that no warships were allowed to enter; however, it was open to all other nations. It also opened the Danube River for shipping from all nations. Some of the rules and agreements were altered 22 years later by the Congress of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2902215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902215" title="Japanese fire belly newt">
Japanese fire belly newt

The Japanese fire belly newt (Cynops pyrrhogaster) is a common Asian newt. It is commonly confused with the Chinese fire belly newt ("Cynops orientalis") due to similarities in coloring and size, and most newts sold as Japanese fire belly newts are likely to be the more commonly collected Chinese fire belly newt instead.
Description.
This newt is usually 9-14 cm (3.5-5.5 in) in length, and can be distinguished from its Chinese relative by its larger size, rough and pebbly skin, and distinct parotoid glands.
They are typically brown to black above, often with red specks or spots, and orange to crimson below, usually with a blotched, darker pattern. Males can be distinguished from females by their swollen cloacae, and male newts of this species will often assume a blue iridescent sheen and smoother skin during the breeding season.
In the wild, this species lives on the islands of Honshū, Shikoku, and Kyūshū, in clear, cool bodies of water, usually ponds, ditches, pools, or lakes. Reportedly, six subspecies are found through the Japanese islands: Atsumi, Hiroshima, Kanto, Sasayama, and Touhoku, each race originating from the region of Japan after which they are named.
These newts are poisonous in the wild, but animals bred in captivity may lose their toxicity. The skin of the wild animals contains tetrodotoxin (TTX), which is one of the most effective nonpeptide toxins known to man. It is a neurotoxin with no known antidote, and can cause death by suffocation in as quickly as six hours after ingestion. The toxin could be formed by environmental bacteria, so could be the reason why some newts in captivity have a lower toxicity than their wild counterparts.

</doc>
<doc id="2902216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902216" title="Mayanist">
Mayanist

A Mayanist (Spanish: "mayista") is a scholar specialising in research and study of the Central American pre-Columbian Maya civilization. This discipline should not be confused with Mayanism, a collection of New Age beliefs about the ancient Maya.
Mayanists draw upon many inter-related disciplines including archaeology, linguistics, epigraphy, ethnology, history, photography/art, architecture, astronomy and ceramics.
The term "Mayanist" was coined by parallel with specialized fields studying other historical civilizations; see for example, Egyptologist (Ancient Egypt) and Assyriologist (Ancient Mesopotamia). It has been in widespread use from the late 19th century onwards, particularly by those who have studied and contributed to the decipherment of Maya hieroglyphics, the complex and elaborate writing system which was developed by the ancient Maya.

</doc>
<doc id="2902242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902242" title="Massacre of Tranent">
Massacre of Tranent

The Massacre of Tranent took place 1797 in the town of Tranent, East Lothian, Scotland.
On 28 August, a proclamation was drawn up by local people to object to the enforced recruitment of Scots into the military, to be used either for controlling their own people or for deployment overseas. The proclamation contained the following four clauses:-
This measure may have been encouraged or incited by the United Scotsmen, a secret society spread throughout Scotland who were believed to be intent on insurgence and the setting up of a Scottish government under Muir of Huntershill. It is believed they had been responsible for inciting similar riots and protests elsewhere using the 1797 Militia Act as an excuse. 
The following day, 29 August, the proclamation was handed to Major Wight, the commanding officer of the recruitment squad. This was ignored, but later, when a contingent from the local colliery communities, lead at front by 'Jackie' (Joan) Crookston, confronted the troops, their response was swift and bloody. Several of the protestors, including Jackie Crookston, were shot dead, out of hand. 
The protestors then fled from the centre of the small town out into the countryside, only to be pursued by the Cinque Port Dragoons, who are reported to have cut down people indiscriminately, caring little whether they were involved in the protest or not. Casualty estimates range from around a dozen to twenty or more men, women and children dead, with of course wounded on top of that.
After the slaughter the troopers are alleged to have carried out rape and pillage on the small town.
A statue by sculptor David Annand, of Jackie Crookston and one of the children, was unveiled in Tranent centre in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2902247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902247" title="Merrijig, Victoria">
Merrijig, Victoria

Merrijig is a town in Victoria, Australia, located between Mount Buller and Mansfield. At the 2006 census, Merrijig and the surrounding area had a population of 697. 
The first Merrijig Post Office opened on 4 October 1866 and was replaced by Boggy Creek in 1867. Another Merrijig Post Office opened on 1 April 1866 (known as Delatite from 1872 until 1924) and closed in 1970.
A second placename in Victoria named "Merrijig" exists in East Gippsland, about 10 kilometres north of Lindenow.

</doc>
<doc id="2902265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902265" title="Frederic Raphael">
Frederic Raphael

Frederic Michael Raphael (born August 14, 1931) is an American-born, British-educated, screenwriter, biographer, nonfiction writer, novelist and journalist.
Early Life.
Raphael was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Irene Rose (née Mauser) and Cedric Michael Raphael, an employee of the Shell Oil Co. With his parents, he emigrated to Putney, England, in 1938.
Education.
Raphael was educated at two independent schools, Copthorne Preparatory School, near Crawley in West Sussex, and Charterhouse School (Lockites) in Godalming in Surrey, and then at St John's College at the University of Cambridge.
Life and career.
Raphael won an Oscar for the screenplay for the 1965 movie "Darling", and two years later received an Oscar nomination for his screenplay for "Two for the Road". He also wrote the screenplay for the 1967 film adaptation of Thomas Hardy's "Far From the Madding Crowd" directed by John Schlesinger.
His articles and book reviews appear in a number of newspapers and magazines, including the "Los Angeles Times" and "The Sunday Times". He has published more than twenty novels, the best-known being the semi-autobiographical "The Glittering Prizes" (1976), which traces the lives of a group of Cambridge University undergraduates in post-war Britain as they move through university and into the wider world. The original six-part BBC television series, from which the book was adapted, won him a Royal Television Society Writer of the Year Award. "Fame and Fortune", which continues the story to 1979, was adapted in 2007 and broadcast on BBC Radio 4, television channels having refused to commission the sequel themselves. In 2010, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a further sequel in a series entitled "Final Demands", with Tom Conti as Adam Morris, the central character, bringing the story to the late 1990s.
Raphael has also published several history books, collections of essays and translations. He has also written biographies of Somerset Maugham and Lord Byron. He was made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1964. 
In 1999, Raphael published "Eyes Wide Open", a memoir of his collaboration with the director Stanley Kubrick on the screenplay of "Eyes Wide Shut", Kubrick's final movie. Upon its publication, the book was publicly criticized by several of Kubrick's friends and family members, among them Christiane Kubrick, Jan Harlan, Michael Herr, and Tom Cruise. 
That same year, Penguin Books also published a new translation of Arthur Schnitzler's "Dream Story", the basis for "Eyes Wide Shut", featuring an introduction by Raphael.
He married Sylvia Betty Glatt on January 17, 1955, and their children are Paul Simon, a film producer, Sarah Natasha (1960–2001) who was a painter, and Stephen Matthew Joshua, a screenwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="2902274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902274" title="Ryan Ramdass">
Ryan Ramdass

Ryan Ramdass (born July 3, 1983 in Ogle) is a Guyanese cricketer of Indian descent. Ramdass is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler who occasionally occupies the position of wicketkeeper.
He made his debut for Guyana in a match against Barbados in which he scored a half-century. When Guyana was hit by floods in early 2005, Ramdass' poultry business was affected, but he continued to play for the squad, achieving his career best 144 not out against Barbados.
He has recently been selected for the full West Indies squad after a good set of results in the recent West Indies A series in Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="2902282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902282" title="Myoglobinuria">
Myoglobinuria

Myoglobinuria is the presence of myoglobin in the urine, usually associated with rhabdomyolysis or muscle destruction. Myoglobin is present in muscle cells as a reserve of oxygen.
Causes.
Trauma, vascular problems, venoms, malignant hyperthermia, certain drugs and other situations can destroy or damage the muscle, releasing myoglobin to the circulation and thus to the kidneys.
Under ideal situations myoglobin will be filtered and excreted with the urine, but if too much myoglobin is released into the circulation or in case of renal problems, it can occlude the renal filtration system leading to acute tubular necrosis and acute renal insufficiency.
Other causes of myoglobinuria include:
Diagnosis.
After centrifuging, the urine of myoglobinuria is clear, where the serum of hemoglobinuria after centrifuge is pink to red.
Treatment.
Hospitalization and IV hydration should be the first step in any patient suspected of having myoglobinuria or rhabdomyolysis. The goal is to induce a brisk diuresis to prevent myoglobin precipitation and deposition, which can cause acute kidney injury. Mannitol can be added to assist with diuresis. Adding sodium bicarbonate to the IV fluids will cause alkalinzation of the urine, believed to reduce the breakdown of myoglobin into its nephrotoxic metabolites, thus preventing renal damage. Often, IV normal saline is all that is needed to induce diuresis and alkalinize the urine.

</doc>
<doc id="2902289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902289" title="Harrison Woodhull Crosby">
Harrison Woodhull Crosby

Harrison Woodhull Crosby of Jamesburg, New Jersey was the first to can tomatoes commercially in 1847. He worked as the chief gardener at Lafayette College in Pennsylvania, where he commercialized the canned tomato.

</doc>
<doc id="2902303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902303" title="Lesbonax">
Lesbonax

Lesbonax, of Mytilene, Greek sophist and rhetorician, flourished in the time of Caesar Augustus. According to Photius I of Constantinople he was the author of sixteen political speeches, of which two are extant, a hortatory speech after the style of Thucydides, and a speech on the Corinthian War. In the first he exhorts the Athenians against the Spartans, in the second (the title of which is misleading) against the Thebans (edition by F. Kiehr, "Lesbonactis sophistae quae supersunt" (Leipzig 1906). Some erotic letters are also attributed to him. His son Potamo was also a notable rhetorician.
The Lesbonax described in the Suda as the author of a large number of philosophical works is probably of much earlier date; on the other hand, the author of a small treatise on grammatical figures (ed. Rudolf Miller, Leipzig, 1900), is probably later.

</doc>
<doc id="2902308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902308" title="Gaston Audiffret-Pasquier">
Gaston Audiffret-Pasquier

Edme-Armand-Gaston, duc d'Audiffret-Pasquier (21 October 1823, Paris – 4 June 1905), known as Gaston Audiffret-Pasquier, was a French politician and member of the Académie française, Seat 16. He was preceded in his position by Félix Dupanloup and succeeded by Alexandre Ribot.
He was the grand-nephew and adopted son of Baron Etienne Denis Pasquier, an academician. He inherited the title of duke in 1844, and became auditor at the council of state in 1846.
After the revolution of 1848 he retired to private life. Under the empire he was twice an unsuccessful candidate for the legislature, but was elected in February 1871 to the National Assembly of France, and became president of the Centre-right parliamentary group in 1873. After the fall of Thiers, Audiffret-Pasquier directed the negotiations between the different royalist parties to establish the Comte de Chambord as King of France, but as Chambord refused to give up the white flag of the Bourbons in favor of the tricolor, the project failed. Yet he retained the confidence of the chamber, and was its president in 1875 when the constitutional laws were being drawn up. Nominated senator for life under the new constitution, he likewise was president of the Senate from March 1876 to 1879 when his party lost the majority. Henceforth he was less prominent in politics. Audiffret-Pasquier was distinguished by his moderation and uprightness; and he did his best to dissuade MacMahon from taking violent advisers. In 1878 he was elected to the Académie française, but never published anything.

</doc>
<doc id="2902314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902314" title="Nam Ngum Dam">
Nam Ngum Dam

The Nam Ngum Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Nam Ngum river, a major tributary of the Mekong in Laos. It is the oldest dam in Laos, and its reservoir is the largest water body in the country.
Location.
The dam is approx. 90 km north of Vientiane, the capital of Laos, within the Vientiane Capital Province. Its reservoir covers , and is the largest water body in Laos. The Nam Ngum catchment covers , and is on track to becoming one of the most heavily dammed catchments in Laos, with six additional dams at various stages of planning and construction, and two water diversions.
History.
The dam was a product of the Committee for Coordination on the Lower Mekong Basin, otherwise known as the Mekong Committee, the predecessor to today's Mekong River Commission. Its development trajectory was similar to many of the dams developed in northeastern Thailand during this time, part and parcel of US Government efforts to inject development into the Mekong Region, and dissuade impoverished countries from embracing communism. Nevertheless, the dam was constructed during a time of very significant political turmoil in Laos, which eventually resulted in the overthrow of the US-backed royalist government, and the coming to power of a communist government.
The dam was developed in three phases:
Phase 1.
This phase started in 1968 and ended in 1971, and yielded the concrete gravity dam and the power house, which is located at the base of the dam wall. This phase cost US$28 million with contributions from the US (almost 50% of budget), Thailand, Japan, the Netherlands and others. At this time, two 15 MW Francis turbines were installed, with provisions made for three more. A single circuit 115 KV high voltage transmission line was also installed, linking the dam to the capital, Vientiane, and thereon to Thailand.
Phase 2.
This phase started in 1976, and cost US$49 million. This phase involved the installation of the spillway gates, new penstock and intake gates, and civil work to expand the powerhouse to accommodate three new generating units of 40 MW each (although only two were installed) and auxiliaries, and a double circuit 115 KV high voltage transmission line to Vientiane.
Phase 3.
This phase cost US$20 million, and involved the installation of the final 40 MW Francis turbine.
In 1996, a diversion was built across the Nam Song River to channel additional water into the Nam Ngum Reservoir.
Most of the dam's electricity is intended for the domestic market, although, from time to time, electricity sourced from the Nam Ngum Dam will be exported to Thailand. This contrasts with most of Laos's other dams, electricity from which is intended mainly for export (to Thailand and Vietnam, and most of which are owned and operated by Independent Power Producers (IPPs).

</doc>
<doc id="2902316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902316" title="Nam Ngum">
Nam Ngum

Nam Ngum (Laotian: ນ້ຳງືມ ) is a 354 km long river of Laos and one of the major tributaries of the Mekong. 
Geography.
Nam Ngum originates from the Northern mountainous region of Xiangkhoang Province and flows south through Vientiane Province joining the Mekong at the capital of Laos, Vientiane.
The Nam Ngum river basin is home to about 1 million people in Laos. The current largest dam on Nam Ngum, Nam Ngum Dam (Nam Ngum 1 Hydropower Project) was originally constructed between 1968 and 1971. There are also four other hydropower projects under construction or planned for construction on the Nam Ngum River. Tourism destinations along Nam Ngum include the Nam Ngum Lake, Dansavanh Nam Ngum Resort, and Vang Vieng.
The Nam Ngum river basin covers 16,906 square kilometers, including 8,297 km2 of watershed area. The Nam Ngum river basin covers 2.73% of the lower Mekong river basin. The water flow of the Nam Ngum River to the Mekong River is 700 m3/sec. 30% of the river basin area is covered by forest. Various international organizations and financial institutions assist in watershed management, water resource management, establishment of water regulation, and river basin organizations for optimum use of water resources and watershed protection. One such project, the Nam Ngum River Basin Development Sector Projects, ha been operating since 2002).
Wildlife.
The "hemimyzon confluens", a type of ray-finned fish, is only known to live in the Nam Ngum drainage area. It is threatened by mining, pollution, and hydro-power development.

</doc>
<doc id="2902321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902321" title="Marjorie Lord">
Marjorie Lord

Marjorie Lord (born Marjorie F. Wollenberg; July 26, 1918) is an American television and film actress. She played Kathy "Clancy" Williams opposite Danny Thomas on "Make Room for Daddy" and later "Make Room for Granddaddy".
Life and career.
Lord was born in San Francisco, California, the daughter of Lillian Rosalie (née Edgar) and George Charles Wollenberg. Her paternal grandparents were German, as were two of her maternal great-grandparents. In 1934, at the age of 16, Lord made her Broadway debut in "The Old Maid" with Judith Anderson. The following year, she was signed by RKO Radio Pictures. While appearing in "Springtime for Henry" with Edward Everett Horton, director Henry Koster approached her and signed her to a contract with Universal Studios. She appeared in six feature films for Universal.
Her film work includes a number of wartime pictures, including the 1943 mystery "Sherlock Holmes in Washington", starring Basil Rathbone in the title role. She appeared in a 1950 episode of "The Lone Ranger" entitled "Bullets for Ballots", also featuring Craig Stevens, and a 1955 episode entitled "The Law Lady". She appeared on the 1951 episode "The Return of Trigger Dawson" of Bill Williams's syndicated western television series "The Adventures of Kit Carson".
In 1956, while she was appearing in "Anniversary Waltz", Lord caught the attention of Danny Thomas, who asked her to replace Jean Hagen as his television wife on "Make Room for Daddy". Hagen had played Thomas' wife since the series' inception, but she was written out of the script in 1956. Lord accepted, and played the role until the show was cancelled in 1964. 
In 1970, Lord and Thomas, along with several other original supporting actors, returned to television with "Make Room for Granddaddy". The show lasted just one season.
In 1966, she played Mrs. Martha Meade, the wife of Bob Hope's character in the screwball comedy "Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!".
Personal life.
Lord has been married three times. Her first husband was actor John Archer, with whom she had two children, including actress Anne Archer. They were married from 1941 until their divorce in 1955. Her second husband was producer Randolph Hale, to whom she was married from 1958 until his death in 1974. Her third husband was banker Harry Volk, to whom she was married from 1976 until his death in 2000.
Lord has continued to remain active beyond her 90th birthday. On May 8, 2008, she participated in a "Salute to Television Moms" panel discussion organized by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.
Her memoir is entitled "A Dance and a Hug".

</doc>
<doc id="2902325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902325" title="Dale Oliver">
Dale Oliver

Byron Dale Oliver (Born 1970) is an American music composer, guitarist and producer. who is signed for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling. Formerly a backing guitarist for the American country music group BlackHawk, Reba McEntire, Steven Curtis Chapman and Geoff Moore and the Distance.
Career.
Oliver toured and recorded with Geoff Moore and the Distance and cowrote 11 songs with Geoff over his 6 years as the guitarist. He was nominated for rock recorded song of the year for A Place to Stand by the GMA. After The Distance band he started a Rock Trio, The Minister, with Jimmie Lee Sloas and Kip Raines and got a recording contract with Hollywood Records. The band recorded one record and disbanded. He recorded and toured with Henry Lee Summer and Steven Curtis Chapman, which he cowrote Tuesdays Child with Chapman, the Live Adventure Tour record received a Grammy in 1994. Following that tour Oliver was offered the band leader, lead guitar for Blackhawk. He toured, recorded, cowrote and now produces them. Oliver cowrote the hit Almost a Memory for Blackhawk as well as Nobody,s Fool and She Dances with her Shadow. When founding member Van Stephenson passed away from cancer, Oliver left the band and toured with Reba as Lead Guitarist. Since then he was a staff writer for Warner Bros and composed music for EA Sports 2012, 2013 Madden football video game, as well as having a song on the 2008 NASCAR video game he produced. He also has cowritten and produced The Casting Crowns Christian Rock Band also He composed music for the movies Facing the Giant, Unconditional and was a musician on Fire Proof, Courages and Narnia, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Oliver continues to do sessions and has recorded with, Shania Twain, Kenny Chesney, Shinedown, Carrie Underwood, Sawyer Brown and Bucky Covington who he also Produces and cowrites with. Bucky's first debut record was number one on Billboards hot 100 and has sold Gold having 3 top ten singles on country radio. 
Music composer for TNA.
Since 2002, Oliver has written, recorded, and produced music exclusively under contract for TNA Wrestling. His works are typically used as theme songs for their superstars. Some of his most popular themes are Jeff Jarrett's "My World" which Oliver performs the vocals. AJ Styles "I AM" which he also performed vocals then later added the rap group Gritz to his music. Sting which features Oliver's Guitar work, The Beautiful People/Velvet Sky, James Storm's "Longnecks and Rednecks", Samoa Joe "Nation of Violence" which Oliver supplies the rap. Madison Rayne, Dixie Carter, Tara and Ethan Carter III are also current fan favorites.
In 2010, Oliver collaborated with TNA superstar Jeff Hardy and his band, Peroxwhy?gen on two songs. The first was a remix of the song "Modest" by Hardy. The other was a remix of the Peroxwhy?gen song "Another Me" which Hardy uses as his entrance theme. In 2011, Oliver again teamed with Hardy to work on the track "Resurrected", which Hardy announced on his official Twitter page. He then began using the theme at TNA's pay per view event "Bound For Glory" on October 16, 2011.
He has appeared playing the guitar in the 2012 music video Longnecks and Rednecks sung by Serg Salinas featuring country duo Montgomery Gentry.
Oliver cowrote,produced that song and played all the instruments as well. 
In 2013 Oliver produced, cowrote and performed guitars on Jeff Hardy's bands new cd Pluarilty of Worlds.
Also, produced, performed and cowrote with Christy Hemme for her upcoming CD release for the Holidays of 2013.
Oliver also recorded guitar on the Shinedown album The Sound Of Madness.
Discography.
TNA has released ten albums containing Oliver's work during his TNA tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="2902330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902330" title="Pablo Ozuna">
Pablo Ozuna

Pablo José Ozuna (born August 25, 1974) is a retired Dominican Republic professional baseball utility player. During his major league career, he played for the Florida Marlins (, ) the Colorado Rockies (), the Chicago White Sox (-), and the Los Angeles Dodgers (). He is the cousin of current Miami Marlins outfielder Marcell Ozuna.
Professional career.
St. Louis Cardinals.
Originally signed by the St. Louis Cardinals in , Ozuna spent two years in the Cardinal farm system before being traded with Braden Looper and Armando Almanza to the Florida Marlins for Edgar Rentería on December 14, .
Florida Marlins.
Ozuna would spend four years with the Marlins organization before being traded again. This time he was traded with Charles Johnson and Vic Darensbourg to the Colorado Rockies for Mike Hampton and Juan Pierre on November 16, 2002. In 48 games with Florida, Ozuna had 21 hits in 71 at bats for a .295 batting average.
Colorado Rockies.
Ozuna spent one year with the Colorado Rockies. In 17 games, he had 8 hits in 40 at bats for a .200 batting average. He was released on December 14, 2003.
Chicago White Sox.
Ozuna signed with the Chicago White Sox on January 19, . He appeared in a career high 70 games and also had career highs with 203 at bats, 56 hits, and 11 RBI. Ozuna also had 14 stolen bases including a steal of home. He was brought back in and on May 3, 2006, he hit his first career home run, a solo shot, to tie the game with two outs in the 9th inning against Eddie Guardado of the Seattle Mariners.
On October 12, 2005, during Game 2 of the ALCS, A. J. Pierzynski advanced to first base on a controversial dropped third strike call. Ozuna pinch ran for him, stealing second base on the second pitch of the at bat to Joe Crede. Ozuna scored the game winning run on a double by Crede to end the controversial game. It was one of only two games Ozuna appeared in during the postseason as the White Sox won the World Series (the other being the night before). 
On May 3, 2006, Ozuna hit a 2-out game tying home run in the bottom of the ninth, forcing the game into extra innings after a blown save by Cliff Politte. In the bottom of the 11th, Ozuna had another two out hit, a bouncer up the middle that he stretched into a double. His heads up play allowed Juan Uribe to bat in the winning run with a soft fly ball to short left center.
In , Ozuna was injured in a game against Tampa leading off the 1st inning.
Ozuna was designated for assignment on July 8, 2008, and released on July 16.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
On July 20, 2008, he signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers for the remainder of the season. On July 20, 2008, in his first game with the Dodgers, was put in as a pinch-runner for Andy LaRoche after he singled in a run to make it a one-run game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the top of the ninth with two out. Matt Kemp then doubled him home, tying the game. The Dodgers eventually won the game, and tied with Arizona for first place in the N.L. West.
On September 19, 2008, he hit his 3rd career home run.
Philadelphia Phillies.
On January 15, , Ozuna signed a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training with the Philadelphia Phillies, but began the season with the Phillies AAA minor league team, Lehigh Valley IronPigs. On June 11, he was suspended 50 games for violating the Major League Drug Prevention and Treatment Program. He was released on August 8, 2009.
Newark Bears.
On July 9, Ozuna signed a contract with the Newark Bears of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He played in 28 games for the Bears, hitting .294.

</doc>
<doc id="2902347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902347" title="New Trier Township, Cook County, Illinois">
New Trier Township, Cook County, Illinois

New Trier Township is an affluent township located in the northeast corner of Cook County, Illinois, United States, north of Chicago. As of the 2010 census, the township had a total population of 55,424.
The township contains New Trier High School, but the borders of the school district do not line up exactly with the borders of the township.
Geography.
The township covers approximately . The township comprises the villages of Wilmette, Kenilworth, Winnetka, Glencoe, and portions of Glenview and Northfield. There is also a small unincorporated area near Winnetka known as Indian Hill because of the nearby country club of the same name.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 56,716 people, 20,156 households, and 15,960 families residing in the township. The population density was 3,540/sq mi. There are 20,809 housing units. The racial makeup of the township was 92.1% White, 0.7% African American, 5.7% Asian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.7% of the population.
There were 20,156 households out of which 42.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.7% were married couples living together, 5.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.8% were non-families. 18.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.22.
In the township the population was spread out with 30.9% under the age of 18, and 15.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.6 years.
The median income for a household in the township was $122,641, and the median income for a family was $144,976. Males had a median income of $100,000+ versus $60,000 for females. The per capita income for the township was $70,331. 1.2% of families were below the poverty line.

</doc>
<doc id="2902348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902348" title="Mirabehn">
Mirabehn

Madeleine Slade (Mirabehn) (22 November 1892 – 20 July 1982), daughter of the British Rear-Admiral Sir Edmond Slade, was a British woman who left her home in Britain to live and work with Mohandas Gandhi, the leader of the Indian independence movement. She devoted her life to human development, the advancement of Gandhi's principles and the freedom struggle in India. In doing so, Gandhi gave her the name "Mirabehn", after Meera Bai, the great devotee of Lord Krishna.
Early life.
Mirabehn was born into an aristocratic British family in 1892. Her father was an officer in the Royal Navy who was posted in her early years as the Commander-in-Chief of the East Indies Squadron. She spent much of her childhood with her maternal grandfather who owned a large country estate and was from an early age a nature and animal lover.
The other great passion of the young Mirabehn was the music of Ludwig van Beethoven. She took to the piano and concerts and even went on to become a concert manager. In 1921 she even arranged for a German conductor to lead the London Symphony Orchestra in concerts featuring Beethoven and helped bring about an end to the British boycott of German musicians that followed the First World War.
She also visited Vienna and Germany to see the places where Beethoven had lived and composed his music and she read extensively on him. She read Romain Rolland's books on Beethoven and later sought and met with him at Villeneuve, where he was then living. During this meeting, Rolland mentioned about a new book of his called Mahatma Gandhi which she had not read then. Rolland described Gandhi as another Christ and as the greatest figure of the 20th century. On her return to England she read Rolland's biography of Gandhi and the book convinced her to become a disciple of the Mahatma.
She wrote to Gandhi asking him if she could become his disciple and live with him in Sabarmati Ashram. Gandhi replied, inviting her over but also warning her of the ascetic discipline of the Ashram's inmates. Having made her decision, she went about training herself for all the demands of an ascetic's life in India including vegetarianism, spinning and teetotalism. That year in England, she sub­scribed to Young India and spent a part of her time in Paris reading the Bhagvad Gita and some of the Rigveda in French.
Life in India and role in the freedom struggle.
She arrived in Ahmedabad on 7 November 1925 where she was received by Mahadev Desai, Vallabhbhai Patel and Swami Anand. This was the beginning of her stay in India that lasted almost thirty four years. Mirabehn during her stay in India went to the Gurukul Kangri to learn Hindi. Thereafter she went to Bhagwat Bhakti Ashram of Rewari established by Swami Parmanand Maharaj in order to be blessed by him. She also wrote to Mahatma Gandhi about her experiences there in Bhagwat Bhakti Ashram.
Mirabehn's stay in India coincided with the zenith Gandhian phase of the freedom struggle. She accompanied Gandhi and others to the Round Table Conference in London in 1931. While on their way back from London, Mirabehn and Gandhi visited Rolland for a week and as they took his leave, Rolland gave her a book on Beethoven which he had written while she was in India. In 1960 as she began to read it, it convinced her to move to Austria and spend her remaining days in the land of Beethoven's music. The resumption of the Non Cooperation Movement in 1931 saw her being imprisoned during 1932-'33.
To plead India's case she also went abroad meeting, among others, David Lloyd George, General Smuts and Winston Churchill, and visited the United States where she met Mrs. Roosevelt at the White House. Mirabehn also took an active interest in the establishment of the Sevagram Ashram and worked among the people of Orissa to resist any potential Japanese invasion non-violently in the beginning of 1942. She was arrested and detained with Gandhi in the Aga Khan Palace, Pune, from August 1942 to May 1944 where she saw Mahadev Desai and Kasturba Gandhi pass away. She was also a witness to the Simla Confer­ence and the Cabinet Mission, the Interim Government and the Constituent Assembly, the Partition of India and the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi.
Post-independence life in India.
After her release from the Aga Khan Palace, with Gandhiji's permission, she established the Kisan Ashram at a site near Roorkee. The land was donated to her by the local villagers. After Independence, she established the Pashulok Ashram near Rishikesh and a settlement named Bapu Gram and the Gopal Ashram in Bhilangana in 1952. She took to dairying and farming experiments in these ashrams and also spent a while in Kashmir. During the time she spent in Kumaon and Garhwal she observed the destruction of the forests there and the impact it was having on floods in the plains. She wrote about it in an essay titled "Something Wrong in the Himalaya" but her advice was ignored by the Forest Department. In the 1980s, these areas witnessed a large Gandhian environmental campaign to save the forests called the Chipko Movement.
She returned to England in 1959. In 1960, she relocated to Austria and spent twenty-two years in Vienna where she died in 1982.
She was awarded India's second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan in 1981.
Books by Mirabehn.
Mirabehn's autobiography is titled "The Spirit's Pilgrimage". She also published "Bapu's Letters to Mira" and "New and Old Gleanings". At the time of her death she had also left behind an unpublished biography of Beethoven, the "Spirit Of Beethoven".

</doc>
<doc id="2902361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902361" title="Phiomorpha">
Phiomorpha

The rodent parvorder or infraorder Phiomorpha comprises several living and extinct families found wholly or largely in Africa. Along with the Anomaluromorpha and perhaps the †Zegdoumyidae, they represent one of the few early colonizations of Africa by rodents.
During the Oligocene, Africa was not connected to any of the other continents. The predominant theory suggests that rodents first evolved in Laurasia, and expanded outward from there. Although Europe, Asia, and North America were distinct landmasses during much of the Eocene and Oligocene, they experienced intermittent migration events across the shallow sea separating Europe and Asia, via an ice-free Greenland (Europe and North America), or across Beringia (North America and Asia). The southern continents were much more isolated leading to the unique faunas of Australia, South America, and to a lesser degree Africa. 
Although the hystricognath rodents may have evolved from an early entodacryan ancestor in Asia, they migrated to Africa soon after. The Phiomorpha represents the clade that evolved as a result. Although once diverse, this infraorder is now restricted to the two species of cane rats, the Dassie Rat, and the blesmols.
Families.
The makeup of this infraorder is controversial. At its core lie the extant families Thryonomyidae, Petromuridae, and Bathyergidae and their extinct relatives. The Old World porcupines (Hystricidae) are sometimes included in the Phiomorpha, but many authorities consider them either basal to all hystricognaths or basal to all hystricognaths except the Laotian Rock Rat (family Diatomyidae). Molecular results suggest that the Diatomyidae is a part of the Phiomorpha, but this is in contrast to morphological results which place the animal at a basal position to all hystricognaths.

</doc>
<doc id="2902362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902362" title="Hystricomorpha">
Hystricomorpha

The term Hystricomorpha (from Latin "hystrix" "porcupine" and Greek μορφή, "morphē" "form") has had many definitions throughout its history. In the broadest sense, it refers to any rodent (except dipodoids) with a hystricomorphous zygomasseteric system. This includes the Hystricognathi, Ctenodactylidae, Anomaluridae, and Pedetidae. Molecular and morphological results suggest the inclusion of the Anomaluridae and Pedetidae in Hystricomorpha may be suspect. Based on , these two families are treated here as representing a distinct suborder Anomaluromorpha.
Classification.
The modern definition of Hystricomorpha, also known as Entodacrya or Ctenohystrica, is a taxonomic hypothesis uniting the gundis with the hystricognath rodents. Considerable morphological and strong molecular support exists for this relationship . If true, this hypothesis renders the traditional view of Sciurognathi invalid, as it becomes a paraphyletic group.
The hystricomorph rodents, or at least members of Caviomorpha, are sometimes not regarded as rodents. Most molecular and genetic research, however, confirms the monophyly of rodents. Support for rodent polyphyly appears to be a product of long branch attraction.
Hystricomorph rodents appeared in South America in the early Oligocene, a continent which previously had metatherians, xenarthrans, and meridiungulates as the only resident nonflying mammals. They apparently arrived by rafting across the Atlantic from Africa. The same type of migration may have occurred with primates, which also appeared in South America before the Great American Interchange. All of this is still controversial, and new scientific discoveries on this subject are published regularly.
Families.
The following list of families is based on the taxonomy of and , who subjected a number of early fossil rodents to parsimony analysis and recovered support for the Hystricomorpha or Entodacrya hypothesis. Their results rendered the suborder Sciuravida as defined by to be polyphyletic and invalid. The symbol "†" is used to indicate extinct groups.

</doc>
<doc id="2902365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902365" title="Hystrix (porcupine)">
Hystrix (porcupine)

Hystrix is a genus of porcupines containing most of the Old World porcupines. Fossils belonging to the genus date back to the late Miocene of Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2902367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902367" title="Caviinae">
Caviinae

Caviinae is a subfamily uniting all living members of the family Caviidae with the exception of the maras, capybaras, and "Kerodon". The subfamily traditionally contained the guinea pig-like forms along with the cursorially adapted (running) "Kerodon". Molecular results suggest the Caviinae as so defined would be paraphyletic and "Kerodon" is more closely related to maras and capybaras than to other caviines. This led Woods and Kilpatrick (2005) to unite "Kerodon" and capybaras into the subfamily Hydrochoerinae within the Caviidae. These studies also suggest "Microcavia" and "Cavia" are more closely related to one another than either is to "Galea".

</doc>
<doc id="2902368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902368" title="Li Shan (painter)">
Li Shan (painter)

Li Shan (Chinese: 李鳝; c.1686–1762) was a Qing dynasty painter born in Jiangsu. He had an interest in painting at an early age and by 16 was a noteworthy painter. His paintings had an unrestricted quality and were influenced by Shitao. He was one of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou.
Aside from painting he also served as a magistrate for a county in Shandong. Li Shan is also the name for two modern Chinese painters, one born in 1885 and the other in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="2902372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902372" title="Wickecheoke Creek">
Wickecheoke Creek

Wickecheoke Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Hunterdon County, New Jersey in the United States.
It originates in Raritan Township on the Hunterdon Plateau and flows through Croton and Locktown before cascading off the Plateau where it passes under the Green Sergeant's Covered Bridge, the last remaining covered bridge in the state and cutting through Amwell Valley to the Delaware River. Turning south, it cuts through a low ridge, is joined by Plum Brook and cuts through a second, slightly larger ridge to the west of Sergeantsville. It reaches the Delaware and Raritan Canal and the Delaware River at Prallsville.

</doc>
<doc id="2902373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902373" title="Prehensile-tailed porcupine">
Prehensile-tailed porcupine

The prehensile-tailed porcupines or coendous (genus "Coendou") are found in Central and South America. They are closely related to the other Neotropical tree porcupines (genera "Echinoprocta" and "Sphiggurus") .
Characteristics.
Among the most notable features of "Coendou" porcupines are their unspined prehensile tails. The front and hind feet are also modified for grasping. These limbs all contribute to making this animal an adept climber, an adaptation to living most of their lives in trees.
They feed on leaves, shoots, fruits, bark, roots, and buds. They can be pests of plantation crops.
They also make a distinctive "baby-like" sound to communicate in the wild.
Young are born with soft hair that hardens to quills with age. Adults are slow-moving and will roll into a ball when threatened and on the ground. The record longevity is 27 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2902374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902374" title="Brush-tailed porcupine">
Brush-tailed porcupine

The brush-tailed porcupines are a genus, Atherurus, of Old World porcupines found in Asia or Africa.
Characteristics.
The brush-tailed porcupines have bodies covered in quills like their New World relatives. These quills are shorter and not as visually prominent as those seen in the genus "Hystrix", but considerably more so than in "Trichys". They have a prominent tuft on the tip of their tails which leads to their common name. The tail breaks off easily when the animal is threatened.
Their bodies are long and somewhat rat-like. They are forest dwellers and nocturnal, and feed on vegetation, but may take insects or carrion. The animals may live in social groups usually numbering six to eight. The longevity record for a captive animal was almost 23 years.
Species.
The two species of "Atherurus", an Asian and an African variety, are:

</doc>
<doc id="2902375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902375" title="Luo Ping">
Luo Ping

Luo Ping ( 1733 - 1799) was a Chinese painter of the Qing Dynasty who lived in Ganquan (甘泉; present-day Yangzhou, Jiangsu. His courtesy name was Dunfu (遯夫) and his pseudonyms were Liangfeng (兩峰; Liǎngfēng; lit. "Two Peaks") and Huazhisi Seng (花之寺僧; Huāzhisì Sēng; lit. "Monk of the Temple of Flowers"). He studied painting under Jin Nong and developed a unique personal style. He painted people, Buddhist images, plum with bamboo, flowers, and scenery paintings. He refused government service to live a life of poverty selling paintings. He was the youngest of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou.
Luo Ping's life began with loss and sadness. His father died when Luo was just one year old, and his mother soon after. But from an early age the youth orphan was recognized as a talented poet and gained admission to the exclusive artistic circles of his home town, Yangzhou. At nineteen he married - for love—the poet and painter Fang Wanyi (方婉儀, 1732 - 1779). Their daughter and two sons (Yǔnshào, 允绍, and Yǔnzuǎn, 允缵) also went on to become artists. All painted plum blossoms, the family trade mark (罗家梅派).
Five years after his marriage Luo met the man who would change his life. This was the nationally renowned poet, artist and bon vivant Jin Nong (1687 - 1763). The 70-year old master took a great liking to the talented young man, who was in turn inspired by the emotional and expressive art of his mentor. Luo also painted pictures for Jin Nong, who signed them with his own name and sold them. When, after 6 years of this close collaboration, Jin Nong died, Luo buried his teacher with as much reverence as if it were the funeral of his own father.
In the second half of his life, Luo often visited the capital, Beijing, where he caused a sensation in the fashionable cultural scene. On to a long painting scroll which he showed to everyone, he had painted ghosts and claimed to have seen such creatures with his own eyes: "Some expose teeth like melon seeds, and have fingers large as thighs." Luo died, highly esteemed, at the age of sixty-six. Throughout his life he saw himself as an austere Buddhist and signed his works with the name "Monk of the Temple of Flowers".

</doc>
<doc id="2902380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902380" title="Gao Xiang">
Gao Xiang

Gao Xiang (Chinese: 高翔; 1688–1753) was a Qing Chinese painter, and one of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="2902382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902382" title="TraxWeekly">
TraxWeekly

TraxWeekly was one of the two main PC demoscene E-Zines of the 1990s, the other being DemoNews.
It focused purely on the music scene and was for a time the central source of news on the Tracker technique and major releases in the music scene. It ran for 119 issues from March 12, 1995 to February 16, 1998, ending with a circulation of over eleven hundred subscribers. It established a strong format that included interviews, reviews, on-the-spot reports from major demo parties from all over the world. After closing it was largely replaced by Coplan/SceneSpot's Static Line E-Zine.

</doc>
<doc id="2902387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902387" title="Li Fangying">
Li Fangying

Li Fangying 李方膺 (1696–1755) was a Qing Chinese painter from Jiangsu. He served as a county magistrate for 20 years. As a painter he is best known for painting plant imagery specifically pines, bamboos, plum blossoms and orchids. He was one of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="2902389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902389" title="UM Department of Community Service">
UM Department of Community Service

The UM Department of Community Service (DOCS) is a student-run organization at the University of Miami's Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine.
It is dedicated to serving the underserved population of Broward, Miami-Dade, and Monroe counties in southern Florida.
History.
Founded in 2000, DOCS was endorsed by the University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine administration. DOCS has brought health screening and educational services to over 1500 patients annually through the volunteer efforts of over 250 medical students and 50 physicians. 
DOCS holds annual fairs in 8 different needy communities in Miami-Dade, Monroe, and Broward counties and a free weekly clinic for the medically underserved population of Little Havana, a neighborhood in downtown Miami. 
DOCS screens for the most prevalent diseases in our community including: hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, vision loss, obesity, depression, hepatitis, as well as colon, breast, cervical, and skin cancers. Using a referral system of free clinics, DOCS also acts as a portal for entry to care for those patients identified to be at risk.

</doc>
<doc id="2902396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902396" title="C. J. Muere">
C. J. Muere

Caesar Joseph L. Muere (born February 18, 1988), popularly known simply as C. J. Muere, is a Filipino actor. He is best known for being in the Final Four of "StarStruck" season two and portraying Ding in the 2005 television series of Darna. Before applying for GMA Network's "StarStruck", he was a dropped from ABS-CBN's "Star Circle Quest", which is also a reality television talent search show.
"StarStruck".
He auditioned in "StarStruck "in 2004 and he made it until the Top 7. He may be eliminated but through the Wild Card that was included in the season's format, he was selected, replacing Benj Pacia. He proved that he really deserved to be the wild card pick. He made it through to the coveted Final 4 along with LJ Reyes, Ryza Cenon and Mike Tan and wherein he finished as the runner up to Mike Tan.
Priority.
Muere called a batch mate of his in StarStruck to tell that he formally said good bye to Ms. Ida Henares, to say good bye to show business.
Muere wants to study full-time and he is taking Dentistry at Centro Escolar University.

</doc>
<doc id="2902403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902403" title="Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine">
Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine

The University of Miami Leonard M. Miller School of Medicine (UMMSM) is the graduate medical school of the University of Miami.
The main medical campus is located in the Civic Center, Miami, Florida within the UM/Jackson Memorial Medical Center complex. The medical center includes three University-owned hospitals that make up the University of Miami Health System: University of Miami Hospital, Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center, and Anne Bates Leach Eye Hospital, home to the top-ranked Bascom Palmer Eye Institute. Affiliated hospitals on the medical campus include Jackson Memorial Hospital, Holtz Children's Hospital, and the Miami VA Medical Center. Plans are underway to build the UM Life Science Park with two million square feet of space adjacent to the medical campus. The facility will bring together academia and industry for collaboration in bioscience research and innovation. Jackson Memorial Hospital serves as the school's major teaching facility and is one of the largest hospitals in the United States with more than 1,550 beds.
The main University of Miami campus is served by the Miami Metrorail at the University Station, and the Miller School of Medicine is served by the Metro's Civic Center Station in the Civic Center. The two are about a 20-minute train ride away.
Campuses.
The main campus is located in Miami, Florida. Starting in 2004, the Miller School began offering instruction on the campus of Florida Atlantic University (FAU) in Boca Raton, Florida approximately north of the parent campus in Miami. FAU is a public university, and the State of Florida supports the Boca Raton program with an annual contribution of $15 million. MD students are admitted to either the Miami or Boca Raton programs and spend all four years studying on the selected campus. In April 2005, the Boca Raton program was expanded into a full four-year medical degree program. The Boca Raton program emphasizes continuity of care and community-based medicine. All graduates of the Boca Raton program received University of Miami degrees rather than FAU degrees. Full-time Miller School clinical faculty, working with community-based faculty physicians at multiple Palm Beach County hospitals and clinics, provide the supervision and venues for clinical training. Among these sites are Boca Raton Community Hospital, Bethesda Memorial Hospital, JFK Medical Center, and the West Palm Beach VA Medical Center. As of 2011, FAU has created its own medical school, independent of the University of Miami; Training sites and Miller School faculty associated with the regional campus are being integrated into the newly established MD/MPH program. Starting with the Class of 2014, the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine no longer offers incoming students the option of attending the Boca Raton campus.
Academic programs.
MD/MBA joint program.
The school and the UM School of Business Administration offer a joint MD/MBA degree program to prepare future physicians for the business aspects of managing a medical practice. Students must first be accepted into the MD program and then apply for admission to the joint program.
MD/MPH joint program.
Beginning in the academic year of 2011, the school and the UM Department of Epidemiology and Public Health now offer a four-year joint MD/MPH program designed to train public health physicians. This is one of the first programs in the United States to offer both degrees in a four-year program. The MPH coursework ranges from biostatistics and epidemiology to healthcare management and politics. Students in the MD/MPH program spend their first two years studying at the main campus in Miami before moving to the regional campus in Palm Beach to complete their third and fourth years. One of the main reasons for the final two years being in Palm Beach County is that the county has the largest department of public health in the state of Florida and still runs its own public health clinics. This contrasts with Miami-Dade County which long ago contracted out its public health clinics to private companies. This therefore allows MD/MPH students to work in a far reaching public health department and gain first-hand clinical and public health experience in public health clinics.
Rankings.
The University of Miami Miller School of Medicine is a top 40 NIH research funded medical school, currently ranked 40th overall. As of 2014 the medical school is ranked 46th in research by U.S. News & World Report. In 2013, the magazine listed Bascom Palmer Eye Institute as the number one hospital in the country for ophthalmology for the tenth year in a row. Five other specialties were also listed among the nation's best: ear, nose, and throat, digestive disorders, neurology and neurosurgery, kidney disease, and urology. With more than 1,300 ongoing projects funded by more than $180 million in external grants and contracts, the school ranks in the top third among U.S. medical schools in terms of research funding awarded. In 2013, "U.S. News & World Report" ranked the University of Miami Physical Therapy Department 9th in the nation.
Research.
The Miller Medical School has more than 1,500 ongoing projects funded by more than $200 million in external grants and contracts to UM faculty. The medical campus includes more than of research space. Currently under construction with an open date of June 2011 is Building I of the University of Miami Life Science & Technology Park (UMLSTP). The building is and is the first phase of a five building, lab ready research park. It is located in the Miami Hospital District and adjacent to the medical campus. The Miami Project to Cure Paralysis is a research center dedicated to research in the field of paralysis and spinal cord injury, with the eventual object of finding a cure for paralyzing injuries. Based at the Miller School of Medicine, it is considered a world leader in neurological injury research. The center was founded in 1985 by a research physician and three people who had dealt with spinal cord injuries. The center has identified a family of genes that may control the ability of the optic nerve to regenerate. The Miller Medical School also developed the famous “Harvey” teaching mannequin that is able to recreate many of the physical findings of the cardiology examination, including palpation, auscultation, and electrocardiography.
The Interdisciplinary Stem Cell Institute (ISCI) and Dr. Joshua Hare are leading cutting edge medicine including injections of a person's own bone marrow stem cells to repair damage from massive heart attacks.
Admissions.
For the medical class entering in 2013, 493 out of a total 7128 applicants were interviewed for a class of 150 students. The admissions rate stands at 4.4% with the entering class presenting an average overall GPA of 3.77, science GPA of 3.72, and composite MCAT score of 32.6.
Donation.
In December 2004, the University of Miami School of Medicine received a $100 million donation from the family of Leonard M. Miller, former President and CEO of Lennar Corporation. It was the single largest donation in University of Miami history and the second largest gift ever given to a university in Florida. The school was renamed in Mr. Miller's honor.
In February 2014, Oscar de la Renta recreated his entire Spring presentation, "Designed for A Cure 2014 collection" to raise money for the Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine.
In popular culture.
Plastic surgeons Sean McNamara and Christian Troy from the television series "Nip/Tuck" are graduates of the University of Miami School of Medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2902407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902407" title="Theodora Morse">
Theodora Morse

Theodora Morse (July 11, 1883 - November 10, 1953) was an American song writer and composer.
She was a Tin Pan Alley lyricist who collaborated to produce a number of popular songs.
Background.
Alfreda Theodora Strandberg was born in Brooklyn, New York. On March 7, 1907, she married Theodore F. Morse (1873–1924). She and her husband became a successful songwriting team for Tin Pan Alley. Listed as Terriss & Morse, they were one of the earliest Tin Pan Alley husband-wife songwriting teams. 
Career.
Theodora not only wrote with her husband, but also collaborated with other composers. Professionally, she often used the pseudonyms of Dorothy Terriss, Dolly Morse and D. A. Esrom. 
She wrote the lyrics for "Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here" to a tune originally written by Arthur Sullivan for the comic opera "The Pirates of Penzance". Popular good-night waltz "Three O'Clock in the Morning" was written to music written by Julian Robledo. The song was recorded in 1922 by Paul Whiteman and his orchestra. Jazz and pop standard, "Wonderful One", was written by Paul Whiteman and Ferde Grofé, with lyrics by Theodora Morse based on a theme by movie director Marshall Neilan. 
Theodora Morse died in White Plains, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="2902411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902411" title="Lockatong Creek">
Lockatong Creek

Lockatong Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Hunterdon County, New Jersey in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2902419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902419" title="As I Went Out One Morning">
As I Went Out One Morning

"As I Went Out One Morning" is a song written by Bob Dylan, released on his 1967 album "John Wesley Harding". He has only performed this song live once, in the early phase of the Bob Dylan and The Band 1974 Tour. 
The lyrics to "As I Went Out One Morning" tell about a man who offers a hand to a woman in chains, but realizes that she wants more than he is offering, and that "she meant to do harm." A character identified as "Tom Paine" then appears, "command[s her to yield," and apologizes to the narrator for the woman's actions. "Tom Paine" as a figure may represent common sense or civil liberties, which the historical Tom Paine championed. However, it is also likely that this song references the prestigious Tom Paine Award that Dylan received in 1963 from the National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee. Dylan delivered an acceptance speech and was booed and rushed from the stage when he claimed to have empathy for some of Lee Harvey Oswald feelings. The song bears a resemblance to the W. H. Auden poem "As I Walked Out One Evening", including sharing the same iambic meter and quatrain form.
Dylan's use of harmonica on the song is distinctive. The flatted second (as well as third, sixth, and seventh) identifies the musical mode as Phrygian. Since the song is in F# minor (played in D minor on a guitar with a capo at the fourth fret), Dylan must be playing a D harmonica. The usual modes for diatonic harmonica in minor keys are Aeolian and Dorian (A or E harmonicas in the key of F# minor).

</doc>
<doc id="2902422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902422" title="California Space Authority">
California Space Authority

The California Space Authority (CSA) was a nonprofit corporation representing the commercial, civil, and national defense/homeland security interests of California's diverse space enterprise community in four domains: Industry, Government, Academia, and Workforce. CSA was also a participating member in the Coalition for Space Exploration. It officially ceased operations on June 10, 2011.
Overview.
Former schoolteacher, Assemblywoman and Congresswoman Andrea Seastrand served as the Executive Director of CSA, which was governed by a statewide board of directors, composed of twelve members elected by the CSA Membership. Four directors were selected from each of CSA's three regions (Northern, Central, and Southern California) during elections that are held in the Fall in which each director was elected to a 3-year term. The terms of office were staggered such that half of the seats on the board are up for election each year. The Board would also fill additional 1-year seats with CSA members to ensure adequate representation was met across CSA's constituent types (industry, government, academia, large, small, etc.).
Designated as California's Spaceport Authority, CSA was tasked by the state of California to operate as a member-based "enterprise" association that worked closely with individual, corporate, state and local government and academic stakeholders throughout the state. The main purpose of CSA was to facilitate California's competitiveness within the aerospace industry. In this capacity, CSA was also authorized to facilitate development of California-based spaceports.
Including space-related companies, individual entrepreneurs, government agencies, non-profit organizations and College and University research programs, California's space enterprise provides or supports the delivery of hundreds of space-related products and services to the state and the nation. The total economic impact of California's space enterprise (Commercial, Civil, National Security) was estimated to be in excess of $120 billion. Representing 24% of the global space market, California space enterprise impacts over 251,000 jobs statewide.
Some of the CSA's major responsibilities were to:
History.
The predecessor organization to the California Space Authority (CSA) was the California Space and Technology Alliance (CSTA). The first CSA Board of Directors was seated in January 2001.
The California Space and Technology Alliance was established in 1996 as a 501(c)(6) non-profit organization to foster development of space industry and was officially recognized by the state when Governor Pete Wilson signed Assembly Bill 1475 into law in October 1997. AB 1475, co-sponsored by state Senator John Vasconcellos and Assemblymembers Jim Cunneen, Elaine K. Alquist and Liz Figueroa created the CSTA ""to foster the development of specified activities in California related to space flight."" The vision of the CSTA was that ""California leads the world in space education, research, technology, manufacturing, services and transportation.""
The bill also authorized the CSTA to function as the California Spaceport Authority (one of five spaceport authorities in the nation) and set forth the duties of the CSTA. One such duty was to administer the Space Flight Competitive Grant Program.
Prior to enactment of AB 1475, California, which had been a leader in the space industry, did not have a coordinated, statewide voice on space issues. By creating the CSTA, AB 1475 provided a vehicle for such a unified voice. The CSTA served as the official policy advisor to the Governor and the Legislature on space-related matters, while acting as an advocate for the state on space technology issues (CA Government Code 15333.3).
Governed by a statewide board of directors, the space authority was a private nonprofit group whose headline members included Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon. However, it had managed more than $16 million in taxpayer funds since the 1990s.
Over the past decade, the group’s major focus was the California Space Center, a proposed complex envisioned as providing education, entertainment, cultural activities and office space just outside the only spaceport on the West Coast at Vandenberg Air Force Base in Santa Barbara County.
In January 2011, the CSA was within months of signing a final lease with the Air Force and breaking ground. However, just two months later in March, CSA leadership halted those plans. The space authority said it had determined the California Space Center would have had to navigate Santa Barbara County’s strict environmental review process, which would have added three to five years of hearings and approvals before construction could start. CSA had signaled its intent to move the center within the city limits of Lompoc, where city leaders welcomed the project.
On June 10, 2011, officials announced the CSA Board of Directors had agreed the previous Monday to begin the dissolution process, with members voting in favor of breaking up the organization. According to Janice Dunn, former deputy director, a lack of funding led to the decision. In the past few months, the organization learned an expected $5 million in federal money wouldn't be coming through, due in large part to the economic recession.
""The California Space Authority, Inc., (CSA) has initiated the process of dissolving the non-profit corporation in accordance with state law and the by-laws of the organization,” the group said in an e-mail statement to supporters. “The CSA board of directors voted unanimously on June 6, 2011, to begin the dissolution process and the members of CSA subsequently voted in favor of corporate dissolution. CSA will cease to operate effective today, June 10, 2011."" – Official statement released to media.

</doc>
<doc id="2902423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902423" title="Mary Pinchot Meyer">
Mary Pinchot Meyer

Mary Eno Pinchot Meyer (October 14, 1920 – October 12, 1964) was an American socialite, painter, former wife of Central Intelligence Agency official Cord Meyer and mistress of United States president John F. Kennedy, who was often noted for her desirable physique and social skills. Meyer's murder, two days before her 44th birthday, in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C., during the fall of 1964 would later stir speculation relating to Kennedy's presidency and assassination. In her 1998 biography, Nina Burleigh wrote, "Mary Meyer was an enigmatic woman in life, and in death her real personality lurks just out of view."
Early life.
Pinchot was the elder of two daughters born to Amos and Ruth (née Pickerling) Pinchot. Amos Pinchot was a wealthy lawyer and a key figure in the Progressive Party who had helped fund the socialist magazine "The Masses". Her mother Ruth was Pinchot's second wife who was a journalist that wrote for magazines such as "The Nation" and "The New Republic". She was also the niece of Gifford Pinchot, a noted conservationist and two-time Governor of Pennsylvania. Pinchot and her younger sister Antoinette (nicknamed "Tony") were raised at the family's Grey Towers home in Milford, Pennsylvania. As a child, Pinchot met left-wing intellectuals such as Mabel Dodge, Louis Brandeis, Robert M. La Follette, Sr., and Harold L. Ickes. She attended Brearley School and Vassar College, where she became interested in communism. She dated William Attwood in 1938 and while with him at a dance held at Choate Rosemary Hall she first met John F. Kennedy.
She left Vassar and became a journalist, writing for the United Press and "Mademoiselle". As a pacifist and member of the American Labor Party she came under scrutiny by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Marriage.
Pinchot met Cord Meyer in 1944 when he was a Marine Corps lieutenant who had lost his left eye because of shrapnel injuries received in combat. The two had similar pacifist views and beliefs in world government and married on April 19, 1945. That spring they both attended the UN Conference on International Organization in San Francisco, during which the United Nations was founded, Cord as an aide of Harold Stassen and Pinchot as a reporter for a newspaper syndication service. She later worked for a time as an editor for "Atlantic Monthly". Their eldest child Quentin was born in late 1945, followed by Michael in 1947, after which Pinchot became a homemaker, although she attended classes at the Art Students League of New York.
Cord Meyer became president of the United World Federalists in May 1947 and its membership doubled. Albert Einstein was an enthusiastic supporter and fundraiser. Mary Meyer wrote for the organization's journal. In 1950, their third child, Mark, was born and they moved to Cambridge, Massachusetts. Meanwhile her husband began to re-evaluate his notions of world government as members of the Communist Party USA infiltrated the international organizations he had founded. It is unknown when he first began secretly working with the Central Intelligence Agency, but in 1951 Allen Dulles approached Cord Meyer; he became an employee of the CIA and was soon a "principal operative" of Operation Mockingbird, a covert operation meant to sway American print and broadcast media toward the CIA line. Mary may also have done some work for the CIA during this time but her tendency towards spur-of-the-moment love affairs reportedly made the agency wary of her.
With her husband's CIA appointment, they moved to Washington D.C. and became highly visible members of Georgetown society. Their acquaintances included Joseph Alsop, Katharine Graham, Clark Clifford and Washington Post reporter James Truitt along with his wife, noted artist Anne Truitt. Their social circle also included CIA-affiliated people such as Richard M. Bissell, Jr., high ranking counter-intelligence official James Angleton and Mary and Frank Wisner, Meyer's boss at CIA. In 1953, Senator Joseph McCarthy publicly accused Cord Meyer of being a communist and the Federal Bureau of Investigation was reported to have looked into Mary's political past. Allen Dulles and Frank Wisner aggressively defended Meyer and he remained with the CIA. However, by early 1954, Pinchot Meyer's husband became unhappy with his CIA career. He used contacts from his covert operations in Operation Mockingbird to approach several New York publishers for a job but was rebuffed. During the summer of 1954, John F. Kennedy and his wife Jackie Kennedy bought a house near that of the Meyers'; Pinchot Meyer and Jackie Kennedy became friends and "they went on walks together." By the end of 1954, Cord Meyer was still with the CIA and often in Europe, running Radio Free Europe, Radio Liberty, and managing millions of dollars of U.S. government funds worldwide to support progressive-seeming foundations and organizations opposing the Soviet Union.
One of Pinchot Meyer's close friends and classmates from Vassar was Cicely d'Autremont, who married James Angleton. In 1955, Meyer's sister Antoinette (Toni) married Ben Bradlee of "The Washington Post". On December 18, 1956, the Meyers' middle son Michael was hit by a car near their house and killed at the age of nine. Although this tragedy brought Pinchot Meyer and Cord Meyer closer together for a time, Mary filed for divorce in 1958.
Relationship with Kennedy.
Pinchot Meyer and her two surviving sons remained in the family home. She began painting again in a converted garage studio at the home of her sister Toni and her husband, Ben Bradlee. She also started a close relationship with abstract-minimalist painter Kenneth Noland and became friendly with Robert Kennedy, who had purchased his brother's house, Hickory Hill, in 1957. Nina Burleigh in her book "A Very Private Woman" writes that after the divorce Meyer became "a well-bred ingenue out looking for fun and getting in trouble along the way." "Mary was bad," a friend recalled.
Burleigh claims James Angleton tapped Mary Meyer's telephone after she left her husband. Angleton often visited the family home and took her sons on fishing outings. Pinchot Meyer visited John F. Kennedy at the White House in October 1961 and their relationship became intimate. Pinchot Meyer told Ann and James Truitt she was keeping a diary.
Mary Pinchot Meyer and John F. Kennedy reportedly had "about 30 trysts" and at least one author has claimed she brought marijuana or LSD to almost all of these meetings. In January 1963, Philip Graham disclosed the Kennedy-Pinchot Meyer affair to a meeting of newspaper editors but his claim was not reported by the news media. Timothy Leary later claimed Pinchot Meyer influenced Kennedy's "views on nuclear disarmament and rapprochement with Cuba." In an interview with Nina Burleigh, Kennedy aide Myer Feldman said, "I think he might have thought more of her than some of the other women and discussed things that were on his mind, not just social gossip." Burleigh wrote, "Mary might actually have been a force for peace during some of the most frightening years of the cold war..."
Claims by Timothy Leary.
In 1983, former Harvard University psychology lecturer Timothy Leary claimed that in the spring of 1962, Pinchot Meyer, who, according to her biographer Nina Burleigh "wore manners and charm like a second skin", told Leary she was taking part in a plan to avert worldwide nuclear war by convincing powerful male members of the Washington establishment to take mind-altering drugs, which would presumably lead them to conclude that the Cold War was meaningless. According to Leary, Meyer had sought him out for the purpose of learning how to conduct LSD sessions with these powerful men, including, she strongly implied, President John F. Kennedy, who was then her lover. According to Leary, Pinchot Meyer said she had shared in this plan with at least seven other Washington socialite friends who held similar political views and were trying to supply LSD to a small circle of high ranking government officials. Leary also claimed that Pinchot Meyer had asked him for help while in a state of fear for her own life after the assassination of President Kennedy. 
In his biography "Flashbacks" (1983), Leary claimed he had a call from Pinchot Meyer soon after the Kennedy assassination during which she sobbed and said, "They couldn't control him any more. He was changing too fast...They've covered everything up. I gotta come see you. I'm afraid. Be careful." 
Burleigh does not draw a conclusion as to whether Meyer participated in LSD sessions with President Kennedy or other powerful figures, but also does not dismiss Leary's claims out of hand. Burleigh confirms Pinchot Meyer's own use of LSD, her involvement with Leary during his tenure at Harvard, and that this involvement occurred at the same time as Pinchot Meyer's intimate association with President Kennedy. Burleigh also states that the timing of Pinchot Meyer's visits to Leary coincided with the dates of Meyer's known private meetings with Kennedy. Burleigh writes:
LSD was then legal in the US, and its use to facilitate artistic endeavors was common in some of Pinchot Meyer's social circles.
Murder.
On October 12, 1964, Pinchot Meyer finished a painting and went for a walk along the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal towpath in Georgetown. Mechanic Henry Wiggins was trying to fix a car on Canal Road and heard a woman cry out, "Someone help me, someone help me." Wiggins heard two gunshots and ran to a low wall looking upon the path where he saw "a black man in a light jacket, dark slacks, and a dark cap standing over the body of a white woman."
Pinchot Meyer's body had two bullet wounds, one at the back of the head and another in her heart. An FBI forensic expert later said "dark haloes on the skin around both entry wounds suggested they had been fired at close-range, possibly point-blank".
Minutes later a disheveled, soaking African-American man named Raymond Crump was arrested near the murder scene. No gun was ever found and Crump was never linked to any gun of the type used to murder Mary Pinchot Meyer. Newspaper reports described her former husband only as either an author or government official and did not mention Kennedy, although many journalists apparently were aware of Meyer's past marriage to a high ranking CIA official and her friendship with Kennedy.
When Crump came to trial, judge Howard Corcoran ruled Mary Pinchot Meyer's private life could not be disclosed in the courtroom. Corcoran had recently been appointed by President Lyndon Johnson. Pinchot Meyer’s background was also kept from Dovey Johnson Roundtree, Crump's lawyer, who later recalled she could find out almost nothing about the murder victim: "It was as if she existed only on the towpath on the day she was murdered." Crump was acquitted of all charges on July 29, 1965, and the murder remains unsolved. Crump went on to what has been described as a "horrific" life of crime.
Diary.
In March 1976, James Truitt told the "National Enquirer" Meyer was having an affair with Kennedy. Truitt claimed Meyer had told his wife Anne she was keeping a diary and had asked her to safeguard it "if anything ever happened" to her. Anne Truitt, who was living in Tokyo when Meyer was murdered, called Toni (Mary's sister) and Ben Bradlee and told them of the diary and its location. (Ben Bradlee: "We didn't start looking until the next morning, when Toni and I walked around the corner a few blocks to Mary's house. It was locked, as we had expected, but when we got inside, we found James Angleton, and to our complete surprise he told us he, too, was looking for Mary's diary.") James Angleton was a high ranking CIA official; however, Angleton's wife, Cicely Angleton, was another close, personal friend of Mary Meyer. Those who did read the diary reportedly said it confirmed Meyer's intimate friendship with Kennedy, but gave no suggestion it contained any information about his assassination.
Cord Meyer's later statements about the murder.
Cord Meyer left the CIA in 1977. In his autobiography "Facing Reality: From World Federalism to the CIA" he wrote, "I was satisfied by the conclusions of the police investigation that Mary had been the victim of a sexually motivated assault by a single individual and that she had been killed in her struggle to escape." However his former personal assistant Carol Delaney later claimed, "Mr. Meyer didn't for a minute think that Ray Crump had murdered his wife or that it had been an attempted rape. But, being an Agency man, he couldn't very well accuse the CIA of the crime, although the murder had all the markings of an in-house rubout."

</doc>
<doc id="2902429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902429" title="Sabri Jiryis">
Sabri Jiryis

Sabri Jiryis (, , also known as Sabri Jaris, Sabri Geries, Sabri Jirais) (born 1938 in the Palestinian Christian town of Fassuta) is a Palestinian-Arab Israeli writer and lawyer, a graduate of the Hebrew University law faculty, and prominent Palestinian activist. In 1966 the first edition of his book "The Arabs in Israel" was published in Hebrew.
Arrest in Israel.
He was given an "Administrative House Arrest" on 25 April 1969. The order was given by the Chief of the Northern Command, David Elazar and based on Emergency Regulations. According to this order Sabri Jiryis was to:
20 February 1970 he was jailed on another Administrative regulation. In March 1970, Jiryis was one of the initiators of a hunger strike by Palestinian administrative detainees, which attracted wide support, including demonstrations in Israel and across the world. 
He was allowed to leave Israel later in 1970, and moved to Beirut where he became director of the Palestine Research Centre.
PLO activism.
About 1975 Arafat sent Sabri Jiryis together with Isam Sartawi to Washington, D.C. to open an office to represent the PLO. These two held a series of meetings, among others with people prominent in American Jewish groups in New York and Washington. Rabbi Max Ticktin and Arthur Waskow (both members of "Breira") were among five American Jews at the Washington meeting. According to some sources, Jiryis and Sartawi were within a few hours of holding a press conference to announce the establishment of their new office. However, Henry Kissinger, then the Secretary of State, working in coordination with Yitzhak Rabin, then the Israeli Prime Minister, sent the FBI to the Capitol Hilton Hotel to deport Jiryis and Sartawi.
About the same time, Israeli doves General Mattiyahu Peled, Uri Avneri, and Arie Eliav had been meeting for months in Paris with Jiryis and Sartawi.[http://www.friendsofopenhouse.org/article17.cfm]
In 1977 Jiryis, as a member of the Palestinian National Council, wrote:
"The Palestinians may, in certain circumstances, be ready to seek a settlement in the area to which Israel is a party. But they are not prepared to conclude an agreement recognizing the legitimacy of Zionism; no Palestinian Arab can ever accept as legitimate, a doctrine that he should be excluded from most parts of his homeland, because he is a Muslim Arab or a Christian Arab, while anyone of the Jewish faith from anywhere in the world is entitled to settle there. Realism may require recognition of the existence of a Jewish state in Palestine and that this fact be taken into account in seeking a settlement. But this can never mean approving the expansionist and exclusivist tendencies of Zionism." The Journal of Palestine Studies, 1977.
During the 1982 Lebanon War the Palestine Research Centre's historical archives were seized by occupying Israeli forces, but were returned as part of the November 1983 prisoner exchange with the PLO. In February 1983 a saboteur’s bomb destroyed the Centre; among those killed was Jiryis's wife.[http://www.ameu.org/page.asp?iid=171&aid=215&pg=10]
Jiryis moved on to Nicosia in July 1983. In 1995, after the Oslo accords, he returned to Israel.
2005 arrest of his brother.
On Jan. 7th 2006 it became known that his brother, Jiryis Jiryis, age 57, a resident of the Christian village of Fassuta in western Galilee (northern Israel), had been arrested on December 12, 2005. The arrest was kept secret by the Israeli military censor until an Acre municipal court judge accepted the newspaper Haaretz's request to lift the ban on publication of the affair.[http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/667264.html] The Shin Bet security service and the police alleged that Jiryis Jiryis had been recruited by Iranian intelligence during a stay in Cyprus.
Sabri Jiryis, acting as his brothers attorney, claimed that the suspicions were baseless. Jiryis said the security services had been tracking his brother for nine months, and that during his interrogation, he was presented with a recording of a phone call during which his brother was heard rejecting the Iranian agents' offer of assistance. "'My brother is a very secular man, affiliated with the PLO's centrist stream, who believes in peace talks and a two-state solution for two nations,' he told the Haaretz newspaper, and added: "What they are trying to ascribe to him contradicts his political outlook."
"During the detention, the police dropped the spy charges initially ascribed to him" Sabri Jiryis added further, and he believed the additional suspicions against his brother would be refuted "because the police have no evidence on the matter."

</doc>
<doc id="2902438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902438" title="Plectasin">
Plectasin

Plectasin is an antibiotic found by Novozymes in the Pezizalean fungus "Pseudoplectania nigrella". Plectasin belongs to the antimicrobial peptide class called Defensins, which is also present in invertebrates such as flies and mussels. Pre-clinical tests in mice have shown promising results in that multiresistant bacteria have problems mutating resistance against plectasin, which acts by directly binding the bacterial cell-wall precursor Lipid II. At the end of 2008, Novozymes signed a global licensing agreement with Sanofi-Aventis for the further development and marketing of NZ2114, a derivative of plectasin, as a treatment for gram-positive bacterial infections, e.g. Streptococcus and Staphylococcus which are resistant to all existing antibiotics.

</doc>
<doc id="2902446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902446" title="Raven Grimassi">
Raven Grimassi

Raven Grimassi (born 1951) is an Italian-American author of 17 books, and is a Pagan scholar with over 40 years of research and study in the genre of Wicca, Stregheria, Witchcraft and Neo-Paganism. Under the pen name of "Grimassi" he popularized Stregheria, the religious practice of witchcraft with roots in Italy. Grimassi presented this material as a Neo-Pagan version through his books.
Wicca.
Grimassi became involved with Wicca in 1969. He created his own system of witchcraft known as the "Aridian Tradition" ten years later, publishing it in print beginning in 1981. He is currently the directing elder of the Ash, Birch and Willow tradition, and co-director of the Fellowship of the Pentacle, a Mystery School tradition of pre-Christian European beliefs and traditions. In 1994, the new age publisher Llewellyn Publications accepted his manuscript for "Ways of the Strega", which was reprinted the following year as "Italian Witchcraft: The Old Religion of Southern Europe ".
Stregheria.
Reports that Grimassi claims to belong to a "family tradition" of religious witchcraft has opened him to criticism.
Professor Sabina Magliocco, a critic of some of Grimassi's claims, however points out that "Grimassi never claims to be reproducing exactly what was practiced by Italian immigrants to North America; he admits Italian-American immigrants "have adapted a few Wiccan elements into their ways". After personally meeting Grimassi, Professor Magliocco writes in her letter to the Pomegranate Reader's Forum: 
I had the pleasure of meeting Raven Grimassi during the summer of 2001, unfortunately after the final draft of my article had already been submitted to The Pom. He was very gracious and helpful to me. From information he revealed during our interview, I can say with reasonable certainty that I believe him to have been initiated into a domestic tradition of folk magic and healing such as I describe in my article. 
Awards.
Grimassi won "Book of the Year" and "First Place - Spirituality Book" from the Coalition of Visionary Retailers in 1998 for his book "The Wiccan Mysteries", and his book the "Encyclopedia of Wicca & Witchcraft" was also awarded "Best Non-Fiction".
His publisher Weiser Books, produced the author's biography, "Horns of Honor".

</doc>
<doc id="2902453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902453" title="WBJB-FM">
WBJB-FM

WBJB-FM (90.5 FM, "Brookdale Public Radio, 90.5 The NIGHT") is a non-commercial educational public radio station licensed to Brookdale Community College that serves Central New Jersey with "The News You Need and the Music You Love." Brookdale Public Radio is a member-supported station.
DJs and staff.
Michele McBride, Rich Robinson (former student), Jeff Raspe, Sean Carolan, Stephanie Coskey, Tara Feeley (former student), Stu Coogan (former student), Anthony Fox (former student), Darren D'Amato (student), Margaret Cristell (former student), Tom Brennan, Megan O'Shea (student), Tori (student), Brianne (student), "Radio Daddy".
On-air program schedule.
The station runs Adult album alternative or AAA programming every day except:
Live at The NIGHT CD series.
Starting in late 2000, WBJB started releasing "Live At The NIGHT" CDs that feature unique performances from their studios which are limited releases. The latest offering released in 2011 was Live At The NIGHT Volume 5. Track listings for all volumes of the series can be found on this MusicBrainz page.
Songwriters Concert Series.
Brookdale Public Radio sponsors a "Songwriters Concert Series" each summer. The shows are free and open to the public. They are held, weather permitting, on the beach in Belmar, New Jersey and were formerly held at Riverside Gardens Park in Red Bank, New Jersey. Artists performing in the 2013 Songwriters on the Beach series include Michael McDermott, Jersey Jung, Ari Hest, Nicole Atkins, Josh Joplin, Amanda Duncan, Frank Lombardi, Satellite, Inland Traveler, James Maddock, Thomas Wesley Stern, Richard Barone, and The Sunday Blues. Artists who have appeared in the Songwriters in the Park series include Ari Hest, Burlap to Cashmere, Corey Glover, Jeffrey Gaines, The Mastersons, (from Steve Earle's Band), Diego Garcia, Mindy Smith, Emily Grove, Scars on 45, The Dunwells, Jukebox The Ghost, Lightning Jar, Willie Nile, Bruce Tunkel, River City Extension, Accidental Seabirds, Red Wanting Blue, and Rick Barry.
HD radio multichannel broadcast.
In early March 2010, WBJB announced the broadcast of two multicast channels utilizing HD radio technology. The two channels are "Altrok Radio" on HD2 and "Brookdale Student Radio" on HD3. Each channel runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and are also available via internet streaming.
Altrok Radio began as a feature on Friday nights (Now, Altrok Radio FM Showcase) and has become a separate station under the umbrella of Brookdale Public Radio. Tom Brennan handles weekday mornings, Margaret Cristell is on mid days and Sean Carolan comes in for the afternoon shift and performs the duties of Music Director.
Brookdale Student Radio 90.5 HD3 is completely student run, with different students doing their own shifts. The station has a Freeform format with Alternative Rock when no student is on. One long running show "Check for Ticks with Darren and James" is filmed and shown on Brookdale TV.

</doc>
<doc id="2902457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902457" title="Suruj Ragoonath">
Suruj Ragoonath

Suruj Ragoonath (born March 22, 1968) is a former West Indian cricketer and right-handed batsman. He played in two Tests in March 1999, with a top score of 9 against Australia. Ragoonath was an extremely aggressive opening batsman. 
Ragoonath is currently the President of the Trinidad and Tobago Cricket Board.

</doc>
<doc id="2902459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902459" title="Samsung Lions">
Samsung Lions

Samsung Lions Baseball Club () is a Korea Professional Baseball team founded in 1982. They are based in the southeastern city of Daegu and are members of the Korean Baseball Organization. Their home stadium is Daegu Baseball Stadium. They have won the Korean Series six times. They are the current Korean champions and also the defending Asia Series champions, becoming the first non-Japanese located team to win the tournament since its inception.
The Samsung Lions won the Korean baseball championship for a third straight year, defeating the Doosan Bears in the deciding seventh game. 
The first retired number in the Samsung Lions organization was number 22, in honour of the legendary catcher and slugger, Lee Man-Soo, who is currently a manager with the SK Wyverns. The second retired number in the Samsung Lions organization is number 10, in honour of the legendary left-handed batter Yang Joon-Hyuk. Yang led the league in batting four times, and holds six batting career records including the home run record with 351. The expected retired number is number 36, in honour of the batter Lee Seung-Yeop, who has returned to the club after a period in the Nippon Professional Baseball.
Julio Franco of the Atlanta Braves once was a member of this team. The team also has an avid following amongst Americans living in South Korea

</doc>
<doc id="2902463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902463" title="Empress Xiaoshengxian">
Empress Xiaoshengxian

Empress Xiaoshengxian (Manchu: Hiyoošungga Enduringge Temgetulehe Hūwanghu; 1 January 1693 – 2 March 1777) was Noble Consort Xi of the Yongzheng Emperor of the Qing Dynasty. She was the birth mother of Yongzheng's son and successor, the Qianlong Emperor.
Biography.
Empress Xiaoshengxian was born of the Manchu Niuhuru clan, which was under the Bordered Yellow Banner of the Eight Banners. Her personal name is unknown. She was the daughter of Lingzhu (凌柱), a Fourth Class "Dianyi" (典儀; a type of official appointment).
Lady Niuhuru was married to Yinzhen, Prince Yong of the First Rank, in 1705, and was given the title of "Gege". In 1711 she gave birth to Yinzhen's fourth son, Hongli.
In 1722 the Kangxi Emperor died and was succeeded by Yinzhen, who became known as the Yongzheng Emperor. Lady Niuhuru was elevated to the status of Consort Xi (熹妃) a year later. In 1730 she was granted the title of Noble Consort Xi (熹貴妃). When Yongzheng's first wife Empress Xiaojingxian died in 1731, Lady Niuhuru was placed in charge of Yongzheng's other concubines.
The Yongzheng Emperor died in 1735 and was succeeded by Hongli, who became the Qianlong Emperor. Lady Niuhuru was promoted to the status of Empress Dowager Chongqing (崇慶皇太后).
The Qianlong Emperor held his mother in high regard and often consulted her for advice. Some believe that she may have been behind Qianlong's ill-fated selection of the Step Empress Ulanara. The Qianlong Emperor often visited his mother. Lady Niuhuru also always accompanied Qianlong on his excursions to Shenyang and the Yangtze River Delta. In her old age when Lady Niuhuru was no longer fit to travel, the Qianlong Emperor stopped all his trips and only resumed after her death.
Lady Niuhuru's 60th birthday in 1751 was lavishly celebrated. Qianlong ordered the roads decorated from Beijing to the Summer Palace, Chinese poems were read in her honour and sacrifices were made to the gods by the Qianlong Emperor and the entire imperial court. In her honor he also ordered the dredging of a lake at the Garden of Clear Ripples, which he named Lake Kunming, as well as renovated buildings on the lake shore.
Lady Niuhuru died in 1777 at the age of 84. She was interred in a separate tomb in the Western Qing Tombs in Hebei.
Titles held.
Posthumous title.
Empress Xiaoshengxian's full posthumous title is:

</doc>
<doc id="2902468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902468" title="Wave (Patti Smith Group album)">
Wave (Patti Smith Group album)

Wave is an album by the Patti Smith Group, released May 17, 1979 on Arista Records. This album was less commercially successful than its predecessor, "Easter", although it continued the band's move towards more radio-friendly mainstream pop music.
History.
The title track was a tribute to Pope John Paul I, whose brief papacy coincided with the recording sessions. The first single off the album was "Frederick", a love song for her husband-to-be Fred "Sonic" Smith with a melody and structure bearing resemblance to "Because the Night", the group's biggest hit. The second single, "Dancing Barefoot", has been covered by many artists.
The band broke up after this album was released, and Smith went on to marry Fred Smith and spend many years in semi-retirement following the birth of their children, Jesse and Jackson, until her 1988 solo comeback album, "Dream of Life". The 1996 remaster of "Wave" includes Smith's original version of "Fire of Unknown Origin." Blue Öyster Cult's version was released on their album of the same name in 1981. The back cover of the original LP bore a quote from the Jean Genet poem, "Le Condamné à mort":
Reception.
Upon its release in 1979, the album garnered mixed reviews, attracting either positive or negative commentary on its polished production and conventionality. Reviewers such as "Rolling Stone'"s Tom Carson, and Julie Burchill were not favourable in their reviews of the album, with the former negatively likening it to "Radio Ethiopia", Smith's last album to be critically maligned and the latter concluding her review with "is this the blandest record in the world?". Simon Frith of "Melody Maker" was more appreciative of the album, praising Rundgren's hand in the production and considered the songs to represent a newfound focus for Smith and the band.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Patti Smith, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2902476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902476" title="Hide and Seek (Tracie Spencer song)">
Hide and Seek (Tracie Spencer song)

"Hide and Seek" is the first single from Tracie Spencer's self-titled debut album. The single was released in December 1987. It was written by Lynn Davis. Although Tracie was only 11 years old when this single and debut album was released, critics and fans alike could see that her voice lurked some potential soulfulness. The theme of the song focuses on Tracie searching all over for someone (possibly someone she has a crush on), who she claims is playing "hide and seek" with her. After this single was released, the second single from her debut album, "Symptoms of True Love", was released in February 1988.
Chart information.
"Hide and Seek" did not chart onto the Billboard Hot 100, but did chart at number 32 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Hide and Seek" features Spencer singing the song in an audition for some kind of competition.

</doc>
<doc id="2902479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902479" title="7 Andromedae">
7 Andromedae

7 Andromedae (7 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 4.53.

</doc>
<doc id="2902480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902480" title="3 Andromedae">
3 Andromedae

3 Andromedae (3 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 4.64.

</doc>
<doc id="2902488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902488" title="65 Andromedae">
65 Andromedae

65 Andromedae (65 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 4.73.

</doc>
<doc id="2902489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902489" title="Jessamyn West">
Jessamyn West

Jessamyn West may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2902491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902491" title="58 Andromedae">
58 Andromedae

58 Andromedae (58 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 4.78.

</doc>
<doc id="2902495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902495" title="8 Andromedae">
8 Andromedae

8 Andromedae is a red giant star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 4.85.

</doc>
<doc id="2902498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902498" title="Skip Away">
Skip Away

Skip Away (April 4, 1993 – May 14, 2010), a gray Thoroughbred race horse, was named America's Champion 3 Year Old Male in 1996 and twice (1997, 1998) named America's Champion Handicap Horse. He won 10 Grade 1 races for $9,616,360 in prize money.
Breeding.
He was bred by Anna Marie Barnhart and foaled and reared at Hilmer Schmidt’s Indian Hill Farm in Florida, the son of Skip Trial, out of the Diplomat's Way mare Ingot Way. Skip Away was purchased for the modest sum of $30,000 at a two-year-olds in training sale in Ocala by Hall of Fame trainer Hubert "Sonny" Hine for his wife Carolyn, who had particularly wanted a gray horse because vision problems made it difficult for her to see any other kind on the race track.
Racing record.
Skip Away won one of six starts as a two-year-old, placing in the Cowdin and Remsen Stakes at Belmont Park. His first stakes win came as a three-year-old, when he defeated eventual Preakness Stakes winner Louis Quatorze by six lengths in the Blue Grass Stakes while setting a new stakes record over a wet-fast track at Keeneland Race Course.
After an unaccountably poor performance in the Kentucky Derby, Skip Away finished second in both the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes, losing the latter by a length to Editor's Note after a prolonged duel down the long stretch. He won the 1996 Haskell Invitational Handicap and in October of that year, he defeated Cigar, winner of 17 of his previous 18 races, in the Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park. Seizing the lead entering the stretch, Skip Away won by a head over the steadily closing champion.
Formal Gold defeated Skip Away in four of their six meetings in 1997. After Skip Away was soundly defeated as a four-year-old by Formal Gold in the Philip H. Iselin Breeders' Cup Handicap at Monmouth Park and in the Woodward Stakes at Belmont Park, he was given a new rider, Jerry Bailey, who replaced Shane Sellers. With Bailey at the reins, Skip Away adopted a new front-running style and won nine consecutive races, including a six-length victory in the 1997 Breeders' Cup Classic, contested that year at Hollywood Park Racetrack, setting a record time of 1:59:16 under another new rider, Mike Smith.
As a five-year-old, Skip Away won seven consecutive races including five Grade I events, such as the 1998 Pimlico Special, Hollywood Gold Cup, and Woodward Stakes. Although he failed to repeat his Breeders' Cup win at Churchill Downs, he was voted the Eclipse Award as both Champion Handicap Horse and Horse of the Year for 1998. He was retired to stud that fall with 18 wins and 34 in-the-money finishes from 38 career starts and earnings of $9,616,360.
Stud record.
During his 12 years at stud, Skip Away sired 489 foals and from the nine crops of racing age, he had 21 stakes winners, who earned $19,424,552 His more notable offspring include Skipshot (Swaps Stakes), Skip Code (Grey Stakes) and Sister Swank (Valley View Stakes).
At age seventeen, Skip Away died of an apparent heart attack in his paddock on May 14, 2010 at Hopewell Farm in Midway, Kentucky. Skip Away is interred at Old Friends Farm in Georgetown Kentucky.
Honors.
Skip Away was inducted into National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 2004. In the Blood-Horse magazine ranking of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century, Skip Away was ranked No.32.
In 2001, Gulfstream Park Racetrack in Hallandale Beach, Florida honored Skip Away by renaming its Broward Handicap the Skip Away Handicap.

</doc>
<doc id="2902499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902499" title="60 Andromedae">
60 Andromedae

60 Andromedae is the Flamsteed designation for a star system in the northern constellation of Andromeda, located to the west-northwest of Gamma Andromedae. It is bright enough to be seen by the naked with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.82. Based upon parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, it is at a distance of roughly from Earth.
This system is known to have three components. The primary is a giant star with a stellar classification of . It is being orbited by a white dwarf with a period of 748.2 days and an eccentricity of 0.34. There is a third component at an angular separation of 0.22 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2902503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902503" title="22 Andromedae">
22 Andromedae

22 Andromedae (22 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.01.

</doc>
<doc id="2902505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902505" title="41 Andromedae">
41 Andromedae

41 Andromedae (41 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.04.

</doc>
<doc id="2902506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902506" title="Stephen A. Mitchell (psychologist)">
Stephen A. Mitchell (psychologist)

Stephen A. Mitchell (July 23, 1946 – December 21, 2000) was a clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst whose writings helped to clarify many disparate psychoanalytic theories and theoreticians. His book with Jay R. Greenberg, "Object Relations in Psychoanalytic Theory" (1983), became a classic textbook in graduate schools and post-graduate institutions, providing a clear and systematic comparison of what had long been a highly complex and often confusing set of disparate theories.
"Object Relations in Psychoanalytic Theory" distinguished between psychoanalytic theories that emphasize biological drives such as sexuality and aggression, on the one hand, and theories that emphasize human relationships, on the other. The former were referred to as "drive/conflict theories", and the latter were termed "relational/conflict theories". Mitchell and Greenberg argued that drive theories and relational theories are conceptually incompatible, and psychoanalysis must therefore choose between them. After their book, the ideas of Mitchell and Greenberg diverged. Mitchell became generally acknowledged as the founder of the school of psychoanalysis known as Relational, which he described in his books, which include "Relational Concepts in Psychoanalysis" (1988), "Hope and Dread in Psychoanalysis" (1993), "Influence and Autonomy in Psychoanalysis" (1997), "Relationality" (2000), "Can Love Last?" (2001), and, with Margaret Black, "Freud and Beyond: A History of Psychoanalytic Thought" (1996).
One of Mitchell's most important accomplishments was the establishment of the international psychoanalytic journal, "Psychoanalytic Dialogues", a highly influential scholarly quarterly that continues to bring Relational Psychoanalysis to a wide audience. Mitchell served as Editor for the journal's first ten years, 1990-2000. After the publication of his first book, with Greenberg, he was in great demand, and taught his ideas across the United States, Europe, and Israel. 
In addition to his scholarly contributions, Mitchell was also an important political figure in psychoanalysis. He was instrumental in developing a number of psychoanalytic organizations, including the American Psychological Association's Division of Psychoanalysis, the Relational Track of the New York University Postdoctoral Program in Psychotherapy and Psychoanalysis, and a variety of other groups. Two of Mitchell's early scholarly articles were a decisive influence in changing the mental health community's tendency to pathologize homosexuality. 
Mitchell died of cardiac arrest at age 54. His final book, published posthumously and entitled "Can Love Last?" was an application of relational theory to love relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="2902508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902508" title="2 Andromedae">
2 Andromedae

2 Andromedae is a binary star[http://adsabs.harvard.edu/cgi-bin/nph-bib_query?2008MNRAS.389..869E&db_key=AST] in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.09.

</doc>
<doc id="2902509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902509" title="Bardon, Queensland">
Bardon, Queensland

Bardon is an inner suburb of the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is located approximately west of the Brisbane CBD. Bardon is a leafy residential suburb, much of which nestles into the foothills of Mount Coot-tha.
History.
The suburb of Bardon was originally known as 'Upper Paddington', until it was defined then renamed by the Ithaca Town Council in 1925 after 'Bardon', the villa built by Joshua Jeays in 1863 and named for Bardon Hill in his native Leicestershire, England. The house now forms part of the campus of St Joseph's Catholic Primary School, The Drive, Bardon.
The suburb is characterised by stand-alone houses on separate lots, which make up 89% of the housing stock in Bardon.
Bardon is located in the foothills on the eastern side of Mount Coot-tha, and is characterised by ridges separated by steep gullies. Some major streets generally follow the ridgelines, including Simpsons Road and Macgregor Terrace. The side streets connecting to these ridge-line roads are among Brisbane's steepest. Ithaca Creek, a tributary of Enoggera Creek, drains the eastern side of Mount Coot-tha and flows through the suburb in a generally north-easterly direction.
Heritage listings.
Bardon has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Bardon is 9,256, 52.8% female and 47.2% male.
The median/average age of the Bardon population is 36 years of age, 1 year below the Australian average.
79.7% of people living in Bardon were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 4.5%, New Zealand 2.6%, United States of America 0.9%, South Africa 0.8%, Scotland 0.7%.
90.7% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% Italian, 0.6% German, 0.6% French, 0.5% Spanish, 0.4% Dutch.
Facilities.
Adjoining Bardon is "Fernberg" which serves as Government House, Queensland, the official residence of the Governor of Queensland in the suburb of Paddington.
The suburb is home to the Wests Panthers rugby league club, Wests Juniors Leagues Club (a rugby league club) and Brisbane Irish Rugby Football Club. These sports teams are located in Purtell Park where home matches are played. Club facilities are undergoing refurbishment as of 2007.
In 2012 Voices of Birralee moved their headquarters to Purtell Park and have set up a vibrant community arts hub. There are now 400 children and young people who rehearse there weekly.
Bowman Park in Bardon is home to the Bardon Latrobe Junior Soccer Club, one of the oldest football clubs in Brisbane, and the West Brisbane Cricket Club. The park, formerly known as the 'Cobbler's Flats', was named after prominent Queensland Labor politician, David Bowman (1860-1916), as were the adjacent David Avenue and Bowman Parade.
Local schools include St Joseph's Catholic primary school, Bardon State School on Simpsons Rd, Rainworth State School on Boundary Road and Ithaca Creek State School on Lugg Street.
A small neighbourhood convenience shopping centre and various other shops and restaurants are located in and around Macgregor Terrace.
Transport.
Bardon is well served by several Brisbane Transport bus services, including the 385 BUZ service, the cross-town Great Circle Line 598/599,as well as several all-stops services to the city 375-Bardon/City/Stafford City/City/Bardon. Prior to 1968, Bardon was serviced by a tram line which terminated at Morgan Terrace 75. The bus route has been extended from Morgan Terrace, past the Bardon State School, to terminate at Carwoola Street approximately further out towards Mount Coot-tha.
Bardon is located on Metroad 5, a major north/south arterial that serves as a western bypass of Brisbane. Metroad 5 is known (from north to south) as Jubilee Terrace, Macgregor Terrace, an expressway-grade Boundary Road (1990s) and Rouen Road through the suburb.
Three major roads from the west and north converge on Macgregor Terrace, in addition to two major roads from the east and south, resulting in traffic congestion in peak periods. The Queensland Department of Main Roads is currently investigating three options for upgrading Macgregor Terrace and Jubilee Terrace, two of which will result in properties being resumed.

</doc>
<doc id="2902511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902511" title="64 Andromedae">
64 Andromedae

64 Andromedae (64 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.19.
64 Andromedae is a deep-yellow coloured G-type giant. It is approximately 375 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902514" title="28 Andromedae">
28 Andromedae

28 Andromedae or (GN Andromedae) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.20.

</doc>
<doc id="2902516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902516" title="14 Andromedae">
14 Andromedae

14 Andromedae or 14 And is an orange giant star approximately 258 light-years away in the constellation of Andromeda. The star is a suspected variable star. It is thought that 14 Andromedae was formerly an A- or F-type main-sequence star early in its life. As of 2008, an extrasolar planet is thought to be orbiting the star, being one of the few known planets to be orbiting an evolved intermediate-mass star.
Planetary system.
In 2008, a planet (designated 14 Andromedae b) was announced to be orbiting the star. The planet was found to have a minimum mass of 4.8 Jupiter masses and orbiting in a circular orbit that takes 186 days to complete. The planet is one of the innermost planets around an evolved intermediate-mass star (such planets have only been discovered in clump giants).

</doc>
<doc id="2902521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902521" title="49 Andromedae">
49 Andromedae

49 Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.27.

</doc>
<doc id="2902524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902524" title="4 Andromedae">
4 Andromedae

4 Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.30.

</doc>
<doc id="2902528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902528" title="32 Andromedae">
32 Andromedae

32 Andromedae (32 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.30.

</doc>
<doc id="2902530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902530" title="Vera, Santa Fe">
Vera, Santa Fe

Vera is a city in the north of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It is the head town of the Vera Department and lies 256 km from the provincial capital (Santa Fe). It has a population of about 20,000 inhabitants ().
The town was founded in 1891 by M. Leiva and E. Alemán, soon after the arrival of the Ferrocarril Provincial de Santa Fe in February 1890, and became a city on 24 June 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="2902535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902535" title="62 Andromedae">
62 Andromedae

62 Andromedae (62 And, c Andromedae, c And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.31.

</doc>
<doc id="2902537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902537" title="18 Andromedae">
18 Andromedae

18 Andromedae (18 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.35.

</doc>
<doc id="2902541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902541" title="55 Andromedae">
55 Andromedae

55 Andromedae (55 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.42.

</doc>
<doc id="2902542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902542" title="Medina Azahara">
Medina Azahara

Medina Azahara ( "Madīnat az-Zahrā": literal meaning "city of the flower") is the ruins of a vast, fortified Arab Muslim medieval palace-city built by Abd-ar-Rahman III al-Nasir, (912–961) Umayyad Caliph of Córdoba, and located on the western outskirts of Córdoba, Spain. It was an Arab Muslim medieval town and the de facto capital of al-Andalus, or Muslim Spain, as the heart of the administration and government was within its walls. Built beginning in 936-940, the city included ceremonial reception halls, mosques, administrative and government offices, gardens, a mint, workshops, barracks, residences, and baths. Water was supplied through aqueducts.
The main reason for its construction was politico-ideological: the dignity of the Caliph required the establishment of a new city, a symbol of his power, imitating other Eastern Caliphates. Above all, it demonstrated his superiority over his great rivals, the Fatimids of Ifriqiya in Northern Africa. Legend also says it was built as a tribute to the favourite of the Caliph: Azahara.
The complex was extended during the reign of Abd ar-Rahman III's son Al-Hakam II (r. 961-976), but after his death soon ceased to be the main residence of the Caliphs. In 1010 it was sacked in a civil war, and thereafter abandoned, with many elements re-used elsewhere. Its ruins were excavated starting from the 1910s. Only about 10 percent of the 112 hectares have been excavated and restored, but this area includes the central area, with "two caliphal residences, with associated bath complexes, two aristocratic residences, and service quarters ... spaces associated with the palace guard; some large administrative buildings ... the extraordinary court complex presided over by the reception hall ... the great garden spaces, and just outside this area, the congregational mosque".
A new museum on the edge of the site has been built low, with much of the space underground, to minimize disruption to the views of the landscape from the ruins, which are also beginning to be affected by modern housing.
Location.
Located west of Córdoba in the foothills of the Sierra Morena, oriented north-to-south on the slopes of Jabal al-Arus, and facing the valley of the Guadalquivir river, is Madinat az-Zahra, billed as the Versailles of the Middle Ages. It was chosen for its outstanding landscape values, allowing a hierarchical construction program so the city and the plains beyond its feet were physically and visually dominated by the buildings of the fortress. There was also a quarry of limestone, used for the primary construction, though other stones from an area 50 km around were also used. The city's construction led to a road, water and supply infrastructure partly preserved until today in the form of remains of roads, quarries, aqueducts and bridges.
The topography played a decisive role in shaping the city. Taking full advantage of the uneven terrain, the palace city of Madinat az-Zahra was distributed in three terraces. Unlike the labyrinthine and chaotic character typical of Muslim urbanism, the site of the city adopted a rectangular shape comprising an area of 112 hectares. It extended per side from east to west and about from north to south, just warped on the north side by the need to adapt to the difficult topography of the terrain. 
Its location in the foothills of Sierra Morena made it possible to design an urban program in which the location and physical relationships between the various constructions were expressive of the role of each in the setting. The palace was located at a higher level, and staggered its buildings along the side of the mountain in an expression of clear preeminence over the urban hamlets and the Aljama Mosque spread across the plains below. Following the terraces, the first corresponds to the residential area of the caliph, next comes the official area including the houses of the viziers, the guard-room, administrative offices and gardens. Next is the city proper, with housing, crafts, and the great mosque of the two lower terraces separated by another wall in order to isolate the upper palace complex. Archaeological research has revealed an urban morphology characterized by the existence of large areas of undeveloped land, which serves to empty the entire southern front of the fortress, ensuring privacy and maintaining an open, idyllic country landscape. The only spaces built on the lowest level are two broad bands: the western, with an urban management orthogon, and the eastern, with less rigid planning.
There were two complexes outside but close by the city, one a large villa at the centre of a large agricultural estate, later given to the state treasurer. The other, Turruñuelos, was a huge rectangular building, perhaps a barracks.
Palace area.
The palace was built where the 1st century Roman aqueduct running from the Sierra Morena to Cordoba ran, but this was several metres below the palace, so a new spur was constructed further back to bring permanent running water to the higher levels. In turn, the section of the old Roman aqueduct now diverted was used as a main sewer for a highly complex system of small channels carrying away rain and waste water. Many food and ceramic remains have been found here.
The initial construction of the palace was very rapid: begun in 936 or 940, the mosque was completed in 941 and by 945 the caliph was in residence, moving in the mint by 947. However, construction continued for decades, with many changes of plan and examples building-over previous buildings. The reception hall of Abd-ar-Rahman, or "Salon Rico", can be dated by inscriptions to between 953 and 957. The large "House of Ja'far" is built over three earlier houses, and the building known as the "Court of the Pillars" replaced two earlier ones in the mid-950s. The other large hall remaining, the so-called "upper basilical hall" or "Dar al-Jund" ("House of the Army", a name mentioned in literary sources) was also probably built in the 950s.
Gardens.
There were at least three gardens in the city. A small garden, referred to as "The Prince's Garden", was located on the upper terrace. This garden was for the use of the nobility, the wealthy, and the powerful; those who frequented the palace itself.
The two lower terraces supported huge, formal Islamic gardens. The westernmost of these was the lowest terrace of the city. The easternmost of these two lower gardens, the middle terrace, led to the reception hall known as the "Salon Rico". This eastern garden had a pavilion, surrounded by four rectangular pools, at its center. The four quadrants of this garden were sunken, and supplied with water from channels along the connecting walkways.
History.
The city, which flourished for approximately 80 years, was built by caliph Abd-ar-Rahman III of Córdoba starting between 936 and 940. After he had proclaimed himself caliph in 928, he decided to show his subjects and the world his power by building a palace-city 5 km from Córdoba. The largest known city built from scratch in Western Europe, it would be described by travelers from northern Europe and from the East as a dazzling series of palaces full of treasures never seen before. Around 1010, Madinat az-Zahra was sacked during the civil war that led to the dissolution of the Caliphate of Cordoba. The raid effectively wiped the city off the map for a millennium.
Popular legend holds that the Caliph named az-Zahra, or Azahara, after his favorite concubine, and that a statue of a woman stood over the entrance. Others, imagining his demanding lover, say that he built this new city just to please her. The truth, however, has probably more to do with politics than love. Abd ar-Rahman III ordered the construction of this city at a time when he had just finished consolidating his political power in the Iberian Peninsula and was entering into conflict with the Fatimid dynasty for the control of North Africa. Zahara means 'shining, radiant or blossoming' in Arabic: the name communicates aspirations of power and status, not romantic love. Az-Zahra is the most common title for the daughter of the Prophet Muhammad Fatimah az-Zahra. As such, the Fatimid dynasty of North Africa adorned many buildings and even towns with her name. A female scholar in her own right, her title az-Zahra (the brilliant) was given to the oldest functioning university in the world, the al-Az'har/al-Azhar University in Cairo in 968, built by the Fatimids. The Umayyads' ambitions in North Africa could well explain the usage of the name for the new city to rival the Fatimids' influence there through Islamic/ religious iconography.
In 929, Abd ar-Rahman III declared himself utterly independent, the true Caliph (Prince of Believers) and descendant of the Umayyad dynasty, which had nearly been completely exterminated by the Abbasids in the 9th century. He brought about a series of political, economic and ideological measures to impress his legitimacy upon the world. A new capital city, befitting his status, was one of those measures. He decided to build the city in 936 and construction took about forty years. The Mosque on the site was consecrated in 941 and in 947 the government was transferred from Córdoba.
In 2005, it was described by the American newspaper "The New York Times" as follows:
What is visible of the ruins of Madinat az-Zahra today is only 10% of its extent. The 112 hectare-urb was no mere pleasure palace for weekend excursions, but the effective capital of al-Andalus, the territory controlled by the Muslims in the Iberian Peninsula from the beginning of the 8th century to the middle of the 11th. The magnificent white city, built in steps into the hillside at the base of the Sierra Morena with the Caliph's palace at the highest point, was designed to be seen by his subjects and foreign ambassadors for kilometers. Abd ar-Rahman III moved his entire court to Medina Azahara in 947-48.
With time the entire city was buried, not to be unearthed until 1911. Excavation and restoration continues, depending upon funding by the Spanish government. The unexcavated portion, however, is threatened by the illegal construction of housing. According to the "New York Times", "The local government in Córdoba, he said, has failed to enforce a law passed 10 years ago that expanded protections for the site against development... Construction companies are putting up houses on the site of the city, 90 percent of which remains unexcavated." 
Artistically, the Medina Azahara played a great role in formulating a distinct Andalusian Islamic architecture. Many of its features, such as basilical royal reception halls (as contrasted with domed ones in the eastern part of the Islamic world) are here conceived for the first time. Other features, such as the arranging of the suites of rooms around a central courtyard or garden, are echoed throughout western Islamic architecture, for example as late as in the Alhambra. The Mosque of Medina Azahara bears close resemblance to the Great Mosque of Córdoba; it has been called its "little sister"
Before coming to power, Al-Mansur Ibn Abi Aamir (called Almanzor in the west) lived in the suburbs of Córdoba. On becoming the Hajib (Chamberlain to the Caliph) he decided to build a palace city for himself, which, if not more, was as beautiful as Medina Azahara built by Abd-ar-Rahman III. The palace was to be located just opposite to Al-Zahra, which was situated in the west of Córdoba. The foundations of Al-Zahira were laid in 978-979 near river Guadalquivir. Mansur called his palace Madinah Az-Zahira as well.
Mansur's purpose behind building this palace was to inspire awe and to have his name written in the pages of history along with the name of the greatest king of Al-Andalus, Abd-ar-Rahman III. It was a beautiful palace with extensive gardens around it. It housed the High officials and barracks for the guards of Al-Mansur.
However, on the death of Al-Mansur in 1002, his eldest son Abd al Malik Al-Muzafer succeeded to the throne, and on his death Abdar Rehaman As-Sanjul or Sanchelo or little Sancho (his mother Abda, was a daughter of Sancho the count of Casile), another son of Al-Mansur, followed his brother. People rose in revolt in Córdoba, while Sanchelo was busy in his expedition against Alfonso V in December 1009. Since Sanchelo was absent and there was nothing else in sight toward which to vent their anger, the people looted the palace built by Al-Mansur for four days. when they were through with the looting and plundering the palace, they put it to flames, and in no time the beautiful Az-Zahira was reduced to ashes.

</doc>
<doc id="2902544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902544" title="11 Andromedae">
11 Andromedae

11 Andromedae (11 And) is a K-type giant star in the constellation of Andromeda. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.457.

</doc>
<doc id="2902546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902546" title="Bogo-Indian Defence, Monticelli Trap">
Bogo-Indian Defence, Monticelli Trap

In chess, the Monticelli Trap is a combination in the Bogo–Indian Defence, named for Italian champion Mario Monticelli from the game Monticelli versus Prokeš, Budapest 1926. Although it is called a trap because White wins the exchange, Black does obtain some compensation.
The trap begins with the moves:
Discussion.
White threatens mate with 11.Qxh7# as well as 11.Bxb7 winning a bishop and a rook. After either 10...Ne4 11.Bxe4 or 10...Qxg5 11.Bxb7, Black loses the exchange, but obtains compensation in the form of one or more pawns and possibly a weakened white king. It is unclear if the position is a forced win for White.
Former world champion José Raúl Capablanca allowed 10.Ng5 twice in consecutive games as Black against Max Euwe in Amsterdam, 1931, drawing both times. The second game continued:
The line has been played several times over the years at the highest levels, including Portisch–Andersson 1983, which ended in a draw, and Aronian–Postny 2005, which White won. The offer of the exchange has in fact been refused by White in grandmaster games (either by 10.Qxc3 or 10.Ng5 Ne4 11.Bxe4 Bxe4 12.Nxe4).
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2902548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902548" title="Baby, Stop Crying">
Baby, Stop Crying

"Baby, Stop Crying" is a song written by Bob Dylan, released in 1978 as a single and on his album "Street Legal". It was performed live only during his big-band world-wide tour of 1978. The song charted at #13 in the UK and was a top-ten song in much of Europe, although it failed to chart in the United States.
Dylan plays the role of consoler to a despairing woman in this song, even asking for a pistol in the opening verse, claiming he "can't tell right from wrong." Commenting on the content of this song, Dylan once said that "the man in that song has his hand out and is not afraid of getting it bit." Like many of the tracks from "Street Legal", "Baby, Stop Crying" features a saxophone and a trio of female backup singers.

</doc>
<doc id="2902549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902549" title="36 Andromedae">
36 Andromedae

36 Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.46. Though appearing as a single star to the naked eye, 36 Andromedae is a close visual binary system with components of magnitudes 6.12 and 6.54, having an orbital period of 167.71 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2902552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902552" title="Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanov">
Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanov

Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanov () ( – 16 July 1949) was a Russian poet and playwright associated with the Russian Symbolist movement. He was also a philosopher, translator, and literary critic.
Early life.
Born in Moscow, Ivanov graduated from the First Moscow Gymnasium with a gold medal and entered the Moscow University where he studied history and philosophy under Sir Paul Vinogradoff. In 1886 he moved to the Berlin University to study Roman law and economics under Theodor Mommsen. During his stay in Germany, he absorbed the thoughts of Friedrich Nietzsche and German Romantics, notably Novalis and Friedrich Hölderlin.
From 1892, Ivanov studied archaeology in Rome, completing his doctoral dissertation there. 
In Rome, he met Lydia Zinovieva-Annibal, a poet and translator. Having both received an Orthodox ecclesiastical divorce, they married in 1899, first settling in Athens, then moving to Geneva, and making pilgrimages to Egypt and Palestine. During that period, Ivanov frequently visited Italy, where he studied the Renaissance art. The rugged nature of Lombardy and the Alps became the subject of his first sonnets, which were heavily influenced by the medieval poetry of Catholic mystics.
Poet and classicist.
At the turn of the 20th century, Ivanov elaborated his views on the spiritual mission of Rome and the Ancient Greek cult of Dionysus. He summed up his Dionysian ideas in the treatise "The Hellenic Religion of the Suffering God" (1904), which traces the roots of literature in general and, following Nietzsche's "The Birth of Tragedy", the art of tragedy in particular to ancient Dionysian mysteries.
Ivanov's first collection, "Lodestars", was published in 1903. It contained many of his pieces written a decade earlier and was praised by the leading critics as a new chapter in the Russian Symbolism. The poems were compared to Milton's and Trediakovsky's on account of their detached, calculated archaism. 
In 1905 Ivanov made his triumphant return to St Petersburg, where he was much lionized as a foreign curiosity. A turreted house where he and Zinovieva-Annibal settled became the most fashionable literary salon of the era, and was frequented by poets (Alexander Blok), philosophers (Nikolai Berdyayev), artists (Konstantin Somov), and dramatists (Vsevolod Meyerhold). The latter staged Calderon's "Adoration of the Cross" in Ivanov's house. The poet exerted a formative influence on the Russian Symbolist movement, whose main tenets were formulated in the turreted house.
According to James H. Billington: 
'Viacheslav the Magnificent' was the crown prince and "chef de salon" of the new society, which met in his seventh floor apartment 'The Tower,' overlooking the gardens of the Tauride Palace in St. Peterburg. Walls and partitions were torn down to accommodate the increasing numbers of talented and disputatious people who flocked to the Wednesday soirees, which were rarely in full swing until after supper had been served at 2 A.M.
Future Russian Orthodox nun Maria Skobtsova was then an acclaimed poetess and frequent guest at the Ivanov flat. Decades later, while living in Paris as a White emigre, she recalled the atmosphere at the Tower: 
We lived in the middle of a vast country as if on an unhabited island. Russia was illiterate, whereas in our milieu was concentrated all the culture of the world: the Greeks were quoted by heart, we welcomed the French symbolists, we thought of Scandinavian literature as our own, we were familiar with the philosophy, theology, poetry and history of the whole wide world, in this sense we were citizens of the universe, the keepers of mankind's cultural museum. This was Rome in the time of its decline... We played out the last act of the tragedy concerned with the rift between the intelligentsia and the people. Beyond us stretched out the Russian Empire's snowy desert, a country in fetters: it was as ignorant of our delights as of our anguish, while its own delights and anguish had no effect on us.
Theories of theatre.
It was at this time that Ivanov wrote the first of his two plays, "Tantalus" (1905). Like his second, "Prometheus" (1919), it imitated the dramatic structure and mythological subject-matter of Aeschylean tragedy and was written in obscure and archaic language. It was his unrealised, utopian ideas about theatre, however, that proved far more influential. Ivanov regarded it as having the potential to be the most powerful of the arts and capable of taking over the function of the Church and restoring religious belief in a society that had lost its faith.
Ivanov's theories were part of a shift in the second phase of Russian Symbolism away from the influence of French decadence and the ideas of Valery Bryusov, with its abstract evocations of inner states, towards the German philosophical tradition, and the ideas of Richard Wagner and Friedrich Nietzsche in particular, and the promotion of an ecstatic (in both the religious and philosophical senses) theatre of mass participation. The ideas of Aleksei Remizov (who was the literary manager of Vsevolod Meyerhold's New Drama Association at this time), Fyodor Sologub, and the Mystical Anarchism of Georgy Chulkov were all part of this second phase of the movement.
Ivanov proposed the creation of a new type of mass theatre, which he called a "collective action," that would be modelled on ancient religious rituals, Athenian tragedy, and the medieval mystery play. Writing in an essay on the mask ("Poèt i Čern") that was published in the magazine "Vesy" ("Libra" or "The Scales") in 1904, Ivanov argued for a revival of the ancient relationship between the poet and the masses. Inspired by "The Birth of Tragedy" and Wagner's theories of theatre, Ivanov sought to provide a philosophical foundation for his proposals by linking Nietzsche's analysis with Leo Tolstoy's Christian moralising, and ancient cultic performance with later Christian mysteries. The idea that the Dionysian could be associated with a concept of universal brotherhood would have been completely alien to Nietzsche, who had stressed the fundamental differences between the two traditions. Ivanov, however, understood Dionysus as an avatar for Christ. By means of the mask, he argued, the tragic hero appears not as an individual character but rather as the embodiment of a fundamental Dionysian reality, "the one all-human I." By means of hero's example, therefore, staged myth would give the people access to its sense of the "total unity of suffering." 
Rejecting theatrical illusion, Ivanov's modern liturgical theatre would offer not the representation of action ("mimesis"), but action itself ("praxis"). This would be achieved by overcoming the separation between stage and auditorium, adopting an open space similar to the classical Greek "orchêstra", and abolishing the division between actor and audience, such that all become co-creating participants in a sacred rite. Ivanov imagined staging such a performance in a hall in which furniture is distributed "by whim and inspiration." Actors would mingle with the audience, handing out masks and costumes, before, singing and dancing as a chorus, collective improvisation would merge all participants into a communal unity.
Thus, he hoped, the theatre would facilitate a genuine revolution in culture and society. Writing in "Po zvezdam" in 1908, Ivanov argued:
The theatres of the chorus tragedies, the comedies and the mysteries must become the breeding-ground for the creative, or prophetic, self-determination of the people; only then will be resolved the problem of fusing actors and spectators in a single orgiastic body. [...] And only, we may add, when the choral voice of such communities becomes a genuine referendum of the true will of the people will political freedom become a reality.
While some, such as the director Meyerhold, enthusiastically embraced Ivanov's ideas (at least insofar as they proposed overcoming the division between actor and audience in a collective improvisation), others were more skeptical. The poet Andrei Bely argued that the realities of a modern, class-divided society could not be abolished by means of masks and costumes, however earnestly adopted:
Let's suppose we go into the temple-theatre, robe ourselves in white clothes, crown ourselves with bunches of roses, perform a mystery play (its theme is always the same—God-like man wrestles with fate) and then at the appropriate moment we join hands and begin to dance. Imagine yourself, reader, if only for just one minute, in this role. We are the ones who will be spinning round the sacrificial altar—all of us: the fashionable lady, the up-and-coming stockbroker, the worker and the member of the State Council. It is too much to expect that our steps and our gestures will coincide. While the class struggle still exists, these appeals for an aesthetic democratization are strange.
Beyond widowhood.
His wife's death in 1907 was a great blow to Ivanov. Thereafter the dazzling Byzantine texture of his poetry wore thin, as he insensibly slipped into theosophy and mysticism. The poet even claimed to have had a vision of his late wife ordering him to marry the daughter by her first marriage. Indeed, he married this stepdaughter in 1910; their son Dmitry was born 2 years later.
Anna Akhmatova.
According to an autobiographical sketch written by Anna Akhmatova, Ivanov first met her in 1910. At the time, Akhmatova was still married to Nikolai Gumilev, who first brought her to the turreted house. There, Akhmatova read some of her verse aloud to Ivanov, who ironically quipped, "What truly heavy romanticism. A short time later, Gumilev left his wife for a big game hunting holiday in Ethiopia. In the aftermath, Ivanov tried very hard to persuade Akhmatova to leave her immature husband, saying, "You'll make him a man if you do." Moreover, Akhmatova indignantly recalled that Ivanov would often weep as she recited her verse at the turreted house, but would later, "vehemently criticize," the same poems at literary salons. Akhmatova would never forgive him for this. Her ultimate evaluation of her former patron was as follows, "Vyacheslav was neither grand nor magnificent (he thought this up himself) but a 'catcher of men.'"
Translator and scholar.
Upon their return from an Italian voyage (1912–13), Ivanov made the acquaintances of art critic Mikhail Gershenzon, philosopher Sergei Bulgakov, and composer Alexander Scriabin. He elaborated many of his Symbolist theories in a series of articles, which were finally revised and reissued as "Simbolismo" in 1936. At that time, he relinquished poetry in favour of translating the works of Sappho, Alcaeus, Aeschylus, and Petrarch into the Russian language.
After 1917.
In 1920, Ivanov moved to Baku, where he held the University Chair of Classical Philology. He concentrated on his scholarly work and completed a treatise "Dionysus and Early Dionysianism" (published 1923), which earned him a Ph.D. degree in philology. The new communist government didn't allow him to travel outside the Soviet Union until 1924.
Emigration.
From Azerbaijan he proceeded to Italy, where he settled in Rome. In Rome, Ivanov found employment as professor of Old Church Slavonic at the Russicum. Ivanov was received into the Russian Catholic Church in 1926. In an interview for the Russicum's newspaper, Ivanov argued that, prior to their Great Schism, Latin and Byzantine Christianity were "two principles that mutually complement each other." "The Church must permeate all branches of life: social issues, art, culture, and just everything," he argued, and the"Roman Church corresponds to such criteria and by joining this Church I become truly Orthodox." His last collections of verse were the "Roman Sonnets" (1924) and the "Roman Diary" (1944). Many other poems appeared posthumously. 
Ivanov died in Rome in 1949 and was interred at the Cimitero Acattolico, not far from the graves of Karl Briullov and Alexander Ivanov.

</doc>
<doc id="2902553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902553" title="15 Andromedae">
15 Andromedae

15 Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.55. Its estimated distance from the Earth is 233.47 light years.
This system has an excess emission of infrared radiation that suggests the presence of an orbiting disk of dust at a distance of around 50 AU from the host star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902557" title="63 Andromedae">
63 Andromedae

63 Andromedae or PZ Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.57.

</doc>
<doc id="2902559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902559" title="47 Andromedae">
47 Andromedae

47 Andromedae (47 And) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.60.

</doc>
<doc id="2902563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902563" title="5 Andromedae">
5 Andromedae

5 Andromedae (5 And, LTT 16793) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.68.

</doc>
<doc id="2902570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902570" title="56 Andromedae">
56 Andromedae

56 Andromedae is a double star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.69. This pair is composed of two yellow giants and is located near the open cluster NGC 752.

</doc>
<doc id="2902572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902572" title="44 Andromedae">
44 Andromedae

44 Andromedae (44 And) is a F-type main sequence star in the constellation of Andromeda. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.679.

</doc>
<doc id="2902577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902577" title="23 Andromedae">
23 Andromedae

23 Andromedae (23 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.71. 

</doc>
<doc id="2902578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902578" title="13 Andromedae">
13 Andromedae

13 Andromedae or (V388 Andromedae) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.75.

</doc>
<doc id="2902581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902581" title="List of Australian plant species authored by Ferdinand von Mueller">
List of Australian plant species authored by Ferdinand von Mueller

This is a list of Australian plant species authored by Ferdinand von Mueller, including naturalised species:

</doc>
<doc id="2902582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902582" title="12 Andromedae">
12 Andromedae

<!--

</doc>
<doc id="2902587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902587" title="Harivamsa">
Harivamsa

The Harivamsha (also Harivamsa; Sanskrit "" "the lineage of Hari (Vishnu)") is an important work of Sanskrit literature, containing 16,374 verses, mostly in "Anustubh" metre. The text is also known as the Harivamsha Purana. This text is believed to be a "khila" (appendix or supplement) to the Mahabharata and is traditionally ascribed to Veda Vyasa. The most celebrated commentary of the Mahabharata by Neelakantha Chaturdhara, the "Bharata Bhava Deepa" also covers the Harivamsha. According to Adi Parva, the Harivamsha is divided into two "parvas" or books and had 12,000 verses. The manuscripts found in 19th century in different parts of India included three books and are also known as puranas - the Harivamsha Purana, the Vishnu Purana and the Bhavishya Purana. These books are included with the eighteen Mahapuranas of the Mahabharata.
The first book of Harivamsa Parva describes the creation of the cosmos and the legendary history of the kings of the Solar and Lunar dynasties leading up to the birth of Krishna. Vishnu Parva recounts the history of Krishna up to the events prior to the Mahabharata. Bhavishya Parva, the third book, includes two alternate creation theories, hymns to Shiva and Vishnu, and provides a description of Kaliyuga. While the Harivamsha has been regarded as an important source of information on the origin of Visnu's incarnation Krishna, there has been speculation as to whether this text was derived from an earlier text and what its relationship is to the Brahma Purana, another text that deals with the origins of Krishna.
Chronology.
The bulk of the text is derived from two traditions, the ' tradition, that is, the "five marks" of the Purana corpus one of which is ' "genealogy", and stories about the life of Krishna as a herdsman.
The text is complex, containing layers that goes back to the 1st or 2nd centuries BCE. The origin of this appendix is not precisely known but it is apparent that it was a part of the Mahabharata by the 1st century CE because "the poet Ashvaghosha quotes a couple of verses, attributing them to the "Mahabharata", which are now only found in the "Harivamsa"" (Datta 1858).
Hopkins considers the latest parva of Mahabharata. Hazra has dated the Purana to the 4th century CE on the basis of the description of Rasa lila in it. According to him, the Visnu Purana and the Bhagavata Purana belong to the 5th century CE and 6th century CE respectively. According to Dikshit, the date of Matsya Purana is the 3rd century CE. When we compare the biography of Krishna, the account of Raji and some other episodes as depicted in the , it appears to be anterior to the former. Therefore the and the can be dated to at least the 3rd century CE.
By its style and contents, the appears to be anterior to the and . The verses quoted by Asvaghosa belong to this parva. On this basis, we can safely assume the (except for the later interpolations) to be at least as old as the 1st century CE.
Editions.
The is available in two editions. The vulgate text of the has total 271 s (chapters), divided into three "parva"s, (55 chapters), (81 chapters) and (135 chapters). The Critical Edition or CE (1969–71, Ed. P.L.Vaidya) is around a third (118 chapters in 6073 "slokas") of this vulgate edition. Like the vulgate, the chapters in the CE are divided into three "parva"s, (chapters 1-45), (chapters 46-113) and (chapters 114 -118). Vaidya suggests that even the CE represents an expanded text and proposes that the oldest form of probably began with chapter 20 (which is where Agni Purana 12 places its start) and must have ended with chapter 98 of his text.
Contents.
The last chapter of the text gives a brief description of the subjects narrated in it as follows:
'
† These pieces definitely appear to be interpolations into the text.
† This suggests that at some point of time this chapter used to close the text (which is what the CE does, i.e. the narrative comes to an end at this chapter).
Translations.
There have been translations of the "Harivamsa" in many Indian vernacular languages, English (Manmatha Nath Dutt, 1897), French (M. A. Langlois, Paris, 1834–35), and other languages.
Jaina Harivamsas.
There are also Jaina Harivamsas in various languages that present Jaina traditions of the Krishna story. One of the earliest of these is the (783 AD) of Jinasena. It is divided into 66 cantos and contains 12,000 slokas. The book aims to narrate the life of Arishtanemi, the twenty-second Tirthankara of the Jainas. According to the Jaina sources, Arishtanemi is the first cousin of Krishna. Therefore, Krishna’s adventures too occupy a significant portion of the book. An outline of Jinasena’s work is as follows.
The description of the dynasty of the Yadus is spread over the cantos 19-63. The 32nd canto contains the description of Balarama. The tale of the birth of Krishna begins from canto 35. The description of the youthful exploits of Krishna is similar to the Hindu lore. There follows the description of the slaying of Kansa at the festival of consecration of the bow. Then Jarasandha sends his brother and his son to attack Mathura, both of them killed by Krishna. The birth of Arishtanemi takes place in Sauryapura amidst great celebrations. Jarasandha then lays siege of Mathura resulting in the migration of Krishna and his kinsmen to Dwarka. The marriage with Rukmini and the birth and abduction of Pradyumna follows. Then the account of the Pandavas is narrated which bears significant differences from the Hindu accounts. The reunion of Krishna and Pradyumna is narrated next. The text then describes the final combat between Jarasandha and Krishna with the Kauravas acting as allies to the former while the Pandavas to the latter. The war ends with the death of Jarasandha and the deification of Krishna as Narayana. Thereafter the Pandavas retreat to south to establish Pandu Mathura (modern Madurai). This is followed by the account of the attainment of arhathood by Arishtanemi, the destruction of Dwarka by Krishna Dwaipayana’s curse, the demise of Krishna and Balarama and the ascent of the Pandavas to the heavens. The book closes with and account of the dynasty of Yadu propagated by Jaratkumara.
Although styled as a Purana, the text follows the techniques of classical Sanskrit poetry and is more a kavya than a Purana.
See also.
First book of Mahabharata: Adi Parva
Previous book of Mahabharata: Svargarohana Parva

</doc>
<doc id="2902589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902589" title="45 Andromedae">
45 Andromedae

45 Andromedae (45 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.80. It is approximately 790 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902591" title="10 Andromedae">
10 Andromedae

10 Andromedae (10 And) is a M-type giant star in the constellation of Andromeda. It has an apparent visual magnitude of approximately 5.806.

</doc>
<doc id="2902593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902593" title="6 Andromedae">
6 Andromedae

6 Andromedae (6 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.91.

</doc>
<doc id="2902596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902596" title="9 Andromedae">
9 Andromedae

9 Andromedae (9 And) or AN Andromedae (AN And) is a variable star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.98.

</doc>
<doc id="2902597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902597" title="39 Andromedae">
39 Andromedae

39 Andromedae (39 And) is a double star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 5.95.

</doc>
<doc id="2902599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902599" title="Resource construction set">
Resource construction set

The resource construction set (GEM RCS) is a GUI Builder for GEM applications. It was written by Digital Research.
RCS was widely used on the Atari ST, Atari STe, Atari TT, Atari MEGA ST, Atari MEGA STE and Atari Falcon platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="2902602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902602" title="59 Andromedae">
59 Andromedae

59 Andromedae is a binary star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 6.09.

</doc>
<doc id="2902603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902603" title="26 Andromedae">
26 Andromedae

26 Andromedae (26 And) is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 6.10.

</doc>
<doc id="2902604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902604" title="66 Andromedae">
66 Andromedae

66 Andromedae is a star in the constellation Andromeda. Its apparent magnitude is 6.16.

</doc>
<doc id="2902614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902614" title="99 Aquarii">
99 Aquarii

99 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The Bayer designation for this star is b2 Aquarii. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.37; according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale this is bright enough to be seen even from city skies under ideal viewing conditions. Based upon parallax measurements, the distance to this star is around .
This is a giant star with a stellar classification of K4 III. It is a suspected variable star that apparently ranges in magnitude between 4.35 and 4.45. The measured angular diameter of this star is . At the estimated distance of Delta Ophiuchi, this yields a physical size of about 33 times the radius of the Sun. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 3980 K, giving it the orange-hued glow of a cool, K-type star.
This star was a candidate member of the Ursa Major Moving Group based on the work of American astronomer Nancy Roman, but this membership is now in question.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2902616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902616" title="3 Aquarii">
3 Aquarii

3 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a variable star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has the Bayer designation "k Aquarii" and the variable star designation "EN Aquarii". With a mean apparent visual magnitude of 4.429, it is visible to the naked eye in dark skies. It has an annual parallax shift of 5.57 milliarcseconds with a 5% margin of error, which translates to a physical distance of around from Earth.
With a stellar classification of M3 III, this is a red giant star that has exhausted the hydrogen at its core and evolved away from the main sequence of stars like the Sun. The luminosity of this star varies over time, following multiple periods of variability. The measured angular diameter of this star, after correction for limb darkening, is . At the estimated distance of 3 Aquarii, this yields a physical size of about 108 times the radius of the Sun. The effective temperature of the outer atmosphere is 3,933 K, giving this star the cool reddish hue of an M-type star.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2902619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902619" title="86 Aquarii">
86 Aquarii

86 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is faint but visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.47. Based upon parallax measurements, the distance to this star is about .
The two components of this system have an angular separation of 0.25 arcseconds. The brighter component is a giant star with a spectral classification of G8 III and an apparent magnitude of 4.79. The effective temperature of its outer atmosphere is 4,900 K, giving it the yellowish glow of a G-type star. The fainter component is a star of magnitude 6.77.

</doc>
<doc id="2902622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902622" title="66 Aquarii">
66 Aquarii

66 Aquarii (g1 Aquarii) is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.673. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 7.53 milliarcseconds, the distance to this star is about .
This is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K3 III. It has expanded to 37 times the radius of the Sun and is radiating energy from its outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,170 K. This gives it the orange-hued glow of a K-type star. It is a suspected variable star that ranges in magnitude between 4.66 and 4.71.

</doc>
<doc id="2902624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902624" title="101 Aquarii">
101 Aquarii

101 Aquarii or b3 Aquarii (101 Aqr) is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the pair is 4.71, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye from the suburbs. The distance of this star from Earth is estimated as based upon parallax measurements.
The brighter member of this system has an apparent magnitude of 4.81. It is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A0 V. This star is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 1 km/s. The fainter companion is a magnitude 7.43 star at an angular separation of 0.840 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2902625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902625" title="89 Aquarii">
89 Aquarii

89 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The apparent visual magnitude of +4.69 is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. Its distance from Earth is roughly , based upon parallax measurements with an 11% margin of error.
The primary component of this system has a magnitude of 5.27 and a stellar classification of G3 II, which suggests this is an evolved star in the bright giant stage. The companion is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A2 V. As of 2010, it is located at an angular separation of 0.1843 arcseconds along a position angle of 135.1°. They orbit each other with an estimated period of 201 years and a semimajor axis of 0.45 arcseconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2902630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902630" title="104 Aquarii">
104 Aquarii

104 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. Based on an annual parallax shift of only , the distance to this star is about . At that range, the brightness of the star in the V-band is reduced by 0.10 magnitudes as a result of extinction caused by intervening gas and dust.
This is a double star and possible binary system. The primary component has a stellar classification of G2Ib/II, which places it on the borderline between the bright giant and lower luminosity supergiant stars. With more than four times the mass of the Sun, this is an evolved star that has reached its current stage after only 135 million years. It has expanded to around 51–88 times the Sun's radius and is radiating 447–fold the luminosity of the Sun. This energy is being emitted from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 5,478 K, giving it the golden-hued glow of a G-type star. It is a suspected variable star.
The companion is a magnitude 7.9 star with an angular separation of 120.1 arcseconds from the primary.

</doc>
<doc id="2902632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902632" title="Censorship in the Empire of Japan">
Censorship in the Empire of Japan

Meiji Period (1868–1912).
With the Meiji Restoration, the focus of state censorship of information shifted to protection of the Emperor and the fledgling Meiji government. Ideals of liberal democracy were considered dangerously subversive, and were targeted with the , which banned certain subjects (including pornography), and subjected publications to pre-publication review and approvals. Initially intended to serve as a copyright law, it was quickly adopted as a method of controlling public anti-government criticism.
With the establishment of the cabinet system of government, the Home Ministry was assigned this task, and issued a variety of regulations aimed specifically at newspapers. The growth of the Freedom and People's Rights Movement caused a reaction by conservative elements within the government to pass strict libel laws in 1875, and also a draconian that was so severe that it was labeled the “newspaper abolition law” as it empowered the Home Minister to ban or shut down offending newspapers which the government deemed offensive to public order or state security. The ordinance was further strengthened in revisions of 1887, which extended penalties to authors as well as publishers, and also restricted the import of foreign language newspapers with objectionable material.
During the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894–1895, and the Russo-Japanese War of 1904–1905, the Army Ministry also imposed separate censorship restrictions in time of war.
The censorship laws were revised again in the , which remained virtually unchanged until 1949. Newspaper regulations followed suit in the , which followed the regulations of the 1893 Publication Law and detailed punishments for offenses.
Taishō period (1912–1926).
Although the Taishō period is stereotyped as one of liberal politics, it was also a period of great social upheaval, and the government became increasingly heavy-handed in its attempts to control the spread of new political philosophies deemed dangerous to the government: especially socialism, communism, and anarchism. After the end of World War I, the Peace Preservation Law of 1925 increased police powers to prosecute promoters of socialism and of the Korean independence movement. Censorship restrictions were also expanded to cover religious groups. In 1928, the death penalty was added for certain violations, and the Special Higher Police Force (Tokkō) was created to deal with ideological offenses (i.e. thought crimes) on a national basis.
Early Shōwa Period (1926–1945).
In 1924, the Publications Monitoring Department of the Home Ministry was created with separate sections for censorship, investigation and general affairs. With the outbreak of the Second Sino-Japanese War, the Home Ministry, Army Ministry, Navy Ministry and Ministry of Foreign Affairs all held regular meetings with publishers to provide advice on how to follow the ever-stringent regulations. Penalties for violations increased in severity, and voice recordings (including radio broadcasts) also came under official purview. 
In 1936, an Information and Propaganda Committee was created within the Home Ministry, which issued all official press statements, and which worked together with the Publications Monitoring Department on censorship issues. The activities of this committee, a consortium of military, politicians and professionals upgraded to a "division" ("Naikaku jōhōbu") in September 1937, were proscriptive as well as prescriptive. Besides applying censorship to all medias of the Shōwa regime and issuing detailed guidelines to publishers, it made suggestions that were all but commands. From 1938, printed medias «would come to realize that their survival depended upon taking cues from the Cabinet Information Bureau and its flagship publication, "Shashin shūhō", designers of the "look" of the soldier, and the "look" of the war.»
Article 12 of the censorship guideline for newspapers issued on September 1937 stated that any news article or photograph "unfavorable" to the Imperial Army was subject to a gag. Article 14 prohibited any "photographs of atrocities" but endorsed reports about the "cruelty of the Chinese" soldiers and civilians. 
Giving the example of the Nanjing massacre, Tokushi Kasahara of Tsuru University asserts, "Some deniers argue that Nanjing was much more peaceful than we generally think. They always show some photographs with Nanjing refugees selling some food in the streets or Chinese people smiling in the camps. They are forgetting about Japanese propaganda. The Imperial Army imposed strict censorship. Any photographs with dead bodies couldn't get through. So photographers had to remove all the bodies before taking pictures of streets and buildings in the city (...) Even if the photos were not staged, the refugees had no choice but to fawn on the Japanese soldiers. Acting otherwise meant their deaths..." 
One of the most famous examples of censorship is related to "Mugi to heitai" (Wheat and soldiers), Ashihei Hino's wartime bestseller. A paragraph in which the author described the beheading of three Chinese soldiers was cut from the final section of the book despite the author's dedication to the war effort. 
The only Japanese who could get hold of uncensored news of the Nanjing massacre, or any Japanese atrocity for that matter, were Japanese outside of Japan. Edgar Snow, an American reporter in China, reported of a few Japanese in Shanghai deeply feeling the shame and the humiliation. A liberal-minded Japanese friend of his, who worked in the newspapers, was forced to keep his views to himself to survive, and who Edgar named anonymous for his protection, said when he heard the atrocities "The facts are actually worse than any story yet published." Edgar's friend then started to cry.
In 1940, the was elevated to the , which consolidated the previously separate information departments from the Army, Navy and Foreign Ministry under the aegis of the Home Ministry. The new Jōhōkyoku had complete control over all news, advertising and public events. It was headed by a president ("sōsai") responsible directly to the Prime minister with a staff of about 600 people including military officers and officials from the Home and Foreign ministries. In February 1941 it distributed among editors a black list of writers whose articles they were advised not to print anymore. 
The officials spokesmen of the "Naikaku Johōkyoku", such as the vice-president Hideo Okumura, Major-General Nakao Nahagi and Captain Hideo Hiraide, became themselves the most popular commentators. These men addressed press conferences, spoke on the radio and wrote in newspapers. 
The "Naikaku Johōkyoku" however dealt only with civilian matters. War bulletins were the domain of the "Daihonei hōdōbu", the Press Department of the Imperial General Headquarters which was made up of the press sections of the Army and the Navy. The "Daihonei hōdōbu" deployed its own war correspondents and occasionally drafted civilian reporters for coverage.
The 1941 revision of the eliminated freedom of the press completely. All mail was also subject to scrutiny. In February 1942, all newspapers were ordered to merge, or to cease publication. The Japan Publishers League ("Nihon shimbun remmei"), reorganized in the Japan Publishers Association ("Nihon shimbunkai") agreed to cooperate with the government by conducting internal monitoring of its members by a self-screening of drafts, manuscripts and proofs before final submission to the official government censors. As the war situation deteriorated, the government took over the distribution of paper, releasing supplies only for matter related to official policy. By 1944, only 34 magazines were left in publication, and by 1945, only one newspaper was permitted per prefecture.
Occupation of Japan.
After the surrender of Japan in 1945, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers abolished all forms of censorship and controls on Freedom of Speech, which was also integrated into Article 21 of the 1947 Constitution of Japan. However, press censorship remained a reality in the post-war era, especially in matters of pornography, and in political matters deemed subversive by the American government during the occupation of Japan.
According to David M. Rosenfeld: 

</doc>
<doc id="2902634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902634" title="25 Aquarii">
25 Aquarii

25 Aquarii is the modern Flamsteed designation for a single star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. In the past it held the designation 6 Pegasi and it is located near the border with the modern Pegasus constellation. Although faint at an apparent visual magnitude of +5.09, it is bright enough to be viewed from suburban skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 0.01440 arcseconds, it is located at a distance of around from Earth. The visual magnitude of the star is diminished by 0.09 from extinction caused by intervening gas and dust.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of K0 III, with the luminosity class of III indicating that this is a giant star that has evolved away from the main sequence after exhausting the supply of hydrogen at its core. It belongs to a population known as clump giants and hence is generating energy through the nuclear fusion of helium at the core. The outer envelope has expanded to 11 times the radius of the Sun and it is radiating 54 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being emitted from the stellar atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,721 K, causing it to glow with the orange hue of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902638" title="47 Aquarii">
47 Aquarii

47 Aquarii (47 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.12.

</doc>
<doc id="2902640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902640" title="Battle of Santa Cruz (1899)">
Battle of Santa Cruz (1899)

"For the WWII battle of the same name see: Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands"
This Battle of Santa Cruz was a battle fought in the early stages of the Philippine-American War during General Henry W. Lawton's .
Background.
After defeating the Filipino nationalists at the second battle of Manila, General Elwell S. Otis, commander of the US VIII Corps, sent the 1st Division under Arthur MacArthur to the north to threaten the Filipino capitol at Malolos. At the same time, the 2nd Division under Henry W. Lawton was sent south into the Laguna province, to the Filipino stronghold located in the town of Santa Cruz.
Landings.
On April 8, 1899, Lawton's division boarded a small fleet of "cascos" escorted by the gunboats "Oeste" and "Napindan", on the Pasig River east of Manila and sailed towards Laguna de Bay. The flotilla did not reach the opposite shore of the lake until early afternoon the next day, because the pilots were unfamiliar with the river and frequently grounded the boats. At 10:30 a.m. on April 9, landing craft began offloading Lawton's troops south of the stronghold of Santa Cruz. Ashore in the afternoon of April 9, the troops set out for Santa Cruz in a long skirmish line, advancing through driving rain. At 5:45 p.m., the right flank, consisting of the 1st Idaho and 14th Infantry, encountered a defense complex of entrenchments and bamboo obstructions, through which they advanced slowly against resistance, until darkness fell, when the troops camped in the fields.
Advance on Santa Cruz.
Early on April 10, General Lawton personally went ashore with the 4th Cavalry north of town. They advanced along the main road leading into the town. The road was lightly guarded until the approach to a bridge just outside of the town, which was heavily guarded by the Filipinos. Lawton ordered a charge and a regular battalion supported by Idaho and Washington volunteers routed the local force. That same day, Lawton took control of Santa Cruz as the local units withdrew to Pagsanjan.
While Gen. Lawton consolidated his forces in Santa Cruz, he planned to push on to Pagsanjan where he figured the Filipinos had retreated. After capturing Pagsanjan on April 11, he again defeated the Filipinos in a stiff engagement at the Battle of Paete.
Withdrawal.
On April 16, Lawton's forces reboarded their transport ships to return to Manila, noticing enemy soldiers entering the town as they left.
Results and aftermath.
Overall, the results of the Santa Cruz expedition amounted to the capture of six launches and the deaths of some 125 Filipino soldiers. After the expedition, Aguinaldo ordered forces an Cavite, Batangas, and Laguna to concentrate at Muntinlupa, tying up manpower south of Manila which might otherwise have gone north. The expedition demonstrated that towns on Laguna de Bay were vulnerable to raiders, forcing local officials to keep their military forces close to home in case of defensive need.

</doc>
<doc id="2902641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902641" title="1 Aquarii">
1 Aquarii

1 Aquarii, also known as 1 Aqr, is a multiple star in the constellation Aquarius.
1 Aqr A is a K-class giant of the spectral type K1III. Its companions, B and C, are optical and have no physical relation to 1 Aqr A.
1 Aquarii is known to be an infra-red source.

</doc>
<doc id="2902642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902642" title="108 Aquarii">
108 Aquarii

108 Aquarii (ET Aquarii or i3 Aquarii) is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.194 and can be seen with the naked eye under suitably dark skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 10.23 (with a 3% margin of error), the distance to this star is .
This is an Ap star; meaning it has a peculiar spectrum that shows an overabundance of certain elements. It has more than three times the mass of the Sun and is 2.5 times the Sun's radius. 108 Aquarii is radiating 132 times the luminosity of the Sun from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 12,274 K. At this heat, the star has the white hue of an A-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902644" title="97 Aquarii">
97 Aquarii

97 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the system is 5.20; the brighter star is magnitude 5.59 while the companion is magnitude 6.72. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 15.30 milliarcseconds, this system is at a distance of around from Earth.
The two stars in this system orbit each other over a period of 64.62 years at an eccentricity of 0.14. Both are A-type main sequence stars; the primary has a stellar classification of A2 V while its companion is A7 V. Their composite spectrum shows the properties of a Lambda Boötis star, which means it displays peculiar abundances of certain elements.

</doc>
<doc id="2902645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902645" title="Chabot College">
Chabot College

Chabot College is a community college located in Hayward, California.
History.
Chabot College was the first college opened by the Chabot-Las Positas Community College District. The formation of a “junior college district” was approved by the voters on January 10, 1961, and the first board of trustees elected on April 18, 1961. Chabot College opened for classes on September 11, 1961, on a temporary site in San Leandro with an enrollment of 1,163 students. The Chabot College site on Hesperian Boulevard in Hayward opened for its first day of classes on September 20, 1965. 
The college primarily serves residents of Alameda County in the East Bay area, including the district communities of Hayward, Castro Valley, San Leandro, San Lorenzo and Union City. In 1987 the Chabot College ultimate disc team won the intercollegiate national championship.
The school is named for noted Bay Area entrepreneur Anthony Chabot.
Organization and administration.
The president is Dr. Susan Sperling.
Academic profile.
Chabot offers a curriculum of over 175 majors of study, Chabot is on a semester system.
The college features six academic divisions: Applied Technology and Business, Language Arts, Math and Sciences, Physical Education and Health, the College of the Arts, and Social Sciences.
Campus Enrollment.
Chabot has an enrollment of over 14,848 students.
Accreditation.
Chabot College is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. Chabot College is also accredited by the Council on Dental Education, American Dental Association, the Committee on Allied Health Education and Accreditation in collaboration with the American Hospital Health Information, Management Association and the America Medical Assisting Association. The program in nursing is accredited by the California Board of Registered Nursing. The college is approved by the California State Department of Education and is a member of the American Association of Community and Junior Colleges and the Community College League of California.
Educational paths.
Chabot provides the following academic pathways:
Student life.
Radio station KCRH.
KCRH is an 18 watt radio station operated by the mass communications class at Chabot.
Television station KCTH 27.
Chabot College's Television Studio was established when the College first opened in 1964. It was the first West Coast College Television Station with 5 On Campus Channels that allowed instructors to receive 5 independent cable TV feeds of programming from the studio. Lately, it became the Community Media Center for the East bay by taking over Public-access television channels from Comcast due to the DIVCA (Digital Infrastructure Video Communications Act). Which makes the Studio available to the communities as well as for Educational-access television use. Local business and Individuals can now use the Leased access High Definition Studios, with access to over 100,000 viewers and on line streaming as well as AT&T-U-viewers. Currently the Station runs KCTH 27 the Educational-access television channel, KCMC 28 and 29, also Channel 99 under Hayward on AT&T U-verse. It is growing in programming and equipment.
Sport.
The Bay Area Ambassadors soccer team has played at the Gladiator Stadium since 2009.
Noted people.
Alumni.
Doug Padilla, USA Olympic distance runner

</doc>
<doc id="2902648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902648" title="94 Aquarii">
94 Aquarii

94 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a triple star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The brightest member has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.19, making it visible to the naked eye. An annual parallax shift of 47.35 milliarcseconds yields a distance estimate of around from Earth.
The inner pair of this triple star system form a spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 2323.6 days (6.36 years), a low orbital eccentricity of 0.08, and a combined visual magnitude of 5.19. The primary component of this pair has a stellar classification of G8.5 IV, with the luminosity class of IV indicating this is a subgiant star. At an angular separation of 13.0 arcseconds from this pair is a magnitude 7.52 K-type main sequence star with a classification of K2 V.

</doc>
<doc id="2902651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902651" title="California State Route 135">
California State Route 135

State Route 135 is a state highway in the U.S. state of California, entirely within Santa Barbara County, and is basically a bypass of U.S. Route 101 in northern Santa Barbara County between the town of Los Alamos and the city of Santa Maria. 
Route description.
SR 135 starts off as Bell Street in Los Alamos and goes along with Vandenberg Road after an intersection with Harris Grade Road before merging with State Route 1 south of Orcutt. There is a brief freeway portion at the northern split of SR 135 and SR 1, but it quickly reverts to a city street upon crossing Clark Avenue. North of Santa Maria Way, it is considered Business US 101, although signage is poor. SR 135 continues its northbound journey as Broadway and passes through the Santa Maria Town Center shopping center at the intersection with Main Street (State Route 166). SR 135 meets US 101 again just before crossing the Santa Maria River at the Santa Barbara/San Luis Obispo county line.
History.
State Route 135 is the original routing for US 101 from Santa Maria to Los Alamos until the current alignment was completed in 1933. But instead of turning east just before old town Orcutt and then north into Santa Maria as it does currently, it continued north along what is now Graciosa road and then Marcum Street linking up with E. Clark Avenue just north of the Orcutt water tower. It then followed Clark Avenue east through old Orcutt and turned north on Orcutt Road at the location of the current Highway 135/Clark Avenue interchange and headed north through Santa Maria. 
Route 135 was created in 1964 to encompass most of the old routing. 

</doc>
<doc id="2902653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902653" title="106 Aquarii">
106 Aquarii

106 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of +5.2, making it bright enough to be viewed from the suburbs according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale. An annual parallax shift of 8.61 milliarcseconds yields an estimated distance of around from Earth.
The spectrum of this star fits a stellar classification of B9 V, indicating this is a B-type main sequence star. It is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 370 km/s. X-ray emission with a luminosity of has been detected from this star. This is unusual since a B-type star normally does not have any significant X-ray emission. Instead, it may have an undetected lower mass companion.

</doc>
<doc id="2902655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902655" title="68 Aquarii">
68 Aquarii

68 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.24.
68 Aquarii is a high proper-motion star. It is designated as "HD 215721" in the Henry Draper Catalogue.

</doc>
<doc id="2902658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902658" title="107 Aquarii">
107 Aquarii

107 Aquarii ( i2 Aquarii) is the Flamsteed designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The pair have an angular separation of 6.787 arcseconds. They have a combined apparent visual magnitude of +5.305, with individual magnitudes of 5.72 and 6.72. The annual parallax shift is 13.66 milliarcseconds with an 8% margin of error. This indicates the system is at a distance of around from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902659" title="Donald Watson">
Donald Watson

Donald Watson (2 September 1910 – 16 November 2005) was an English animal rights advocate who coined the word vegan and founded the Vegan Society.
Early life.
Watson was born in Mexborough, Yorkshire, the son of a headmaster in a mining community, an environment in which vegetarianism, let alone veganism, was unknown. His parents, however, encouraged and supported their three children in determining their own paths in life, a liberal approach which enabled him to formulate ideas both challenging and controversial. Watson held his parents in great esteem, and often expressed his gratitude for their wisdom in accepting, if not understanding, his philosophy.
His journey to veganism began when he was very young, at the farm of his Uncle George. There, he said:
He realised what purpose the pigs served when he saw one slaughtered, and his life was changed. He became a vegetarian at the age of fourteen, as a New Year resolution, although he did not know any others.
Teaching.
On leaving school at fifteen, Watson was apprenticed to a family joinery firm, and from the age of twenty became a joinery teacher. He taught in Leicester, where he also played a large part in the Leicester Vegetarian Society. He moved on to Keswick, where he taught for twenty-three years. He continued to live there after retirement, working with the Cumbrian Vegetarian Society, and campaigning through the local press on matters important in his home community. For several years he devoted much time to working as a guided fell-walking leader, as well as to organic vegetable gardening, until very shortly before his death, aged 95.
Veganism and The Vegan Society.
As Watson grew up, he did not smoke, consume alcohol, or make contact with foods or substances which he regarded as 'toxins'. In the 1940s, after learning about milk production, he became a vegan. He explained his motivation as ethical concern for sentient animals:
In November 1944 in Leicester, he and his wife, Dorothy, and four friends founded the Vegan Society. Someone in the group would have come up with a word to describe their way of life, he believed, but he suggested 'vegan' - "the beginning and end of 'vegetarian'" - "because veganism starts with vegetarianism and carries it through to its logical conclusion." Watson and the group launched the first edition of the Society's quarterly newsletter, "The Vegan News", in the same year. He ran the publication single-handed for two years, writing and duplicating the newsletter, and responding to the increasing volume of correspondence.
Watson expanded his philosophy to object to any harm to living creatures. A committed pacifist throughout his life, Watson registered as a conscientious objector in World War II.
Personal life.
Watson enjoyed cycling, photography and playing the violin, and while not a party political supporter, he took a keen interest in political issues throughout his life. Watson was an agnostic.
Watson never sought any recognition for his early work in founding the Vegan Society. He was able to surprise his many critics who claimed that he could not survive on his proposed diet by proving that he would not only survive but survive well and free from the need for doctors’ interventions in his final days.

</doc>
<doc id="2902665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902665" title="32 Aquarii">
32 Aquarii

32 Aquarii (32 Aqr) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.29.

</doc>
<doc id="2902668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902668" title="41 Aquarii">
41 Aquarii

41 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.354 and is located at a distance of around from Earth. The brighter component is a red clump giant star with a stellar classification of K0 III and a magnitude of 5.73. At an angular separation of 5.148 arcseconds, the fainter companion is an F-type main sequence star with a magnitude 7.16 and a classification of F8 V.

</doc>
<doc id="2902671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902671" title="42 Aquarii">
42 Aquarii

astrometry data, October 2007)
42 Aquarii (42 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.34.

</doc>
<doc id="2902675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902675" title="103 Aquarii">
103 Aquarii

103 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is faint but visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.34. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 4.31 milliarcseconds, the distance to this star is around . This is classified as an evolved K-type giant star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902677" title="HGTV (Canada)">
HGTV (Canada)

HGTV (which stands for "Home & Garden Television") is a Canadian English language Category A specialty channel owned and operated by Shaw Media and Scripps Networks Interactive. HGTV broadcasts programs regarding real estate and home and garden design and renovations.
HGTV broadcasts both original Canadian content productions and licensed content from other broadcasters. The majority of licensed content is sourced from its American counterpart, HGTV; however, other programming sources include DIY Network and the BBC.
History.
In September 1996, Your Channel Television Inc., a company majority owned by Atlantis Communications with minority partner E. W. Scripps Company, was granted a television broadcasting licence by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) for a channel called "HGTV-TV Canada", described at the time as broadcasting "programming that presents practical, hands-on advice and instruction about homes and gardens. The programming will revolve around five key themes: building and remodelling, decorating and interior design, gardening and landscaping, crafts and hobbies and special interests."
The channel was launched as HGTV on October 17, 1997.
In June 1998, Atlantis Communications announced that it planned to merge with Alliance Communications, another fellow television and film producer and broadcaster, owners of History Television and Showcase at the time, to form a new company called Alliance Atlantis Communications. The CRTC approved the merger in May 1999.
On January 18, 2008, a joint venture between Canwest and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners known as CW Media acquired control of HGTV through its purchase of Alliance Atlantis' broadcasting assets, which were placed in a trust in August 2007. 
On October 27, 2010, ownership changed again as Shaw Communications gained control of HGTV as a result of its acquisition of Canwest and Goldman Sachs' interest in CW Media.
On July 23, 2012, HGTV introduced a new logo similar to the one used by its American counterpart since 2010.
HGTV HD.
On January 31, 2011, HGTV launched a high definition feed called HGTV HD simulcasting the standard definition feed. The channel broadcasts in 1080i picture format.
Notable series.
Past or present series which were produced partly or wholly by HGTV Canada are listed here; a more complete list, including imported programming, is available at List of programs broadcast by HGTV (Canada).

</doc>
<doc id="2902681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902681" title="38 Aquarii">
38 Aquarii

38 Aquarii (e Aquarii, e Aqr, 38 Aqr) is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is a faint star but visible to the naked eye, with an apparent visual magnitude of +5.43. The distance to this star, based upon parallax measurements, is around .
The spectrum of 38 Aquarii matches a stellar classification of B5 III. A luminosity class of III indicates that this is an evolved giant star. It has 5.6 times the radius of the Sun and is spinning with a projected rotational velocity of 20 km/s. The outer atmosphere of the star has a blue-white glow from an effective temperature of 13,860 K.

</doc>
<doc id="2902684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902684" title="83 Aquarii">
83 Aquarii

83 Aquarii (h Aquarii) is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The combined apparent visual magnitude of the pair is 5.43, which is faintly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 15.57 milliarcseconds, it is located at a distance of around from Earth.
Both stars are F-type main sequence stars. The first component has an apparent magnitude of 6.20; the second is magnitude 6.34. They are orbiting each other with a period of 21.84 years with an eccentricity of 0.388.

</doc>
<doc id="2902687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902687" title="18 Aquarii">
18 Aquarii

18 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.49 and it is from Earth. This is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F0 V.

</doc>
<doc id="2902690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902690" title="21 Aquarii">
21 Aquarii

21 Aquarii (21 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.48.

</doc>
<doc id="2902691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902691" title="John Marshall High School (Leon Valley, Texas)">
John Marshall High School (Leon Valley, Texas)

John Marshall High School (commonly Marshall, Marshall High, or JMHS) is a free public secondary school in the San Antonio suburb of Leon Valley in northwest Bexar County. The school serves students in grades 9-12. The school is part of the Northside Independent School District, with admission based primarily on the locations of students' homes. The campus serves most of the city of Leon Valley and large portions of northwest San Antonio. Marshall was named a National Blue Ribbon School in 1992-93.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
The oldest high school in the Northside Independent School District, the school was known as Northside High School from 1949 until 1960, when it was renamed "John Marshall High School" (starting the trend among Northside high schools, all of which are named after U.S. Supreme Court Justices).
The school was once particularly known for its vocal music department, which has made sweepstakes in UIL for the past few decades.
Vocal music isn't the only outstanding fine arts program at Marshall. The Ram Band too has been consistent sweepstakes winners. In 1976 the band set a world's record for continuous concert, performing 52 hours and 3 minutes in Wonderland Mall (now known as Crossroads Mall). That same year, the band became the first band from the state of Texas in 20 years to be invited to march in the 1977 Tournament of Roses Parade. The Ram Band also appeared in the 1977 feature film "Rolling Thunder". The first and second band directors at Marshall have had Northside Schools named for them; Mr Bob Lewis, band director from 1957 to 1975 and Mr. Charles Kuentz Jr., band director from 1975 into the 1980s.
Namesake, mascot and school colors.
The school is named in honor of the fourth Supreme Court Chief Justice of the United States, John Marshall. The school mascot is the Ram, which was picked by students in 1950 and was based on the then-NFL Los Angeles Rams mascot. The school colors are maroon and white.
Attendance zone changes through the years.
Because it's the oldest and the original high school for the Northside ISD, its original huge attendance zones have been split through the years to form many of the current high schools including Holmes H.S. to the south in the early 1960s. Jay H.S. a few years later although part of its area was also formed from the fairly new Holmes H.S. zones. In 1978, Marshall was split again with the creation of Clark H.S. to the east and then yet again in 1985 when Taft H.S. was opened further west. Recently, the Marshall attendance zone was split off when the Helotes and north Loop 1604 areas were switched to the new O'Connor High in 1998. The latest attendance zone change was in 2008 for the new Brandeis High School. Though its attendance zones are much smaller than they ever were, Marshall H.S. still posts high academic scores and is still competitive in sports with the varsity football team winning the District Title for the 06-07 school year. The new Brandeis H.S., which opened in 2008, is mostly made up of large areas of the former Clark and O'Connor attendance zones with a smaller area of Marshall's zone. Marshall's attendance zone has been realigned to include many former Clark H.S. neighborhoods (some older areas that were initially zoned to Marshall High years ago) around the South Texas Medical Center, Prue Road, Fredericksburg Road and areas near the Wurzbach and I-10 intersection. Former O'Connor H.S. neighborhoods on Bandera Road have also been rezoned back to Marshall H.S. due to realignment of the other H.S. boundaries to accommodate record growth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902694" title="7 Aquarii">
7 Aquarii

7 Aquarii is a variable star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.49.

</doc>
<doc id="2902695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902695" title="39 Arietis">
39 Arietis

39 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +4.5. The distance to this star, as determined from an annual parallax shift of 19.01 mas, is approximately .
This is a giant star with a stellar classification of K1.5 III. It is currently at an evolutionary stage known as a red clump, indicating that it is generating energy through the fusion of helium at its core. 39 Arietis has 1.6 times the mass of the Sun, but its outer envelope has expanded to around 11 times the Sun's radius. It shines with 56 times the luminosity of the Sun. This energy is being radiated into outer space from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,603 K, giving it the cool orange-hued glow of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902696" title="Chuck Graham">
Chuck Graham

Chuck Graham (born February 24, 1965) is a Democratic politician who formerly represented the 19th Senate District in the Missouri General Assembly, which includes the city of Columbia, Missouri, where he lives. He graduated from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1987 with a B.S. in journalism.
He was first elected to the Missouri House of Representatives in 1996, and served there through 2002. He was first elected to the Missouri State Senate in 2004, and served as the party's Assistant Minority Floor Leader. He had been mentioned as a possible candidate in the 2006 U.S. Senate Election, but dropped out in support of then State Auditor and present Senator Claire McCaskill.
He served on the following committees:
In 1998, Graham proposed a bill which would have permitted death row prisoners awaiting execution to donate organs (kidneys or bone marrow) in exchange for a commutation of their death sentence. He is a strong supporter of stem-cell research.
On October 20, 2007, Graham was arrested by Columbia Police on suspicion of driving while intoxicated after rear-ending a vehicle near his home in Southwest Columbia. His license was subsequently suspended. On January 10, 2008, his license was reinstated and he is free to drive again after one month, despite the state mandated period of suspension for refusing the chemical blood alcohol test being one year.
Graham is a paraplegic following an automobile accident at age 16. He received national attention during a 2008 televised campaign rally in Columbia. Vice Presidential nominee Joe Biden asked him to stand up, apparently unaware of his paralysis.
On November 4, 2008, Graham lost his seat after being defeated in the general election by Republican Kurt Schaefer. He announced that he has no plans to run for office in the near future.
Current legislation.
Chuck Graham's current legislation can be found here.

</doc>
<doc id="2902700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902700" title="12 Aquarii">
12 Aquarii

12 Aquarii is a double star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.53 and absolute magnitude is 7.4, making it less bright than our sun comparatively. 12 Aquarii is a yellow sub-giant that is slightly larger and heavier than our sun.

</doc>
<doc id="2902701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902701" title="35 Arietis">
35 Arietis

35 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is approximately distant from the Earth, based upon an annual parallax shift of 9.51 mas. This star is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.64.
This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system, with the presence of a companion being demonstrated by shifts in the spectrum of the primary component. The pair orbit each other with a period of 490.0 days and an eccentricity of 0.14. The primary is a B-type main-sequence star with a stellar classification of B3 V. With a mass around 5.7 times that of the Sun, it is radiating 870 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being emitted from the outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 17,520 K, causing it to shine with the blue-white hue of a B-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902704" title="49 Aquarii">
49 Aquarii

49 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.53.

</doc>
<doc id="2902706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902706" title="14 Arietis">
14 Arietis

14 Arietis is a star in the constellation Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.98, which means it is visible to the naked eye. Based upon a measured annual parallax shift of 11.30 mas, is it located at a distance of approximately , give or take a 30 light-year margin of error.
This is an astrometric binary system. The primary has a stellar classification of F2 III, suggesting that it is a giant star. Despite being an evolved star with four times the radius of the Sun, it is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 139.6 km/s. This is causing a pronounced equatorial bulge, with the radius of the star along the equator being 24% greater than the radius at the poles. The star shines at 32 times the luminosity of the Sun, with this energy being radiated from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 6,761 K. This heat gives it the yellow-white hued glow of an F-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902707" title="77 Aquarii">
77 Aquarii

77 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.55 and is around from Earth. This is a giant star with a stellar classification of K1 III. It has six times the radius of the Sun and shines with 13.5 times the Sun's luminosity. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 4,581 K, giving it the orange-hued glow of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902710" title="38 Arietis">
38 Arietis

38 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It was once designated 88 Ceti, forming part of the neighboring constellation of Cetus. With an apparent visual magnitude of +5.18, it is bright enough to be viewed with the naked eye. The measured annual parallax shift of 27.52 mas is equivalent to a distance of approximately from Earth.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of A7 III-IV, with the luminosity class of III-IV indicating it shows traits part way between the subgiant and giant star stages of its evolution. It is a Delta Scuti variable with a period of 0.0355 days (51 minutes) and a magnitude change of 0.040. This star is larger than the Sun, with more than double the Sun's radius and 11 times the luminosity. This energy is being radiated into outer space from the atmosphere at an effective temperature of 7,638 K, giving it the white-hued glow of an A-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902711" title="Saudi Press Agency">
Saudi Press Agency

The Saudi Press Agency (SPA) is the official news agency of Saudi Arabia.
History and profile.
The agency was established in 1970 as the first national news agency. The agency is also the first news agency in the Gulf region. The main goal of its establishment was to serve as a central body to collect and distribute local and international news in Saudi Arabia and abroad. 
The SPA is under the responsibility of the ministry of culture and information and therefore, its president directly reports to the
minister. The SAP provides the newspapers with a guideline, the editorial line, which should be followed in their reports. The Agency publishes news in both Arabic and English. The SPA has offices in Bonn, Cairo, London, Tunis and Washington, DC.
In late May 2012, the Saudi Council of Ministers made a decision to separate Saudi Television and Radio and Saudi Press Agency (SPA), making both as two independent corporations. 
Under the May 2012 restructuring, the SPA covers events and issues at national, regional and international levels, especially those related to the Kingdom and contribute to strengthening the journalistic profession in the country. The new arrangement also involves the transformation of the SPA into a Presidency. The president is Abdullah bin Fahd Al Hussein. The minister of culture and information acts as the board chairman of the agency.
In November 2013, the SPA signed a news exchange agreement with Anatolia News Agency, official news agency of Turkey.
Activities.
The agency organized the fourth News Agencies World Congress (NAWC) in Riyadh in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="2902713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902713" title="33 Arietis">
33 Arietis

33 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. The combined apparent magnitude of 5.33 is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 14.09 mas, the distance to this system is approximately .
The primary component is an A-type main sequence star with a magnitude of 5.40 and a stellar classification of A3 V. It has a magnitude 8.40 companion at an angular separation of 28.6 arcseconds. An excess of infrared emission suggests the presence of circumstellar dust in this system. In the 24μm band, this debris disk has a mean temperature of 815 K, which puts it at a radius of 0.85 astronomical units (AU) from the primary star. Excess emission appears in the 70μm band, which has a temperature of 103 K and a radius out to 42 AU.

</doc>
<doc id="2902716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902716" title="5 Aquarii">
5 Aquarii

5 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.55. It is roughly 650 light years from Earth

</doc>
<doc id="2902719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902719" title="53 Aquarii">
53 Aquarii

53 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star
This is a wide binary star system with a projected separation of 100 astronomical units; indicating that the two stars are at least this distance apart. The primary component is a solar-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of G1 V. It has about 99% of the Sun's mass, 111% of the Sun's radius, and shines with 139% of the luminosity of the Sun. This energy is being emitted from an outer envelope at an effective temperature of 5,922 K, giving it the golden hue of a G-type star. An examination of the primary component with the Spitzer space telescope failed to detect any infrared excess that might otherwise be an indication of a circumstellar debris disk.
The companion is a slightly cooler star with an effective temperature of 5,811 K. It has a stellar classification of G5 V Fe–0.8 CH–1, indicating it is a chemically peculiar G-type main sequence star showing an under-abundance of iron and the molecule CH in its spectrum. As of 2008, it has an angular separation of 1.325 arcseconds along a position angle of 30.9° from the primary.
This system is coeval with the Castor Moving Group of stars that share a common motion through space; hence it is a candidate member of that association. This suggests that the system is young; its estimated age is in the range of 180 to 370 million years, based upon the spectrum and X-ray luminosity, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="2902721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902721" title="52 Arietis">
52 Arietis

52 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a triple star system in the northern constellation of Aries. The combined apparent magnitude is +5.46, which is bright enough to be faintly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.05 mas, the system is roughly distant from the Earth. The inner pair of this system consist of two nearly identical B-type main sequence stars, each with about five times the mass of the Sun. The tertiary component is a smaller star with 88% of the Sun's mass.

</doc>
<doc id="2902722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902722" title="30 Aquarii">
30 Aquarii

30 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.55.

</doc>
<doc id="2902726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902726" title="96 Aquarii">
96 Aquarii

96 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.56.

</doc>
<doc id="2902727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902727" title="64 Arietis">
64 Arietis

64 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of +5.67. This is a giant star with a stellar classification of K4 III. It has 11 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 42 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being radiated from the outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,426 K, giving it the orange-hued glow of a K-type star. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 15.68 mas, this star is approximately distant from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902729" title="26 Aquarii">
26 Aquarii

26 Aquarii (26 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.66.

</doc>
<doc id="2902730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902730" title="Musu">
Musu

MUSU may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2902732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902732" title="19 Aquarii">
19 Aquarii

19 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.71. It is a yellow-white subgiant (F0IV). It is approximately 445 light years from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902733" title="44 Aquarii">
44 Aquarii

44 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.75 and is around from Earth. A stellar classification of G6 III indicates this is an evolved giant star. It has about 2.53 times the mass of the Sun and is radiation 62 times the Sun's luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 5,025 K. At this heat, the star has the golden-hued glow of a G-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902739" title="Live Cream Volume II">
Live Cream Volume II

Live Cream Volume II is the second live compilation album by the English rock band Cream, released in March 1972 by Polydor Records (Atco Records in the US). This album contains six tracks recorded at various performances from 9 March to 4 October 1968.
Reception.
Matthew Greenwald & and Bruce Eder of Allmusic stated that "Volume 2" had more songs on it than its predecessor, including two songs whose album versions were released as singles. They also commented on how the sound quality was some of the best at the time. They did not like, however, that there were not as many extended jams than the predecessor and that Jack Bruce and Eric Clapton's singing is not good on "White Room" and "Sunshine of Your Love." They think that the live version of "Deserted Cities of the Heart" is better than the studio version. They also think that the 1998 remastered version is better than the versions before.
Track listing.
"Track 5 recorded 9 March 1968 at the Winterland, San Francisco."
"Tracks 4 & 6 recorded 10 March 1968 at the Winterland, San Francisco."
"Tracks 1, 2 & 3 recorded 4 October 1968 at the Oakland Coliseum Arena, Oakland."
Personnel.
"Per liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="2902740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902740" title="Indefinite pronoun">
Indefinite pronoun

An indefinite pronoun is a pronoun that refers to one or more unspecified beings, objects, or places.
List of English indefinite pronouns.
Note that many of these words can function as other parts of speech too, depending on context. For example, in "many disagree with his views" the word "many" functions as an indefinite pronoun, while in "many people disagree with his views" it functions as a quantifier (a type of determiner) that qualifies the noun "people". Example sentences in which the word functions as an indefinite pronoun are given.
Most indefinite pronouns are either singular or plural. However, some of them can be singular in one context and plural in another. The most common indefinite pronouns are listed below, with examples, as singular, plural or singular/plural.
Notice that a singular pronoun takes a singular verb AND that any personal pronoun should also agree (in number and gender). Look at these examples:
Each of the players has a doctor.
I met two girls. One has given me her phone number.
Similarly, plural pronouns need plural agreement:
Many have expressed their views.
Table of indefinite pronouns.
 *The elective existential pronouns are often used with negatives ("I can't see anyone"), and in questions ("Is anyone coming?").
List of quantifier pronouns.
English has the following quantifier pronouns:
Some people say that "none" should always take a singular verb, even when talking about countable nouns (e.g. five friends). They argue that "none" means "no one", and "one" is obviously singular. They say that "I invited five friends but none has come" is correct and "I invited five friends but none have come" is incorrect. Historically and grammatically there is little to support this view. "None" has been used for hundreds of years with both a singular and a plural verb, according to the context and the emphasis required.
Possessive forms.
Some of the English indefinite pronouns above have possessive forms. These are made as for nouns, by adding " 's", or just an apostrophe following a plural "-s" (see English possessive).
The most commonly encountered possessive forms of the above pronouns are:
Note that most of these forms are identical to a form representing the pronoun plus "-'s" as a contraction of "is" or "has". Hence "someone's" may also mean "someone is" or "someone has", as well as serving as a possessive.
Compound indefinite pronouns.
Two indefinite pronouns can sometimes be used in combination together. 
And they can also be made possessive by adding an apostrophe and "s".

</doc>
<doc id="2902741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902741" title="50 Aquarii">
50 Aquarii

50 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.76.

</doc>
<doc id="2902744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902744" title="19 Arietis">
19 Arietis

19 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.70, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.81 mas, it is approximately away from Earth. At that distance, the brightness of the star is diminished by 0.21 in magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
This is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M0 III. It is a semi-regular variable with periods of 32 and 275 days; the brightness of the star changes by an amplitude of 0.14 in magnitude during those intervals. The measured angular diameter of this star, after correction for limb darkening, is . At the estimated distance of Delta Ophiuchi, this yields a physical size of about 39 times the radius of the Sun. The effective temperature of the outer envelope is 3,690 K, giving it the cool reddish glow of an M-type star.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2902746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902746" title="15 Arietis">
15 Arietis

15 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a single star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.74, which is just bright enough to be visible to the naked eye from dark suburban skies. An annual parallax shift of 5.84 mas corresponds to a physical distance of approximately from Earth. At that distance, the star's brightness is reduced by 0.33 in magnitude because of extinction from interstellar gas and dust.
This is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M3 III. The measured angular diameter of this star is . At the estimated distance of Delta Ophiuchi, this yields a physical size of about 67 times the radius of the Sun. It is a pulsating variable star with the variable star designation AV Arietis. The first pulsation period is 18.1 days with an amplitude of 0.028 magnitudes, while the second is 21.9 days and 0.030 in magnitude.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2902747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902747" title="31 Arietis">
31 Arietis

31 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. The two members of this system orbit each other with a period of 1.924 years and an eccentricity of 0.88. The primary component is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F7 V. The pair have an apparent visual magnitude of 5.75, which is just bright enough to be faintly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 28.79 mas, the distance to this system is approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="2902748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902748" title="10 Arietis">
10 Arietis

10 Arietis (10 Ari) is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an overall apparent visual magnitude of 5.63 and consists of two F-type stars in orbit about each other. The orbital period is approximately 325 years. based upon an annual parallax shift of 20.53 mas, it is located at a distance of approximately from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902750" title="51 Aquarii">
51 Aquarii

51 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude is 5.78 and is located around from Earth. This is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A0 V. It has a high rate of rotation with a projected rotational velocity of 91 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="2902751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902751" title="21 Arietis">
21 Arietis

21 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries. It has a combined apparent visual magnitude is 5.57; the brighter member is magnitude 6.40 while the fainter star is magnitude 6.48. The distance to this star system, based upon an annual parallax shift of 19.58 mas, is . The pair orbit each other with a period of 23.70 years and an eccentricity of 0.68.

</doc>
<doc id="2902753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902753" title="62 Arietis">
62 Arietis

62 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is dimly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.52. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from the Earth. This is a giant star with a stellar classification of G5 III.
Chinese name.
In Chinese astronomy, 62 Arietis is called 天阿, Pinyin: Tiānhé, meaning "Celestial River", because this star is marking itself and stand alone in "Celestial River" asterism, Hairy Head mansion (see : Chinese constellation). 天阿 (Tiānhé) is westenized into "Teen Ho", but according to another opinion about this asterism, "Teen Ho" is asterism consisting four stars in Aries.
Another "Tiānhé" ("Celestial River") in Tail mansion, is asterism consisting the stars in Ophiuchus

</doc>
<doc id="2902754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902754" title="35 Aquarii">
35 Aquarii

35 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.81. Its spectral class is B3. Its galactic coordinates are 37.16° longitude and -57.76° latitude.

</doc>
<doc id="2902756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902756" title="74 Aquarii">
74 Aquarii

74 Aquarii is a triple star system in the constellation Aquarius. The combined apparent visual magnitude is 5.8 and it is located at a distance of from Earth. It has the variable star designation "HI Aquarii".
The inner pair of stars form a double-lined spectroscopic binary, where the presence of both components is revealed from the Doppler shift of their spectral lines. They have an orbital period of 3.4298 days. A third component is orbiting the inner pair with an 18 year period at a typical angular separation of 0.078 arcseconds. In 2010, this component was at an angular separation of 0.069 arcseconds along a position angle of 285.9°. This is equivalent to a projected linear separation of .

</doc>
<doc id="2902758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902758" title="15 Aquarii">
15 Aquarii

15 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.83.

</doc>
<doc id="2902759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902759" title="List of Australian plant species authored by Joseph Maiden">
List of Australian plant species authored by Joseph Maiden

This is a list of Australian plant species authored by Joseph Maiden, including naturalised species:

</doc>
<doc id="2902760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902760" title="Symptoms of True Love">
Symptoms of True Love

"Symptoms of True Love" is the second single from Tracie Spencer's self-titled debut album. The single was released in 1988. It was written by German composer team Irmgard Klarmann and Felix Weber. Unlike her first single (which was a ballad), this song was an uptempo club/dance track. The theme of the song focuses on Spencer discovering that she is suffering from "symptoms of true love" and lists the causes.
Chart information.
"Symptoms of True Love" was Tracie's first single to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, reaching number 38. On the Hot Black Singles chart, it peaked at a respectable number 11.
Music video.
The music video for "Symptoms of True Love" is rather simple and it was made in March 1988, and it shows Spencer and a group of friends dancing and grooving along to the song. The video's set features comic book-style art in the vein of Roy Lichtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="2902770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902770" title="Hair transplantation">
Hair transplantation

Hair transplantation is a surgical technique that moves individual hair follicles from a part of the body called the 'donor site' to bald or balding part of the body known as the 'recipient site'. It is primarily used to treat male pattern baldness. In this minimally invasive procedure, grafts containing hair follicles that are genetically resistant to balding are transplanted to the bald scalp. It can also be used to restore eyelashes, eyebrows, beard hair, chest hair, pubic hair and to fill in scars caused by accidents or surgery such as face-lifts and previous hair transplants. Hair transplantation differs from skin grafting in that grafts contain almost all of the epidermis and dermis surrounding the hair follicle, and many tiny grafts are transplanted rather than a single strip of skin.
Since hair naturally grows in groupings of 1 to 4 hairs, today’s most advanced techniques harvest and transplant these naturally occurring 1–4 hair "follicular units" in their natural groupings. Thus modern hair transplantation can achieve a natural appearance by mimicking nature hair for hair. This hair transplant procedure is called Follicular unit transplantation (FUT). Donor hair can be harvested two different ways: strip harvesting, and follicular unit extraction (FUE).
History.
The use of both scalp flaps, in which a band of tissue with its original blood supply is shifted to the bald area, and free grafts dates back to the 19th century. Modern transplant techniques began in Japan in the 1930s, where surgeons used small grafts, and even "follicular unit grafts" to replace damaged areas of eyebrows or lashes, but not to treat baldness. Their efforts did not receive worldwide attention at the time, and the traumas of World War II kept their advances isolated for another two decades.
The modern era of hair transplantation in the western world was ushered in the late 1950s, when New York dermatologist Norman Orentreich began to experiment with free donor grafts to balding areas in patients with male pattern baldness. Previously it had been thought that transplanted hair would thrive no more than the original hair at the "recipient" site. Dr. Orentreich demonstrated that such grafts were "donor dominant," as the new hairs grew and lasted just as they would have at their original home. 
Advancing the theory of donor dominance, Walter P. Unger, M.D. defined the parameters of the "Safe Donor Zone" from which the most permanent hair follicles could be extracted for hair transplantation. As transplanted hair will only grow in its new site for as long as it would have in its original one, these parameters continue to serve as the fundamental foundation for hair follicle harvesting, whether by strip method or FUE.
For the next twenty years, surgeons worked on transplanting smaller grafts, but results were only minimally successful, with 2–4 mm "plugs" leading to a doll's head-like appearance. In the 1980s, Uebel in Brazil popularized using large numbers of small grafts, while in the United States Dr. William Rassman began using thousands of “micrografts” in a single session.
In the late 1980s, Dr. B.L. Limmer introduced the use of the stereo-microscope to dissect a single donor strip into small micrografts.
The follicular unit hair transplant procedure has continued to evolve, becoming more refined and minimally invasive as the size of the graft incisions have become smaller. These smaller and less invasive incisions enable surgeons to place a larger number of follicular unit grafts into a given area. With the new "gold standard" of ultra refined follicular unit hair transplantation, over 50 grafts can be placed per square centimeter, when appropriate for the patient.
Surgeons have also devoted more attention to the angle and orientation of the transplanted grafts. The adoption of the “lateral slit” technique in the early 2000s, enabled hair transplant surgeons to orient 2 to 4 hair follicular unit grafts so that they splay out across the scalp's surface. This enabled the transplanted hair to lie better on the scalp and provide better coverage to the bald areas. One disadvantage however, is that lateral incisions also tend to disrupt the scalp's vascularity more than sagittals. Thus sagittal incisions transect less hairs and blood vessels assuming the cutting instruments are of the same size. One of the big advantages of sagittals is that they do a much better job of sliding in and around existing hairs to avoid follicle transection. This certainly makes a strong case for physicians who do not require shaving of the recipient area. The lateral incisions bisect existing hairs perpendicular (horizontal) like a T while sagittal incisions run parallel (vertical) alongside and in between existing hairs. The use of perpendicular (lateral/coronal) slits versus parallel (sagittal) slits, however, has been heavily debated in patient-based hair transplant communities. Many elite hair transplant surgeons typically adopt a combination of both methods based on what is best for the individual patient.
Procedure.
Pre-operative assessment and planning.
At an initial consultation, the surgeon analyzes the patient's scalp, discusses their preferences and expectations, and advises them on the best approach (e.g. single vs. multiple sessions) and what results might reasonably be expected.
Pre-operative folliscopy will help to know the actual existing density of hair,so that postoperative results of newly transplanted hair grafts can be accurately assessed.Some patients may benefit with preoperative topical minoxidil application and vitamins.
For several days prior to surgery the patient refrains from using any medicines which might result in intraoperative bleeding and resultant poor "take" of the grafts. Alcohol and smoking can contribute to poor graft survival. Post operative antibiotics are commonly prescribed to prevent wound or graft infections.
Surgery.
Transplant operations are performed on an outpatient basis, with mild sedation (optional) and injected local anesthesia, which typically last about six hours. The scalp is shampooed and then treated with an antibacterial agent prior to the donor scalp being harvested.
There are several different techniques available for the harvesting of hair follicles, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. Regardless of which donor harvesting technique is employed, proper extraction of the hair follicle is paramount to ensure the viability of the transplanted hair and avoid transection, the cutting of the hair shaft from the hair follicle. Hair follicles grow at a slight angle to the skin's surface, which means that regardless of technique transplant tissue must be removed with a corresponding angle and not perpendicular to the surface.
There are two main ways in which donor grafts are extracted today: strip excision harvesting, and follicular unit extraction.
Strip harvesting.
Strip harvesting is the most common technique for removing hair and follicles from a donor site. The surgeon harvests a strip of skin from the posterior scalp, in an area of good hair growth. A single-, double-, or triple-bladed scalpel is used to remove strips of hair-bearing tissue from the donor site. Each incision is planned so that intact hair follicles are removed. The excised strip is about 1–1.5 x 15–30 cm in size. While closing the resulting wound, assistants begin to dissect individual follicular unit grafts, which are small, naturally formed groupings of hair follicles, from the strip. Working with binocular Stereo-microscopes, they carefully remove excess fibrous and fatty tissue while trying to avoid damage to the follicular cells that will be used for grafting. The latest method of closure is called 'Trichophytic closure' which results in much finer scars at the donor area.
The surgeon then uses very small micro blades or fine needles to puncture the sites for receiving the grafts, placing them in a predetermined density and pattern, and angling the wounds in a consistent fashion to promote a realistic hair pattern. The technicians generally do the final part of the procedure, inserting the individual grafts in place.
Strip harvesting will leave a "pencil thin" linear scar in the donor area, which is typically covered by a patient's hair even at relatively short lengths. The recovery period is around 2 weeks and will require the stitches/staples to be removed by medical personnel or sub cuticular suturing can be done.
Follicular unit extraction (FUE).
With Follicular Unit Extraction or FUE harvesting, individual follicular units containing 1 to 4 hairs are removed under local anesthesia; this micro removal typically uses tiny punches of between 0.6mm and 1.0mm in diameter. The surgeon then uses very small micro blades or fine needles to puncture the sites for receiving the grafts, placing them in a predetermined density and pattern, and angling the wounds in a consistent fashion to promote a realistic hair pattern. The technicians generally do the final part of the procedure, inserting the individual grafts in place.
FUE takes place in a single long session or multiple small sessions. This is considered to be more time consuming, depending on the operator's skill, and there are restrictions on patient candidacy. Clients are selected for FUE based on a fox test, though there is some debate about the usefulness of this in screening clients for FUE.
FUE can give very natural results. The advantage over strip harvesting is that FUE harvesting negates the need for large areas of scalp tissue to be harvested, so there is no linear incision on the back of the head and it doesn't leave a linear scar. Because individual follicles are removed, only small, punctate scars remain which are virtually not visible and any post-surgical pain and discomfort is minimized. As no suture removal is required, recovery from FUE is within 7 days.
Disadvantages include increased surgical times and higher cost to the patient. Some surgeons note that FUE can lead to a lower ratio of successfully transplanted follicles as compared to strip harvesting. Others also suggest that in case a patient would need more than one transplant, it would be difficult to find a good strip after an FUE. 
Robotic Hair Restoration is another innovative device in the field of hair restoration. The robot allows detection of the follicular units and its topography with several cameras. The images from the cameras can detect the location, distribution, and the angulation of the follicular grafts. The robotic arm has been able to increase the speed of graft extraction and minimize the exhaustion of the surgeon during an FUE transplant. Despite the advantages of robotic hair restoration systems, there are still some disadvantages such as the size of the punches being relatively large in comparison to what is used in other methods of FUE and the high price of the device .
Post-operative care.
Advances in wound care allow for semi-permeable dressing, which allow seepage of blood and tissue fluid, to be applied and changed at least daily. The vulnerable recipient area must be shielded from the sun, and shampooing is started two days after the surgery. Some surgeons will have the patient shampoo the day after surgery. Shampooing is important to prevent scabs from forming around the hair shaft. Scabs adhere to the hair shaft and increase the risk of losing newly transplanted hair follicles during the first 7 to 10 days post-op.
During the first ten days, virtually all of the transplanted hairs, inevitably traumatized by their relocation, will fall out. This is referred to as "shock loss". After two to three months new hair will begin to grow from the moved follicles. The patient's hair will grow normally, and continue to thicken through the next six to nine months. Any subsequent hair loss is likely to be only from untreated areas. Some patients elect to use medications to retard such loss, while others plan a subsequent transplant procedure to deal with this eventuality.
Side effects.
Hair thinning, known as "shock loss", is a common side effect that is usually temporary. Bald patches are also common, as fifty to a hundred hairs can be lost each day.
Other side effects include swelling of areas such as the scalp and forehead. If this becomes uncomfortable, medication may ease the swelling. Additionally, the patient must be careful if their scalp starts itching, as scratching will make it worse and cause scabs to form. A moisturizer or massage shampoo may be used in order to relieve the itching.
Research and future techniques.
Stem cells and dermal papilla cells have been discovered in hair follicles. Research on these follicular cells may lead to successes in treating baldness through hair multiplication (HM), also known as hair cloning. HM is being developed by ARI (Aderans Research Institute, a Japanese owned company in the USA).

</doc>
<doc id="2902772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902772" title="Post-Suharto era">
Post-Suharto era

The Post-Suharto era in Indonesia began with the fall of Suharto in 1998 during which Indonesia has been in a period of transition, an era known in Indonesia as "Reformasi" (English: "Reform"). A more open and liberal political-social environment ensued following the resignation of authoritarian President Suharto, ending the three decades of the New Order period.
Issues over this period have included a push for a stronger democracy and civilian rule, elements of the military trying to retain their influence, a growing Islamism in politics and society, and demands for greater regional autonomy. The process of "reformasi" in Indonesia has experienced a greater freedom of speech in contrast to a greater censorship under the New Order. This has led to a more open political debate in the news media and increased expression in the arts. Events that have shaped Indonesia in this period include a bombing campaign by Islamic terrorists (including the 2002 Bali bombings) and the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake.
Fall of Suharto.
The "Reformasi" (Reformation, or Reform) of 1998 led to changes in Indonesia's various governmental institutions, reforms upon the structures of the judiciary, legislature, and executive office. Generally the fall of Suharto in 1998 is traced from events starting in 1996, when forces opposed to the New Order began to rally around Megawati Sukarnoputri, head of the PDI and daughter of the founding president Sukarno. When Suharto attempted to have Megawati removed as head of this party in a back-room deal, student activists loyal to Megawati occupied the headquarters of PDI in Jakarta. This culminated in Black Saturday on July 27, when the Indonesian military broke up the demonstrations.
These actions, along with increasing concerns over human rights violations in Indonesian-occupied East Timor, began to unsettle Suharto's normally friendly relations with Western nations Australia, Great Britain, and the United States. These further worsened when the 1997 Asian financial crisis reached Indonesia, highlighting the corruption of the New Order.
Economic instability from the crisis affected much of the country, in the form of increased prices for staple foods and goods, and lowered standards of living and quality of life. These touched off riots, many targeting ethnic Chinese-Indonesians; bolstered by the findings of Parliamentary and independent investigations, it is often theorized that these anti-Chinese riots were instigated or aided by the military to divert anger away from Suharto himself.
In West Kalimantan there was communal violence between Dayaks and Madurese in 1996, in the Sambas conflict in 1999 and the Sampit conflict 2001, resulting in large scale massacres of Madurese. In the Sambas conflict, both Malays and Dayaks massacred Madurese.
Growing dissatisfaction with Suharto's authoritarian rule and the rapid erosion of the economy led many, chiefly the younger generation, to renew their protests directly against the New Order. During the years 1997-1998, a massive riot broke out in Indonesia. People were burning everything within the city including cars, motorcycles, buildings, and monuments in addition to pillaging and looting from stores. This was further worsened when many were killed and raped, most of which were Indonesians of Chinese descents. No action was taken by the army or the police. In 1998, Suharto made the decision to stand before the parliament for a re-election and won. The result was considered so outrageous that students occupied the Parliament. Suharto soon stood down from the presidency, and named Jusuf Habibie (of Suharto's own Golkar party) his successor. Considered the unseen power behind the throne, General Wiranto of the Chief of Staff over the military that was central to the New Order, is believed to have been behind the decision of Suharto to step down.
Habibie presidency (1998–1999).
On Suharto's resignation, Vice President Jusuf Habibie was sworn in as President of Indonesia. As President, Habibie undertook numerous political reforms.
In February 1999, Habibie's Government passed the Political Parties Law. Under this law, political parties were not limited to just three as had been the case under the Suharto regime. Political parties were also not required to have Pancasila as their ideology. This resulted in the emergence of many political parties and 48 would go on to compete in the 1999 Legislative Election.
In May 1999, Habibie's Government passed the Regional Autonomy Law. This law was the first step in decentralizing Indonesia's Government and in allowing Provinces to have more part in Governing their Province.
The Press became liberated under Habibie's Government although the Ministry of Information continued to exist.
Habibie also released political prisoners such as Sri Bintang Pamungkas, Muchtar Pakpahan, and Xanana Gusmão.
Habibie also presided over the 1999 legislative elections, the first free election since the 1955 Legislative Election. This election was supervised by the independent General Elections Commission (KPU) instead of an elections commission filled with government ministers as had been the case during the New Order.
In a move that surprised many, and angered some, Habibie called for a referendum on the future of East Timor. Subsequently, on August 30, the inhabitants of East Timor voted to break away from Indonesian rule and become an independent nation. The territorial loss to Indonesia harmed Habibie's popularity and political alliances.
Following Habibie's presidency, Abdurrahman Wahid and Megawati Sukarnoputri served as president. In 2004 Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was elected President—a position he has held since. Yudhoyono's coalition, which brings together figures from the military, business community, and conservative Islam, has restabilized the office of the Presidency.
Wahid presidency (1999–2001).
In 1999, Abdurrahman Wahid became President of Indonesia. His first Cabinet, dubbed the National Unity Cabinet, was a Coalition Cabinet which consisted of members of various political parties. PDI-P, PKB, Golkar, PPP, PAN, and Justice Party (PK). Non-partisans and the military were also represented in the Cabinet. Wahid then went on to make two administrative reforms. The first administrative reform was to abolish the Ministry of Information, the New Order's main weapon in controlling the media while the second administrative reform was to disband the Ministry of Welfare which had become corrupt and extortionist under the New Order.
Autonomy and tolerance toward dissent.
Wahid's plan in Aceh was to give it a referendum. However, this referendum would be to decide on various modes of autonomy rather than to decide on independence like in East Timor. Wahid also wanted to adopt a softer stance towards Aceh by having less military personnel on the ground. In March, Wahid's Government began to open negotiations with the Free Aceh Movement (GAM). Two months later, in May, the Government signed a memorandum of understanding with GAM to last until the beginning of 2001, by which time both signatories would have breached the agreement.
On 30 December, Wahid visited Jayapura the capital of Papua province (then known as "Irian Jaya"). During his visit, Wahid was successful in convincing West Papuan leaders that he was a force for change and even encouraged the use of the name Papua.
In September 2000, Wahid declared martial law in Maluku. By now, it was evident that Laskar Jihad were being assisted by members of the military and it was also apparent that they were financed by Fuad Bawazier, the last Minister of Finance to have served under Suharto. During the same month, the West Papuans raised their Morning Star flag. Wahid's response was to allow the West Papuans to do this provided that the Morning Star flag was placed lower than the Indonesian flag For this, he was severely criticized by Megawati and Akbar. On 24 December 2000, a series of bombings were directed against churches in Jakarta and in eight cities across Indonesia.
In March of that year, Wahid suggested that the 1966 Provisional People's Consultative Assembly (MPRS) resolution on the banning of Marxism-Leninism be lifted.
Relationship with the military.
When he ascended to the Presidency, one of Wahid's goals was to reform the military and to take it out of its dominant socio-political role. In this venture, Wahid found an ally in Agus Wirahadikusumah who he made Commander of Kostrad in March. In July, Agus began uncovering a scandal involving Dharma Putra, a foundation with affiliations to Kostrad. Through Megawati, military members began pressuring Wahid to remove Agus. Wahid gave in to the pressure but then planned to have Agus appointed as the Army Chief of Staff to which top military leaders responded by threatening to retire and Wahid once again bowed down to pressure.
Wahid's relationship with the military deteriorated even further when in July it was revealed that Laskar Jihad had arrived in Maluku and was being armed by the military. Laskar Jihad, a radical Islamic militia had earlier in the year planned to go to Maluku and assist Muslims there in their communal conflict with the Christians. Wahid had ordered military to block Laskar Jihad from going to Maluku, but nevertheless they still made it to Maluku and they were then being armed with what turned out to be military weapons.
Buloggate and Bruneigate.
2000 saw Wahid embroiled in two scandals which would damage his Presidency. In May, the State Logistics Agency (BULOG) reported that US$4 million was missing from its cash reserve. The missing cash was then attributed to Wahid's own masseur who had claimed that Wahid sent him to Bulog to collect the cash. Although the money was returned, Wahid's opponents took the chance of accusing him of being involved in the scandal and of being aware of what his masseur was up to. At the same time, Wahid was also accused of keeping US$2 million for himself. The money was a donation by the Sultan of Brunei to provide assistance in Aceh. However, Wahid failed to account for the money.
Impeachment.
By the end of 2000, there were many within the political elite who were disillusioned with Wahid. The most obvious person who showed this disillusion was Amien Rais who showed regret at supporting Wahid to the Presidency the previous year. Amien also attempted to rally opposition by encouraging Megawati and Akbar to flex their political muscles. Megawati surprisingly defended Wahid whilst Akbar preferred to wait for the 2004 Legislative Elections. At the end of November, 151 DPR members signed a petition calling for the impeachment of Wahid.
In January 2001, Wahid made the announcement that Chinese New Year was to become an optional holiday. Wahid followed this up in February by lifting the ban on the display of Chinese characters and the importing of Chinese publications. In February, Wahid visited Northern Africa as well as Saudi Arabia to undertake the hajj pilgrimage. Wahid made his last overseas visit in June 2001 when he visited Australia.
In a meeting with university rectors on 27 January 2001, Wahid commented on the possibility of Indonesia descending into anarchy. Wahid then made the suggestion that he may be forced to dissolve the DPR if that happened. Although the meeting was off-the-record, it caused quite a stir and added to the fuel of the movement against him. On 1 February, the DPR met to issue a memorandum against Wahid. Two memorandums constitutes an MPR Special Session where the impeachment and removal of a President would be legal. The vote was overwhelmingly for the memorandum and PKB members could only walk out in protest. The memorandum caused widespread protests by NU members. In East Java, NU members went attacked Golkar's regional offices. In Jakarta, Wahid's opposition began accusing him of encouraging the protests. Wahid denied it and went to talk to the protesters at the town of Pasuruan, encouraging them to get off the streets. Nevertheless, NU protesters continued to show their support for Wahid and in April, made the announcement that they were ready to defend and die for the president.
In March, Wahid tried to counter the opposition by moving against dissidents within his own cabinet. Minister of Justice Yusril Ihza Mahendra was removed for making public his demands for the President's resignation while Minister of Forestry Nurmahmudi Ismail was also removed under the suspicion of channelling his department's funds to Wahid's opposition. In response to this, Megawati began to distance herself and did not show up for the inauguration of the Ministers' replacement. On 30 April, the DPR issued a second memorandum and on the next day called for an MPR Special Session to be held on 1 August.
By July, Wahid grew desperate and ordered Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, the Coordinating Minister for Politics and Security to declare a State of Emergency. Yudhoyono refused and Wahid removed him from his position. Finally on 20 July, Amien declared that the MPR Special Session will be brought forward to 23 July. TNI, having had a bad relationship with Wahid through his tenure as President, stationed 40,000 troops in Jakarta and placed tanks with their turrets pointing at the Presidential Palace in a show of force. On 23 July, the MPR unanimously voted to impeach Wahid and to replace him with Megawati as President. Wahid continued to insist that he was the President and stayed for some days in the Presidential Palace but bowed down to reality and left the residence on 25 July to immediately fly overseas to America for health treatment.
Megawati presidency (2001–2004).
Under Megawati Sukarnoputri, the process of democratic reform begun under Habibie and Wahid continued, albeit slowly and erratically. Megawati appeared to see her role mainly as a symbol of national unity, and she rarely actively intervened in government business. Under her tenure, the "Kabinet Gotong Royong" (Mutual Assistance Cabinet) helped govern the country. It included Megawati's successor, the retired General Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono. The military, disgraced at the time of Suharto's fall, regained much of its influence. Corruption continued to be pervasive, though Megawati herself was seldom blamed for this.
Some Indonesian scholars explained Megawati's apparent passivity in office by reference to Javanese mythology. Megawati, they said, saw her father, Sukarno, as a "Good King" of Javanese legend. Suharto was the "Bad Prince" who had usurped the Good King's throne. Megawati was the Avenging Daughter who overthrew the Bad Prince and regained the Good King's throne. Once this had been achieved, they said, Megawati was content to reign as the Good Queen and leave the business of government to others. Some prominent critics such as Benedict Anderson jokingly referred to the president as "Miniwati."
Although by 2004 Indonesia's economy had stabilized and partly recovered from the 1997 crisis, unemployment and poverty remained high. The Indonesian Constitution was amended to provide for the direct election of the President, and Megawati stood for a second term. She consistently trailed in the opinion polls, due in part to the preference for male candidates among Muslim voters, and in part due to what was widely seen as a mediocre performance in office. Despite a somewhat better than expected performance in the first round of the elections, in the second round she was defeated by Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Yudhoyono presidency (2004–present).
Two months after Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono assumed office, the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami struck in the province of Aceh and many other countries along the Indian Ocean coastline. Three months later, an aftershock of the earthquake which triggered the tsunami occurred in Nias Island. In 2006, Mount Merapi erupted and this was followed by an earthquake that struck Yogyakarta.
Indonesia also suffered a small outbreak of bird flu and endured the Sidoarjo mud flow. In 2007 severe floods struck Jakarta. Yudhoyono allowed Jakarta Governor Sutiyoso to open the Manggarai watergate with the risk of flooding the Presidential Palace.
On October 1, 2005, suicide bombings occurred on the island of Bali. The attacks bear the hallmarks of the militant Islamic group Jemaah Islamiah (JI) -- a group with links to Al-Qaeda—though the police investigation is ongoing. This group was also responsible for the 2002 Bali bombings. Yudhoyono condemned the attack, promising to "hunt down the perpetrators and bring them to justice.".
In 2005, the economic growth was 5.6% which decreased to 5.4% in 2006 Inflation reached 17.11% in 2005 but decreased to 6.6% in 2006.
Yudhoyono also allocated more funds in an effort to further decrease poverty. In 2004, 11 trillion rupiah was set aside, increasing to 23 trillion in 2005 and 42 trillion in 2006. For 2007, 51 trillion was allocated. In March 2005 and again in October 2005, Yudhoyono made the unpopular decision to cut fuel subsidies, leading to increases in fuel prices of 29% and 125% respectively. The poor were somewhat compensated by the Direct Cash Assistance (BLT), but the subsidy cutting damaged Yudhoyono's popularity. In May 2008, rising oil prices contributed to Yudhoyono's decision to again cut fuel subsidies, which were the subject of protests in May and June 2008.
In 2009, Yudhoyono was elected again in 2009 presidential election along with Boediono, former Governor of Bank Indonesia. They defeated 2 candidates: Megawati Soekarnoputri - Prabowo Subianto and incumbent vice president, Jusuf Kalla - Wiranto. Yudhoyono - Boediono won the election with more than 60% votes of nationwide in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="2902773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902773" title="55 Arietis">
55 Arietis

55 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.72. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from Earth, give or take a 170 light-year margin of error. The spectrum of this star matches a B-type giant with a stellar classification of B8 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902775" title="Sanjak of Alexandretta">
Sanjak of Alexandretta

The Sanjak of Alexandretta (, , "") was a Mandate of Syria sanjak composed of two qadaas of the former Aleppo Vilayet (Alexandretta and Antioch, present day İskenderun and Antakya) and became autonomous under Article 7 of the French-Turkish treaty of October 20, 1921: "A special administrative regime shall be established for the district of Alexandretta. The Turkish inhabitants of this district shall enjoy facility for their cultural development. The Turkish language shall have official recognition". This was due to the presence of an important Turkish community along with Arabs of various religious denominations: Sunni Muslims, Alawites, Syriac Orthodox, Greek Orthodox, Greek Catholics, Maronites. There were also communities of Jews, Assyrians, Kurds, Armenians and Greeks. In 1923 Alexandretta was attached to the State of Aleppo, and in 1925 it was directly attached to the French mandate of Syria, still with special administrative status.
The 1936 elections in the sanjak returned two MPs favoring the independence of Syria from France, and this prompted communal riots as well as passionate articles in the Turkish and Syrian press. This then became the subject of a complaint to the League of Nations by the Turkish government under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk concerning alleged mistreatment of the area's Turkish populations. Atatürk demanded that Alexandretta become part of Turkey, claiming that the majority of its inhabitants were Turks. The sanjak was given autonomy in November 1937 in an arrangement brokered by the League. Under its new statute, the sanjak became 'distinct but not separated' from the French Mandate of Syria on the diplomatic level, linked to both France and Turkey for defence matters.
Population.
According to the estimates of the French high commission in 1936, out of a population of 220,000 39% were Turks, 28% Arabic-speaking Alawites, 11% Armenians, 10% Sunni Arabs, 8% other Christians and 4% were Circassians, Kurds and Jews. Although Turks formed the largest single ethno-religious minority, Arabic speakers including Sunnis, Alawites and Christians were more numerous.
1938 voter registration and "elections".
The allocation of seats in the sanjak assembly was based on the 1938 census held by the French authorities under international supervision: out of 40 seats, 22 were given to the Turks, nine for Alawi Arabs, five for Armenians, two for Sunni Arabs, and two for Christian Arabs. This repartition was the result of a Turkish military intervention from Payas and Hassa just beforehand, on July 5, 1938, with the ethnic cleansing of most of its Arab and Armenian inhabitants who constituted the majority of the population. Turkey had also crossed tens of thousands of Turks into the Sanjak of Alexandretta. Moreover, the results seemed to be questionable because it happened for the sole purpose of seat repartition, and Turkish propaganda was very active among Alevis and Circassians, all of whom were considered as Turks by Ankara.
According to the official registration numbers by July 22, 1938, 57,008 voters in the Sanjak were registered, belonging to the following ethnic groups.
40 seats of the sanjak assembly per "qadaa" were distributed as follows:
Despite the voter registration, no elections were held and an "approved" sanjak assembly was commissioned by Turkish and French authorities. Tayfur Sökmen who was appointed by Atatürk to lead the transition arrived in Antakya from Dörtyol on August 25, 1938.
Hatay State.
On September 2, 1938, the assembly proclaimed the Sanjak of Alexandretta as the Hatay State. The State lasted for one year under joint French and Turkish military supervision. The name "Hatay" itself was proposed by Atatürk and the government was under Turkish control. The president Tayfur Sökmen was a member of Turkish parliament elected in 1935 (representing Antalya Province and the prime minister Dr. Abdurrahman Melek, was also elected to the Turkish parliament (representing Gaziantep Province) in 1939 while still holding the prime-ministerial post. The Hatay State became the Hatay Province of Turkey in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="2902778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902778" title="4 Arietis">
4 Arietis

4 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries, the ram. Its apparent magnitude is 5.86. It has an annual parallax shift of , which corresponds to a distance from Earth of . It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.86, making it visible to the naked eye from dark suburban skies. This is a B-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of B9.5 V. It has around 2.5 times the mass of the Sun and shines with 40 times the Sun's luminosity.

</doc>
<doc id="2902784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902784" title="40 Arietis">
40 Arietis

40 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries. Their combined apparent magnitude is 5.82, putting the system near the limit of naked eye visibility. Based upon an annual parallax shift of just 7.06 mas, it is away from the Sun, give or take a 30 light-year margin of error. At that distance, its brightness is diminished by 0.21 in magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
This is a spectroscopic binary with an angular separation of 0.2 arcseconds between the two components. Their merged spectrum matches that of an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K1 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902785" title="1 Arietis">
1 Arietis

1 Arietis is the Bayer designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Aries. The pair have a combined visual magnitude of 5.86, making it faintly visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 5.57 mas, the distance to the two stars is approximately . The brighter component is a magnitude 6.40 giant star with a stellar classification of K1 III. The companion star, at an angular separation of 2.873 arcseconds from the primary, is a magnitude 7.20 A-type main sequence star with a classification of A6 V.

</doc>
<doc id="2902789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902789" title="47 Arietis">
47 Arietis

47 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.80. It has an annual parallax shift of , which is equivalent to a physical distance of approximately from Earth. This is an F-type subgiant star with a stellar classification of F5 IV.

</doc>
<doc id="2902791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902791" title="20 Arietis">
20 Arietis

20 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries and a member of the Hyades open cluster (Melotte 25). It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.79, which is bright enough to be just faintly visible to the named eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from Earth.
This star has a stellar classification of F6 IV-V, with the spectrum indicating it shows properties of both a main sequence and a more evolved subgiant star. 20 Arietis is around 1.7 billion years old.

</doc>
<doc id="2902797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902797" title="56 Arietis">
56 Arietis

56 Arietis is Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is faintly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude is 5.79. The estimated distance to this star is approximately . This is a magnetic, chemically peculiar star of the silicon type and it has a rapid rotation period of 17.5 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="2902800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902800" title="7 Arietis">
7 Arietis

7 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the northern constellation of Aries. The pair have a combined apparent visual magnitude of 5.76, making it faintly visible to the naked eye from dark suburban skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 5.85 mas, it is approximately distant from the Earth, give or take a 40 light-year margin of error.
This is an eclipsing binary system with a period of 47.9 days and has the variable star designation RR Arietis. During each eclipse of the primary star, the magnitude of the system decreases by 0.40. The eclipse of the secondary reduces the magnitude by 0.35. The primary component of the system is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K1 III. The measured angular diameter of this star is . At the estimated distance of 7 Arietis, this yields a physical size of about 21 times the radius of the Sun.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2902801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902801" title="16 Aquarii">
16 Aquarii

16 Aquarii (16 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.87.

</doc>
<doc id="2902803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902803" title="60 Aquarii">
60 Aquarii

60 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.89 and is about from Earth. This is a giant star with a stellar classification of G6 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902805" title="45 Aquarii">
45 Aquarii

45 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.96.

</doc>
<doc id="2902810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902810" title="17 Aquarii">
17 Aquarii

17 Aquarii is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 5.99.

</doc>
<doc id="2902812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902812" title="39 Aquarii">
39 Aquarii

39 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. It is a faint naked eye star with an apparent visual magnitude of 6.03. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 23.78 measured with a 3% margin of error, this star is at a distance of around from Earth.
The stellar classification of this star is F0 V; hence it belongs to the category of F-type main sequence stars. It is a double star with a magnitude 9.3 companion at an angular separation of 0.6 arcseconds along a position angle of 257°.

</doc>
<doc id="2902813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902813" title="59 Arietis">
59 Arietis

59 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is dimly visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.90. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from the Earth. The spectrum is that of a subgiant star with a stellar classification of G6 IV.

</doc>
<doc id="2902814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902814" title="49 Arietis">
49 Arietis

49 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 5.91 and is located at a distance of approximately distant from Earth. 49 Arietis is classified as an Am, or chemically peculiar star, which means the spectrum displays abnormal abundances of certain heavier elements.

</doc>
<doc id="2902815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902815" title="82 Aquarii">
82 Aquarii

82 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.15, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, means it is a faint star that requires dark rural skies to view. The annual parallax shift of 82 Aquarii is , which equates to a distance of roughly from Earth. This is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M2 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902816" title="Basketball Australia">
Basketball Australia

Basketball Australia is the governing and controlling body of basketball in Australia, responsible for the development and promotion of the sport at all levels.
Formed in 1939 (as the Australian Basketball Federation) the organisation was constituted in 1946. Basketball Australia became a member of FIBA in 1949 and was incorporated in 1982.
Basketball Australia sanctions Australia's two professional leagues, the National Basketball League (NBL) and the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) as well as the semi-professional Australian Basketball Association (ABA) which features over 120 member teams from major cities and key regional centres.
Basketball Australia also fields representative teams in FIBA and Olympic competition.
Australian basketball has extensive national and state-based programs to ensure that pathways are provided for all participants in the sport, which includes the National Intensive Training Centre Program and the Australian Institute of Sport.
Basketball Australia provides juniors with the opportunity to compete in national representative competitions from the U16 age group, with the National Junior Championships providing a high level of competition between state teams. U14 Club Championships and the National Schools Basketball Tournament provide elite level competition for younger players.
Basketball Australia's Aussie Hoops program is the sports grass roots program for primary school children launched in 2002.
Basketball Australia is not-for-profit and is funded through membership, sponsorship, fund raising and government grants.

</doc>
<doc id="2902818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902818" title="70 Aquarii">
70 Aquarii

70 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the constellation equatorial constellation of Aquarius. It is a Delta Scuti-type variable with the variable star designation "FM Aquarii". The mean apparent visual magnitude of this star is 6.19 and it is around from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902824" title="78 Aquarii">
78 Aquarii

78 Aquarii (78 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.20.

</doc>
<doc id="2902825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902825" title="11 Aquarii">
11 Aquarii

11 Aquarii is a sunlike star (G1V) in the constellation Aquarius with an apparent magnitude is 6.22. It is approximately 86 ly from Earth and is a main-sequence star of spectral type G1 and luminosity class V. Compared to the Sun, this star has a higher abundance of elements more massive than helium. This indicates it belongs to a class of stars called metal-rich. The star is about the same age as the Sun, but it has slightly more mass and has a larger radius.

</doc>
<doc id="2902827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902827" title="81 Aquarii">
81 Aquarii

81 Aquarii is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.23.

</doc>
<doc id="2902828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902828" title="54 Arietis">
54 Arietis

54 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.26. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from Earth. The brightness of the star is diminished by 0.15 in magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust. This is a red giant star with a stellar classification of M0 III, and is evolving along the asymptotic giant branch. It varies slightly in brightness, with a periodicity of 6.2 days and an amplitude change of 0.0096 in magnitude.

</doc>
<doc id="2902830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902830" title="Overlapping consensus">
Overlapping consensus

Overlapping consensus is a term coined by John Rawls in "A Theory of Justice" and developed in "Political Liberalism".
The term refers to how supporters of different comprehensive normative doctrines—that entail apparently inconsistent conceptions of justice—can agree on particular principles of justice that underwrite a political community's basic social institutions. Comprehensive doctrines can include systems of religion, political ideology, or morality. 
Rawls explains that an overlapping consensus on principles of justice can occur despite "considerable differences in citizens' conceptions of justice provided that these conceptions lead to similar political judgements." The groups are able to achieve this consensus in part by refraining from political/public disputes over fundamental (e.g. metaphysical) arguments regarding religion and philosophy. Rawls elaborates that the existence of an overlapping consensus on conceptions of justice among major social groups holding differing—yet reasonable—comprehensive doctrines is a necessary and distinctive characteristic of political liberalism. Rawls also explains that the overlapping consensus on principles of justice is itself a moral conception and is supported by moral reasoning—although the fundamental grounds of this support may differ for each of the various groups holding disparate comprehensive doctrines, and these lines of reasoning may also differ from the public reasons provided for supporting the principles. These latter features distinguish his idea of an overlapping consensus from a mere modus vivendi, which is a strategic agreement entered into for pragmatic purposes, and therefore potentially unprincipled and unstable. The overlapping consensus could in sum be said to “depend, in effect, on there being a morally significant core of commitments common to the ‘reasonable’ fragment of each of the main comprehensive doctrines in the community”

</doc>
<doc id="2902832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902832" title="27 Arietis">
27 Arietis

27 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It is close to the limit of what can be viewed with the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude is 6.23. The annual parallax shift of corresponds to a physical distance of approximately from Earth. The stellar classification of G5 III-IV matches the spectral of an evolved subgiant or giant star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902833" title="100 Aquarii">
100 Aquarii

100 Aquarii (100 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.

</doc>
<doc id="2902836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902836" title="60 Arietis">
60 Arietis

60 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.14. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , this star is distant from the Earth. This is a giant star with a stellar classification of K3 III. It has 11 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 39 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being radiated from the outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,365 K, giving it the orange-hued glow of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902837" title="26 Arietis">
26 Arietis

26 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. The apparent visual magnitude of this star is 6.14, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, is within the naked eye visibility limit in dark rural skies. This is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A9 V. It is a Delta Scuti variable star with the designation UU Arietis. It has a variability period of 0.0676 days and an amplitude of 0.010 in magnitude. The annual parallax shift of 15.14 mas is equivalent to a distance of approximately from Earth.

</doc>
<doc id="2902839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902839" title="56 Aquarii">
56 Aquarii

56 Aquarii (56 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.37.

</doc>
<doc id="2902841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902841" title="53 Arietis">
53 Arietis

53 Arietis is the Bayer designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. Its mean apparent magnitude is 6.10, which is near the lower limit for naked eye visibility. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 3.92 mas, the estimated distance to this star is roughly .
53 Arietis is a variable star of Beta Cephei type, with the alternate designation "UW Arietis". This is a B-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of B1.5 V. It is a runaway star with a peculiar velocity of 48.1 km/s relative to its neighbors. The star was ejected from the Orion nebula some 4–5 million years ago, possibly when an orbiting companion exploded as a supernova.

</doc>
<doc id="2902843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902843" title="20 Aquarii">
20 Aquarii

20 Aquarii (20 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.38.

</doc>
<doc id="2902845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902845" title="65 Arietis">
65 Arietis

65 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.07, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, means it is faintly visible to the naked eye when viewed from dark suburban skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is approximately distant from the Earth.
This is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A1 V. It has about 2.45 times the mass of the Sun and shines with 40 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being radiated into outer space at an effective temperature of 10.300 K, giving it the white-hued glow of an A-type star. It is roughly 23% of the way through its lifetime on the main sequence of core hydrogen burning stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2902847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902847" title="66 Arietis">
66 Arietis

66 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a double star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.03, putting it near the limit for naked eye visibility. The magnitude 10.4 companion is located at an angular separation of 0.810 arcseconds from the primary along a position angle of 65°. The distance to this pair, as determined from parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, is approximately .
The spectrum of the primary component matches a stellar classification of K0 IV, with the luminosity class of IV indicating this is a subgiant star. It has 6 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 18 times the Sun's energy. This energy is radiated from the outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,864 K, giving it the cool orange-hued glow of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902848" title="29 Aquarii">
29 Aquarii

29 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The orbital plane of the two stars lies near the line of sight, so they form an Algol-type eclipsing binary with the variable star designation "DX Aquarii". The first component of the system is an A-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of A2 V. Its companion is giant star with a classification of K0 III. Their orbital period is 0.94501 days.
Stellar system.
The variability of this star was first noticed in 1965 by W. Strohmeier of Remeis-Observatory in Bamberg, Germany. He later discovered that the variability was caused by a binary companion eclipsing the primary star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902851" title="30 Arietis">
30 Arietis

30 Arietis (sometimes abbreviated 30 Ari) is a 6th magnitude triple star in the constellation Aries. 30 Arietis A and B are separated by 38.1" or about 1500 AU at a distance of 130 light years away. Both stars are F-type main-sequence stars, meaning they are fusing hydrogen in their cores. 30 Arietis A is itself a spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 1.1 days. The age of this system is 910 million years old, a fifth the age of the Sun.
Planetary system.
On November 27, 2009, the discovery of a very massive planet was announced to be orbiting 30 Arietis B at a distance of about 1 AU. 

</doc>
<doc id="2902853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902853" title="16 Arietis">
16 Arietis

16 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 6.01.
Based upon the annual parallax shift of , this star is approximately distant from Earth. The brightness of this star is diminished by 0.40 in magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust. This is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K3 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902854" title="58 Aquarii">
58 Aquarii

58 Aquarii (58 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.39.

</doc>
<doc id="2902856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902856" title="11 Arietis">
11 Arietis

11 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.01, which makes it a challenging target to view with the naked eye in suitably dark skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 3.72 mas, the distance to this star is approximately .
Eta Aquarii has a stellar classification of B9 IV-Vn, which may indicate that it is beginning to evolve away from the main sequence into a subgiant as the supply of hydrogen at its core becomes exhausted. At present it has an estimated 2.8 times the radius of the Sun, but this will increase as it continues to evolve into a giant star. Eta Aquarii is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 249 km/s. This motion, combined with the Doppler effect, is causing the absorption lines in the spectrum to spread out and become 'nebulous', as indicated by the 'n' suffix in the classification.

</doc>
<doc id="2902857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902857" title="61 Aquarii">
61 Aquarii

61 Aquarii (61 Aqr) is a star in the constellation Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.40.

</doc>
<doc id="2902858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902858" title="Operation Culverin">
Operation Culverin

Operation Culverin was a planned operation in World War II, in which Allied troops would recapture the northern tip of Sumatra (the present day province of Aceh) from the Japanese. It was never carried out. Lack of resources prevented it being mounted as originally planned, and other events later made it unnecessary.
The idea was first put forward by Winston Churchill at the Quebec Conference on August 20, 1943. He was dissatisfied by the existing scope of Allied plans for the South East Asian Theatre for 1943 and 1944. In his vision, by seizing northern Sumatra, ""we should be striking and seizing a point of our own against which the Japanese would have to beat themselves if they wished to avoid the severe drain which would be imposed on their shipping by our air action from Sumatra"".
At this point, no detailed staff study of the operation had been made, and the matter was allowed to lapse.
It was revived in February, 1944 when a delegation from Admiral Mountbatten, the Supreme Commander of the South East Asia Command, reported to the Defence Committee in London. Mountbatten proposed amphibious operations in cooperation with the American South West Pacific Area. "Culverin" would be a necessary first part of this plan. However, the American Joint Chiefs of Staff did not favour this idea. (In part this was because Mountbatten's Deputy Supreme Commander, the American General Joseph Stilwell, had sent a separate mission to Washington to represent his own differing views to the Joint Chiefs of Staff.)
In the event, most of the Imperial Japanese Navy's battleships and cruisers were transferred to Singapore at about the same time. As amphibious operations depended on local naval superiority, "Culverin" had to be abandoned. The Royal Navy could not reinforce their fleet in the Indian Ocean with sufficient strength to face the Japanese main battle fleet, and the United States Navy was committed to operations in the Central Pacific and South West Pacific, and unwilling to divert their fleets from the Pacific.
The South East Asia Command was far more cautious in its estimates for resources required for successful amphibious operations than Churchill. For the much less ambitious Operation Buccaneer, the proposed capture of the Andaman Islands, they proposed a land force of 50,000 men, where Churchill had assumed that only a single division (14,000 men) would be necessary. Also, since no land-based air support would be available until a very large beachhead had been secured, Mountbatten demanded the use of almost every aircraft carrier possessed by the Royal Navy, which would have had adverse effects on other operations.
In the middle of 1945, the matter was finally dropped. The Japanese fleet had been destroyed or immobilised, but the preferred plan was Operation Zipper, a landing on the coast of Malaya. The final major landing in the area was the May 1945 assault on Rangoon, Operation Dracula.

</doc>
<doc id="2902862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902862" title="37 Aquarii">
37 Aquarii

37 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. Its apparent magnitude is 6.64.

</doc>
<doc id="2902863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902863" title="51 Arietis">
51 Arietis

51 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 6.6 and is an estimated distant from the Earth. This is a G-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of G8 V. Similar to the Sun, it has 1.04 times the mass and 0.99 times the radius. It radiates 92% of the Sun's luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 5,666 K. This heat gives it the golden-hued glow of a G-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902864" title="24 Aquarii">
24 Aquarii

24 Aquarii is the Flamsteed designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius. The apparent magnitude of this system is 6.65, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, means it is a faint star that is just visible to the naked eye from dark, rural skies. It has an annual parallax shift of 22.74 milliarcseconds, which is equivalent to a distance of from Earth. The system has a stellar classification of F7 III, suggesting it contains an evolved giant star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902865" title="3 Arietis">
3 Arietis

3 Arietis is a variable star of δ Scuti type. Despite its Flamsteed designation, the star is actually located in the constellation Pisces near the border of Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 6.55. The star also has the variable star designation VY Piscium.

</doc>
<doc id="2902871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902871" title="36 Arietis">
36 Arietis

36 Arietis is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the northern constellation of Aries. Its apparent magnitude is 6.40. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , this star is . It is an evolved giant star with a stellar classification of K2 III.

</doc>
<doc id="2902872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902872" title="25 Arietis">
25 Arietis

25 Arietis is a star in the constellation Cetus. Its apparent magnitude is +6.45.

</doc>
<doc id="2902875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902875" title="International Capoeira Angola Foundation">
International Capoeira Angola Foundation

ICAF or FICA is the name of a capoeira angola group. FICA is the group's name in Brazil, which is an acronym for Fundacao International de Capoeira de Angola, while it is ICAF in English, which stands for the International Capoeira Angola Foundation. The English name is a literal translation of the words which make up the acronym FICA. 
The word "fica" in Portuguese means "you stay" (second person declarative) which isn't necessarily significant, but because it has a meaning it is slightly more catchy in Portuguese than ICAF is in English. FICA/ICAF is the largest Capoeira Angola organization in the world, consisting of many local chapters incorporated as not-for-profits in the United States which charge nominal annual membership fees, as well as having locations in many other countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2902879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902879" title="Ballad of a Thin Man">
Ballad of a Thin Man

"Ballad of a Thin Man" is a song written and recorded by Bob Dylan, and released as the final track on Side One of his sixth album, "Highway 61 Revisited" in 1965.
Recording.
Dylan recorded "Ballad of a Thin Man" in Studio A of Columbia Records in New York City, located at 799 Seventh Avenue, just north of West 52nd Street. on August 2, 1965. Record producer Bob Johnston was in charge of the session, and the backing musicians were Mike Bloomfield on lead guitar, Bobby Gregg on drums, Harvey Goldstein on bass, Al Kooper on organ, and Dylan himself playing piano. Driven by Dylan's sombre piano chords, which contrast with a horror movie organ part played by Al Kooper, this track was described by Kooper as "musically more sophisticated than anything else on the ["Highway 61 Revisited"] album." 
Kooper has recalled that at the end of the session, when the musicians listened to the playback of the song, drummer Bobby Gregg said, "That is a "nasty" song, Bob." Kooper adds, "Dylan was the King of the Nasty Song at that time."
Meaning.
Dylan's song revolves around the mishaps of a Mr. Jones, who keeps blundering into strange situations, and the more questions he asks, the less the world makes sense to him. Critic Andy Gill called the song "one of Dylan's most unrelenting inquisitions, a furious, sneering, dressing-down of a hapless bourgeois intruder into the hipster world of freaks and weirdoes which Dylan now inhabited."
In August 1965, soon after recording the song, when questioned by Nora Ephron and Susan Edmiston about the identity of Mr. Jones, Dylan was deadpan: "He's a real person. You know him, but not by that name... I saw him come into the room one night and he looked like a camel. He proceeded to put his eyes in his pocket. I asked this guy who he was and he said, 'That's Mr. Jones.' Then I asked this cat, 'Doesn't he do anything but put his eyes in his pocket?' And he told me, 'He puts his nose on the ground.' It's all there, it's a true story." At a press conference in San Francisco in December 1965, Dylan supplied more information about Mr. Jones: "He's a pinboy. He also wears suspenders."
In March 1986, Dylan told his audience in Japan: "This is a song I wrote a while back in response to people who ask me questions all the time. You just get tired of that every once in a while. You just don't want to answer no more questions. I figure a person’s life speaks for itself, right? So, every once in a while you got to do this kind of thing, you got to put somebody in their place... So this is my response to something that happened over in England. I think it was about '63, '64. Anyway the song still holds up. Seems to be people around still like that. So I still sing it. It's called 'Ballad Of A Thin Man'."
There has been speculation whether Mr. Jones was based on a specific journalist. In 1975, reporter Jeffrey Jones "outed" himself in a "Rolling Stone" article, describing how he had attempted to interview Dylan at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival. When Dylan and his entourage later chanced on the hapless reporter in the hotel dining room, Dylan shouted mockingly, "Mr. Jones! Gettin' it all down, Mr. Jones?" When Bill Flanagan asked Dylan, in 1990, whether one reporter could claim all the credit for Mr. Jones, Dylan replied: "There were a lot of Mister Joneses at that time. Obviously there must have been a tremendous amount of them for me to write "that" particular song. It was like, 'Oh man, here's the thousandth Mister Jones'."
In the Beatles song "Yer Blues", Mr. Jones is mentioned and described as "suicidal".
Interpretation.
Dylan critic Mike Marqusee writes that "Ballad of a Thin Man" can be read as "one of the purest songs of protest ever sung", with its scathing take on "the media, its interest in and inability to comprehend and his music." For Marqusee, the song became the anthem of an in-group, "disgusted by the old, excited by the new... elated by their discovery of others who shared their feelings", with its central refrain "Something is happening here/ But you don't know what it is/ Do you, Mr. Jones?" epitomizing the hip exclusivity of the burgeoning counterculture. Dylan biographer Robert Shelton describes the song's central character, Mr. Jones, as "one of Dylan's greatest archetypes", characterizing him as "a Philistine, a person who does not see... superficially educated and well bred but not very smart about the things that count."
Critic Andy Gill refers to "a fascinating, albeit slightly tenuous, interpretation of the song as 'outing' a homosexual". Gill writes that this interpretation is based upon "the cumulative inference of references" to a series of images in the song: "pencil in your hand", "hands you a bone", "contacts among the lumberjacks", "sword swallower", "he clicks his high heels", "he says, 'Here is your throat back, thanks for the loan'", "one-eyed midget" and "give me some milk". Gill is skeptical about this idea which he claims has appeared on internet sites devoted to Dylan's work, and writes that it "is probably more indicative of the pitfalls of interpretation than Dylan’s intention with the song"; he adds that the song "condemns the urge to interpret pruriently that which we don’t immediately understand."
Releases.
The song was originally released in 1965 on the album "Highway 61 Revisited". Dylan released live recordings of the song on "Before the Flood" (1974), "Bob Dylan at Budokan" (1979), "Real Live" (1984), "Hard to Handle" (video, 1986), "" (1998) and on (2005).

</doc>
<doc id="2902880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902880" title="12 Aquilae">
12 Aquilae

12 Aquilae (12 Aql) is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has the Bayer designation i Aquilae (i Aql). Sometimes, this star is called by the name Bered, derived the Hebrew word בָּרָד "barad", meaning "storm". In Chinese, (), meaning "Market Officer", refers to an asterism consisting of 12 Aquilae, α Scuti, δ Scuti, ε Scuti, β Scuti, η Scuti, λ Aquilae, 15 Aquilae and 14 Aquilae. Consequently, 12 Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
This star has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.02, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye, although, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, it is a challenge to view from the inner city. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 22.66 mas, the distance to this star is with a margin of error of one light-year. This is an evolved giant star of stellar class K1 III. It has 12 times the radius of the Sun and shines with 60 times the Sun's luminosity. This energy is being radiated from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 4,603 K, giving it the cool orange hue of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902882" title="71 Aquilae">
71 Aquilae

71 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has the Bayer designation l Aquilae (l Aql). The apparent visual magnitude of the system is 4.33, making it bright enough to be viewed by the naked eye. It has an annual parallax shift of 9.67 mas, which equates to a physical distance of from Earth, give or take a 30 light-year margin of error. At this distance, the brightness of the system is diminished by 0.065 in visual magnitude from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
This is a spectroscopic binary system where the presence of an orbiting companion is revealed by shifts in the spectrum caused by the Doppler effect. The primary component is a giant star with a stellar classification of G8 III. The secondary is following a circular orbit with a period of 205.2 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2902885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902885" title="69 Aquilae">
69 Aquilae

69 Aquilae is a star in the constellation Aquila. Its apparent magnitude is 4.91.

</doc>
<doc id="2902886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902886" title="70 Aquilae">
70 Aquilae

70 Aquilae (70 Aql) is a star in the constellation Aquila. Its apparent magnitude is 4.91.

</doc>
<doc id="2902888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902888" title="26 Aquilae">
26 Aquilae

26 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.00, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye. As the Earth orbits the Sun, this star system undergoes a parallax shift of 21.15 mas. This means it is located at a distance of approximately from Earth, give or take a 3 light-year margin of error.
This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system, meaning that the presence of an orbiting companion is revealed through shifts in the spectrum of the primary star. The pair orbit each other with a period of 266.544 days at a high eccentricity of 0.833. Little is known about this companion, although its mass can be estimated as 140% of the mass of the Sun.
The primary component has a stellar classification of G8 III-IV. The luminosity class of III-IV indicates the spectrum resembles that of a star part way between the subgiant and giant stages of its evolution. It has more than three times the mass of the Sun and six times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 21 times as much luminosity as the Sun from this enlarged outer envelope at an effective temperature of 4,940 K. At this heat, the star glows with the characteristic yellow hue of a G-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902891" title="4 Aquilae">
4 Aquilae

4 Aquilae is a star in the constellation Aquila. Its apparent magnitude is 5.02.

</doc>
<doc id="2902892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902892" title="Runako Morton">
Runako Morton

Runako Shakur Morton (22 July 1978 – 4 March 2012) was a Nevisian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-handed offbreak bowler.
A lively, often unpredictable character, Morton was expelled from the West Indian cricketing academy in July 2001 for bad behaviour but continued to play for the Leeward Islands in the Busta Cup. Upon his return in February 2002, he was called into the West Indies squad as a replacement for Marlon Samuels, but he was dropped once again when he lied about his non-appearance in the ICC Champions Trophy in September 2002.
Following a stabbing incident in January 2004, he was arrested but was given a third chance in May 2005 when he was recalled for the South African Test.
He was involved in a bizarre run-out with Shivnarine Chanderpaul in the third Test against New Zealand in 2006. Morton drove the ball to mid-on where Daniel Vettori was fielding and ran to the non striker end. Chanderpaul, at the other end, initially took a few steps down the wicket but then turned and went back to the non-striker's end. Morton believed he was out, and, furious at his captain, began to walk off. However, following a call to the third umpire, it was decided that Morton had grounded his bat at the non-striker's end just before Chanderpaul, and hence was safe and that Chanderpaul was out. Video evidence suggests that the umpire's decision was wrong: although Morton made his ground first, he then left it before the run-out was made, so he should have been the one dismissed.
As a batsman, Morton had a reputation for hitting the ball very hard, but had problems picking up singles in between boundaries. He has the dubious record of the slowest ODI duck which lasted 31 balls in the final of the DLF Cup against Australia.
Morton was arrested for marijuana possession with Tonito Willett after the first day's play of the Trinidad & Tobago vs. Leeward Islands match.
Morton died on 4 March 2012, when he lost control of the car he was driving along the Sir Solomon Hochoy Highway, hitting a utility pole at Chase Village in Central Trinidad.

</doc>
<doc id="2902893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902893" title="36 Aquilae">
36 Aquilae

36 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has the Bayer designation e Aquilae. With an apparent visual magnitude of 5.02, this star is faintly visible to the naked eye. It has an annual parallax shift of 6.17 mas, indicating a physical distance of with a 30 light-year margin of error.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of M1 III. It is a red giant star with 54 times the radius of the Sun that is currently on the asymptotic giant branch. This means the star is generating energy by the fusion of hydrogen along an outer shell and helium along a concentric inner shell, surrounding an inert core of carbon and oxygen. 36 Aquilae undergoes small, periodic variations in luminosity, changing by 0.0063 magnitudes about 11.5 times per day, or once every 2 hours and 5.2 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="2902895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902895" title="18 Aquilae">
18 Aquilae

18 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a triple star system in the constellation Aquila. It has the variable star designation Y Aquilae and an apparent visual magnitude of 5.07. The distance to this system can be estimated from the annual parallax shift of 6.43 mas, yielding a value of around away from Earth.
The inner pair of stars in this system form a spectroscopic binary with a combined magnitude of 5.44 and an orbital period of 1.302 days. The primary component is a giant star with a stellar classification of B8 III. Because the orbital plane is inclined near the line of sight, two form an eclipsing binary system. The eclipse of the primary component causes a 0.04 drop in magnitude, while the eclipse of the secondary results in a decrease of 0.03. At an angular separation of 0.310 arcseconds is the magnitude 6.39 tertiary component. This system has a high peculiar velocity of relative to the neighboring stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2902896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902896" title="James Blair Down">
James Blair Down

James Blair Down is a Canadian citizen who operated a large telemarketing scam with others. On November 7, 1999, the CBS highly rated television show 60 Minutes aired an interview with Martin S. Kenney that was conducted by Mike Wallace as part of a program segment called "Con Man" that focused on Mr. Kenney's firm Interclaim who worked in conjunction with the FBI to attempt to recover millions of dollars of investor funds stolen in the telemarking fraud by Blair Down [http://www.offshorebusiness.com/DDARS/speakers.asp].

</doc>
<doc id="2902897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902897" title="23 Aquilae">
23 Aquilae

23 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It is at a distance of about with an apparent visual magnitude of 5.10. The brightness of the star is diminished by 0.21 in magnitude because of extinction from interstellar dust and gas. The primary component of this system is a magnitude 5.31 K-type supergiant star with a stellar classification of K2 Iab. At an angular separation of 3.25 arcseconds is a magnitude 8.76 companion star.

</doc>
<doc id="2902899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2902899" title="Ann Austin">
Ann Austin

Ann Austin (? - 1665) was one of the first Quaker travelling preachers. She and Mary Fisher became the first Quakers to visit the English North American colonies.
Mission to the New World.
Austin was a resident of London and the mother of five children when she left England with Mary Fisher to take the Quaker message of George Fox to the New World. She may well have then been in her sixties as she was described at the time as being ‘stricken in years’.
They were subsidised in their mission by Quaker charitable funds and first sailed to Barbados in the Caribbean where they were well received and where they converted the Lieutenant Governor of the island to Quakerism.
On 11 July 1656 they became the first Quakers to visit the English North American colonies, arriving at Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony on the "Swallow". There they met with fierce hostility from the Puritan population and the Deputy Governor of the colony, Richard Bellingham, as news of the heretical views of the Quakers had preceded them.
On arrival, they were taken ashore and imprisoned. They were forced to undress in public, and their bodies were intimately examined for signs of witchcraft, Ann reporting that one of the female searchers was "‘a man in womens apparel’". Their books and pamphlets were seized and burned by the Boston hangman. An innkeeper, Nicholas Upsall, offered to pay their fines if he were permitted to speak with them in prison but the magistrates, having ordered their prison window to be boarded up so as to isolate them refused his request, the intention being to starve them to death. Upsall then bribed their warder by paying him five shillings a week to allow him to bring food to the women and so saved their lives. Fisher and Austin were deported back to Barbados on the "Swallow" after five weeks' imprisonment, having been unable to share their faith with anyone except Upsall, who became the first North American Puritan convert to Quakerism.
Fisher and Austin returned to England in 1657. 
The Boston council declared on 11 July 1656, the day of their arrival that:
"there are several laws long since made and published in this jurisdiction bearing testimony against heretics and erroneous persons," and that Ann Austin and Mary Fisher, "upon examination are found not only to be transgressors of the former laws, but to hold very dangerous, heretical, and blasphemous opinions; and they do also acknowledge that they came here purposely to propagate their said errors and heresies, bringing with them and spreading here sundry books, wherein are contained most corrupt, heretical, and blasphemous doctrines contrary to the truth of the gospel here professed amongst us."
On her return from Boston, Ann Austin's ministry continued until her death in prison during the Great Plague of London in 1665. She was buried at Bunhill Fields, London's first Quaker burial ground. It has also been speculated that Austin may have settled, as did Mary Fisher, among the Quakers of South Carolina in the 1680s. 

</doc>
