<doc id="2885246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885246" title="Active record pattern">
Active record pattern

In software engineering, the active record pattern is an architectural pattern found in software that stores its data in relational databases. It was named by Martin Fowler in his 2003 book "Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture". The interface of an object conforming to this pattern would include functions such as Insert, Update, and Delete, plus properties that correspond more or less directly to the columns in the underlying database table.
Active record is an approach to accessing data in a database. A database table or view is wrapped into a class. Thus, an object instance is tied to a single row in the table. After creation of an object, a new row is added to the table upon save. Any object loaded gets its information from the database. When an object is updated the corresponding row in the table is also updated. The wrapper class implements accessor methods or properties for each column in the table or view.
This pattern is commonly used by object persistence tools, and in object-relational mapping (ORM). Typically, foreign key relationships will be exposed as an object instance of the appropriate type via a property.
Implementations.
Implementations of the concept can be found in various frameworks for many programming environments. For example, if in a database there is a table codice_1 with columns codice_2 (string type) and codice_3 (number type), and the Active Record pattern is implemented in the class codice_4, the pseudo-code
will create a new row in the codice_1 table with the given values, and is roughly equivalent to the SQL command
Conversely, the class can be used to query the database:
This will find a new codice_4 object based on the first matching row from the codice_1 table whose codice_2 column has the value "gearbox". The SQL command used might be similar to the following, depending on the SQL implementation details of the database:
ColdFusion.
ColdFusion has an open source implementation of the Active Record pattern.
The ColdFusion on Wheels framework has an implementation of the Active Record pattern. It is open source and has the added advantage of requiring no complex configuration.
PHP.
PHP ActiveRecord is one open-source library designed to fulfill the active record pattern.
Several open-source PHP frameworks also bundle their own ORM implementing the active record pattern. Most implementations support relationships, behaviors, validation, serialization and support for multiple data sources.
Ruby.
The Ruby library ActiveRecord implements ORM. It creates a persistable domain model from business objects and database tables, where logic and data are presented as a unified package. ActiveRecord adds inheritance and associations to the pattern above, solving two substantial limitations of that pattern. A set of macros acts as a domain language for the latter, and the Single Table Inheritance pattern is integrated for the former; thus, ActiveRecord increases the functionality of the active record pattern approach to database interaction. ActiveRecord is the default ‘model’ component of the model-view-controller web-application framework Ruby on Rails, and is also a stand-alone ORM package for other Ruby applications. In both forms, it was conceived of by David Heinemeier Hansson, and has been improved upon by a number of contributors.
Other, less popular ORMs have been released since ActiveRecord first took the stage. For example, DataMapper and Sequel show major improvements over the original ActiveRecord framework. As a response to their release and adoption by the Rails community, Ruby on Rails v3.0 is independent of an ORM system, so Rails users can easily plug in DataMapper or Sequel to use as their ORM of choice.
Java.
The Java language implements the Active Record pattern via the ActiveJDBC library. ActiveJDBC is an implementation of Active Record design pattern inspired by Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord. ActiveJDBC is lightweight, fast, small and does not require any configuration.
Another library implementing the Active record pattern is jOOQ (for Java Object Oriented Querying). It combines active records with source code generation and a querying DSL similar to SQL allowing for retrieving active records using complex SQL statements.
The Play Framework is a Java web framework which implements the Active Record pattern, using ideas from Ruby on Rails.
Other languages.
There are several open source implementations of the Active Record pattern in other languages, including JavaScript (e.g., ActiveJS's Active Record), Perl (), ActionScript, Python, Haxe (SPOD), C#, Objective-C and Scala.
Criticism.
Testability.
Due to the coupling of database interaction and application logic when using the active record pattern, unit testing an active record object without a database becomes difficult. The negative effects on testability in the active record pattern can be minimized by using mocking or dependency injection frameworks to substitute the real data tier with a simulated one.

</doc>
<doc id="2885256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885256" title="Maximum All Saints">
Maximum All Saints

Maximum All Saints is an unauthorised biography of All Saints consisting of interviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2885262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885262" title="Electoral district of Albert">
Electoral district of Albert

Albert is a Legislative Assembly electorate in the state of Queensland. Albert is named for the Albert River, which runs through the electorate and separates Logan City from Gold Coast City. It was first created in a redistribution in 1887 ahead of the 1888 state election and continued to exist (with various boundary alterations) until 1949, when the Darlington and Southport electorates were created. In 1959, the electorate was established again and exists to this day. The 1971 and 1977 redistributions greatly reduced the area of the electorate and minor changes were made in 1991, including the loss of Carbrook
in the north and coastal areas below Paradise Point in the south. 
Its consistently changing boundaries together with its existence in a high-growth area do not provide consistent political leanings over time, although it has shown more inclination towards the Labor Party over time than any other Gold Coast seat.
The present Member, Mark Boothman, was first elected in the 2012 election.
History.
Historically, the Gold Coast and Logan regions were sparsely populated agricultural areas, and the Albert electorate covered the entire south-eastern corner of the state. Its representation broadly reflected the conservative leanings and rural interests of its population, and John Appel, who served in both the Second Kidston Ministry and Denham Ministry, participated in the formation of both the Queensland Farmers' Union from the rural caucus of the Ministerialist party in 1915 and the subsequent Country Party in 1919.
The seat's boundaries evolved thus:
It was split up in the 1949 redistribution ahead of the 1950 state election into Darlington, which included Redland, Logan, Beaudesert, Coomera, Jimboomba and Tamborine; and Southport which was limited to the Gold Coast and its hinterland. Both seats remained safe for the Country Party; Plunkett opted to contest the seat of Darlington.
At the 1960 state election, the fast-growing Southport seat was split into Albert in the north and South Coast in the south. Further urban growth pushed the seat progressively northwards.
Its present boundaries, as at the 2009 election, take in mostly urban, semi-urban and industrial areas west of the Pacific Motorway extending from Mount Warren Park and Windaroo in southern Logan to Coomera and Oxenford in the outer northern Gold Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="2885270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885270" title="Caroline Carver (author)">
Caroline Carver (author)

Caroline Carver is an author. Her debut novel, "Blood Junction" (published in 2002), won the Crime Writers' Association Debut Dagger Award.
Caroline (CJ) Carver's critically acclaimed novels have been translated into over sixteen languages, and published in the United States as well as the United Kingdom.
Current work.
Her latest novel "The Honest Assassin", the third book in the Jay McCaulay series, was reviewed by Booklist in 2010: "Another nail-biting suspense thriller... plenty of unsettling twists and turns, a high-octane plot and a flashy but appealing heroine make this an excellent choice."
The first Jay McCaulay book, "Gone Without Trace", a thriller about human trafficking, has been described as "a terrific page-turner" by Harlan Coben (May 2007), and "an exciting adventure" by the Literary Review (August 2007). In December 2007, the TLS said: "Well-researched, shocking, moving and exciting, "Gone Without Trace" shows that a British writer can take on the most vigorous of the Americans." Lee Child, one of the top thriller writers in the world, commented: "Hard, fast and read — a solid 'A' grade thriller with a tremendous story and a great lead character." (July 2007).
Caroline has experienced thrills and spills herself. In 1992, she took part in the London to Saigon Motoring Challenge, where she and her co-driver were the only all-female crew on a 63-day, 12,500-mile journey. In 1993, she fell into freelance writing and, since then, has worked locally while travelling and writing. She has driven from London to Cape Town and put another 14,000 miles of rallying roads under her belt through South America. She blames her love of adventure on her parents; her mother set the land speed record in Australia and her father was a jet fighter pilot.

</doc>
<doc id="2885287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885287" title="McChurch">
McChurch

McChurch is a McWord used to suggest that a particular church has a strong element of entertainment, consumerism or commercialism which obscures its religious aspects. The term is sometimes used as a derogatory synonym for megachurch.
Definitions.
The precise origins of the term McChurch are unclear, dating back to at least the early 1990s. Prominent media sources using the term include:
While precise definitions of a McChurch also differ, McClory attempted to list the following common elements, which he found at Willow Creek and other similar churches:

</doc>
<doc id="2885291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885291" title="From Our Living Room to Yours">
From Our Living Room to Yours

From Our Living Room to Yours is the second album by The American Analog Set. It was released on July 1, 1997 on Emperor Jones records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885300" title="The Golden Band">
The Golden Band

The Golden Band is an album by The American Analog Set. It was released on July 6, 1999 on Emperor Jones records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885302" title="Know by Heart">
Know by Heart

Know by Heart is The American Analog Set's fourth studio album. It was released on September 4, 2001 and was their first album on Tiger Style Records. The song "The Postman" contains vocals by guest Ben Gibbard of Death Cab for Cutie. Gibbard later covered the song "Choir Vandals" on Home Series Vol. V, a split EP with The American Analog Set's own Andrew Kenny. "Gone to Earth" first appeared on AmAnSet's 1996 album "The Fun of Watching Fireworks". "Aaron and Maria" was included in an issue of CMJ New Music Monthly in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2885306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885306" title="Basilica of San Isidoro">
Basilica of San Isidoro

The Basilica of San Isidoro is a church in León, Spain, located on the site of an ancient Roman temple. Its Christian roots can be traced back to the early 10th century when a monastery for Saint John the Baptist was erected on the grounds.
In 1063 the basilica was rededicated to Saint Isidore of Seville. Isidore was archbishop of Seville, and the most celebrated academic and theologian of Visigothic Spain in the period preceding the Arab invasions. With the agreement of Abbad II al-Mu'tadid, the Muslim ruler of Seville, Isidore's relics were brought to Leon where they could be interred on Christian soil. The tomb of the saint still draws many visitors today. An equestrian statue of Santiago Matamoros is visible, along with many other sculptures, high on the facade.
History.
The original Church was built in the pre-Arab period over the ruins of a temple to the Roman god Mercury. In the 10th century, the kings of León established a community of Benedictine sisters on the site.
Following the conquest of the area by Al-Mansur Ibn Abi Aamir (938-1002), the first church was destroyed and the area devastated. León was repopulated and a new church and monastery established in the 11th century by Alfonso V of León.
Alfonso's daughter, the "infanta" Sancha of León, married Ferdinand, Count of Castile. Sancha's brother, Bermudo III, declared the war against Castile and Castilian troops, with the help of Navarre, killed the Leonese king, becoming Ferdinand I of León. He and his queen gave the crucifix that bears their name to San Isidoro. The church also benefited from its position on the famous pilgrimage route to Santiago de Compostella. Sculptors, stonemasons and artists from across Europe gathered to work on the monastery.
Queen Sancha chose the new monastery as the site of the royal burial chapel. Today eleven kings, numerous queens and many nobles lie interred beneath the polychrome vaults of the medieval "royal pantheon". In 1063 the relics of Saint Isidore were transferred to the chapel, and a community of canons was established to maintain the monastery and ward the relics. The apse and transept of the building are in the Gothic style, whilst other parts of the building are Romanesque or of the Renaissance period.
The basilica is still a collegiate foundation and the canons' office is celebrated each day.
Description.
Basilica.
Built mostly in the Romanesque style, the basilica has had major additions in the styles of many succeeding centuries including the Gothic. The arches on the crossing of the transept hark back to Islamic art. However the many styles merge into a harmonious whole.
The carved tympanum of the Puerta del Cordero is one of the basilica's most notable features. Created prior to 1100, this romanesque tympanum depicts the sacrifice of Abraham,
Royal Pantheon.
This funeral chapel of the kings of León is one of the examples of surviving Romanesque art in León. The columns are crowned with rare Visigothic capitals, with floral or historic designs. The 12th century painted murals are in an exceptional state of preservation and consist of an ensemble of New Testament subjects along with scenes of contemporary rural life.
Museum.
This contains numerous examples of early medieval art including jewelled chalices and works of ivory and precious metal. The library holds 300 medieval works, numerous manuscripts as well as mozarabic bible dating from 960 and a Latin version transcribed in the Seventh Century. There is also a text of the Seventh Century law code of the Visigothic rulers of pre-conquest Spain. The Chalice of Doña Urraca is one of the most important pieces in this Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="2885307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885307" title="Promise of Love">
Promise of Love

Promise of Love is an album by The American Analog Set. It was released on July 17, 2003 on Tiger Style Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885311" title="Set Free (album)">
Set Free (album)

Set Free is an album by The American Analog Set. It was released on September 20, 2005 (earlier in Japan, Europe, and Australia) on Arts & Crafts records. This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2885317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885317" title="Okhtyrka">
Okhtyrka

Okhtyrka (; also known by its Russian variant Akhtyrka ) is a small city in Ukraine, a raion (district) centre within Sumy Oblast (region) since 1975. Okhtyrka is a town of Hussar and Cossack Fame. It is also once was a regional seat of Sloboda Ukraine and the Ukrainian SSR. Since the discovery of oil and gas in 1961 Okhtyrka has become an "oil capital of Ukraine". It is home to Okhtyrka air base, historical and religious places of interest. Population 50,400 (), 25,965 (1900), 17,411 (1867). 
The villages of Velyke Osero (274 inhabitants), Saluschany (28 inhabitants), Prystan (7 inhabitants) and Kosyatyn (6 inhabitants) belong to the Okhtyrka city administration which is designated into a separate subdivision of the Sumy Oblast.
Etymology.
There are many versions of the city's name origin. According to one of them, the most probable, its name descents from the name of river with the same name that flows through the city. According to some local historians, the river's name in translation from Turkic language means "lazy river". In opinion of others, the city's name from the same Turkic language is translated as the "place of ambush", "white fort". Yet the Russian philologist Oleg Trubachyov considered that there is no serious grounds to accept the Turkic etymology and that the river's name "insufficiently clear in origin".
The linguist Kostiantyn Tyshchenko points to the Gothic origin of the name "Okhtyrka".
Geography and climate.
Located in the south of the Sumy region in the center of a triangle created by regional centers – Sumy, Kharkiv and Poltava. The city is situated on the left bank of the Vorskla River – the blue pearl of Ukrainian rivers. 
History and Legends.
Okhtyrka was first established by former Polish citizens who had moved to the Right-bank Ukraine, Sloboda Ukraine and formed an outpost. The town was founded on the site of an ancient settlement of Severia principality that was destroyed during the Mongol invasion. The first written mention of Okhtyrka dates to 1641. In 1647, according to the act of demarcation of borders, Okhtyrka was ceded to Russia from Poland. When Poles vacated the town they destroyed the fortress but it was rebuilt by Orthodox peasants and Cossacks who decided to stay and be with new arrivals seeking the tax free life promised by Russia. Sloboda Ukraine territory at this time was heavily populated (both spontaneous and planned) on one hand by refugees, the Ukrainians from the territory formerly under the control of Poland, and on the other by musketeers and Cossacks. It was important for Russia to have an outpost established in this area, so it supported the settlers by removing tax collections for the time being. Okhtyrka's outpost served to strengthen the Belgorod defense line skirting the southern border of the Russian state in the middle of the 17th century. Being bolstered in this prominent position during the 17th and 18th centuries, Okhtyrka rose to such heights that it rivaled Kharkiv itself. The first census of the city was taken in 1655 by governor of Okhtyrka Trofim Khrushchev, listing 1339 residents.
The coat of arms
The town's coat of arms (blue field, golden cross and shining sun above) celebrates the city's great number of visiting pilgrims. It was introduced by Simon Bekenshtein on September 21, 1781 and reinstated in 1991 by the city council.
Glory in Arms.
In 1655-1658 the Okhtyrka Cossack Regiment was formed and it lasted until 1765, when by order of Catherine II, all of Cossack regiments have been dismantled. In 1709 the territory of the Cossack regiment becomes the scene of fierce fighting with the Swedes. More than a hundred years the Cossack regiment fought against the invasion of the Tatars, and the troops shared not only the bitterness of defeat but the majestic glory of victories over the Turks, Tartars, the Swedes. Later, Okhtyrka's Cossack regiment reformed into the Hussars. Bravery was always of the best qualities of fighters from Okhtyrka.
Okhtyrka Fortress
Okhtyrka, like all of Sloboda Ukraine, had a chaotic structure of buildings. The central core of the city was represented by the fortress, which occupied a dominant place in the strategic sense. The buildings ran around, fitting into the terrain without any order.
Okhtyrka's fort was sitting on a shore of a small Okhtyrka river, where it makes a loop, forming a natural protection. The fortress was surrounded by numerous lakes, complicating approaches to it.
The fortress had the shape of an irregular quadrilateral, and occupied a territory of the present city center, from the river to the area, where there is now "Intercession Cathedral" (outside the castle). It was surrounded by a wooden fence with five stone and fifteen wooden towers and two bastions. The fortress gates had drawbridges. Around the castle there was a moat that was dug and earth mound with caponier at the corners. The water filled moat was giving the island fortress a situational advantage, strengthening its defense capacity. 
The visit of Peter the Great
In the early 18th century warriors from Okhtyrka regiment took an active part in the Great Northern War recapturing the Swedes and Russian lands bordering the Baltic Sea. December 26, 1707 Peter the First himself came to the city to personally verify the readiness of the garrison and hold a council of war. The Russian Tsar knew and appreciated soldiers from Okhtyrka, who have shown courage and perseverance during combat tours.
Hussars
An important role in the fight against Napoleon's troops during the War of 1812 played Okhtyrka Hussars. They participated in the battles of Smolensk, Vyazma, Borodino. For services in battle the regiment was honored to open the parade of winners at the entry of Allied troops in Paris. In this regiment served, as one of the leaders of the partisan movement during the War in 1812 the Russian poet Dmitry Davydov, Russian composer AA Alyabyev. In 1823, the regiment was commanded by a future Decembrist A. Muravyev and Mikhail Lermontov - Russian poet. 
Many people fought and died in WW-I and a lot more in WW-II defending the motherland. The fights around Okhtyrka were fearsome and resulted in having The common grave of Soviet soldiers in the area. The site is known to everyone in the city.
Soviet Times
During the Great Patriotic War (World War II), Okhtyrka was occupied by the German Army from 15 October 1941 to 23 February 1943 and again from 11 March to 25 August 1943. Okhtyrka was near the southern flank of the Kursk Bulge, and fighting for the possession of the city in the summer of 1943 got extremely fierce. That is why the city and its surroundings have so many monuments of the last war: the eternal flame of remembrance in the city park, Valley of Heroes, T-34 tank on a pedestal in one of the city's entrances, the Mound of Glory, etc. After the war, large army garrisons settled in the area of Okhtyrka and the new planes started circling the skies with swept wings. Military parades in the city, arranged on the occasion of Soviet holidays, could compete with the capital due to the number of participated vehicles and machinery of all kinds.
In the last decade of the Soviet Era Okhtyrka has been militarized. It housed many army regiments of all sorts. The Dachny precinct became a home to officers families from all around the former USSR. Many of them served in Eastern Block countries (East Germany, Hungary, Czechoslovakia etc.), took part in Vietnam and Afghanistan wars and served as consultants in Cuba. As USSR started to fall apart all the machinery and ballistic rockets were transported back to Russian territory, however it took a very long time for the regiments to move or to transform. A lot of military personnel or their families stayed in Okhtyrka or still have connections to this city where they spend many years of their lives and that offered them home.
Architecture.
Okhtyrka was the first city in Ukraine to acquire tobacco factory.
The city has a beautiful Cathedral of the Holy Virgin (1753–62) Собор Покрова Пресвятой Богородицы, formerly attributed to Bartolomeo Rastrelli and currently to Dmitry Ukhtomsky with managing architect S. Dudinsky. Its singular architecture is the complex medley of traditional Sloboda Ukraine Baroque with fashionable elements derived from the imperial capital. The interior is decorated with pilasters with Ionic capitals, and paintings on sails. It has suffered during the Great Patriotic War. The restorations started in 1970-1972 but were completed only after collapse of USSR. The construction is unique in its three-dimensional solution and has no analogy in the Ukrainian Baroque architecture. Near at hand stands the Nativity Church (1825), which resembles a palace rather than a church. The cathedral bell-tower was built in three tiers and adorned with statuary in 1783. 
There are many more wooden and brick churches of importance and beauty in the area.
Religion.
On a beautiful hill that locals always called "Monastery Hill", just outside Akhtyrka , nestles a Holy Trinity Monastery (http://www.ahtyr.org/en/history) overlooking yje Vorskla river. It was established in 1654 about 4–5 km north of Akhtyrka. These holy grounds have been practically destroyed during the Soviet era with exception of its bell tower that kept a bit of its structure intact. October revolt, WWII and anti-religious policies of Soviet era played a big part here. It has been reopen following restoration of religious life in Ukraine and Russia, for the 4th time during its uneasy history it enjoys its rebirth. Mostly surviving on donations and on the work of enthusiastic monks and volunteers, with Kiev Church blessings, it has started to rebuild its former glory and already became one of the main religious places for Ukrainian and Russian Orthodox Christian worshipers in the region, becoming a notable landmark in Ukraine.
The beautiful Cathedral of the Holy Virgin and other churches in Akhtyrka serve the growing interest of the general population to religious traditions and Orthodox Christian worshiping.
Holy relics in Okhtyrka.
Miraculous Icon of Okhtyrka
Iconography of Akhtyrka's icon originates in the Italo-Greek art. Usually picturing - half-length image of the Blessed Virgin Mary with folded hands in supplication. To the left of it - the Lord Jesus Christ, crucified on the cross.
The Okhtyrka Miraculous Icon was revealed on July 2, 1739 in Okhtyrka. The image, which emanated radiance, was uncovered by priest Vasily (Basil) Danilov in the grassland of Protection Church while he was mowing. The icon was moved to his home. After three years from the date of bringing it into the house when priest entered the room on the day of the feast of the Protection, he was struck by the extraordinary light of the icon. This has been repeated numerously. The priest prayed devoutly near this icon but never said anything to anyone else. Once in his sleep, the priest saw the Virgin, and heard her command to remove dust from his newfound icon and to clean it with water. On the priests awakening from his sleep he executed the command. The water that he use to clean the icon he left in a vessel planning to take it to the river next morning to empty and to wash the vessel there. Again he fell asleep and dreamed, as if he was going to the river next morning. He heard the voice of Mother of God "Return home and keep this water, it will heal all who suffers from fever." He had a daughter, who long experienced fevers and when he awoke, he gave her to drink this water, and a daughter soon recovered.
Then the priest asked Ioan (John) iconographer to paint damage on the icon. Knowing about the miraculous healing qualities of the icon from the prist, the icon painter washed it with water and watered his son, who suffered from fever, who also recovered. In preparation for the restoration of the night he heard a voice coming from the icon: "Get up! Now is the time return the icon to where you took it. Fix it you can not. " The painter was praying before the icon until the morning, and the morning took it back to Basil, who being convinced of its miraculous power put it in the Protection Church. Fever sufferers began to resort to this icon prayerfully, receiving miraculous healings in great numbers.
The news of the miracles of the icon spread to the Imperial Court. The Mother of God appeared in a vivid dream to the widow Baroness von Veydel, who visited Okhtyrka in 1748. The Lady said to her that her days are numbered and ordered her to give away her estate distributing it to the needy and promised the protection to her two young daughters. Baroness rushed to distribute the property and actually died five days later. The news about this reached the Empress, and Elizabeth took the orphans to the court, raised them and married one of Count Panin, another for Count Chernyshov. Both of them made generous contributions to the cathedral, where the icon remained until the day they died.
In 1751 the Holy Synod decided to honor the icon of Okhtyrka as miraculous. In 1768 Empress Elizabeth donated funds a stone Cathedral of Holy Virgin was erected at the place where the icon was found. The icon was kept in the Cathedral until its abduction in 1903 during the voyage to St. Petersburg for restoration.
It is unknown how the holy icon found its way to Harbin, but that's where it was acquired by S A Stepanov. According to the Harbin Archpriest Nikolai Trufanova, who repeatedly visited Okhtyrka icon in Okhtyrka it was the very icon that gone missing. He confirmed that Stepanov acquired that very same wonder-working icon of Okhtyrka. In the 1950s, the son of Stepanova brought it to Brazil and then in San Francisco, where he passed it to the Committee of the Russian Orthodox youth as a blessing. Then Okhtyrka icon was placed under the jurisdiction of Sydney Archbishop Hilarion (Kapral).
Blessed copies of Okhtyrka icon
The icon of Okhtyrka, which is revered as a healer of many diseases, has being copied with blessing of the church in small numbers that were distributed mainly in the south of Russia, in Kharkiv diocese. One such icon from the 18th or 19th century is kept in Moscow, in the main aisle of the church of Resurrection in the Arbat (ap. Philip) Jerusalem monastery. Okhtyrka icon called "Samara" - the main shrine of Samara Nicholas male monastery.
In 1975, the information that the lost Okhtyrka icon is in San Francisco reached the Soviet Union. In 1995 the Metropolitan Nicodemus of Kharkiv (Rusnak) brought a copy of the icon, and handed it to Okhtyrka St. Basil's Cathedral. In the connection with this event there was a holy procession on the third day after the Holy Trinity with other icons to place Okhtyrka icon into the Holy Trinity Monastery. These holy processions occurred yearly since 1844 on the Saturday of Pentecost, and later the icons were transferred back on the feast of All Saints. On June 15, 1999 Okhtyrka held celebrations to mark the 260th anniversary of the phenomenon miraculous Okhtyrka icon.
List of temples in honor of Okhtyrka icons
Temple in the village Chernetove Bryansk region;
Akhtyrsky nunnery in the village Gusevka Volgograd region;
Church in the village of Akhtyrka Sergiev Posad, Moscow Region;
Chapel at the Republican Hospital in Petrozavodsk;
Akhtyrsky Cathedral in City Orel.
Culture.
People that live in Okhtyrka have origins in different nationalities with the main stream culture being predominantly Ukrainian and Russian, which is widely accepted by all. This is also influenced by Orthodox faith traditions, the surrounding Christian architecture, the religious life and history of this city. In recent years, following the independence of Ukraine there is a noticeable shift to Ukrainian culture. The spoken language is Ukrainian and Russian, or a mixture of both, with Ukrainian language domination.
Celebrations
Okhtyrkivtsi (residents of Okhtyrka) celebrate the Day of the City on August 25, in honer of liberation of this city on this day in 1943 from Nazi invaders; Ukrainian independence day; Patronal feast days; Carnival; A festival in honor of the holiday of Ivan Kupala and many other.
Economy.
Tobacco Manufacture
In 1718 the first Russian tobacco manufacture, which was attributed to several villages (944 peasant households), but it proved unprofitable. And in 1727 the company sold its treasury to private individuals. For the tobacco factory was isolated plantation (50 acres), which were collected at seven thousand pounds of tobacco.
Oil and Gas
Since the discovery of oil and gas in 1961 Okhtyrka has became an "oil capital of Ukraine". Okhtyrka region produces the most oil in Ukraine. 
http://translate.google.com.au/translate?hl=en&sl=auto&tl=en&u=http%3A%2F%2Fgeo.1september.ru%2F2001%2F33%2F3.htm
Other factors
There are manufacturers of light woolen stuffs and a trade in corn, cattle and the produce of domestic industries. The environs are fertile, the orchards producing excellent fruit. Obolon CJSC has a brewery in Okhtyrka producing excellent beer. 
NGDU "Okhtyrkanaftogaz."
JSC "Naftoprommash."
JSC "Okhtyrsilmash."
JSC "Okhtyrsky garment factory."
JSC "Okhtyrsky brewery."
JSC "Bakery Akhtyrsky."
Branch "Cheese Okhtyrsky" PE "Ros"
The current city mayor is Iryna Demchenko.
Sports.
Okhtyra is home to the Ukrainian First League team FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka.
Notable people or residents born in Okhtyrka.
Crimson, John P. - writer.
Batiuk, Nicholas Filippovich - Soviet military commander, one of the heroes of the defense of Stalingrad.
Belinnik, Novikov (1906–1998) - an opera singer, People's Artist of USSR (1954).
Borodaevsky, Sergey - economist.
Gurevich, Mikhail I. - Soviet aircraft designer, studied at the gymnasium Okhtyrka.
Ledenyov, Peter - Hero of the Soviet Union.
Rudinsky, Mikhail Yakovlevich - archaeologist.
Yaroslavsky, Antonovich, Peter - the architect.
Chikatilo, Andrei Romanovich - one of the most famous Soviet serial killer, he studied at the Technical College of Communications Okhtyrka.
Zerov Nikolai - Ukrainian literary critic, poet - a master's sonnets.
Mikola Khvylyovyi - Soviet Ukrainian writer.
Svetlana Svetlichnaya - Soviet and Russian theater and film actress, Honoured Artist of the RSFSR (1974).
Alex Prokopievich Berest - a Soviet officer, a veteran of World War II.
Paul Grabowski - Ukrainian poet, translator, member of the revolutionary movement.
Ostap Vishnya - Soviet Ukrainian writer, humorist and satirist.
Borys Antonenko-Davidovich - Soviet and Ukrainian writer.
Rudinsky Tcherniakov - Soviet archaeologist, doctor of historical sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="2885321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885321" title="Hans Georg Klamroth">
Hans Georg Klamroth

Johannes "Hans" Georg Klamroth (12 October 1898, Halberstadt – 26 August 1944) was, by his knowledge of the plans through distant relatives and his son-in-law Lieutenant-Colonel Bernhard Klamroth, involved in the July 20 Plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
After the bombing at the Wolf's Lair in East Prussia on 20 July 1944 failed to kill Hitler, Klamroth was arrested and, after a show trial at the "Volksgerichtshof" on 15 August, sentenced to death for keeping his knowledge of the plot to himself. He was hanged at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin on 26 August.
The Halberstadt-born businessman was originally a follower of National Socialism and an NSDAP and SS member; he also served as a major in the reserve as an intelligence officer in the Wehrmacht.
His daughter, television journalist Wibke Bruhns (1938– ), published her father's biography in 2004, using letters between him and his father, as well as family pictures to contribute to his story. The book, "Meines Vaters Land" ("My Father's Land"), spawned much discussion. It was translated into English in 2007 and published in 2008 as "My Father's Country". 

</doc>
<doc id="2885322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885322" title="Peter Wheeler (TVR)">
Peter Wheeler (TVR)

Peter Robert Wheeler (29 February 1944 – 11 June 2009) was a chemical engineer from Sheffield, Yorkshire, UK, who owned the Blackpool-based TVR sports car company for 23 years.
Wheeler made his fortune supplying specialist equipment to the North Sea oil industry. After owning a TVR, he ended up buying the company in 1981. Wheeler sold TVR to Nikolai Smolenski in 2004 for around £15 million. Despite his background in chemistry, Peter Wheeler also contributed to the design of TVRs.
Under Wheeler's ownership, TVR moved from cars with Triumph and Ford engines to using the Rover V8, and later the Speed Eight and Speed Six designed for TVR by Al Melling. The cars produced under his control were typically stunning to look at, with incredible performance.
Wheeler died on 11 June 2009 after a long illness.
Evo Magazine's former editor Harry Metcalfe said of Wheeler: "Peter Wheeler was one of those larger-than-life characters I thought only existed in novels. He always seemed to excel at anything he turned his hand to, despite not always doing things the easy way. He might have been quietly spoken but he possessed formidable drive and incredible presence (being 6ft 6in tall helped here), qualities that helped him build TVR into what it was in its heyday."
Speaking to CAR Magazine, Ben Samuelson, who worked with Wheeler for 12 years, said: "They were exciting, challenging and fantastic times. You never got bored – you didn’t know what was going to happen next! There were no committee meetings, he wasn’t a touchy-feely person, there were no group yoga sessions or anything; he was a proper boss."
Even after selling TVR Wheeler was still very much involved in the motoring industry, regularly racing an Aston Martin DB4, and also designing the "Scamander" amphibious car.

</doc>
<doc id="2885325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885325" title="Joe Liggins">
Joe Liggins

Joe Liggins (July 9, 1915 – July 26, 1987) was an American R&B, jazz and blues pianist, who was the frontman in the 1940s and 1950s with the band, Joe Liggins and his Honeydrippers. 
His band was often a staple on the US "Billboard" R&B chart in those years, with their biggest hit being "The Honeydripper", released in 1945. That single topped the R&B chart, then called the race chart, for 18 weeks. More than 60 years later, "The Honeydripper" remains tied with Louis Jordan's "Choo Choo Ch'Boogie" for the longest-ever stay at the top of that chart. It logged a reported two million sales.
Life.
Liggins was born in Guthrie, Oklahoma, United States, and moved to San Diego, California in 1932. He moved to Los Angeles in 1939, where he played with Sammy Franklin's California Rhythm Rascals and other groups. When Franklin turned down a chance to record Liggins' song "The Honeydripper", Liggins decided to start his own band. The original Joe Liggins and His Honeydrippers recordings were issued on the Exclusive Records imprint of brothers Leon and Otis Rene. Joe Liggins' Honeydrippers was formed in the basement of the Los Angeles home of the saxophonist Little Willie Jackson, who co-founded the group and who, at the time of his death in 2000, was the last original surviving member of the Honeydrippers. 
In March 1954, the band took part in a benefit show held at the Club 5-4 in Los Angeles for the wife of Stan Getz. 
Joe signed with Specialty Records in 1950, where he gained more hits, including "Rag Mop", "Boom-Chick-A-Boogie", "Pink Champagne", and "Little Joe's Boogie". His songs were mostly a blend of jump blues and basic R&B. With Roy Milton, he was an architect of the small-band jump blues of the first post-war decade. Liggins often toured with such acts as Jimmy Witherspoon, Amos Milburn and the jump blues shouter H-Bomb Ferguson. His 1950 releases, "Pink Champagne" and "I Gotta Right to Cry," both sold over one million copies and were awarded gold discs.
Although Liggins' success stopped in the late 1950s, he continued to perform until his death following a stroke, in Lynwood, California, at the age of 72. His song "One Sweet Letter" appears on the 1996 Rocket Sixty-Nine release "Jump Shot!."

</doc>
<doc id="2885328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885328" title="Oligotroph">
Oligotroph

An Oligotroph is an organism that can live in an environment that offers very low levels of nutrients. They may be contrasted with copiotrophs, which prefer nutritionally rich environments. Oligotrophs are characterized by slow growth, low rates of metabolism, and generally low population density. 
The adjective "oligotrophic" may be used to refer to environments that offer little to sustain life, organisms that survive in such environments, or the adaptations that support survival. Etymologically, the word "oligoptroph" is a combination of the Greek adjective "oligos (ὀλίγος)" meaning "few" and the adjective "trophikos (τροφικός)") meaning "feeding".
Oligotrophic environments include deep oceanic sediments, caves, glacial and polar ice, deep subsurface soil, aquifers, ocean waters, and leached soils.
Examples of oligotrophic organisms are the cave-dwelling olm, the bacterium, "Pelagibacter ubique", which is the most abundant organism in the oceans with an estimated 2 × 1028 individuals in total, and the lichens with their extremely low metabolic rate.
Plant adaptations.
Plant adaptations to oligotrophic soils provide for greater and more efficient nutrient uptake, reduced nutrient consumption, and efficient nutrient storage. Improvements in nutrient uptake are facilitated by root adaptations such as nitrogen-fixing root nodules, mycorrhizae and cluster roots. Consumption is reduced by very slow growth rates, and by efficient use of low-availability nutrients; for example the use of highly available ions to maintain turgor pressure, with low-availability nutrients reserved for the building of tissues. Despite these adaptations, nutrient requirement typically exceed uptake during the growing season, so many oligotrophic plants have the ability to store nutrients, for example in trunk tissues, when demand is low, and remobilise them when demand increases.
Oligotrophic environments.
An ecosystem or environment is said to be oligotrophic if it offers little to sustain life. The term is commonly utilised to describe environments of water, ice, air, rock or soil with very low nutrient levels.
Oligotrophic environments are of special interest for the alternative energy sources and survival strategies upon which life could rely.
Antarctic.
Lake Vostok, a freshwater lake which has been isolated from the world beneath of Antarctic ice for approximately 15 million years is frequently held to be a primary example of an oligotrophic environment.
Australia.
The sandplains and lateritic soils of southern Western Australia, where an extremely thick craton has precluded any geological activity since the Cambrian and there has been no glaciation to renew soils since the Carboniferous. Thus, soils are extremely nutrient-poor and most vegetation must use strategies such as cluster roots to gain even the smallest quantities of such nutrients as phosphorus and sulfur.
The vegetation in these regions, however, is remarkable for its biodiversity, which in places is as great as that of a tropical rainforest and produces some of the most spectacular wildflowers in the world. It is however, severely threatened by climate change which has moved the winter rain belt south, and also by clearing for agriculture and through use of fertilizers, which is primarily driven by low land costs which make farming economic even with yields a fraction of those in Europe or North America.
South America.
An example of oligotrophic soils are those on white-sands, with soil pH lower than 5.0, on the Rio Negro basin on northern Amazonia that house very low-diversity, extremely fragile forests and savannahs drained by blackwater rivers; dark water colour due to high concentration of tannins, humic acids and other organic compounds derived from the very slow decomposition of plant matter. Similar forests are found in the oligotrophic waters of the Patía River delta on the Pacific side of the Andes.
Ocean.
In the Ocean, the subtropical gyres north and south of the equator are regions in which the nutrients required for phytoplankton growth (for instance, nitrate, phosphate and silicic acid) are strongly depleted all year round. These areas are described as oligotrophic and exhibit low surface chlorophyll. They are occasionally described as "ocean deserts".

</doc>
<doc id="2885330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885330" title="Brookmans Park">
Brookmans Park

Brookmans Park is a village, located in the civil parish of North Mymms, in Hertfordshire, southeast England. It is well known for its varied and interesting local history, including an ancient historic estate that used to exist within its boundaries, its BBC transmitter station, and excellent local amenities. The village website, The Brookmans Park Newsletter has more than 20 complete history books (and 40 in-depth features), as well as a half-hour video about the history of the area. Brookmans Park railway station is on the East Coast Mainline, operated by First Capital Connect.
A short history of Brookmans Park.
1700–1816.
The Gaussen family arrived in 1786 and created the estate that led to the development of the village of Brookmans Park. John Somers, The Lord Chancellor, spent the last years of his life in the village. North Mymms commons became enclosed as organised farming developed.
1816–1880.
Robert Gaussen took over at Brookmans Manor. There was a depression in agriculture after Waterloo. The estate expanded and labouring jobs were created. The expansion of the railways threatened to run through Gaussen's land.
1880–1923.
Agriculture prices fell as did rents. Scottish farmers came south to take over farms. Brookmans Manor was burned down while the family cruised off the coast of the Netherlands. The Great Northern Railway pushed through the estate. Parts of the estate were sold off to cut costs and make ends meet.
1923–1939.
The developers moved in and the village changed forever. A railway station was built and with it shops and homes. The BBC set up its transmitter station at Bell Bar.
1939–1950.
The war years resulted in many being evacuated to Brookmans Park from London, but the surrounding area was also hit. Brookmans School was built as the village grew.
The home of Miss Muffet.
Local legend has it that Miss Muffet was Patience Moffat, daughter of entomologist Dr. Thomas Moffat (possibly Moffett or Moufet), who lived in the area from 1553 to 1604 on a farm. He had invited a poet over for Christmas. During his stay he overheard Miss Moffat tell her father of how she was eating her curds and whey when a spider came down from the ceiling and frightened her. The poet made an alteration to the name Miss Moffat and wrote a nursery rhyme which is now sung by children everywhere. However, the traceable origins of the rhyme are murky, as it did not appear in a printed version until 1805. However, the local connection is celebrated by the inclusion of a spider's web in the badge of Brookmans Park School.
Folly Arch.
A well-known local landmark, visible from much of Brookmans Park, is the Folly Arch which now lies on the road between Brookmans Park and Potters Bar, although originally it marked one of the entrances to the Gobions estate. The remains of a track can still be seen in the fields between Folly Arch and Gobions Wood. The track then passes through the woods, crossing the stream by means of a brick bridge which is now ruined but which was usable as recently at the 1960s. The Folly Arch is said to have been erected by Sir Jeremy Sambrooke, although another story is that it was erected to commemorate a visit of Henry VIII, possibly during the time when Sir Thomas More lived at More Hall.
A local legend maintains that, as a show of extravagance, a farthing was placed under each brick. Generations of local children have tested this legend and found it to be false, but in the process severely damaged the Arch, which was therefore protected by a fence in the 1980s.
There was an avenue of lime trees leading from the arch to Gobions wood, but these were destroyed during WWII by the farmer who owned the fields.
Brookmans Park Transmitting Station.
The village's north east corner is home to the Brookmans Park Transmitting Station.
The Brookmans Park Transmitting Station, situated on the A1000 road between Potters Bar and Hatfield in Hertfordshire, played a crucial part in the history of broadcasting in Great Britain, as the first purpose-built twin transmitter station in the world capable of broadcasting two radio programmes simultaneously when it was completed in October 1929.
It also played a part in the early development of television broadcasting. On 30 March 1930, experimental television tests were made there using thirty-line pictures. These constituted the first public transmission of simultaneous sound and vision in Great Britain. The station transmitted television broadcasts, during hours when BBC radio was off the air, until 1935.
The tower has twice blown down, and according to villagers' reports, it interferes with TV and Radio transmissions, causes automatic garage doors to open of their own accord, and causes radiators, telephones, toasters and waste bins to "play music", sometimes to humorous effect.
Less humorous is the fact that it can interfere with DSL broadband modems, and an additional RF (radio-frequency) filter needs to be placed in the incoming line of houses near the transmitter to avoid high error rates.
Brookmans Park is also home to a busy VOR transmitter, used by airliners arriving and departing London, and affectionately known by pilots and air traffic controllers as 'The Park'.
Gobions Open Space.
The Gobions Estate was an ancient private estate which flourished on merchant wealth near the village of Brookmans Park from the 14th to 18th Centuries. The estate's lands now serve the community as a nature reserve and open space.
It lies close to the Great North Road, adjacent to the village. Its name has varied over the centuries and through many ownerships. Originally it seems to have come from "Sir Richard Gobion who was Lord thereof in the reign of King Stephen" in the twelfth century.
By the 16th century, if not earlier, the place was called More Hall after the family of that name which included Sir Thomas More, and also Gybynnes. It had reverted to Gubbens in the 17th century and Gubbins in the 18th.
The mansion that had stood on the estate for several hundred years, was of such a fine quality with pleasure grounds designed by Charles Bridgeman, that it was visited by royalty, was eventually demolished by Robert Gaussen (because he owned both houses and was jealous that Gobians was better than his other, Brookmans) about 1840. Now, virtually none of it remains, but a few scattered ruins.
In 1956 North Mymms Parish Council acquired the land and the lake now known as Gobions Open Space, rescuing it from potential development. Twenty-nine years later in 1985, householders in the parish subscribed to a fund which helped the Gobions Woodland Trust to buy the large remainder of the estate. The Open Space is now a public nature reserve, open to all.
Brookmans Park School and Chancellors' School.
Brookmans Park enjoys its own primary school, Brookmans Park School, and secondary school, Chancellor's School. Both are popular with parents, both locally and from across the region and are known for consistently high standards of education at all age levels, according to OFSTED reports.
The Brookmans.
The Brookmans Park Hotel was a privately owned hotel situated in the centre of the village, with a pub and restaurant popular with local residents. The hotel was built in the 1930s in a Mason's style with high pitched ceilings, skylights, wood panelling, carved Mason symbols and a large stone fireplace. The hotel was often used for wedding banquets and other local functions. It had six hotel rooms available to guests, making it the only hotel in the area.
The Brookmans Park Hotel was taken over by a national brewery chain in July 2006. After extensive refurbishments it reopened in April 2007 as "The Brookmans" pub and restaurant. The restaurant section was expanded by knocking down the wall between the main bar and old function room; and was noticeably more upmarket than The Brookmans Park Hotel had been. Along with dropping 'Hotel' from its name, the hotel business was closed and a deli business, Oaks Deli, took over what used to be the pool room in the old public house. Prior to having been a pool room, it was a wine bar called "Oaks", perhaps explaining the naming. In summer 2011 The Brookmans was taken over by Peach Pubs and after a refurbishment and menu overhaul reopened in October of the same year.
Brookmans Park Golf Club and Lawn Tennis Club.
The Brookmans Park Golf Club is located adjacent to Chancellors' School, just off Brookmans Avenue. It is a popular golf club for local players, possessing a full 18-hole course, deemed quite challenging by players locally. The East Coast Mainline runs nearby the course, however the railway does not disrupt the ambience of the course given that the nearest point from the golf course to the railway line is well over 500 yards.
The Brookmans Park Lawn Tennis Club, on Golf Club Road, is another popular sporting facility for local players. It possesses four floodlit artificial grass courts, and two macadam courts. It regularly participates in local and regional tournaments.
Churches.
Brookmans Park is in the Church of England Parish of North Mymms, served by St Mary's Church in North Mimms Park. It is served by the Roman Catholic parish of Hatfield which has a Chapel of Ease (St Thomas More) in the neighbouring village of Welham Green. The United Reformed Church has a congregation in the village itself.

</doc>
<doc id="2885333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885333" title="SS Southern Cross (1955)">
SS Southern Cross (1955)

SS "Southern Cross was an ocean liner built in 1955 by Harland & Wolff, Belfast, Northern Ireland for the United Kingdom-based Shaw, Savill & Albion Line for Europe—Australia service. In 1975 she was rebuilt as a cruise ship and subsequently sailed under the names Calypso, Azure Seas and OceanBreeze" until 2004 when she was sold for scrap to Ahmed Muztaba Steel Industries, Chittagong, Bangladesh.
The "Southern Cross" was the first passenger ship of over 20,000 gross register tons to be built that had the engine room (and as a result of that, the funnel) located near the stern, rather than amidships. She started a trend of aft-engined ships, and today most passenger ships are built this way. "Southern Cross" was also the first major liner to have no cargo space, other than for ship's stores and passenger luggage.
Design and construction.
The "Southern Cross" was planned in the early 1950s as the new flagship of the Shaw, Savill & Albion Line to be used on the Europe–Australia immigrant run. However, the ship was by no means a basic migrant ship. When the ship was under planning, Shaw Savill chairman Basil Sanderson came up with the revolutionary idea of placing the ship's engines and funnel aft, freeing the areas amidships (which is generally considered the most comfortable area for passengers) for cabins and public rooms. Sanderson eventually managed to persuade the board of the viability of his idea, and on 16 July 1952 an order for the new all-passenger liner was placed at the Harland & Wolff shipyard.
Although the new ship was designed as an all-tourist class vessel for an immigrant route, she was designed with fairly luxurious facilities for her time. All passenger cabins were air conditioned, fitted with hot and cold running water, and inside cabins had circular lights that were switched on gradually in the morning, mimicking the rising of the sun. However, only the most expensive cabins had private bathroom facilities. The aft-funnel arrangement made it possible to build a large open lido deck midship, including a sports deck area. In addition to the two outdoor pools there was one indoor pool. All inside public spaces were air conditioned, and included a two-deck high cinema (also used as a dancing venue), two large public lounges, two restaurants, a writing room/library and a smoking room. Wood panelling was widely used in the interior decorations, that were made to be light, airy, and modern to be comfortable in oppressive tropical climates.
Externally the ship was of a completely new design. In addition to the funnel being placed quite far aft, the bridge was placed nearer amidships, rather than the usual forward position. The meant the superstructure extended considerably further forward than the bridge. These features didn't win high accolades at the time, a contemporary review describing her as being "not very beautiful, but very efficient", but P&O's famous SS "Canberra" of 1961, ordered one year after "Southern Cross" entered service, was built to an almost identical design though on a larger scale. 
In 1953 Basil Sanderson approached Buckingham Palace, asking if Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II would be willing to launch the new ship and choose a name from a list of suggestions. The Queen graciously agreed, and chose the name "Southern Cross". When launched on 17 August 1954, "Southern Cross" became the first passenger liner to be launched by a reigning monarch.
"Southern Cross" emerged in the new Shaw Savill liner livery of a pale-grey-painted hull and familiar dark-buff funnel with a black top. This was complemented by the innovative use of pale-green 'eau de nil' paintwork for the superstructure.
Service history.
1955-1971.
On 23 February 1955, "Southern Cross" was delivered to her owners. After a series of shakedown cruises she sailed on her maiden voyage from Britain to Australia and back. Taking 76 days for one circumnavigation, the "Southern Cross" sailed from Southampton to Cape Town, from there to Australia and New Zealand, and then continuing eastwards across the Pacific to Europe via the Panama canal. Normally she made four such circumnavigations every year.
The "Southern Cross" enjoyed great success during the early years of her Shaw Savill service, so in the late 1950s a second ship of similar design but larger dimensions was ordered, entering service in 1962 as SS "Northern Star". When she entered service, "Northern Star" replaced "Southern Cross" on the eastwards Australian run, and "Southern Cross" took over the westwards itinerary, visiting the same ports as before but in reverse order.
During the 1960s competition from other passenger liners - and from the jet aeroplane - increased on the Australian run, putting financial pressure on Shaw Savill's around the year service to Australia and New Zealand. In a surprising move, parent company Furness Withy transferred three 20,300grt former Royal Mail Lines cargo/passenger ships to Shaw Savill in 1968/69, each with capacity for 464 passengers. In early 1970, Shaw Savill also acquired the Canadian Pacific Steamship Company's transatlantic liner RMS "Empress of England". As SS "Ocean Monarch", this unaltered ship promptly sailed for Australasia, to undertake two long cruises ex-Australia to Japan, timed to coincide with Expo'70. Upon her return to Britain, "Ocean Monarch" commenced a major refit to make her more suitable for full-time cruising. The now redundant cargo holds and associated handling gear were removed and the after part of the ship remodelled. This work enabling new public spaces and cabins to be built, which would increase passenger capacity to 1,372. Due to extended dockyard delays, "Ocean Monarch" was unable to resume service until October 1971. In the space of three years, Shaw Savill's passenger fleet had increased from two to six vessels, "Southern Cross" being the fleet's oldest.
"Southern Cross" was used for cruising from Southampton and Liverpool to Mediterranean ports from June 1971 onwards. Although her design was otherwise well suited for such duties, the ship was not fitted with private facilities in all cabins, which made her a challenging ship to market. Mainly due to "Southern Cross"'s diminishing returns, after just five months of cruising, Shaw Savill decided to lay up the ship in November of the same year.
1973-1980.
After spending over a year laid up, first in Southampton and then at River Fal, "Southern Cross" was sold to Greece-based Ulysses Lines in January 1973. Renamed SS "Calypso", the ship sailed to Piraeus where she was converted into a dedicated cruise ship. The original interior layout was retained with the exception of the indoor pool, which was replaced by a disco, whilst all interior furnishings were replaced with fashionable minimalist chrome-and-plastic creations, to conform with the then newest SOLAS regulations. Additionally, the cabins were refitted so that all now featured private bathrooms. This meant a slight reduction of passenger capacity, from the original 1,160 to 1,000.
Painted in cruise-like whites with an attractive blue/white funnel, "Calypso" entered service for Ulysses Lines in March 1975, initially cruising around the Mediterranean with Piraeus as the origin. After a few months she was chartered to the UK-based Thomson Cruises, to commence cruising from Tilbury and Southampton. Thomson withdrew from the cruise business in 1976 and "Calypso" returned to Ulysses Lines, who used her again in the Mediterranean, as well as for a season around South America in 1978-1979. Seven-night cruises from Miami to the Caribbean featured from 1979 onwards. At some point, "Calypso" also cruised from New York to Bermuda. In 1980 the ship was renamed SS "Calypso I" and used for cruises from Los Angeles to Alaska.
1980-1991.
In late 1980 "Calypso" was sold again, this time to the United States–based Eastern Cruise Lines, who used her to start west-coast of US service under the name Western Cruise Lines. Renamed SS "Azure Seas", the ship's interiors were redecorated once more to keep in the spirit of the times. In addition a new casino was built in place of the forward pool area. The ship's official passenger capacity was reduced to 821. With her funnel painted dark blue, "Azure Seas" was placed on three- and four-night cruises from Los Angeles to Ensenada and Catalina, and soon became highly popular.
In 1986 Western Cruise Lines and Eastern Cruise Lines merged with their west-coast competitor Sundance Cruises to form Admiral Cruises. No change was made to "Azure Seas"' itinerary, however. In the late 1980s the ship was again refurbished. This time the casino was moved to where the cinema balcony had been, with conference rooms and deluxe cabins built in place of the former casino. She continued her popular west-coast cruises until 1991, when transferred to cruising from Fort Laurendale to the Bahamas. However, in the same year Admiral Cruises was bought by Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. The new owners had little interest in keeping the old "Azure Seas" in service, and she was sold to Dolphin Cruise Line.
1991-2003.
Re-named SS "OceanBreeze" and sporting a new white-funnelled livery with curving blue stripes along the hull, the now 36-year-old ship started cruising on a seven-night itinerary from Aruba in 1992. In 1996 "OceanBreeze" was moved to cruising from New York and Florida. Another change of ownership was in order for the ship in 1997 when Dolphin Cruise Line, Premier Cruises and Seawind Cruises merged to form Premier Cruise Line. "OceanBreeze" was re-painted in the new company's colours, with a dark-blue funnel and a blue-and-yellow hull, but otherwise her service continued as it had before.
In 1999 Premier Cruise Lines chartered "OceanBreeze" to the newly founded Imperial Majesty Cruises. Her old name, crew and hull colours were maintained, only the company name ("on the hull") and the logo on the funnel was changed. Imperial Majesty placed "OceanBreeze" on two-night cruises from Fort Lauderdale to Nassau. The ship proved to be very popular on this route, and later in 1999 (some sources state early 2000) Imperial Majesty Cruises decided to buy her. In October 2000 she was remodeled at Newport News at the cost of $3,500,000 with more up to date interiors. "OceanBreeze" was expected by many to continue sailing until the new SOLAS-regulations come in effect in 2010, but this proved not to be, as "OceanBreeze" - while popular - was actually not at all well suited for the itinerary she was used for. Running a steam turbine–powered ship on two-night itineraries was highly expensive, and an additional $5 million would have been needed to convert the ship to conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act. In addition to this the ship, not having bow thrusters, needed costly assistance from tugs every time she visited a port. When another more profitable lease agreement presented in June 2003 for the MS "Regal Empress", being a less restrictive ship than the "OceanBreeze", Imperial Majesty Cruises decided to sell "OceanBreeze" for scrap. A campaign entitled "save the Southern Cross" commenced immediately thereafter, but in spite of many offers of assistance and months of hard work by an Australian-based campaign team, she was beached on 5 November 2003 at the Ahmed Muztaba Steel Industries yard located approximately 18 kilometres from Chittagong, Bangladesh and broken up for scrap metal.

</doc>
<doc id="2885337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885337" title="Reedham railway station">
Reedham railway station

Reedham railway station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885340" title="9814072356 (number)">
9814072356 (number)

9814072356 or 9,814,072,356 is 99066 squared, and is the eighty-seventh and largest square number using each of the digits 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 0 exactly once .
More generally, it is also the largest distinct-digit perfect power being the 657th such number (). Note that the digital root of both 9814072356 and 657 is 9.
It is the square of the third largest 5-digit strobogrammatic number (99866 and 99166 being larger).
It is also a member of , the sequence of perfect powers where all neighbouring digits are distinct.
All the prime digits are adjacent 7,2,3,5 in a cycle, which is equal to the cycle {2357} of the natural order.
9814072356 is a permutation: of order 10 read left to right, and of order 6 ({9},{8},{2,3},{0,6,4,7,1,5}) read right to left.
In base 2 and 3 its last 6 digits are the same (100100).

</doc>
<doc id="2885341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885341" title="Electoral district of Algester">
Electoral district of Algester

The electoral district of Algester is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland in south-west Brisbane. It includes the suburbs of Algester, Parkinson, Hillcrest, Boronia Heights, Forestdale, Larapinta, Heathwood, Forest Lake, Doolandella, and Pallara, as well as the Greenbank Military Range. It borders the electoral districts of Sunnybank, Stretton, Logan, Lockyer, Bundamba, and Inala. 
The Algester electoral district was created at the 1999 redistribution from the former electoral district of Archerfield, and was contested for the first time at the 2001 election. It had been a safe seat for the Labor Party since its inception, as had Archerfield, but it was won by Anthony Shorten of the Liberal National Party at the 2012 election.

</doc>
<doc id="2885347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885347" title="Glowin' Moses">
Glowin' Moses

Glowin’ Moses was a popular Christian rock band formed in the late '90s. The band took their name from the Biblical story of Moses. The band released four albums during the eight years they were together.
Early history.
The band was formed in October 1999 in Newport News, Virginia as part of the First Baptist Church Music Ministry. Their music is best described as an amalgam of structured pop-rock and freewheeling jam band stylings. The original lineup consisted of Ron Mason on guitar, Michael J. Adams on drums, Ray Fowler, Jr. on bass, and lead singer Nathan "Nate" Milton. In addition to solid musicianship, the band employed the songwriting team of Adams and Milton. Mirroring the songwriting arrangement of the great Lennon–McCartney writing team, Milton and Adams composed over 60 songs during their four year partnership. The band began by playing at numerous churches, youth rallies, coffee houses, & nightclubs. They were a part of various festivals and conferences, quickly garnering local and regional attention for their modern music and stage presence. One of the band's highlights occurred in 2001, when they opened for Christian music legends Petra in Waynesboro, VA. In 2003 another moment happened when they appeared on "The Local Connection". A popular radio show that aired on WJLZ. The show was broadcast both locally and nationally via the internet. The band has released four albums to date (including "Soul Food", which was produced by David "Pic" Conley of the R&B group Surface).
Lineup changes.
Besides their music, Glowin' Moses most notable trait was their ever-changing roster. In 2000 the band expanded their roster from four to seven members. In addition to adding saxophonist Curtis Brown (who had already begun playing with the band in several concerts), the band added "The Philipino Phenom" Alden Lumagui on bass and "Sugar" Shawn Moseley on keyboards. This is the "classic" GM lineup that would remain intact for the next three years. In 2003 the band went through a series of lineup changes. Bassist Alden Lumagui left the band to pursue other personal and musical opportunities (he eventually resurfaced with the band Simple Life). Lumagui was "replaced" by a pastiche of fill-in bass players, including Michael Adams' brother, Brian. The band eventually settled on a steady linuep which featured Michael Adams on lead guitar, Ron Mason on bass guitar and Shawn Moseley on drums. In the Summer of 2003, the band added Shawn Downey as the permanent bass player. But the lineup changes weren't finished for the band. At the end of 2003 founding members Ray Fowler and Nathan Milton both departed the band for personal and professional reasons. Milton eventually returned to the music scene with his R&B/Soul collective, Mosaic. Following Milton's departure, Curtis Brown assumed the duties of lead singer and the band continued to record new music, resulting in the CD "Grey" (which included the final nine Adams-Milton collaborations). In October 2005, Shawn Moseley and Shawn Downey decided to part ways with the band. Brian Adams returned on Bass guitar, reducing GM back to its original number of four members. In 2005 the band also added keyboard player Vladimir Barrios. After a year of being in the band, Barrios left the group to return to his native home of California. In 2007, after eight years and four albums, the band decided to take an "Indefinite Hiatus".
2006 and beyond.
In 2006 the band appeared as part of the The Inspiration Network (INSP) channel program "CATS" (Christian Artist Talent Search) this was the band's final televised performance. In 2007, after eight years and four albums, the band decided to take an "indefinite hiatus". In 2008 the remaining members finally decided to part ways for good, effectively ending the band. Rumors persisted of a reunion in 2009 (10 years after the band's initial formation), but the rumors were not addressed by any of the band's former members.
As of 2010, several members are still in pursuit of their musical ambitions. Curtis Brown plays saxophone in the Michael Clark Band. Michael J. Adams is playing and writing for the Ben Phelps Project. Ron Mason continues to play guitar for First Baptist Church. While many of the members have departed from the band, most of the guys remain in contact.
The name.
The band took their name from a Biblical scripture passage, Exodus 34:29-35.
The passage tells of Moses coming into the presence of God on Mount Sinai.
""29 When Moses came down from Mount Sinai with the two tablets of the Testimony in his hands, he was not aware that his face was radiant because he had spoken with the LORD. 30 When Aaron and all the Israelites saw Moses, his face was radiant, and they were afraid to come near him. 31 But Moses called to them; so Aaron and all the leaders of the community came back to him, and he spoke to them. 32 Afterward all the Israelites came near him, and he gave them all the commands the LORD had given him on Mount Sinai.
33 "When Moses finished speaking to them, he put a veil over his face. 34 But whenever he entered the LORD's presence to speak with him, he removed the veil until he came out. And when he came out and told the Israelites what he had been commanded, 35 they saw that his face was radiant. Then Moses would put the veil back over his face until he went in to speak with the Lord."" - NIV Version
Band members.
The band's original lineup consisted of:
The band's final lineup consisted of:

</doc>
<doc id="2885353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885353" title="Alambagh">
Alambagh

Alambagh (Hindi: आलमबाग़, Urdu: آلم باغ, ) is a settlement located in Lucknow near Kanpur road in India. It is one of the most important residential and commercial area of Lucknow and also one of the densely populated area of Lucknow. Alambagh falls in the Lucknow Cantonment constituency.
History.
Earlier Alambagh contained a palace, a mosque and other buildings, as well as a beautiful garden. Alambagh was converted into a fort during the Indian mutiny of 1857. After the British defeated the mutineers and took charge of the fort, it served as the military command center for Lucknow and the nearby towns.
Present.
Alambagh is towards the north-west end of Lucknow and serves as a common market place for surrounding villages. Farmers from nearby villages visit Alambagh every morning to whole sell vegetables and crops to distributors and local retailers, who in turn distribute the vegetables and crops to retailers throughout Lucknow city.
Transport.
Alambagh has the Alambagh bus depot. It is well connected to other parts of the city by Kanpur road in south , Sitapur road in west and raods built by the state government in other two directions. Autorickshaws and Tempos are also a popular means of transport in Alambagh.
Education.
Alambagh has some of the most prestigious schools of Lucknow.

</doc>
<doc id="2885354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885354" title="California State Route 32">
California State Route 32

State Route 32 (SR 32) is an east–west state highway in the U.S. State of California which is routed from Interstate 5 in Orland, through Chico, through the northern Sierra Nevada, ending at SR 36 and SR 89 in eastern Tehama County.
Route description.
This route is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System.
SR 32 begins in Orland at a junction with I-5 as Newville Road. The highway continues east out of Orland for several miles before entering Hamilton City and intersecting SR 45. SR 32 then crosses the Sacramento River into Butte County. East of here, SR 32 enters the city of Chico, becoming Walnut Street before it becomes a one-way couplet as 8th and 9th Streets through downtown Chico. Shortly after the diamond interchange with the SR 99 freeway, 8th and 9th Streets merge into one road and SR 32 continues east out of the Chico city limits. 
Following this, SR 32 turns to the northeast, passing through the communities of Forest Ranch and West Branch before crossing into Tehama County and eventually Lassen National Forest. SR 32 terminates at an intersection with SR 89 and SR 36.
Different road names include Nord Avenue (Chico), Walnut Street (Chico), West Eighth and Ninth Streets (Chico), East Eighth and Ninth Streets (Chico), Deer Creek Highway (Chico), East and West Sixth Street (Hamilton City), Walker Street (Orland), Newville Road (Orland) and County Road 200.

</doc>
<doc id="2885358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885358" title="A.out">
A.out

a.out is a file format used in older versions of Unix-like computer operating systems for executables, object code, and, in later systems, shared libraries. The name stands for "assembler output" according to Dennis Ritchie in his paper The Development of the C Language.
"a.out" remains the default output file name for executables created by certain compilers/linkers when no output name is specified, even though these executables are no longer in the a.out format.
Use.
An "a.out" format for the PDP-7, similar to the "a.out" format used on the PDP-11, appeared in the first edition of UNIX.
It was superseded by the COFF format in AT&T Unix System V, which was in turn superseded by the ELF format in System V Release 4.
Though Berkeley Unix continued using the "a.out" format for some time, modern BSD-systems have since switched to ELF. NetBSD/i386 switched formally from "a.out" to ELF in its 1.5 release. FreeBSD/i386 switched to ELF during the 2.2 to 3.0 transition.
The "a.out" support for debug information is done through the use of special entries in the symbol table called stabs. The stabs format has also been used in many COFF and ELF variations.
Linux also used "a.out" until kernel 1.2 (ELF support was added in the experimental 1.1.52), when it was superseded by ELF for that platform as well.
Linux's transition to ELF was more or less forced due to the complex nature of building "a.out" shared libraries on that platform, which included the need to register the virtual address space at which the library was located with a central authority, as the "a.out" ld.so in Linux was unable to relocate shared libraries.
The various BSD flavours were able to continue using "a.out" binaries long after Linux was forced to switch to ELF, due to the somewhat more flexible nature of the BSD "a.out" format compared to that of Linux. MINIX 3 switched to ELF in the 3.2.0 release.
Format.
"a.out" executables typically came in one of several variants: OMAGIC, NMAGIC, QMAGIC, or ZMAGIC. 
An "a.out" file consists of up to seven sections, in the following order:

</doc>
<doc id="2885365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885365" title="Los Alamos High School">
Los Alamos High School

Los Alamos High School, often called LAHS, is the public high school in Los Alamos, New Mexico, USA. The school opened in 1946, and was originally supported by the Atomic Energy Commission. It has been academically recognized by "Newsweek", "U.S. News & World Report", and the New Mexico Public Education Department. The school has been visited by two U.S. Presidents: John F. Kennedy and Bill Clinton. LAHS currently competes in the New Mexico Activities Association's District 2, AAAA division for athletics, and has won 98 state championships in the school's history.
History.
Los Alamos High School was the second high school built in Los Alamos. Prior to the Second World War, the Los Alamos Ranch School functioned as a boarding school for wealthy easterners that combined elements of a college preparatory school with a rugged frontier life. In 1942 Los Alamos was chosen to be the site of the Manhattan Project. The US Government acquired the property of the Ranch School through eminent domain, and the school was shut down in 1943.
During wartime, structures in Los Alamos were temporary because people were expecting to leave after the wartime project was completed. In August 1945, following the Allied victory in Japan, it was decided the Los Alamos Laboratory's nuclear research would continue in order to counter a rising Soviet threat. In 1946 Los Alamos begin erecting permanent structures, including Los Alamos High School. Life during the war and post-war transition was difficult for the first students of LAHS. "'were normal teenagers trying to have a normal life in very adverse conditions," said Dan Nelis, one of the school's original students.
In 1946, much of the budget for construction and operation of the high school was provided directly by the Atomic Energy Commission instead of state or local taxes. This arrangement persisted under the Department of Energy and Washington has traditionally paid for a third of the school system's budget. Support from the federal government has been declining and was only 22% in the 2008–2009 academic year.
During the 1960s, LAHS began to attract attention for its consistent academic performance, low drop-out rate, and innovative teaching methods. President John F. Kennedy noted LAHS and other local schools during his visit to Los Alamos in 1962: "I've admired from some years ago, from reading an article about the kind of schools that you run here and the kind of boys and girls that you're bringing up." In 1964, after the assassination of President Kennedy, the community of Los Alamos erected a permanent memorial in his honor at the high school football field.
President Bill Clinton spoke at the school in 1993. In Clinton's speech, he marked the community's technological contributions to national security, and envisioned a new Post-Cold War role for the town in promoting technological advancement and prosperity.
In 2000, two students were slain before daylight on Good Friday while making a traditional religious pilgrimage to El Santuario de Chimayó. On May 10 many students lost their homes in the Cerro Grande Fire. The blaze also devastated the scenic forests and hillsides surrounding the school.
The school was used as a filming location for the 2010 film "Let Me In", the American remake of the Swedish film "Let the Right One In". Students from LAHS and the surrounding community participated as extras in the cast.
Academics.
Los Alamos High School's academic achievements have been recognized by a number of national publications. LAHS was ranked #780 out of 2,000 in Newsweek magazine's 2013 America's Best High School list. Los Alamos High School received "Silver Medal" ranking in 2013 as one of America’s Best High Schools in an announcement by US News & World Report on April 24, 2013. From a review of 21,035 U.S. public high schools, Los Alamos ranked 556th in the nation. Los Alamos ranking was up significantly from the 2012 "Silver Medal" ranking of 638th. LAHS was awarded a Silver Medal in US News and World Report's Best High School Search 2008. In 2005 LAHS was named one of the "1,000 Best High Schools in America" (#649) by Newsweek Magazine. In 1998, LAHS was identified as a top performing public high-school in "Class Struggle", a book by Washington Post education reporter Jay Mathews examining the public education system in America. The strength of LAHS's academic record has been associated
LAHS does not rank students, arguing that a focus on rank by potential universities can cause many excellent students to be overlooked. The GPAs of top students at LAHS are separated from each other by thousandths of a point.
63% of LAHS faculty have earned an advanced degree.
LAHS is accredited by the North Central Association of the New Mexico State Department of Education. The Department of Education frequently awards LAHS with an "Exemplary" rating for its academics. LAHS has consistently exceeded the Adequate Yearly Progress Math and Reading proficiency requirements of the No Child Left Behind Act for its student body at large. However, LAHS has sometimes failed to meet the requirements of AYP due to inadequate test scores among students with disabilities or insufficient participation of Caucasian students.
Curriculum.
The Los Alamos High School has a standards-based curriculum and allows students to develop an individualized four-year plan. Advanced Placement (AP) courses are offered in German, Spanish, French, physics, biology, chemistry, calculus, statistics, English, American history, European history, psychology, and computers. Students also participate in NJROTC, educational work study, a building trades program, an automotive program, marketing and office technology courses, and concurrent enrollment at the University of New Mexico's Los Alamos Branch Campus which is located adjacent to the high school. Students who desire a different approach to education can apply to the School of Choice, a project oriented, cooperative learning, interdisciplinary program. Comprehensive special education programs are available at all levels including work study and vocational training. Work-related courses for credit include student assistant and student intern (stipend), which involve work on campus; MAPS (Mentorship, Apprenticeship, Partnership), which places students in the community (credit only); and Co-op Work Experience, which employs students throughout the community.
Student body.
Los Alamos High School is a suburban high-school serving the entire county of Los Alamos, including White Rock. The median household income in Los Alamos County is $88,870 and no economically disadvantaged students attend LAHS. Elsewhere in New Mexico, LAHS is sometimes characterized as a school for the "rich". Most of the students at LAHS originate from Los Alamos Middle School, the only middle school in Los Alamos County.
Ethnic composition
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
Los Alamos High School competes in the New Mexico Activities Association District 2-AAAA. Since its transition from a AAA to a AAAA school in 2000–2001, the students of LAHS have won over 30 state titles in competitive high school sports. LAHS was honored with the AAAA Girls all-sports trophy in 2000–01, 2001–02, and 2003–04. In 2003–04 LAHS also received The "New Mexico Athletic Director of the Year" award.
Española Valley High School is a rival basketball school.
Cross country.
In 2007, the LAHS Boys Cross Country team (competing as the Los Alamos XC Club) placed second at the 2007 Nike Cross Nationals. The LAHS Boys Cross Country team also participated in the Nike Cross Nationals in the 2006 season. In 2002 the LAHS Girls Cross Country, won the AAAA State Championship with a perfect score of 15 (i.e. their runners finished in places 1–5). The LAHS Girls Cross Country Team participated in the inaugural Nike Cross Nationals championship in the 2004 season.
State championships.
LAHS has won over 90 state championships in athletics, the third-most number of state titles won by any high school in New Mexico.
Music.
LAHS directs several musical groups, many of which are offered for academic credit. These groups include a Marching Band, Jazz Band, Symphonic Band, Wind Ensemble, Four Choirs (2 Women's, 2 Co-ed), and a Symphonic Orchestra. The LAHS Topper Marching Band won first place in their category at the tournament of the bands in 2006 and 2008, swept Pageant of Bands in 2008, won first place in their category at Zia Marching Band Festival in 2009. The Concert Band has taken home state titles most recently 2008, 2009, and 2011. All four LAHS choirs received superior ratings at the District Large Group Festival in 2009
Science Bowl.
Los Alamos High School has an active Science Bowl Club. The club won the New Mexico Regional competition in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, and 2014. Each of these years, the team progressed to the national competition in Washington D.C. In 2012, they became the first team from New Mexico to make it out of the national round robin round, finishing in a tie for 9th.
Mascot.
The mascot of Los Alamos High School is the Hilltopper. Sometimes LAHS students are referred to with the abbreviation "Toppers" or '"Toppers".
In the 1960s the Hilltopper was chosen as the mascot in a vote by the student body. (Previously, the school teams were iconified by a top-hat and gloves). In 1980 a mural of the Hilltopper was painted in Griffith Gymnasium. In this mural the Hilltopper was prominently depicted as a rugged Mountain Man with a walking stick atop the scenic Jemez Mountains that overlook LAHS. In 2004, the mural was destroyed during renovations to the Gymnasium's HVAC system when a series of fans were installed on the gym's interior south wall.
Facilities.
In 2010, construction began on the high school to replace aging buildings at the center of the campus. A-D wings were torn down to make room for a new three-story building. The new main building was completed in late 2011 with classes beginning in January 2012. This is the most recent in a series of capital renovations at the high school including the addition of a new science wing and the newly remodeled R-Wing (formerly the cafeteria). In 2010 Los Alamos Public Schools were commended by Energy Education for their efforts in promoting energy efficiency. LA Schools achieved over a million dollars in energy cost savings during a 56 month period.

</doc>
<doc id="2885367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885367" title="Jussy, Switzerland">
Jussy, Switzerland

Jussy is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland. The historical Chateau Du Crest is located here.
History.
Jussy is first mentioned in 1180 as "Jussiacum Episcopi".
Geography.
Jussy has an area, , of . Of this area, or 55.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 36.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 8.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.2% is either rivers or lakes. 
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 5.8% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.9%. Out of the forested land, all of the forested land area is covered with heavy forests. Of the agricultural land, 45.8% is used for growing crops and 3.6% is pastures, while 5.6% is used for orchards or vine crops. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located on the left bank of the Rhone river and on the Swiss-French border. It is one of the largest municipalities in the entire canton. The highest point of the canton of Geneva "Les Arales" () is located at the far east side of the municipality, near Monniaz. It consists of the village of Jussy and the hamlets of Sionnet and Monniaz.
The municipality of Jussy consists of the sub-sections or villages of Sionnet, Château-du-Crest, Jussy - village, Lullier, Jussy - Les Meurets, Jussy - Grands-Bois and Monniaz.
Demographics.
Jussy has a population () of . , 20.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 16.7%. It has changed at a rate of 10.2% due to migration and at a rate of 5.6% due to births and deaths. 
Most of the population () speaks French (995 or 89.9%), with German being second most common (35 or 3.2%) and English being third (21 or 1.9%). There are 14 people who speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.4% male and 48.6% female. The population was made up of 494 Swiss men (40.7% of the population) and 130 (10.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 481 Swiss women (39.6%) and 109 (9.0%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 261 or about 23.6% were born in Jussy and lived there in 2000. There were 319 or 28.8% who were born in the same canton, while 233 or 21.0% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 252 or 22.8% were born outside of Switzerland. 
In there were 9 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 4 while the foreign population increased by 1. There were 8 Swiss men and 7 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 4 non-Swiss men who immigrated from another country to Switzerland and 2 non-Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland to another country. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 4 and the non-Swiss population increased by 16 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.0%. 
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 30.8% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 57.4% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 11.8%. 
, there were 506 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 494 married individuals, 42 widows or widowers and 65 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 388 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. There were 102 households that consist of only one person and 31 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 405 households that answered this question, 25.2% were households made up of just one person and there were 3 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 107 married couples without children, 138 married couples with children There were 33 single parents with a child or children. There were 5 households that were made up of unrelated people and 17 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing. 
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Crest Castle and outbuildings are listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Jussy and the hamlet of Sionnet at part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 25.08% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the LPS Party (24.2%), the Green Party (16.67%) and the FDP (10.95%). In the federal election, a total of 414 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 57.1%.
In the 2009 Grand Conseil election, there were a total of 723 registered voters of which 340 (47.0%) voted. The most popular party in the municipality for this election was the Libéral with 29.3% of the ballots. In the canton-wide election they received the highest proportion of votes. The second most popular party was the Les Verts (with 14.1%), they were also second in the canton-wide election, while the third most popular party was the MCG (with 13.2%), they were also third in the canton-wide election.
For the 2009 Conseil d'Etat election, there were a total of 726 registered voters of which 426 (58.7%) voted.
In 2011, all the municipalities held local elections, and in Jussy there were 13 spots open on the municipal council. There were a total of 826 registered voters of which 545 (66.0%) voted. Out of the 545 votes, there were 10 blank votes, 47 votes with a name that was not on the list.
Economy.
, Jussy had an unemployment rate of 2.5%. , there were 69 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 25 businesses involved in this sector. 36 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 12 businesses in this sector. 279 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 37 businesses in this sector. There were 517 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.6% of the workforce. 
, there were 212 workers who commuted into the municipality and 368 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.7 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 16.0% of the workforce coming into Jussy are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 11.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 66.2% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 383 or 34.6% were Roman Catholic, while 411 or 37.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 9 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.81% of the population), and there were 9 individuals (or about 0.81% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 7 individuals (or about 0.63% of the population) who were Jewish, and 5 (or about 0.45% of the population) who were Islamic. There was 1 person who was Buddhist and 2 individuals who belonged to another church. 220 (or about 19.87% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 60 individuals (or about 5.42% of the population) did not answer the question.
Weather.
Jussy has an average of 118 days of rain or snow per year and on average receives of precipitation. The wettest month is June during which time Jussy receives an average of of rain or snow. During this month there is precipitation for an average of 10.1 days. The month with the most days of precipitation is May, with an average of 11.8, but with only of rain or snow. The driest month of the year is July with an average of of precipitation over 8.1 days.
Education.
In Jussy about 320 or (28.9%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 262 or (23.7%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 262 who completed tertiary schooling, 40.5% were Swiss men, 35.5% were Swiss women, 13.7% were non-Swiss men and 10.3% were non-Swiss women. 
During the 2009-2010 school year there were a total of 278 students in the Jussy school system. The education system in the Canton of Geneva allows young children to attend two years of non-obligatory Kindergarten. During that school year, there were 23 children who were in a pre-kindergarten class. The canton's school system provides two years of non-mandatory kindergarten and requires students to attend six years of primary school, with some of the children attending smaller, specialized classes. In Jussy there were 22 students in kindergarten or primary school and 4 students were in the special, smaller classes. The secondary school program consists of three lower, obligatory years of schooling, followed by three to five years of optional, advanced schools. There were 22 lower secondary students who attended school in Jussy. There were 54 upper secondary students from the municipality along with 22 students who were in a professional, non-university track program. An additional 48 students attended a private school. 
, there were 201 students in Jussy who came from another municipality, while 95 residents attended schools outside the municipality. 
Jussy is home to the "Ecole d'Ingénieurs de Lullier (EIL)" library. The library has () 12,615 books or other media, and loaned out 11,124 items in the same year. It was open a total of 355 days with average of 49 hours per week during that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2885379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885379" title="Walter Trump">
Walter Trump

Walter Trump is a German mathematician. He is known for discovering results in recreational mathematics.
He has made contributions working on both the square packing problem and the magic tile problem. In 1979 he discovered the optimal known packing of 11 equal squares in a larger square, and in 2003, along with Christian Boyer, developed the first known magic cube of order 5. In 2009 he pioneered work on water retention on mathematical surfaces. In 2010 he placed first in Al Zimmermann's programming contest which asked contestants to find the maximum water retention for magic squares order 4 - 28. This specific work found a more general application in statistical physics with the resulting 2012 Physical Review Letter " Retention Capacity of Random Surfaces" which he coauthored .
In 2014 he and Francis Gaspalou were able to calculate all bimagic 8x8 squares 
Walter Trump works as a teacher for mathematics and physics at Gymnasium Stein.

</doc>
<doc id="2885385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885385" title="Alassio">
Alassio

Alassio is a town and "comune" in the province of Savona situated in the western coast of Liguria, northern Italy, approximately from the French border.
Alassio is known for its natural and scenic views. The town centre is crossed by a pedestrianized cobbled road known as the Budello.
The town has sandy beaches, blue sea, and many bars and restaurants on the sea front. Alassio has also a pier known as "Molo di Alassio" or "Pontile Bestoso" which offers views of the town.
Alassio is situated on the Riviera di Ponente coast, and it has a small tourist port (porticciolo) named "Luca Ferrari". It is also a health resort in winter and a bathing place in summer and has many hotels.
History.
Alassio is thought to have been founded in the 10th Century, in the area of "St Anna ai Monti Church" where a family nucleus first resided, then subsequent members moved in the hilly area of "Madonna delle Grazie" which is still known with the name "Caste'". Here one of the first Heraldic symbols of the town is still visible.
Control of the town was eventually taken by the monks from the island of Gallinara and later by the commune of Albenga. In 1521 a series of defensive walls was built to defend the town from Barbary pirate raids. It was subsequently a possession of the Republic of Genoa and, from the early 19th century onwards, of the Kingdom of Sardinia. It became part of the Kingdom of Italy in 1861.
Alassio became a tourist resort in the late 19th century, thanks to the presence of English tourists.
Heritage.
The English composer Edward Elgar wrote a concert-overture called "In the South (Alassio)" whilst staying on holiday in Alassio in the winter of 1903/04.
Alassio is featured as the location for a holiday in the 1944 film "The Children Are Watching Us".
International relations.
Twin towns – Sister cities.
Alassio is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2885391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885391" title="Welcome to Sarajevo">
Welcome to Sarajevo

Welcome to Sarajevo is a British war film released in 1997. It is directed by Michael Winterbottom. The screenplay is by Frank Cottrell Boyce and is based on the book "Natasha's Story" by Michael Nicholson.
Plot.
In 1992, ITN reporter Michael Henderson (Stephen Dillane) travels to Sarajevo, the besieged capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He meets American star journalist Jimmy Flynn (Woody Harrelson) on the chase for the most exciting stories and pictures. Henderson and Flynn have friendly arguments and differences in the intervals between reporting. They stay at the Holiday Inn, which was the primary hotel for the press in Sarajevo during the siege. After a previous translator proves corrupt and inept, ITN hires Risto (Goran Višnjić) to be Henderson's translator. Their work permits them blunt and unobstructed views of the suffering of the people of Sarajevo. The situation changes when Henderson makes a report from an orphanage located on the front lines (Ljubica Ivezic Orphanage) in which two hundred children live in desperate conditions. After increasingly brutal attacks fail to make the lead story in England, Henderson makes the orphanage his lead story to try to bring full attention to the war.
When American aid worker Nina (Marisa Tomei) organises a UN-sanctioned bus-borne evacuation of several orphaned Sarajevan children to Italy, Henderson convinces Nina to include a Bosniak girl from the orphanage, Emira (Emira Nušević), to whom Henderson had made a promise to evacuate. Nina knows this is an illegal act – Emira's mother is still alive and signed no papers authorising the evacuation – but the orphanage director allows it because of the desperate circumstances. Henderson and his cameraman accompany the evacuation under the pretense of covering it as a news story.
Despite a UN escort, Bosnian Serbs hinder the evacuation at several points along its route. The final harassment is the worst – a group of Chetniks halt the bus, forcibly disembark the Bosnian Serb children and put them on their armed lorry, presumably to repatriate them.
When Henderson finally makes it to London with Emira, Emira quickly becomes a member of Henderson's family in a comfortable London home. After an ambiguous interval of perhaps 100 days, Henderson receives word from his former producer, who is still in Sarajevo, that Emira's mother wants Emira back. Henderson returns to Sarajevo, now riven not only by the siege but also by internal organised crime, and seeks out Risto, who has become a Bosnian-Herzegovinan soldier. Henderson recruits Risto to find Emira's mother. They nearly succeed, but the unstable situation unravels around them and they are forced to retreat. When Risto is killed by a sniper in his own home, Henderson falls back on Zeljko (Drazen Sivak), a concierge at the Holiday Inn who Henderson had helped in previous Sarajevo tours. Zeljko negotiates the streets and road-blocks that lead to Emira's mother. As prelude to signing the adoption papers, she outlines the reasons she wants Emira back. She cannot in good conscience bring Emira back to Sarajevo, though, and she signs the papers.
A running joke in the movie is the designation by a UN official that Sarajevo was only the 14th worst crisis in the world. In the middle of the movie, Harun, a cellist friend of Risto, says that he would play a concert on the streets of Sarajevo once it is designated the worst place on Earth. Though he acknowledges the danger, he claims that "the people will die happily listening to my music." The movie ends with Harun holding a "concert of peace" on a hill overlooking Sarajevo, playing his cello to hundreds of Sarajevans. Among the attendees are Henderson, Flynn and several children from the orphanage. Henderson gives Harun a sad smile; the concert is beautiful, but it also means that Sarajevo had, indeed, become the worst place on Earth.
The closing credits say that Emira still lives in England.
Style.
Michael Winterbottom portrays the events with brutal realism. In the opening sequence, there is a sniper attack on a wedding procession. Other shocking sequences include Henderson stumbling upon a massacre at a farm-house, a Bosnian-Serb officer nonchalantly executing groups of Bosniaks and Henderson's arrival in the immediate aftermath of the first of the Markale Massacres.
This was the first feature film about the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Shot just a few months after the war on locations in Sarajevo and Croatia, the film uses real ruins and war debris to give the film a feeling of authenticity, and many scenes of the characters witnessing and reporting on street carnage were intercut with actual video footage of the events.
Soundtrack.
Two widely known pieces of music were used in the film, among the others. The first one is "Don't Worry Be Happy" by Bobby McFerrin. It was used in ironical sense, since in the background, real scenes of the siege of Sarajevo were shown, with people being wounded by bombs, blood everywhere on the streets etc. The second widely known piece is "Adagio in G minor" by Remo Giazotto, which is based on a fragment from a Sonata in G minor by Tomaso Giovanni Albinoni and has been used in many films and advertisements. House of Love's "Shine On" (Creation, 1987) and Stone Roses' "I Wanna Be Adored" (Silvertone, 1989) were among the hip and colourful English independent rock classics that contrasted sharply with the dark barbarism affecting the people of Sarajevo, in a sense continuing the use of the song in a war movie the way 1960s rock anthems were employed in such Vietnam War movies as Apocalypse Now or Platoon, but updating the anthems to those closer to the era the film is portrayed in.
Award Nominations.
The film made its world premiere 1997-05-09 at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival. It was nominated for the Golden Palm and for the Golden Hugo at the Chicago International Film Festival. It was awarded a "Special Recognition for Excellence in Filmmaking" by the National Board of Review (USA) during the 69th National Board of Review Awards (1997).

</doc>
<doc id="2885392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885392" title="IIPM">
IIPM

IIPM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885394" title="Electoral district of Ashgrove">
Electoral district of Ashgrove

Ashgrove is a Legislative Assembly of Queensland electoral division in the state of Queensland, Australia.
It is located in the northern suburbs of Brisbane, encompassing Alderley, Ashgrove, Enoggera, The Gap, and Newmarket. The electorate also contains the Enoggera Army Barracks and the Enoggera Reservoir, a state forest.
In the 2012 Queensland state election LNP leader Campbell Newman won the seat, and following his party's success in that election became Premier.

</doc>
<doc id="2885399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885399" title="Dennis Lyxzén">
Dennis Lyxzén

Dennis Lyxzén (born June 19, 1972 in Umeå, Sweden) is a musician best known as the lead vocalist for Swedish hardcore punk band Refused. He is currently the vocalist in AC4. 
Career.
Aside from Refused, he has been involved in numerous Swedish bands during his musical career, acting as vocalist, bass player, or guitar player. Since the break-up of Refused, his most notable bands have been The (International) Noise Conspiracy and Invasionen (Previously called The Lost Patrol Band). Lyxzén also runs Ny Våg, a punk record label. He acted as producer of the 2005 self-titled album by Swedish punk band Regulations, which was released on the label.
As a punk rock frontman, Lyxzén's songs are of a counter-culture nature, within line of his socialist political views and straight edge lifestyle. Despite his political views, he tends to maintain a level of lyrical variety throughout his various bands. Lyxzén was voted sexiest man in Sweden in 2004 by Elle Magazine, and is also vegan.
In March 2010, there were rumours that Lyxzén's old band Refused was getting back together after a 12 years hiatus. This, however, was dismissed by Lyxzén as he and David Sandström were busy with AC4.
In 2011, Lyxzén joined The Bloody Beetroots for their Church of Noise tour as a guest vocalist. Lyxzén is also featured in their newest single, "Church of Noise", and the accompanying music video.
On January 9, 2012 it was announced that Refused would reunite for Coachella, Way Out West Festival and Fun Fun Fun Fest 2012. They went on to headline Groezrock 2012 in Meerhout, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="2885400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885400" title="Archaeology (disambiguation)">
Archaeology (disambiguation)

Archaeology is the study of ancient cultures through examination of the artifacts they left behind. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885418" title="Laconnex">
Laconnex

Laconnex is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
History.
Laconnex is first mentioned in 1225 as "Laconay". In 1231 it was mentioned as "Lacunay".
Geography.
Laconnex has an area, , of . Of this area, or 79.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 8.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 10.4% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 0.8% is unproductive land. 
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 3.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.2%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.3% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.3%. Out of the forested land, 6.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 67.1% is used for growing crops and 5.2% is pastures, while 7.6% is used for orchards or vine crops.
The municipality is located in the Swiss Champagne valley.
The municipality of Laconnex consists of the sub-sections or villages of Les Allues, La Grenouillère and Laconnex - village.
Demographics.
Laconnex has a population () of . , 17.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 15.5%. It has changed at a rate of 10% due to migration and at a rate of 5.5% due to births and deaths. 
Most of the population () speaks French (465 or 86.1%), with German being second most common (26 or 4.8%) and English being third (16 or 3.0%). There are 6 people who speak Italian.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The population was made up of 249 Swiss men (40.2% of the population) and 55 (8.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 270 Swiss women (43.6%) and 45 (7.3%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 134 or about 24.8% were born in Laconnex and lived there in 2000. There were 178 or 33.0% who were born in the same canton, while 75 or 13.9% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 139 or 25.7% were born outside of Switzerland. 
In there were 2 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 3 while the foreign population increased by 2. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 3 non-Swiss men and 5 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 2 and the non-Swiss population increased by 6 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.6%. 
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 25.7% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 63.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 10.6%. 
, there were 218 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 283 married individuals, 16 widows or widowers and 23 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 198 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.7 persons per household. There were 47 households that consist of only one person and 21 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 205 households that answered this question, 22.9% were households made up of just one person. Of the rest of the households, there are 48 married couples without children, 89 married couples with children There were 10 single parents with a child or children. There were 4 households that were made up of unrelated people and 7 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing. 
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 22.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the LPS Party (17.21%), the SVP (15.81%) and the SVP (15.81%). In the federal election, a total of 255 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 63.1%.
In the 2009 Grand Conseil election, there were a total of 401 registered voters of which 219 (54.6%) voted. The most popular party in the municipality for this election was the PDC with 22.1% of the ballots. In the canton-wide election they received the fifth highest proportion of votes. The second most popular party was the Les Verts (with 18.8%), they were also second in the canton-wide election, while the third most popular party was the Libéral (with 17.8%), they were first in the canton-wide election.
For the 2009 Conseil d'Etat election, there were a total of 402 registered voters of which 264 (65.7%) voted.
In 2011, all the municipalities held local elections, and in Laconnex there were 11 spots open on the municipal council. There were a total of 448 registered voters of which 255 (56.9%) voted. Out of the 255 votes, there were 6 blank votes, 8 votes with a name that was not on the list.
Economy.
, Laconnex had an unemployment rate of 3%. , there were 33 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 21 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 7 businesses in this sector. 38 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 14 businesses in this sector. There were 275 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 45.1% of the workforce. 
, there were 39 workers who commuted into the municipality and 229 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 5.9 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 28.2% of the workforce coming into Laconnex are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.0% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 9.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 73.5% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 241 or 44.6% were Roman Catholic, while 107 or 19.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 3 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.56% of the population), there were 2 individuals (or about 0.37% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 8 individuals (or about 1.48% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 2 individuals (or about 0.37% of the population) who were Jewish, and There were 2 individuals who were Buddhist. 151 (or about 27.96% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 24 individuals (or about 4.44% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Laconnex about 184 or (34.1%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 136 or (25.2%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 136 who completed tertiary schooling, 39.7% were Swiss men, 34.6% were Swiss women, 15.4% were non-Swiss men and 10.3% were non-Swiss women. 
During the 2009-2010 school year there were a total of 137 students in the Laconnex school system. The education system in the Canton of Geneva allows young children to attend two years of non-obligatory Kindergarten. During that school year, there were 8 children who were in a pre-kindergarten class. The canton's school system provides two years of non-mandatory kindergarten and requires students to attend six years of primary school, with some of the children attending smaller, specialized classes. In Laconnex there were 24 students in kindergarten or primary school and 2 students were in the special, smaller classes. The secondary school program consists of three lower, obligatory years of schooling, followed by three to five years of optional, advanced schools. There were 24 lower secondary students who attended school in Laconnex. There were 39 upper secondary students from the municipality along with 6 students who were in a professional, non-university track program. An additional 14 students attended a private school. 
, there were 28 students in Laconnex who came from another municipality, while 90 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="2885420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885420" title="159 (number)">
159 (number)

159 (one hundred fifty-nine) is a natural number following 158 and preceding 160.
In mathematics.
159 is the sum of 3 consecutive prime numbers: 47 + 53 + 59. Given 159, the Mertens function returns 0. 159 is a Woodall number.
159's Roman numeral is CLIX, which spells a proper noun with multiple meanings.
In other fields.
159 is also:

</doc>
<doc id="2885422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885422" title="Lac du Bonnet Airport">
Lac du Bonnet Airport

Lac du Bonnet Airport , also known as Lac du Bonnet Regional Airport, is a registered aerodrome located northeast of Lac du Bonnet, Manitoba, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2885426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885426" title="Venix">
Venix

Venix was a version of the Unix operating system for low-end computers, developed by VenturCom, a "company that specialises in the skinniest implementations of Unix".
A working version of Venix for the IBM PC XT was demoed at Comdex in May 1983. It was based on Version 7 Unix. In September 1984, Venix/86 Encore was released; it supported a number of early PC-compatibles, including the AT&T 6300, the Zenith 150, the (first) NCR PC, and the Texas Instruments Professional PC. 
Venix 2.0, based on System III, ran on the DEC PRO-350 microcomputer (Venix/PRO), the DEC Rainbow 100 (Venix/86R) as well as PCs (Venix/86 and /286). It was released in 1984. From version 3.0, Venix was based on System V. A real-time version based in System V.3.2 was released for the 386 in 1990.
The last version Venix 4.2.1 based on UNIX System V Release 4.2 (UnixWare) was released in 1994. The workstation system included the real-time operating system, NFS and TCP/IP networking, X, OpenLook and Motif GUIs and the Veritas journaling File System (vxfs). A development system included additionally an ANSI C compiler, a library of real-time functions, GUI development software, real-time development utilities, and selected industrial I/O device drivers.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2885429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885429" title="Trojan Nuclear Power Plant">
Trojan Nuclear Power Plant

Trojan Nuclear Power Plant was a pressurized water reactor nuclear power plant located southeast of Rainier, Oregon, United States, and the only commercial nuclear power plant to be built in Oregon. After sixteen years of service it was closed by its operator, Portland General Electric (PGE), almost twenty years before the end of its design lifetime. Decommissioning and demolition of the plant began in 1993 and was completed in 2006.
While operating, Trojan represented more than 12% of the electrical generation capacity of Oregon. The site lies about twelve miles north of St. Helens, Oregon, on the banks of the Columbia River.
History.
Construction of Trojan began February 1, 1970. First criticality was achieved on December 15, 1975, and grid connection on December 23, 1975. Commercial operation began on May 20, 1976, under a 35-year license to expire in 2011. The single 1130 megawatt unit at Trojan was then the largest pressurized water reactor built. It cost $450 million to build the plant.
Environmental opposition dogged Trojan from its inception, and the opposition included non-violent protests organized by the Trojan Decommissioning Alliance. Direct action protests were held at the plant in 1977 and 1978, resulting in hundreds of arrests.
In 1978, the plant was closed for nine months while modifications were made to improve its resistance to earthquakes. This followed the discovery of both major building construction errors and the close proximity of a previously unknown faultline. The operators sued the builders, and an undisclosed out-of-court settlement was eventually reached.
The Trojan steam generators were designed to last the life of the plant, but it was only four years before premature cracking of the steam tubes was observed.
In the 1980 Oregon election, a ballot measure to ban construction of further nuclear power plants in the state without federally approved waste facilities was approved by the voters 608,412 (53.2%) to 535,049 (46.8%). In 1986, a ballot measure initiated by Lloyd Marbet for immediate closure of the Trojan plant failed 35.7% yes to 64.3% no. This proposal was resubmitted in 1990, and again in 1992 when a similar proposal (by Jerry and Marilyn Wilson) to close the plant was also included. Each measure was soundly defeated by vote margins over 210,000 votes. Although all closure proposals were defeated, the plant operators committed to successively earlier closure dates for the plant.
In 1992, Portland General Electric (PGE) spent $4.5 million to defeat ballot measures seeking to close Trojan. It was, at the time, the most expensive ballot measure campaign in Oregon history. A week later the Trojan plant suffered another steam generator tube leak of radioactive water, and was shut down. It was announced that replacement of the steam generators would be necessary. In December 1992, documents were leaked from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission showing that staff scientists believed that Trojan might be unsafe to operate. In January 1993, chief plant engineer David Fancher, acting as spokesman for PGE, announced the company would not try to restart Trojan.
The spent fuel was transferred from cooling pools to 34 concrete and steel storage casks in 2003.
In 2005, the reactor vessel and other radioactive equipment were removed from the Trojan plant, encased in concrete foam, shrink-wrapped, and transported intact by barge along the Columbia River to Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Washington, where it was buried in a pit and covered with 45 ft of gravel, which made it the first commercial reactor to be moved and buried whole. The spent fuel is stored onsite in 34 dry casks. It was awaiting transport to the Yucca Mountain Repository until that project was canceled in 2009.
The iconic cooling tower, visible from Interstate 5 in Washington and U.S. Route 30 in Oregon, was demolished via dynamite implosion at 7:00 a.m. on May 21, 2006. This event marked the first implosion of a cooling tower at a nuclear plant in the United States. Additional demolition work on the remaining structures continued through 2008. The central office building and the reactor building were demolished by Northwest Demolition and Dismantling in 2008. Remaining are five buildings: two warehouses, a small building on the river side, a guard shack, and offices outside the secured facility. It is expected that demolition of the plant will cost approximately $230,000,000. This cost includes the termination of the plant possession-only license, conventional demolition of the building and continuing cost for storage of used nuclear fuel.
Heliport.
Trojan Heliport is a 60 x 60 ft. (18 x 18 m) private turf heliport located at the power plant.

</doc>
<doc id="2885436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885436" title="Alexisbad">
Alexisbad

Alexisbad is a small spa town of Germany, in the municipality of Harzgerode, and the district of Harz, Saxony-Anhalt, lying in the outskirts of the Harz Mountains, 1000 ft. above sea level. It has its own station on the narrow-gauge steam railway from Gernrode to Harzgerode (part of the Selke Valley Railway). Population: 42. 
Alexisbad is celebrated for its medicinal waters, of which the Alexisbrunnen, an iron-rich spring, is used for drinking water, while the Selkebrunnen supplies the baths, which are of use in feminine disorders. It was founded in 1810 by Duke Alexius of Anhalt-Bernburg, and became fashionable in the late 19th century.
Tourism.
The economy of the village is dominated by tourism. There are several hotels, pensions and restaurants. Hiking trails lead into the attractive local countryside. Typical destinations are the:

</doc>
<doc id="2885438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885438" title="Curfew (song)">
Curfew (song)

"Curfew" is a song by Drive, released as their first and only single in 1993. The lead vocals were by Julienne Davis and it featured Melanie Blatt, who later became known as a member of All Saints, under the name Melanie Guillaume. The single was released both in the United Kingdom and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2885443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885443" title="Philo Wallace">
Philo Wallace

Philo Alphonso Wallace (born 2 August 1970 in Haynesville) is a Barbadian cricketer who played for the West Indies.
Having first attempted to get into cricket in 1990, he made the big time in 1997–98 after hitting 198 runs in two Test matches. He formed an opening partnership with Guyanese batsman Clayton Lambert that for a brief period was hailed as a possible successor to the legendary Greenidge/Haynes partnership that dominated the 1980s. It was not to be, though, and by the end of the West Indies' ill-fated tour to South Africa in late 1998, both Wallace and Lambert had been discarded from future selection. Unusually, Wallace was able to take a catch in all 7 of the Test matches that he played in.
At one point in his career he played as captain, but he was omitted from the squad in the 2003–04 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2885444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885444" title="Richard A. White">
Richard A. White

Richard A. White is an American public transportation official who served as the CEO and General Manager of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority during 1996–2006. Prior to joining WMATA as CEO, he served as the general manager at Bay Area Rapid Transit in the San Francisco area. White also spent six years with the federal Urban Mass Transit Administration, which is now the Federal Transit Administration. White is from Massachusetts.
Career.
New Jersey Transit.
From 1981 to 1991, White worked for New Jersey Transit.
BART.
In 1991, White was hired as BART's deputy general manager and became BART's general manager in April 1994 after Frank Wilson vacated the post to become New Jersey's transportation commissioner. When White left BART, his annual salary was about $141,000 per year, not including benefits that increased his total compensation per year to about $180,000.
White inherited an agency with fractious labor relations. Union officials often criticized White's predecessor, Frank Wilson, as autocratic, arrogant, and distrustful of the rank-and-file.
Just months after he assumed the helm in 1994, union members threatened to strike. Governor Pete Wilson imposed a 30-day cooling-off period in July, and the period was later extended to sixty days by a Contra Costa County Superior Court order. Management and members of the unions, which included the Service Employees International Union Local 790 and the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1555, disgareed over a proposed contract provision that would have allowed management to transfer workers anywhere within the system. The two sides also disagreed over pay provisions.
During the dispute White revealed his temper in public: "BART's top administrator yesterday angrily told union negotiators, 'It's time for a reality check.'" White asserted that "The issue is money" and that the members of ATU Local 1555 were engaged in "a campaign of misinformation and a lack of honesty" designed to make people believe the primary root of the dispute was work rules. "We have been as flexible and creative as we can...but this hardly resembles a good faith effort," White said.
A strike was averted in late September when workers approved new contracts.
White pushed through a three-year, 45-percent fare increase, the largest cumulative increase in the agency's history. The increase was part of a 10-year, $1-billion program of capital investment.
WMATA.
In 1996, White became general manager of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority after Lawrence G. Reuter left to take the top job at the MTA New York City transit system. White was chosen from a field of over 60 candidates, and three other finalists, when he became general manager at WMATA. WMATA was a much larger agency than BART: when White assumed the job, WMATA had over 7,000 employees and a $750 million operating budget. In contrast, BART had about 3,000 workers and a $270 million budget. When WMATA hired White, his total compensation was about $200,000 per year.
A string of incidents in 2004–2005 and complaints of mismanagement at WMATA, however, eventually led to his dismissal on January 11, 2006. White stepped down on February 16, 2006 and was replaced by Dan Tangherlini, as interim CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="2885451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885451" title="Alfur people">
Alfur people

Alfur people, Alfurs, Alfuros, Alfures, Alifuru or Horaforas (Dutch = "Alfoeren") is a broad term recorded at the time of the Portuguese seaborne empire to refer all the non-Muslim, non-Christian peoples living in inaccessible areas of the interior in the eastern portion of Maritime Southeast Asia.
Etymology.
Several origins for the term Alfur have been proposed, including from Spanish, Portuguese, and even Arabic. The most likely hypothesis however is that it originated from Tidorese "halefuru", a compound composed of the stems "hale" "land" and "furu" "wild, savage". From Tidore it was adopted and used by Malay traders and the Portuguese, Spanish and Dutch adventurers and colonists who came to the Spice Islands. 
The term referred to certain lands and their inhabitants that were considered "wild", "untamed" or "pagan", particularly in regions that fell under the influence of Tidore and neighboring Ternate. The term was thus especially used of peoples in the Maluku Islands (Halmahera, Seram, and Buru among others) and nearby areas of northern and central Sulawesi. Until the 1900s even Papuans were also often called "Alfur". In 1879 Van Musschenbroek, former Resident of Menado, described the use of the term in the following way: 
As with the so-called Indians of North America, the various peoples collectively referred to as Alfurs were not culturally homogeneous. The term Alfur is thus generally claimed to be of no ethnological value, and shortly after the turn of the 20th century it practically disappeared from Dutch administrative and academic writings. The word "Alfuren" continued to be used by German anthropologist Georg Friederici in his works. He used it in a more specific manner to refer to the aborigines or early inhabitants of Maluku, and by extension to those from the island of Sulawesi.
Present-day use.
Following increased awareness and respect for indigenous peoples and their ways, the term Alfurs is used nowadays without derogatory meaning. In present-day publications like guide books "Alfur" is included as a generic name for the indigenous people living in forest areas of the larger islands of the Maluku, like Halmahera, Buru or Seram.
Culture.
Generally these people keep their traditional self-sufficient ways in matters of social organization, food and dress. The women often wear a characteristic funnel-shaped basket like a backpack. 
Alfur people usually have little contact with the more urbanized society of coastal towns, which includes the transmigrasi settlers. The Alfur retained a custom of headhunting until the 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="2885462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885462" title="Alter Road">
Alter Road

Alter Road is a north-south thoroughfare of approximately four miles length on the east side of the city of Detroit, Michigan. 
History.
Although Alter Road itself is completely within the Detroit city limits, nevertheless it is a symbolic dividing line between the predominantly African-American City of Detroit and the predominantly Caucasian City of Grosse Pointe Park.
Like 8 Mile Road, another well-known thoroughfare of political, ethnic and economic demarcation in metropolitan Detroit, Alter Road has long been considered something of a "Berlin Wall" to separate communities. In fact, quite literally, there are places at which concrete barriers have actually been erected so as to reduce interaction between the two cities. A prime example would be the intersection of Alter and Goethe, just south of Mack Avenue, at which—right where the City of Grosse Pointe Park's corporate limit commences—that municipality has closed off Goethe to thwart both vehicular and pedestrian movement. Another example—although less physically imposing—would be the closing off of St. Paul Street (known as "Brooks" on the Detroit side of the border) to vehicles at the alley separating Alter Road with Wayburn Avenue. And along nearby Mack Avenue—another boundary between the two municipalities—the City of Grosse Pointe Park has likewise made some of its intersecting north-south side streets inaccessible to vehicles, so as to reduce the potential for criminal activity, with the intersection of Mack and Wayburn Avenues in Grosse Pointe Park constituting a prominent example.
In his 1985 book, "Crabgrass Frontier: The Suburbanization of the United States", author Kenneth T. Jackson describes Alter Road as "he most conspicuous city-suburban contrast in the United States...".
And in reference not only to Alter Road, but in general to all thoroughfares which separate the City of Detroit from its suburbs, author Tamar Jacoby, in her 1998 book "Someone Else's House: America's Unfinished Struggle for Integration" declares: "Eight Mile Road, Alter Road, Telegraph Road and Tireman Avenue; though originally arbitrary—lines on a map—the boundary between Detroit and its suburbs had become a chasm between two social classes. In some places, usually where the road was wide, it divided slum from new, upscale housing development. At other spots, once similar houses on either side of the street now looked like pictures before and after a natural disaster."
As reported in the Detroit News of October 30, 2005, former Secretary of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and former Mayor of San Antonio, Texas, Henry Cisneros, stated: "There is the perception that all the rich people live in Grosse Pointe and all the poor people live in Detroit, and Alter Road is the dividing line that not only denotes the physical border, but also a social border."
The four-mile (6 km) stretch of Alter Road provides some contrasts of its own. At its southernmost, below Jefferson Avenue, are generally well-kept dwellings and the pleasant Mariner Park which hosts a still-functioning lighthouse—that being the Windmill Point Lighthouse. At one time, a major medical facility was located nearby at the "foot" of Alter Road called "Marine Hospital." This particular section of Alter Road parallels the narrow Fox Creek and it is at this southern end that Alter Road leads to the Detroit River and to the southern starting point for Lake St. Clair, with Canada's Peche Island nearby.
North of Jefferson Avenue, however, Alter Road is quite blighted—as is much of the City of Detroit. However, Alter Road's northernmost blocks, between Warren Avenue and Chandler Park Drive—most especially its intersection with the meandering Outer Drive—offer a somewhat in-between of the two extremes. In the blocks of Alter Road north of Mack Avenue, a few new houses have been built, replacing older ones which had been demolished.
Up until the late 1960s, there was little visible difference between Alter Road, and the streets immediately west of it inside the Detroit city limits, as compared with the streets immediately east of it inside the Grosse Pointe Park city limits. The southeastern corner of Detroit was majority Caucasian at the time (as was Detroit as a whole) and did not suffer the urban decay which currently plagues much of Detroit. If a motorist or pedestrian had crossed the city limits back in those days, he or she might not have even noticed exiting one municipality and entering the other.
There is speculation that during the early development of the City of Detroit, Alter Road became a municipal boundary because it was the farthest point that the Detroit Fire Department was able to offer coverage. This may well have been one of several reasons that Grosse Pointe Park then developed as a separate municipality.
In popular culture.
The Florida-based, and internationally-known, hard rock band Alter Bridge takes its name from guitarist Mark Tremonti's childhood experiences growing up in Grosse Pointe Park. For many years, there has been a small bridge at the intersection of Alter and Riverside Boulevard (just south of Windmill Point Drive and over Fox Creek); as a child, Tremonti was forbidden to venture past that bridge, leaving the safety of Grosse Pointe Park and delving into the dangers lurking in the City of Detroit.
Author Doug Tanoury has published a poem—on the internet—about this thoroughfare entitled, simply enough, "Alter Road."
In 2003, the NBC television network bought a script for a new drama to have been entitled "Alter Road," a series pilot created by former Detroit journalist and author Lowell Cauffiel. David Schwimmer's Dark Harbor Productions was executive producer of the project which was to have been produced at Universal Media Studios in Los Angeles County, California, and which was to have revolved around two families separated by race and class along the Detroit-Grosse Pointe Park boundary. In the end, the pilot was not picked up by the network. Consequently, the project did not advance to series, or even to mini-series, status.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2885471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885471" title="Rawalakot">
Rawalakot

Rawalakot (), is a town in Azad Kashmir, and is the district headquarters of Poonch Division and Poonch District. It is in a beautiful valley surrounded by hills.
Location.
Rawalakot is located at Latitude 33°51'32.18"N, Longitude 73° 45'34.93"E and an Elevation of 5374 feet. Rawalakot is approximately from Kohala, Pakistan and about from the city of Rawalpindi. It is linked with Rawalpindi and Islamabad via Goyain Nala and Tain roads. Via Kotli Satiyan and Kahuta.It is also linked with Rawalpindi via Sudhnuti.
Suburbs.
Surrounding villages of Rawalakot are Pachiot, '
Rawalakot is surrounding by many villages Tain, Dera Sadozai. =====
Transport.
Travel routes.
Construction of the Ghazi-i-Millat road (also known as Guoien Nulla road ) between Rawalakot and Azad Pattan has considerably reduced travel times, it is main road which is connecting Islamabad/Rawalpindi with Rawalakot city. A bus across the LOC, the Poonch-Rawalakot bus has helped to re-establish ties across the border.
Road links.
The road passing through Jalooth-Paniola connects Rawalakot to Bagh and Muzaffarabad. The other road that passes through Mohri Farman Shah, Shuja Abad is the shortest possible road link that connects Rawalakot city with Bagh. Murree, Islamabad and Rawalpindi are in a southward direction from Rawalakot. The town has another road link with Kotli.
Rawalakot Airport is non-operational, as there is no demand for the air service provided by Pakistan International Airlines. The airport has been closed since 1998.
Climate.
Rawalakot features a subtropical highland climate (Cwa) under the Köppen climate classification due to high altitude. Rawalakot has mild to warm temperatures during the spring and autumn, humid temperatures during summer and cold to snowy during the winter. The temperature can rise as high as during the mid-summer months and drop below during the winter months. Snowfall can occur in December and January, while most rainfall occurs during the monsoon season stretching from July to September.
Economy.
Subsistence level farming for corn and wheat is conducted in and around Rawalakot. Some level of vegetable farming including tomatoes and Spinach are grown as well. The largest industry for Rawalakot is the harvesting of Poplar trees, which are harvested and transported to Pakistan for manufacture of sporting goods.
Government employment is a major sector for employment, however, a large section of the population is dependent upon remittances from over seas workers who send money to their relative in Azad Kashmir.
Due to lack of opportunity, most citizens of Poonch, including Rawalakot are looking for ways to get employment in other countries. Moreover, it is not uncommon for qualified youth from the city to find employment in larger cities like Rawalpindi/Islamabad and Peshawar.
Demography.
Rawalakot and its surrounding areas have a population of over 500,000. Its population includes overwhelming majority of SADOZAI Sudhans, And Awans 
And then Rajpoot (Bhatti)'s Khawajgan (Mir,Butt), 
, Abbasis, Kianis, Sheikh's, Syeds Gardezis,MUGHAL (Douli,Mirza, Maldial, Baig,chughtai & Hotil or HOTI largest Mughal tribe in BANGUIN and many others. There is also a significant number of people from other regions who live in Rawalakot for sake of employment in the government sector.
Rawalakot-Poonch Trade Route & Bus Service.
Pakistan and India agreed to facilitate travel between the two parts of disputed Jammu and Kashmir by providing entry permits to divided Kashmiri families to travel across the Line of Control (LOC). Thousands of divided families are living on either side of the LOC since 1948 after a cease fire line was drawn which divides Kashmir between Azad Kashmir and Indian Kashmir. The cease fire line was turned into the Line of Control (LOC) after the Simla Agreement between India and Pakistan in 1972. Both countries started bus services between the two Kashmirs in April 2005 for families to reunite and truck service in October 2008, for businesses to flourish. The Poonch-Rawalakot bus service was started on 20 June 2006 through Tatrinote and Chakan Da Bagh point. A total of 87 persons on first day crossed the Chakan Da Bagh point on foot after coming on board the two buses on either side.
Communications.
Two privately owned cable television systems are available in Rawalakot, which carry Pakistani and international television programs. In addition, A local FM radio station named Voice of Kashmir FM 105 is also functioning in the area. This radio station is part of a network of three radio channels. The other two channels are VOK FM 105.6 (Bagh) and VOK FM 105.4 (Muzaffarabad).
Cell phone services are also available in this region. They include major cell phone operators: Zong, Mobilink, Ufone, Warid Pakistan, Telenor and SCOM. PTCL Wireless telephone service is also available here.
SCO-the local phone company is operated by Pakistan Army.
This telecom provider is responsible to provide landline telephone network with minority shares of other operators. All major mobile phone companies operating in Pakistan provide service in Rawalakot. Broadband internet access is available from DSL. WiFi hotspots are also available to a very limited areas that include some parts of Rawalakot city, Dehra & Kharick.
2005 Kashmir earthquake.
On Saturday, October 8, 2005 a 7.6 magnitude earthquake killed 73,338 people and left up to three million homeless in Pakistan, including Azad Kashmir.
The city of Rawalakot, the capital of the Poonch, suffered significant damage from the 2005 Kashmir earthquake; although most of the buildings were left standing, many of them were rendered uninhabitable, and some of the population was left homeless. Most of the buildings have been reconstructed.
Education.
In addition to the Agriculture University of Azad Kashmir, Rawalakot has a Government College for men and women, numerous higher secondary schools/high schools, and a number of private schools. During the earthquake of October 8, 2005, many degree colleges were badly damaged. Most have been rebuilt so for.
Rawalakot Turkey College for Girls.
The Rawalakot Turkey College for Girls has been established in Rawalakot to replace the Post-Graduate College for Girls, located at Kharick, which faced severe destruction in the October 2005 earthquake.
Through a joint organization of IHLAS Media Holding of Germany and DITIB (Religious Affairs of Turkish Islamic Union Germany), the Government of Turkey took on the task for the construction of Rawalakot Post-Graduate Girls College with the Earthquake Relief and Rehabilitation Authority. The reconstruction effort was later joined by the Turkish Islamic Union of Netherlands, which participated through donations of Basic Health Unit facilities to the said school.
The design, construction, decoration and landscaping of the school have been carried out by Turcon Private Limited. A geological survey of the land led to the decision of construction limited to two floors. In a campus-wise set-up, all the buildings have been scattered in a area.
The educational facilities include 30 classrooms, five laboratories, a gymnasium, hostel, lodging for teachers, principal’s house, BHU, mosque, multipurpose hall, and an administration block. A total of 14 buildings exceeding a covered area of have been built for the school.
Basic amenities such as computers, television sets, music system, sofa sets, beds, mattresses and blankets for teachers and students have been arranged for with the help of donors. Thousands of trees and flowers have also been planted for landscaping.
Construction was done using conventional methods. Both ends of the buildings have been strengthened through shear walls, providing an earthquake-proof structure to ensure safety of the children. The materials used in construction are the same as in the developed countries.
Lightweight insulated shingle roof material has been imported and used for the first time in Pakistan for added comfort. Well-insulated U-PVC type windows have also been used.
Culture.
Rawalakot has no theatres; however, the university does have some cultural events.
Media.
Daily Dharti Rawalakot is an Urdu language news paper published from Rawalakot.Join Hands is also published from Rawalakot. Daily newspapers from Pakistan are available in English as well as Urdu. Voice of Kashmir FM 105 Rawalakot. Icon Network Cable Television and Satellite Television Service is widely available.
Parhari writers include Muhammad Sagheer Khan, Liaqet Laiq and Hameed Kamran. a Pakistani TV drama director Nadeem Siddique and Sheeraz Kashmiri Author and Journalist also belongs to Rawalakot
Tourism.
Banjosa and Toli pir two popular tourism destination in Azad Kashmir are in this area. Rawalakot Airport situated in Chak Dhamni has great attraction for tourist. Lodges, government-owned and private guest houses, and hotels are available in different parts of Rawalakot. Attractions include: mountain-based adventure tourism, rock climbing, mountaineering, trekking, summer camping and hiking, water-based adventure tourism, and paragliding.
Shopping.
Rawalakot has a downtown area, which consists of shops selling everything from groceries to electronic goods.

</doc>
<doc id="2885474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885474" title="Bowling (album)">
Bowling (album)

Bowling is the second studio album of the Finnish jazz group U-Street All Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="2885483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885483" title="Jean Asselborn">
Jean Asselborn

Jean Asselborn (born 27 April 1949) is a Luxembourgish politician who has served in the government of Luxembourg as Minister for Foreign Affairs and Immigration since 2004. He also served as Deputy Prime Minister from 2004 to 2013, under Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker.
Born at Steinfort, Jean Asselborn obtained a "diplôme de fin d’études secondaires" from the Athénée de Luxembourg in 1976. In October 1981, he was awarded a master’s degree in private judicial law from the University Nancy II. He became Mayor of Steinfort in 1982 and served in that position until 2004. He was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg in 1984, and in 1989 he became head of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party parliamentary group. He was Vice-President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1999 to 2004. He was also the President of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party, the second-largest political party in the Grand Duchy, from 1997 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2885485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885485" title="Algidus Mons">
Algidus Mons

The Algidus Mons is the eastern rim of the dormant Alban Volcano in the Alban Hills, about southeast of Rome, Italy. The ridge is traversed by a narrow crevasse called "la Cava d'Aglio". It was the site of the ancient Roman Battle of Mons Algidus.
"La Via Latina", a road that was strategically advantageous in the military history of Rome, leads to the Algidus Mons mountain pass. Dionysius of Halicarnassus claimed that a town was founded on the mountain (Dion. Halic. x. 21, xi. 3), but this has not been verified by modern scholarship. Although an extensive fortification lines the "Maschio d'Ariano" (the hill to the south of the Via Latina), this particular structure was entirely medieval, and therefore did not exist during the time period described by Dionysius. However, some historical topographers have mistakenly included it on maps meant to illustrate Italy during the Western Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="2885493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885493" title="Wendy Makkena">
Wendy Makkena

Wendy Makkena (born October 4, 1958) is an American actress.
Career.
Born in Manhattan, she started her acting career in 1986 and appeared in the TV show "Santa Barbara". She later landed her first movie role in "Eight Men Out". She has made various guest or recurring roles on such television shows as "Law & Order", "Monsters", "NYPD Blue", "House", and "NCIS".
In 1992 she landed a supporting role in the popular movie "Sister Act" as the shy but talented singing nun Sister Mary Robert, a role she reprised in "" the following year. She appeared in various other television roles until 1997, when she starred in "Air Bud", followed by the independent film "Finding North". She continued appearing on television shows such as "The Job", "Oliver Beene", and "Listen Up!" Among her Broadway credits are "Lend Me a Tenor" (1989) and "Side Man" (1998). . In 2013, Makkena appeared as Carmen Berra in the Off-Broadway production of Bronx Bombers (Primary Stages).
Personal life.
Makkena has been married since 1997, has one child and lives in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="2885494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885494" title="Andrew Kenny">
Andrew Kenny

Andrew Kenny is the main singer/songwriter of The Wooden Birds, which released their debut LP "Magnolia" in May 2009. Their second album, "Two Matchsticks", was released June 2011. He was the frontman for the American indie/lo-fi band The American Analog Set. In 2004, he released a split EP in the Home Series (Vol. V) with Benjamin Gibbard. In 2005, he contributed towards Broken Social Scene's 2005 self-titled album. Andrew Kenny toured briefly with Broken Social Scene in 2007 and with Ola Podrida in 2008 before moving back home to Austin to work on his own recordings. In 2008, Kenny wrote and performed the entire score for the short film "Pickup and Return", which was written and directed by award-winning writer/director Alex Johnson. 

</doc>
<doc id="2885500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885500" title="Torelló">
Torelló

Torelló is a Spanish municipality in the "comarca" of Osona, in the Province of Barcelona, Catalonia. As of 2009 its population was of 13,808.
Geography.
The town is located at the confluence of the Ter and Ges Rivers. It is the main town of the Ges valley (Vall del Ges).

</doc>
<doc id="2885506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885506" title="Alguacil">
Alguacil

Alguacil (in Spanish), Aguazil or Guazil (in Portuguese) is a title often to be encountered in stories and plays, derived from the Arabic "وزير (wazir)", meaning "minister", preceded by the article "al".
The Alguacil among the early Spaniards was a judge, and sometimes the governor of a town or fortress, or the master at arms on a vessel. In later times the office was gradually lowered to the rank of an officer of the court, who is trusted with the service of writs and certain police duties, but he is still of higher rank than the mere "Corchete" or arresting officer. The title has also been given to inspectors of weights and measures in market-places, and similar officials.
There were two types of Aguacils: The "Aguaciles Mayores" (Chief Justice) and "Aguaciles Menores" (Justice).
The Aguacils of higher importance were the Aguaciles Mayores. These positions were held by the most prominent families, so they approximated the office of "Regidor"es. (At first they were also in charge of the local prison (jail), but this function was passed very soon to the responsibility of the "Alcaide" or warden.) Their function was to arrest people provided by the "Inquisidor" or investigators and the seizure of their property. To do this one had to be accompanied by the recipient, their family members and the "Secretary (minister) of Arrests" (sheriff). He could seek the support of civil authorities. It also ensured the safety of the detainees (defendants), because they had no communications with others except, of course, those authorized by the investigators. Among the junior officers, the Alguacil Mayor held the largest category with the "Secret Notaries". The others functions of an Aguacil Mayor were:
The Aguaciles Minores generally performed the duties on behalf of the Aguacil Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="2885510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885510" title="Visma">
Visma

Visma is a supplier of business software, outsourcing services, commerce solutions, retail IT solutions, and IT related development and consultancy. Visma has 340 000 customers in Northern Europe. The group has 5 600 employees and its net revenue amounted to NOK 6 500 million in 2013.
The company was formed in 1996, through the merging of the companies Multisoft, SpecTec and Dovre Informasjonssystemer. Today the group comprises the five business areas Visma BPO Accounting and Payroll, Visma Software, Visma Commerce Solutions, Visma Retail, and Visma Projects and Consulting.
Visma is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, and has 100 offices throughout Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Lithuania and Romania. In addition Visma has 1 100 resellers in the Nordics and distribution through partners in several European countries.
In September 2010, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) acquired the stock majority in Visma from HgCapital.

</doc>
<doc id="2885516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885516" title="Alirajpur">
Alirajpur

Alirajpur is a city and a municipality in Alirajpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Alirajpur State was formerly a princely state of India, under the Bhopawar Agency in Central India. It lies in the Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh, near the border with Gujarat and Maharashtra. It has an area of 836 m². The country is hilly, and consists of tribal people as majority of population who live in small villages near Alirajpur. However, the towns population mainly consists of general people. It has from time to time been under British administration.. The Victoria bridge at Alirajpur was built to commemorate the Diamond Jubilee of 1897.
Area-wise,Formerly Alirajpur taluka is bigger than the Jhabua taluka of Jhabua district, Now Alirajpur Is District. The Rajwara fort is situated in the centre of the town attached with a beautiful playground known as Fateh Club. Alirajpur is also the hub for dolomite business.
Demographics.
Alirajpur is a city in which public depend on farm.
Alirajpur’s topography is predominantly hilly. Its economy depends primarily on agricultural endeavours, especially farming, especially mangoes. The agricultural trading yard in Alirajpur is the biggest in all the state when it comes to mango trading.
History.
During the British Raj Alirajpur was the capital of Alirajpur State, one of the princely states of India.
After India got independence in the year 1947, the ruling family of Alirajpur State moved to Delhi, where the last ruler of Ali Rajpur, Surendra Singh, subsequently served as the Ambassador of India to Spain in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2885533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885533" title="Bounce to This">
Bounce to This

Bounce to This is an album by Karl Gordon, also known as K-Gee. The album had one minor hit with "I Don't Really Care" which peaked at #21 in the UK charts two years prior to the album's release, but received more publicity for the song "Let's Get Nice" which he recorded with Melanie Blatt while they were both stoned about the joys of marihuana.

</doc>
<doc id="2885544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885544" title="Wexford Park">
Wexford Park

Wexford Park is a GAA stadium in Wexford, Ireland. It is the home of Wexford GAA's Gaelic football and hurling teams. After a recent development the ground has a capacity of about 25,000. 
It is located in the Clonard area on the outskirts of Wexford Town, and although the ground does not have floodlights it regularly hosts evening matches during the brighter Summer months.

</doc>
<doc id="2885553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885553" title="Allifae">
Allifae

Allifae was an ancient town of Italy, a center of Oscan or Samnite origin, situated in the valley of the Vulturnus, at the foot of the lofty mountain group now called the Monte Matese, c. 40 km northwest of Telesia, and 27 km east-northwest of Teano.
It was close to the frontiers of Campania, and is enumerated among the Campanian cities by Pliny, and by Silius Italicus but Strabo expressly calls it a Samnite city That it was so at an earlier period is certain, as we find it repeatedly mentioned in the wars of the Romans with that people. Thus, at the breaking out of the Second Samnite War, in 326 BCE, it was one of the first places which fell into the hands of the Romans: who, however, subsequently lost it, and it was retaken by C. Marcius Rutilus in 310 BCE. Again, in 307 BCE, a decisive victory over the Samnites was gained by the proconsul Fabius beneath its walls. During the Second Punic War its territory was alternately traversed or occupied by the Romans and by Hannibal, but no mention is made of the town itself. Strabo speaks of it as one of the few cities of the Samnites which had survived the calamities of the Social War: and we learn from Cicero that it possessed an extensive and fertile territory in the valley of the Vulturnus, which appears to have adjoined that of Venafrum According to the "Liber Coloniarum" (p. 231), a colony was established there by the triumvirs, and its colonial rank, though not mentioned by Pliny, is confirmed by the evidence of inscriptions. These also attest that it continued to be a place of importance under the Roman Empire: and was adorned with many new public buildings under the reign of Hadrian.
It is placed by the Itineraries on the direct road from Rome to Beneventum by the Via Latina, at the distance of 17 miles from Teanum, and 43 from Beneventum; but the latter number is certainly too large.
The site of the Samnite city, which in the 4th century BC had a coinage of its own, is not known; the Roman town lay in what are now the "comuni" of Alife and Sant'Angelo d'Alife, and its walls (4th century) enclose the preserved remains of large baths (Thermae Herculis) and a theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="2885559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885559" title="Villard-de-Lans">
Villard-de-Lans

Villard-de-Lans is a commune in the Isère department in south-eastern France.
The town is a centre for skiing in winter and hiking and hot air ballooning in other seasons.
1968 Winter Olympics.
At the 1968 Winter Olympics held in neighbouring Grenoble, it played host to the luge events. Costing FRF 3,190,000 to complete, the Olympic luge track was completed using 1,400 cubic metres of earthwork and 1,800 cubic metres of reinforced concrete. The facility had three start houses, 132 lighting posts, telephone circuitry, 40 loudspeakers, and a signalling system for the competitors.
No turn names are given for the track. Data from the women's singles or men's doubles also not given.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Villard-de-Lans is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2885560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885560" title="Allocatur">
Allocatur

Allocatur (from med. Lat. "allocatur", "it is allowed"), in law, refers to the allowance of a writ or other pleading. It may also designate a certificate given by a taxing master, at the termination of an action, for the allowance of costs.
Pennsylvania.
In Pennsylvania courts, the term is still commonly used to denote permission for an appeal to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, even though the procedure for obtaining discretionary review in the court is presently called a petition for allowance of appeal. "See" Pennsylvania Rule of Appellate Procedure 1112. In most other American courts, the term certiorari is used.

</doc>
<doc id="2885561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885561" title="Bar mleczny">
Bar mleczny

A bar mleczny—literally "milk bar" in Polish (though not to be confused with the Australian milk bar)—is a Polish form of cafeteria. The first typical milk bar "Mleczarnia Nadświdrzańska" was established in 1896 in Warsaw by Stanisław Dłużewski, a member of Polish landed gentry. Milk bars offered not only milk-based food, but also traditional cuisine meals (however, milk products were the foundation of the menu).
The commercial success of the first milk bars encouraged other businessmen to copy this type of restaurant. As Poland regained her independence after World War I, milk bars appeared in most of the country. They offered relatively cheap, but nourishing food, and as such, achieved even more prominence during the economic depression in the 1930s. 
The role of cheap restaurants carried through World War II. After the fall of German Nazi regime, Poland became a communist state, and a satellite of the Soviet Union. The majority of the population was poor, contrary to official propaganda, and expensive and even moderately-priced restaurants were derided as "capitalist". During the post-war years, most restaurants were nationalized and then closed down by the communist authorities. In the mid-1960s milk bars were common as a means of offering cheap meals to people working in companies that had no official canteen. They still served mostly dairy-based and vegetarian meals, especially during the period of martial law in the early 1980s, when meat was rationed.
The prevalent idea at that time was to provide all people with cheap meals at the place of their work. At times the price of the meals served in the workplace canteens was included in a worker's salary. However, there was also a large number of people working in smaller firms that had no canteen at their disposal. Because of this, during the tenure of Władysław Gomułka, the authorities created a network of small self-service eateries. The meals, subsidized by the state, were cheap and readily available to anyone.
Apart from raw or processed dairy products, the milk bars also served egg (omelets or egg cutlets), cereal (kasza) or flour-based meals such as pierogi. After the fall of the communist system and the end of shortage economy, the majority of milk bars went bankrupt as they were superseded by regular restaurants. However, some of them were preserved as part of the relics of the welfare state so as to support the poorer parts of Polish society. 
In early 2010 milk bars were seen to make a comeback. They became small, inexpensive restaurants that took advantage of welfare state nostalgia, while providing good quality food and customer service. Due to their good locations milk bars often fall victim to gentrification processes and are defended by protest groups.
Some people prefer milk bars over fast-food restaurants because of the homemade-style food and low prices. A typical three course lunch can cost as little as 2-3 euro. Currently every major Polish city has at least one "milk bar" somewhere in the city center. They are popular among the elderly, students, and working class, but are generally looked down upon by other social classes.

</doc>
<doc id="2885564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885564" title="Ada &quot;Bricktop&quot; Smith">
Ada &quot;Bricktop&quot; Smith

Ada Beatrice Queen Victoria Louise Virginia Smith, better known as Bricktop, (August 14, 1894 – February 1, 1984) was an American dancer, singer, vaudevillian, and self-described saloon-keeper who owned the nightclub Chez Bricktop in Paris from 1924 to 1961, as well as clubs in Mexico City and Rome. She has been called "...one of the most legendary and enduring figures of twentieth-century American cultural history." 
Early life.
Smith was born in Alderson, West Virginia, the youngest of four children by an Irish father and a black mother. When her father died, her family relocated to Chicago. It was there that saloon life caught her fancy, and where she acquired her nickname, "Bricktop," for the flaming red hair and freckles inherited from her father. She began performing when she was very young, and by 16, she was touring with TOBA (Theatre Owners' Booking Association) and on the Pantages vaudeville circuit. Aged 20, her performance tours brought her to New York City. While at Barron's Exclusive Club, a nightspot in Harlem, she put in a good word for a band called Elmer Snowden's Washingtonians, and the club booked them. One of its members was Duke Ellington.
Her first meeting with Cole Porter is related in her obituary in the "Huntington (West Virginia) Herald-Dispatch": "Porter once walked into the cabaret and ordered a bottle of wine. "Little girl, can you do the Charleston?" he asked. Yes, she said. And when she demonstrated the new dance, he exclaimed, "What legs! What legs!"" John Steinbeck was once thrown out of her club for "ungentlemanly behavior." He regained her affection by sending a taxi full of roses.
Cafe society.
By 1924, she was in Paris. Cole Porter hosted many parties, "lovely parties" as Bricktop called them, where he hired her as an entertainer, often to teach his guests the latest dance craze such as the Charleston and the Black Bottom. In Paris, Bricktop began operating the clubs where she performed, including The Music Box and Le Grand Duc. She called her next club "Chez Bricktop," and in 1929 she relocated it to 66 rue Pigalle. Her headliner was a young Mabel Mercer, who was to become a legend in cabaret. Bricktop broadcast a radio program in Paris from 1938–39, for the French government. During WWII, she closed "Chez Bricktop" and moved to Mexico City where she opened a new nightclub in 1944. In 1949, she returned to Europe and started a club in Rome. Bricktop closed her club and retired in 1961 at the age of 67, saying "I'm tired, honey. Tired of staying up all night." Afterwards, she moved back to the United States.
Known for her signature cigars, the "doyenne of cafe society" drew many celebrated figures to her club, including Cole Porter, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald mentions the club in his 1931 short story Babylon Revisited. Her protégés included Duke Ellington, Mabel Mercer and Josephine Baker.
According to Jean-Claude Baker, one of Josephine Baker's children, as recorded in his book about his mother's life, titled "Josephine: The Hungry Heart", Baker and Ada were involved in a lesbian affair for a time, early in their careers. She worked with Langston Hughes when he was still a busboy. The Cole Porter song, "Miss Otis Regrets", was written especially for her to perform. Django Reinhardt and Stephane Grappelli wrote a song called "Brick Top". 
Later life.
Bricktop continued to perform as a cabaret entertainer well into her eighties, including some engagements at the age of 84 in London, where she proved herself to be as professional and feisty as she had ever been and included Cole Porter's "Love for Sale" in her repertoire.
Bricktop made a brief cameo appearance, as herself, in Woody Allen's 1983 mockumentary film "Zelig", in which she "reminisced" about a visit by Leonard Zelig to her club, and an unsuccessful attempt by Cole Porter to find a rhyme for "You're the tops, you're Leonard Zelig." She appeared in the 1974 Jack Jordan's film "Honeybaby, Honeybaby", in which she played herself, operating a "Bricktop's" in Beirut, Lebanon. In 1972, Bricktop made her only recording, "So Long Baby," with Cy Coleman. Nevertheless, she also recorded a few Cole Porter songs in New-York City at the end of the seventies with pianist Dorothy Donegan. The session was directed by Otis Blackwell, produced by Jack Jordan on behalf of the Sweet Box Company. The songs recorded are: Love For Sale, Miss Otis Regrets, Happiness Is A Thing Called Joe, A Good Man Is Hard To Find, Am I Blue and He's Funny That Way. This recording was never released as of today. She preferred not to be called a singer or dancer, but rather a performer. (See external link below to YouTube "Bricktop tells about Cole Porter and her singing")
She wrote her autobiography, "Bricktop by Bricktop," with the help of James Haskins, the prolific author who wrote biographies of Thurgood Marshall and Rosa Parks. It was published in 1983 by Welcome Rain Publishers (ISBN 0-689-11349-8).
References.
In F. Scot Fitzgerald's "Babylon Revisited," the protagonist considers a visit to Bricktop's club in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="2885567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885567" title="Allonge">
Allonge

Allonge (from French "allonger", "to draw out"), a slip of paper affixed to a negotiable instrument, as a bill of exchange, for the purpose of receiving additional endorsements for which there may not be sufficient space on the bill itself. An endorsement written on the allonge is deemed to be written on the bill itself. An allonge is more usually met with in those countries where the Code Napoleon is in force, as the code requires every endorsement to express the consideration. Under English law, as the simple signature of the endorser on the bill, without additional words, is sufficient to operate as a negotiation, an allonge is seldom necessary.
In fencing, an allonge is a thrust or pass at the enemy.
An allonge can also refer to a long (drawn out) espresso shot, also known as an Italian lungo.
In chemistry an allonge is an old French term for a separatory column.
In dressage an allonge is a long rein used for trotting a horse.

</doc>
<doc id="2885582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885582" title="St Jarlath's Park">
St Jarlath's Park

St Jarlath's Park ("Páirc Naomh Iarflaith", commonly known as Tuam Stadium) is a GAA stadium in Tuam, County Galway, Ireland. It is one of the principal stadiums of Galway GAA's football and hurling teams. The ground once had a capacity of around 26,000. This has progressively been reduced for safety reasons and has most recently been reduced to 6,700. 
The official opening of the stadium took place on 21 May 1950. It was blessed and officially opened by the Archbishop of Tuam, Rev. Dr Walsh. The stadium opened with two games, one between Cavan and Mayo and another between Galway and Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="2885583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885583" title="Almeh">
Almeh

Almeh ( ' ; the peasant pronunciation is ' or ', plural ' , from "", from "to know, be learned")
was the name of a class of courtesans or female entertainers in Arab Egypt, women educated to sing and recite classical poetry and to discourse wittily, connected by musician Alain Weber (1997) to the "qayna" slave singers of pre-Islamic Arabia.
They were educated girls of good social standing, trained in dancing, singing and poetry, present at festivals and entertainments, and hired as mourners at funerals.
In the 19th century, "almeh" came to be used as a synonym of ghawazi, the erotic dancers of Dom ethnicity whose performances were banned in 1834 by Muhammad Ali of Egypt. As a result of the ban, the ghawazi dancers were forced to pretend that they were in fact "awalim". 
Transliterated into French as "almée", the term came to be synonymous with "belly dancer" in European Orientalism of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="2885585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885585" title="Carmen McRae">
Carmen McRae

Carmen Mercedes McRae (April 8, 1920 – November 10, 1994) was an American jazz singer, composer, pianist, and actress. Considered one of the most influential jazz vocalists of the 20th century, it was her behind-the-beat phrasing and her ironic interpretations of song lyrics that made her memorable. McRae drew inspiration from Billie Holiday, but established her own distinctive voice. She went on to record more than 60 albums, enjoying a rich musical career, performing and recording in the United States, Europe, and Japan.
Biography.
McRae was born in Harlem. Her father, Osmond, was originally from Costa Rica, and her mother, Evadne McRae, an immigrant from Jamaica. She began studying piano when she was eight, and the music of jazz greats such as Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington filled her home. She met singer Billie Holiday when she was just 17 years old. As a teenager McRae came to the attention of Teddy Wilson and his wife, the composer Irene Kitchings Wilson. One of McRae's early songs, "Dream of Life", was, through their influence, recorded in 1939 by Wilson’s long-time collaborator Billie Holiday. McRae considered Holiday to be her primary influence.
In her late teens and early twenties, McRae played piano at a New York club called Minton's Playhouse, Harlem's most famous jazz club, sang as a chorus girl, and worked as a secretary. It was at Minton's where she met trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie, bassist Oscar Pettiford, and drummer Kenny Clarke, had her first important job as a pianist with the Benny Carter's big band (1944), worked with Count Basie (1944) and made her first recording as pianist with the Mercer Ellington Band (1946–1947). But it was while working in Brooklyn that she came to the attention of Decca’s Milt Gabler. Her five-year association with Decca yielded 12 LPs.
In 1948 she moved to Chicago with comedian George Kirby. She played piano steadily for almost four years before returning to New York. Those years in Chicago, McRae told "Jazz Forum", "gave me whatever it is that I have now. That's the most prominent schooling I ever had." Back in New York in the early 1950s, McRae got the record contract that launched her career. She was voted best new female vocalist of 1954 by "Down Beat" magazine. MacRae married twice: to drummer Kenny Clarke in 1946, and to bassist Ike Isaacs in the late 1950s; both marriages ended in divorce.
Among her most interesting recording projects were "Mad About The Man" (1957) with composer Noël Coward, "Boy Meets Girl" (1957) with Sammy Davis, Jr., participating in Dave Brubeck's "The Real Ambassadors" (1961) with Louis Armstrong, a tribute album "You're Lookin' at Me (A Collection of Nat King Cole Songs)" (1983), cutting an album of live duets with Betty Carter, "The Carmen McRae-Betty Carter Duets" (1987), being accompanied by Dave Brubeck and George Shearing, and closing her career with brilliant tributes to Thelonious Monk, "Carmen Sings Monk" (1990), and Sarah Vaughan, "" (1991).
As a result of her early friendship with Billie Holiday, she never performed without singing at least one song associated with "Lady Day", and she recorded an album in 1983 in her honor entitled "For Lady Day", which was released in 1995, with songs including "Good Morning Heartache", "Them There Eyes", "Lover Man", "God Bless the Child" and "Don't Explain". McRae also recorded with some of the world's best jazz musicians in albums such as "Take Five Live" (1961) with Dave Brubeck, "Two for the Road" (1980) with George Shearing, and "Heat Wave" (1982) with Cal Tjader. The latter two albums were part of a notable eight-year relationship with Concord Jazz.
McRae sang in jazz clubs throughout the United States — and across the world — for more than fifty years. She was a popular performer at the legendary Monterey Jazz Festival (1961–1963, 1966, 1971, 1973, 1982), performing with Duke Ellington's orchestra at the North Sea Jazz Festival in 1980, singing "Don't Get Around Much Anymore", and at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1989. She left New York for Southern California in the late 1960s, but appeared in New York regularly, usually at the Blue Note, where she performed two engagements a year through most of the 1980s. She withdrew from public performance in May 1991 after an episode of respiratory failure only hours after she completed an engagement at the Blue Note jazz club in New York.
On November 10, 1994, McRae died at her home in Beverly Hills, California, at the age of 74. She had fallen into a semi-coma four days earlier, a month after being hospitalized for a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="2885603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885603" title="Planet Magazine">
Planet Magazine

Planet Magazine is a free American online fantasy and science fiction magazine by emerging writers and digital artists. It was one of the first illustrated SF publications on the Internet, and has been continuously published since the January–March issue of 1994.
"Planet" was originally published as a quarterly e-zine (electronic magazine) in plain text, DOCMaker (Macintosh only), and later Adobe Acrobat 1.0 formats, the latter two using full color and illustrations. Issues were posted on CompuServe, AOL, eWorld, and various Bulletin Board Services (BBSes). It converted to a webzine (HTML) format in mid-1996 and began using the planetmag.com and planetmagazine.com domain names, originally hosted at GeoCities.com. By about 1997, Planet began using Etext.org as a webhost. In August 2004, "Planet" moved to a weblog (blog, or maybe "blogzine") format, when it also changed from a quarterly publishing schedule to a more frequent basis. Several issues of Planet have been converted to Palm PDA format.
The blurb from the original Planet website: 
"Planet is the free, award-winning and groundbreaking electronic magazine of short science fiction and fantasy by emerging writers and illustrators. Our goal is to encourage authors and artists and to just have fun. There could be other, hidden aims, of course, motivations that are obscure and uncomfortable, instincts linked perhaps to primal, nonreasoning urges regarding power and procreation — the very same forces, no doubt, that brought down the Atlanteans and their alabaster-towered oceanic empire. And the Dark Gods laffed..." 

</doc>
<doc id="2885604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885604" title="195 (number)">
195 (number)

195 (one hundred ninety-five) is the natural number following 194 and preceding 196.

</doc>
<doc id="2885606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885606" title="Post-Parlo">
Post-Parlo

Post-Parlo is an Austin, Texas based independent record label known for their Home Series, which has featured a split EP with Andrew Kenny (of The American Analog Set) and Benjamin Gibbard (of Death Cab for Cutie and The Postal Service) as well as a one from Bright Eyes and Spoon's Britt Daniel.

</doc>
<doc id="2885608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885608" title="Almendralejo">
Almendralejo

Almendralejo is a town in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It is situated 59 km south-east of Badajoz, on the main road and rail route between Mérida and Seville. , it has a population of 33,975. There was a battle and massacre here in 1936 during the Spanish Civil War.
Sights include the church of the Purification, finished in 1515, in Gothic style.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2885622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885622" title="NBR K Class">
NBR K Class

The NBR K class is a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotive of the North British Railway. The first batch (later LNER Class D26) was designed by Matthew Holmes in 1902 and had driving wheels for express passenger work. Three more batches (later LNER Classes D32/D33/D34) were designed by William P. Reid with driving wheels for mixed traffic work. This included perishable goods, such as fish from Mallaig and Aberdeen. They had inside cylinders and Stephenson valve gear. Later locomotives had superheaters.
Sub-classes.
The LNER divided the NBR K class into four sub-classes:
LNER Class D26.
Twelve engines ordered in March 1902 and built at Cowlairs railway works in 1903. Three were withdrawn in 1922, leaving nine to enter LNER ownership in 1923. These nine had all been withdrawn by July 1926.
LNER Class D32.
Twelve engines ordered in 1905 and built at Cowlairs in 1906–07. The LNER began to fit superheated boilers in 1923 and classified the superheated locomotives D32/2. The non-superheated locomotives were classified D32/1.
LNER Class D33.
Twelve engines built at Cowlairs in 1909–10. The LNER fitted superheaters to all the D33s between 1925 and 1936.
LNER Class D34.
Ten engines built at Cowlairs in 1913. Twenty-two engines built between 1917 and 1920. All the D34s were built with superheaters.
Post-NBR.
The locomotives passed to the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in 1923 and, some of them, to British Railways (BR) in 1948. BR numbers were:
Names.
The D34s were named after Scottish Glens:
Locos shown in brackets were withdrawn before Nationalisation
Preservation.
Withdrawals began in 1946 and all the D34s had been withdrawn by 1961.
One, 256 "Glen Douglas" (BR number 62469) has been preserved by the Scottish Railway Preservation Society. It is now on display at the Riverside Museum in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="2885628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885628" title="Famous Players (disambiguation)">
Famous Players (disambiguation)

Famous Players may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2885629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885629" title="Almery">
Almery

Almery, aumbrie, or ambry (from the medieval form "almarium", cf. Lat. "armarium", "a place for keeping tools"; cf. O. Fr. "aumoire" and mod. armoire), in architecture, is a recess in the wall of a church, sometimes square-headed, and sometimes arched over, and closed with a door like a cupboard. It is sometimes a cabinet attached to the wall.
In Roman Catholic usage, when commonly called an ambry, it is traditionally located in the sanctuary (as in, the altar area) of a church or in the Baptistery, and is used for the storage of the oils used in sacraments: Oil of catechumens (indicated by the Latin letters "O.C."), Oil of the Sick ("O.I."), and Sacred Chrism ("S.C."). Former regulations required it to be secured and locked, and lined and veiled with either purple cloth (in reference to the Oil of the Sick) or white (for the Sacred Chrism). The door was usually marked "O.S." or "Olea Sancta", to indicate the contents. Such regulations are now relaxed so that while many churches continue to use such an ambry, the oils are also stored and in some cases displayed in other ways.
The term can also be used less formally to indicate a cabinet that contains the chalices, basins, cruets, etc., for the use of the priest; many of them have stone shelves. They are sometimes near the piscina, but more often on the opposite side. The word also seems in medieval times to be used commonly for any closed cupboard and even bookcase. (See also aumbry).

</doc>
<doc id="2885630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885630" title="Neil Hodgson">
Neil Hodgson

Neil Stuart Hodgson (born in Burnley, Lancashire) is a former British motorcycle racer who won the 2000 British Superbike Championship, and the 2003 Superbike World Championship titles. He then went on to have a moderately successful four years in the American Superbike Championship, with a best 5th place championship finish.
At the start of the 2010 season Hodgson returned to the British Superbike Championship with the Motorpoint Yamaha team managed by Rob McElnea. However on 22 April 2010 Hodgson announced his retirement from British superbikes and competitive motorcycle racing, due to a shoulder injury sustained in a motocross accident during the previous AMA season. Hodgson aggravated the injury in the first round of the British Superbike Championship at the Brands Hatch Indy circuit.
Hodgson now divides his time between family in the Isle of Man whilst working as a motorcycle racing commentator and TV studio pundit, road racing trackday instructor and as an ambassador for motorcycle companies including Ducati.
Early and personal life.
Hodgson was born in Burnley and lived there and in Nelson and Colne, Lancashire during his early life, attending Ss John Fisher and Thomas More RC High School. He was 6 when he started riding his brother's bike around playing fields in Brierfield near his grandma's home. Hodgson has a daughter Hollie-Jean and son Taylor. He lives in Onchan on the Isle of Man. His hobbies include motocross, trails and mountain biking. He supports Burnley F.C..
Career.
Youth.
A schoolboy motocross rider from 1982 through 1989, and was voted Rider of the Year in season 1986-87. Hodgson made the leap to road racing on Easter Sunday 1990 at the meeting at Langburgh, on a Yamaha TZR125. His first win was at the Three Sisters meeting in that same year. He came 8th in his first season in the British Clubman’s Ministock. In 1992, he moved to the 125cc International Supercup, and became British National 125cc Champion aged 18. He was then selected to compete in the FIM World 125cc Championship as the youngest rider in the series and Britain's only representative in the class with Team Burnett, placing 24th in the Championship. In 1994, he was selected by HRC Honda as one of only five officially supported riders in 125cc World Championship with Team Burnett. He took part in two 500cc World Championship races for the Harris-Yamaha team.
500cc GrandPrix and WSB: the first attempt 1995-1998.
In 1995, he moved full-time to 500cc World Championship with WCM, developing a reputation for being a smooth but impetuous rider who crashed a lot - he came 11th in the Championship.
For 1996, he moved to the Superbike World Championship (aka 'WSB') with Ducati, and this began a frustrating three-year spell in the series, the latter two years with Fuchs Kawasaki. 9th was Hodgson's best championship finish in this era. His first podium came at Laguna Seca Raceway in 1996.
British Superbikes 1999-2000.
For 1999, he returned to the British Superbike Championship (BSB) with GSE Racing, and spent the season re-establishing himself on a superbike and regaining his confidence. His team mate at GSE Racing Troy Bayliss took the British Superbike title. 2000 saw one of the most titanic battles British Superbike had ever seen, as Hodgson battled Chris Walker who was riding the Suzuki, all season long. Hodgson clinched the title at the final round at Donington Park when in the final race with only a few points in it, Walker's Suzuki's engine blew, allowing Hodgson to take the title. He also won two races of the British rounds of the Superbike World Championship that year as a 'wildcard' entry - one at Donington Park and one at Brands Hatch. The most memorable race of Hodgson's British Superbike title winning year was at Oulton Park, when he started at the back of the grid, and ended up winning the race in breathtaking style, much to the amazement of the British crowd and his fellow competitors.
Return to WSB 2001-2003.
GSE Racing stepped up to the Superbike World Championship series full-time for 2001, with Hodgson joined in the Ducati satellite team by up and coming English rider James Toseland. Hodgson was a race winner and 5th overall that year, while in 2002, Bayliss and Colin Edwards were dominant, although Neil took pole positions en route to 3rd overall. After both Bayliss and Edwards left for MotoGP, Hodgson became the number one rider for the works Ducati team in 2003, winning the title against team-mate Ruben Xaus.
Neil Starred in a video called RIDE with EagleE and The Schlepp Riders also starring: Phil Greening, DJ Sassy, Princess the hit song maker of Say I'm Your No.1 fame in the 1980s. Also featuring Jason Fin.
Return to GrandPrix racing 2004.
For 2004, both Hodgson and Xaus went to Ducati's second-string MotoGP team, Team d’Antin Ducati. But the power delivery of the Desmosedici was extreme compared to a WSB Superbike, and the team had limited sponsorships and funds to run a test programme. Resultantly, Hodgson never felt he had the bike set up like he ever wanted it to be, while Xaus's natural extreme style appeared to get more out of the machine. Xaus ended up as rookie of the year, while a disillusioned Hodgson came 17th in the championship.
American Superbike 2005-2009.
Hodgson at the time vowed never to return to MotoGP, stating that a combination of his age and nationality was now against him, and he would never be offered the best machinery capable of competing let alone winning. Having shown loyalty to Ducati throughout his motorcycle racing experience, the question now was where to place him. Ducati had a 'works' team focusing on making Régis Laconi the next WSB champion, and Hodgson didn't want to return to the Superbike World Championship in a satellite team, or to British Superbikes. Resultantly, with the stated aim of becoming the first rider to win all three Superbike titles of 'British', 'World' and 'American', he moved to into the less-prestigious American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) championship in the United States for 2005 - he came sixth to Mat Mladin. Hodgson finished the 2006 AMA Superbike Championship in 5th place.
Ducati pulled out of the AMA Superbike Championship for at least the 2007 season, and Hodgson failed to obtain another ride as the 2007 Superbike World Championship opened. Hodgson was linked to joining Yamaha France from round 3 onwards, and to a temporary ride for Suzuki in WSBK. On 11 April he was confirmed as a test and development rider for Ducati, replacing the injured Shinichi Ito. Rizla Suzuki gave Neil a test on the team's Suzuki GSX-R1000 for tests of the bike taking place at Cadwell Park, but despite speculation he was not intended to replace Chris Walker.
He returned to the AMA Superbike Championship for one round at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca on a Corona Honda, partnering James Ellison, finishing fifth. At the Sachsenring MotoGP round he was revealed to have rejected a chance to stand in for Toni Elías on a Gresini Honda at this race, as he thought that it would impact his chances of landing a full-time Superbike ride, probably with Ten Kate Honda after an earlier speculated deal to ride for Fogarty Racing on an MV Agusta dissipated. On 5 September 2007, Honda America announced that Hodgson would race for them in the 2008 AMA Superbike season, riding the new Fireblade.
In 2008, Hodgson came 6th in the AMA Superbike Championship, picking up 2 3rd place finishes at Miller Motorsports Park. These were his best results of the season, towards the end of the season Hodgson became more inconsistent collecting low scores in 1 race of every round from 8-10. Hodgson signed a contract to keep him with the Corona Honda team for the 2009 season.
In 2009, Hodgson started the season off strongly with a second place finish at the Daytona circuit. Hodgson then had an accident in training on a motocross bike, causing him to suffer a collapsed lung and a dislocated shoulder causing him to miss the next 3 rounds. Hodgson would eventually finish 11th on 167 points.
Return to British Superbikes 2010.
Hodgson confirmed that he would be returning to British Superbikes for the 2010 season, with Motorpoint Yamaha alongside youngster Dan Linfoot. 
On 22 April 2010 Hodgson announced that we was retiring from British superbikes and competitive motorcycle racing, due to the shoulder he injury he picked up in a motorcross accident during the previous AMA season. Hodgson had aggravated the injury in the first round of the British Superbike Championship at the Brands Hatch Indy circuit on 5 April. Hodgson was replaced in the Motorpoint Yamaha team by Ian Lowry.
Support for charity.
Hodgson is a patron of the National Association for Bikers with a Disability.

</doc>
<doc id="2885632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885632" title="George Bean">
George Bean

George Bean (7 March 1864 in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, England – 16 March 1923 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England) was a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Sussex County Cricket Club between 1886 and 1898. He also played three Test matches for England in 1891–92.
In 1885 Bean played an unsuccessful season for his home county of Nottinghamshire before moving on to Sussex. His most successful season was in 1891, which earned him a place on Lord Sheffield's tour to Australia in 1891/2, but he did not excel himself on the tour, and his form suffered further in 1892, ruling him out of further England contention. He had his Sussex benefit in 1893. After playing for Sussex, he moved onto the Lord's groundstaff and was a senior member there on his death. He had a successful benefit at Lord's in 1921. 
Bean died of pneumonia on 16 March 1923. His wife was Eliza predeceased him by approximately 9 years.

</doc>
<doc id="2885641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885641" title="Páirc Seán Mac Diarmada">
Páirc Seán Mac Diarmada

Páirc Seán Mac Diarmada is a GAA stadium in Carrick-on-Shannon, County Leitrim, Ireland. It is the home of Leitrim GAA's football and hurling teams. It was named for the Irish revolutionary Seán Mac Diarmada, one of the leaders of the 1916 Easter Rising. (As there was in the early 1960s some debate among Irish scholars as to whether the genitive case should be used in commemorative namings, the nominative form was used and has been retained, rather than what would now be generally regarded as the grammatically correct form, Páirc Sheáin Mhic Dhiarmada.)
The stadium, opened in 1964, had a capacity of 17,000, with 3,000 seats. Following a national review of health and safety at GAA stadiums, that was reduced in 2011 to 9,331.
In 2006-07, a major renovation created a 3,000-seat covered stand providing an unrestricted view of the football field. Within the structure there were three levels: "Under the stand: ground level" - 4 dressing rooms (with treatment room, 12 to 15 person shower area and toilet facilities); referees' room; kitchen & dining area; public toilet facilities (wheelchair accessible); first aid area; plant room. "Under the seated area: Middle Tier": drugs testing area; large meeting room; press office; 3 x additional offices; display/museum room; kitchen. "Upper stand": radio commentary area; press area; indoor camera area.
Costing approximately 3 million euro, the renovation was funded by grants, government funding, and a "Get on the Team" initiative, which raised funds from the local community. The stand naming rights were then sold, and it is now called Ardán Mhic Shamhráin (using the genitive form).

</doc>
<doc id="2885642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885642" title="Frya">
Frya

Frya may be

</doc>
<doc id="2885655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885655" title="Lwówek Śląski">
Lwówek Śląski

Lwówek Śląski () is a town in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. Situated on the Bóbr River, Lwówek Śląski is about NNW of Jelenia Góra and has a population of about 10,300 inhabitants. It is the administrative seat of Lwówek Śląski County, and also of the smaller municipality called Gmina Lwówek Śląski.
History.
The vicinity of Lwówek Śląski, densely wooded and located on the inner side of the unsettled Silesian Przesieka, was gradually cleared and populated by German peasants in the first half of the 13th century during the Ostsiedlung. The town was founded by Duke of Poland Henry the Bearded who designated it for an administrative centre in a previously uninhabited, borderline Polish - Lusatian territory. By 1217 the settlement, founded by the Duke of Wrocław, had important privileges, such as rights to brew, mill, fish, and hunt within a mile from settlement. German colonists expanded upon the preexisting settlement and in 1217 it received town rights as the second town in Silesia; its style of governance was duplicated by other local towns, such as Bunzlau (Bolesławiec), as "Löwenberg Rights" or "Lwówek Śląski Rights". The dukes then constructed a castle, documented for the first time in 1248. In the second half of the 13th century Löwenberg became the capital of a Silesian Piast principality, whose duke took the title of a Duke of Silesia and Lord of Löwenberg.
After the death of Duchess Agnes of Habsburg, the widow of Bolko II, the last Piast of Świdnica, the region was inherited with the Duchy of Świdnica-Jawor ("Schweidnitz-Jauer") by the Kingdom of Bohemia in 1393. Löwenberg's placement on a trade route allowed it to become one of the more prosperous towns in Bohemia. It passed with the Bohemian crown to the Habsburg Monarchy of Austria in 1526. During the Thirty Years' War, Löwenberg was devastated by Swedish and Imperial troops, especially between 1633-1643. By the Peace of Westphalia in 1648, the town was largely destroyed and had a decimated population of only hundreds.
Löwenberg slowly recovered during its reconstruction, but began to prosper again after its acquisition by the Kingdom of Prussia in 1741 during the Silesian Wars. Troops of the First French Empire occupied Löwenberg in May 1813, and Napoleon Bonaparte stayed in the town from August 21–23 while organizing his defenses against the Prussian troops of General Gebhard von Blücher. A few days later the Prussian army defeated the Frenchmen; more than 3,000 French soldiers drowned in the flooding Bober (Bóbr) as they retreated.
Löwenberg was included within the Province of Silesia after the 1814 Prussian administrative reorganization. Like the rest of the Kingdom of Prussia, the town became part of the German Empire in 1871 during the unification of Germany. It became part of the Prussian Province of Lower Silesia after World War I.
In the last days of World War II, Löwenberg's medieval center was 40% destroyed and numerous buildings of Gothic, Renaissance, and Baroque were lost. At war's end the town was placed under Polish administration as Lwówek Śląski according to the Potsdam Agreement. Its remaining German population was expelled and replaced with Poles.
Coat of arms.
The coat of arms of Lwówek Śląski is a vertically divided shield depicting the red-white chessboard of the Świdnica Piasts in the sinister field and a right-facing crowned red lion in the dexter field.

</doc>
<doc id="2885662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885662" title="YTA">
YTA

YTA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885665" title="The Richest Man in Babylon (book)">
The Richest Man in Babylon (book)

The Richest Man in Babylon is a book by George Samuel Clason which dispenses financial advice through a collection of parables set in ancient Babylon. Through their experiences in business and managing household finance, the characters in the parables learn simple lessons in financial wisdom. Originally, a series of separate informational pamphlets distributed by banks and insurance companies, the pamphlets were bound together and published in book form in 1926.
The Man Who Desired Gold.
Bansir, a chariot builder, has a conversation with his friend Kobbi, a musical person. They bemoan the time and effort which they used to build up their skills and become one of the best chariot builders and one of the best musicians yet they are still poor. They determine to go ask their childhood friend Arkad for advice, since he has become one of the richest men in Babylon.
The Richest Man in Babylon.
Bansir and Kobbi meet with Arkad, asking him why fate has favored him so much that Arkad has grown rich while they remain poor, even though they've worked harder than Arkad has. Arkad replies that he was once a hard working scribe who made a deal with a very rich man, Algamish, for the secret to wealth in return for a much needed copy of a law immediately scribed into clay. The rich man agreed and the next day, when Arkad delivered the carving, the rich man delivered in return the secret of wealth. "I found the road to wealth," he said, "When I decided that "a part of all I earned was mine to keep." And so will you." (emphasis in the original) Arkad then relates that he asked the same question that is undoubtedly on Bansir and Kobbi's minds, "Isn't all that I make mine to keep?" Algamish then said no, that a man had to pay for his clothes, for his food, etc., but that if he regularly saved at least a tenth of his income (and as much more as he could afford to save) and put that money to work earning interest, he would become wealthy.
A part of all you earn is yours to keep.
Arkad relates that he did as advised, saving a tenth of his income for a year, then investing that money with a brickmaker who went on a journey to buy jewels to trade. He related this to Algamish, who castigated Arkad for this foolishness. "Every fool must learn," he said, "But why trust the knowledge of a brickmaker about jewels? Would you go to the breadmaker to inquire about the stars?" Algamish then said, "He who takes advice about his savings from one who is inexperienced in such matters, will pay with his savings for proving the falsity of their opinions." Arkad then saved his money for another year, and he invested it with Agger the shield maker who used it to buy materials; every fourth month Agger paid Arkad rent for the use of these funds. Arkad spent these dividends on fine clothing and regularly scheduled feasts. Algamish comments that Arkad is "eating the children of his savings" by not investing them. Arkad adjusts his behavior and when he finally meets with Algamesh two years later, Algamish is so pleased with how Arkad has taken his lessons to heart, he hires Arkad as a manager of his estate in Nippur. By continuing to save and invest wisely, Arkad relates that he became the wealthy man that he is now.
Seven Cures for a Lean Purse.
Sargon of Akkad, the King of Babylon, is told by his Royal Chancellor that the kingdom is poor. There are not enough jobs for everyone, people don't have enough money to buy what they want to buy, and farmers can't make enough selling their produce to continue farming. All of the gold has found its way into the possession of a few very rich men of Babylon. The King asks why so few men would be able to acquire all of the gold and the Chancellor says because they know how to, that one may not condemn a man for succeeding because he knows how, neither may one with justice take away from a man what he has fairly earned, to give to men of less ability. But why, the King demands to know, should not all the people learn how to accumulate gold and therefore become themselves rich and prosperous? After further consultation with the Chancellor, the King summons Arkad to teach people how to become wealthy. Arkad then delivers a series of lectures to a class of one hundred men, teaching them the seven cures for a lean purse.
Start thy purse to fattening.
Arkad instructs the men to begin by continuing to work hard at their current occupations, but for every ten coins placed in their purse to take out for use but nine. Their purses will start to fatten at once and their increasing weight will feel good in their hands and bring satisfaction to their souls. "Deride not what I say because of its simplicity," Arkad says, "Truth is always simple."
Control thy expenditures.
"How," some of the men ask, "Can a man keep one-tenth of all he earns in his purse when all the coins he earns are not enough for his necessary expenditures?" "How many of you have lean purses," Arkad asks. All of the men say that they have lean purses, that they have no money. "Yet," Arkad responds, "Thou do not all earn the same. Some earn much more than others. Some have much larger families to support. Yet, all purses are equally lean. Now I will tell them an unusual truth about men and the sons of men. It is this: That what each of us calls our necessary expenses' will always grow to equal our incomes unless we protest to the contrary." Arkad tells the men not to confuse necessary expenses with their desires, that all men are burdened with more desires than they can gratify. "Budget thy expenses that thou mayest have coins to pay for thy necessities, to pay for thy enjoyments and to gratify thy worthwhile desires without spending more than nine-tenths of thy earnings."
Make thy gold multiply.
This simply explained that, once you've started saving at least one-tenth of what you earn, you must put that money to work earning interest. "Put each coin to laboring that it may reproduce its kind even as the flocks of the field and help bring to the income, a stream of wealth that shall flow constantly into thy purse."
Guard thy treasures from loss.
"Everyone is tempted," Arkad relates, "By opportunities whereby it would seem that a man could make large sums by investing his money in most plausible projects. Often friends and relatives are eagerly entering such investment and urge him to follow." The first sound principle of investment is security—what is a person who wants a loan from you offering as collateral? Arkad relates again his decision to invest his money with a brickmaker who was going to buy jewels to trade. Some Phoenicians took advantage of the brickmaker's naivety concerning jewels and sold him bits of colored glass. "Guard thy treasure from loss by investing only where thy principal is safe, where it may be reclaimed if desirable, and where thou will not fail to collect a fair rental. Consult with wise men. Secure the advice of those experienced in the profitable handling of gold. Let their wisdom protect thy treasure from unsafe investments."
Make of thy dwelling a profitable investment.
If you pay rent to a landlord all your life, at the end of your life you'll have nothing to show for it. If you can instead pay a mortgage on a house, at the end of your life you'll have a house to show for it. "Own thy own home." This is very important for those that aim high in reality.
Insure a future income.
Arkad instructs the class to prepare for retirement and to buy insurance so that their family will be provided for if they die. "No man can afford not to insure a treasure for his old age and the protection of his family, no matter how prosperous his business and his investments may be." Arkad then foretells the future creation of life insurance companies. "Provide in advance for the needs of thy growing age and the protection of thy family.
Increase thy ability to earn.
A man must set concrete goals and work to achieve them. These goals should not only be to advance in one's career or one's position, but also to become wiser and more knowledgeable. Further, if a man respects himself, he must do the following:
""Cultivate thy own powers, to study and become wiser, to become more skillful, to so act as to respect thyself." Thereby shalt thou acquire confidence in thyself to achieve thy carefully considered desires."
Meet the Goddess of Good Luck.
This section begins with a Babylonian proverb about luck. "If a man be lucky, there is no foretelling the possible extent of his good fortune. Pitch him into the Euphrates and like as not he will swim out with a pearl in his hand." Arkad chats with another group of men and tells them that the Goddess of Good Luck smiles upon those who work hard, save their money, and invest well. She doesn't really patronize professional gamblers, who always seem to end up poor. A person must not procrastinate but must strike while the opportunity is ripe. "Good luck can be enticed by accepting opportunity. (Good luck can be earned when one is aware of opportunity, and prepared for them.) Men of action are favored by the Goddess of Good Luck."
The Five Laws of Gold.
Kalabab relates the story of a man named Nomasir (The son of Arkad, The Richest Man in Babylon), who went out to make his way in the world. He foolishly lost the money that his father had given to him, but remembered the five laws of gold that his father had related to him.
Kalabab then relates that, using these laws of gold, Nomasir became rich. "Yet, who can measure in bags of gold, the value of wisdom? Without wisdom, gold is quickly lost by those who have it, but with wisdom, gold can be secured by those who have it not, as these three bags of gold do prove."
The Gold Lender of Babylon.
In Third Person, this story tells of Rodan, a spearmaker, who received fifty pieces of gold from the king as a gift for making such excellent spears. Rodan seeks out Mathon, a money lender, to ask for monetary advice—what he should do with the money. Rodan relates that his sister wishes Rodan to give the gold to her husband, Araman, so that Araman might become a merchant.
If you desire to help thy friend, do so in a way that will not bring thy friend's burdens upon thyself..
Mathon relates the story of a farmer who could understand what animals could say. One evening as the farmer passed by outside the stable, the farmer's ox complained to the farmer's donkey about how much more work the ox had to do in plowing the field instead of just carrying the farmer around. The donkey laughed and told the ox to try to claim a sick day. The next morning, when the ox proclaimed that he was sick and couldn't work, the farmer ordered that the donkey be used to plow the field. At the end of the day, the ox thanked the donkey for giving him a day of rest and the donkey proclaimed that he was "like many another simplehearted one who starts to help a friend and ends up by doing his task for him. hereafter you draw your own plow, for I did hear the master tell the slave to send for the butcher were you sick again. I wish he would for you are a lazy fellow." This ended the friendship between the donkey and the ox.
Better a little caution than a great regret.
Mathon then asks Rodan whether a loan would be well made if the borrower could not repay. "Must not the lender be wise and judge carefully whether his gold can perform a useful purpose to the borrower and return to him once more, or whether it will be wasted by one unable to use it wisely and leave him without his treasures, and leave the borrower with a debt he cannot repay?" Mathon then relates that there are three classes of borrowers, those who promise more financial security than they borrow and who are thus always safe to lend to, those who borrow based on their capacity to earn and ability to repay the loan and thus are safe to loan to, and those who have neither property nor assured earning capacity, who will likely never pay a loan back. He pulls out his box of security tokens and relates some short stories including that of a woman who borrowed money to make her son a merchant. Mathon knew that her son was not ready to be entrusted with such money but to suggest otherwise to the woman was to infuriate her. Since she offered jewels as security, Mathon could not refuse her. Mathon shows that one of the tokens of security is a simple knot tied in a piece of rope, given by a person that Mathon has long lent money to, who always promptly pays his loans back, and uses the loans wisely to become richer. Mathon has had such a good experience with this borrower that Mathon no longer requires the man to give a "real" security to borrow money. Mathon states that he does not discourage borrowing gold, he encourages it, if it be for a wise purpose. Mathon ends by telling Rodan to read what is carved beneath the lid of the token box, which saying applies equally to the borrower and the lender. "Better a little caution than a great regret."
The Walls of Babylon.
In Third Person, this story tells of Old Banzar, a soldier who guarded the gates of the wall of Babylon. For four weeks, a battle rages in front of the walls but ultimately the height and breadth of the impenetrable walls repulse the invaders.
We cannot afford to be without adequate protection.
The story concludes with the unnamed narrator saying that "The walls of Babylon were an outstanding example of man's need and desire for protection. This desire is inherent in the human race. It is just as strong today as it ever was, but we have developed broader and better plans to accomplish the same purpose. In this day, behind the impregnable walls of insurance, savings accounts and dependable investments, we can guard ourselves against the unexpected tragedies that may enter any door and seat themselves before any fireside."
The Camel Trader of Babylon.
A new character named Tarkad is introduced as a man who has had nothing to eat for two days (except for two figs that he stole before being chased away). He encounters Dabasir, a camel trader, a man that Tarkad owes money to. Dabasir invites Tarkad into the eating house where he orders food for himself and water for Tarkad. Dabasir relates that he was once a slave in Syria. As a young married man, Dabasir had worked for his father, making saddles, but had lived an extravagant lifestyle, beyond his means. Eventually, due to the constant hounding of creditors, his wife left him and he ran away from Babylon, falling in with some caravan robbers. Eventually he was captured and taken to Damascus, Syria, where he was sold as a slave. At first Dabasir thought it was all a great adventure until his new master offered Dabasir as a eunuch to his master's wives.
Where the determination is, the way can be found.
Luckily for Dabasir, his master's oldest wife said that they had enough eunuchs, but needed a camel tender. When Dabasir later tells the oldest wife that he's not really a slave but a free man, she protests that he cannot call himself a free man when his financial weakness has brought him to such ruin, that he must have the soul of a slave within him. Dabasir protests and begins to live apart from the other slaves, to demonstrate that he wants to right what he did wrong, that he has the soul of a free man. The oldest wife eventually helps Dabasir to escape back to Babylon, where Dabasir faces his creditors and eventually repays everything he owes for "where the determination is, the way can be found."
The Clay Tablets from Babylon.
The story of Dabasir is continued in more depth, examining how Dabasir was able to repay his creditors. The story is now set as a translation of ancient Babylonian stone tablets as authored by a fictional professor of archaeology, Alfred H. Shrewsbury.
Dabasir, under the advice of his friend Mathon the money lender, is recording his financial journey back to solvency. He vows to save one-tenth of all he earns, that he will support and clothe his wife (who returned to him when he returned to Babylon) and pay for their house, their food, etc., with seven-tenths of his income, and use the remaining two-tenths of his income to repay his creditors.
Every month, Dabasir will take the two-tenths that he has saved and split it amongst his creditors. He then gives a list of who he owes money to and how much money he owes them.
Dabasir acknowledges that he was a fool when he left Babylon the first time and states that he has spoken to his creditors. Some cursed him for his inability to pay immediately, while others begged to be paid first. Dabasir states that he is determined to repay them all and that he will deal impartially with them all.
Dabasir relates what has happened in the last three months, that he did indeed save one-tenth of his income for his retirement and to invest and that he saved two-tenths of his income to repay his creditors. He states that he and his wife are happy and that this plan has made an honorable man of an ex-slave.
Dabasir says that it has now been a further twelve months since he last made a tablet, but that he just finished repaying his creditors and some are impressed enough that they are even willing to lend him money again, should he want it.
Alfred H. Shrewsbury, the archaeologist who is supposedly translating these tablets, then relates that he attempted to do what Dabasir did. He visited his creditors and said that he would now deal with them on a cash-only basis and that he would split 20% of his income equally amongst them all until they were all repaid. His greengrocer "put it in a way that helped to bring around the rest. 'If you pay for all you buy and then pay some on what you owe, that is better than you have done, for ye ain't paid down the account none in three years.'" Alfred then relates that everything went as planned and that although it was difficult he and his wife did manage to live on seven-tenths of their income, save one-tenth, and eventually pay their creditors off with the remaining two-tenths.
The Luckiest Man in Babylon.
This story begins by introducing Sharru Nada, a merchant prince of Babylon who is guiding in a caravan. Sharru has long been business partners with Arad Gula (now deceased) and is riding with Arad's grandson, Hadan Gula. Sharru asks Hadan how a rich man should live. Hadan scornfully replies that he would live as richly as he could and that "Work was made for slaves." Hadan then bemoans that neither he nor his father have their grandfather's gift for "attracting the golden shekels." Sharru notices some men plowing a field, pointing them out and asks Hadan if he would like to learn how he and Arad first became partners.
Sharru relates that he was once a slave and that as followed the slave masters down this very road, a fellow slave Megiddo pointed out how the farmers weren't plowing deeply enough and consequently wouldn't get a very good yield for their crops. Another slave named Zabado spoke up and said that the farmers were wise because who wanted to work hard for someone else? Megiddo replied that he liked to work and he liked to do good work, that work had brought him all the good things in his life that he'd ever had. Zabado scoffed at this, pointing out that Megiddo was now a slave just like the rest of them. That night, Sharru crept to the edge of the slave pens and asked Godoso, one of the guards for advice. Godoso told Sharru to make the people at the slave auction want to buy Sharru as a slave, to avoid being sold to the king as a brick carrier to build the walls of Babylon. Sharru relates this to Megiddo the next morning and they resolve to try to make people want to buy them as a slave at the auction that day.
Just before the auction, Megiddo counseled Sharru to "treat like a friend, to make thyself like it. Don't mind because it is hard." A farmer then came up to him and Megiddo inquired of the farmer's "farm and crops, soon convincing him that he would be a valuable man." Upon hearing that a man was looking for a baker, Sharru spoke up and asked, "Why should a good baker like thyself seek another baker of inferior ways? Would it not be easier to teach a willing man like myself thy skilled ways? Look at me, I am young, strong and like to work. Give me a chance and I will do my best to earn gold and silver for thy purse." The baker then purchased Sharru. After learning diligently all that he could about baking, Sharru began to take over more and more of the duties of running the bakery. He created a plan to market baked goods throughout the city and thus bring his master, named Nana-naid, even more money. Nana-naid was so impressed by Sharru's diligence and willingness to work that he let Sharru keep a portion of the extra money that was being made. Sharru soon acquired a set of loyal customers, including a man named Arad Gula, who praised Sharru's industrious spirit and ability to market baked goods. In his daily journeys around the city for his master, Sharru ran into Megiddo who was also earning more money for the farmer and had been promoted to foreman. Megiddo was about to buy his freedom and bring his family to live with him as he continued working for the farmer as a free man. Sharru confided that Arad Gula, at that time, was also a slave who was about to buy his freedom.
Work is the key to golden shekels.
Arad had enough money to buy his freedom, and become a merchant himself, but wasn't sure if he wanted to step out from his master's protection since the economy was somewhat shaky. It wasn't until after Sharru counseled him that Arad decided to buy his freedom and become a merchant himself. Nana-naid, Sharru's master, then started to gamble too much and gambled away Sharru. Arad then sought Sharru out, buying Sharru's freedom and inviting Sharru to become his new partner, because he knew how industrious Sharru was and what a good salesman he was. Hadan Gula, Arad's grandson, then realizes that work was the only key to golden shekels that Arad had. Hadan then removes his jewelry and vows to live a more humble life like Arad did, and to work hard so that he could be as successful as Arad was.
A Historical Sketch of Babylon.
George S. Clason here gives a historical overview of Babylon, noting that although "its very name conjures visions of wealth and splendor" that the city itself was located next to the Euphrates River "in a flat, arid valley. It had no forests, no mines--not even stone for building. It was not even located upon a natural trade-route. The rainfall was insufficient to raise crops. Babylon is an outstanding example of man's ability to achieve great objectives, using whatever means are at his disposal. All of the resources supporting this large city were man-developed. All of its riches were man-made." Clason then continues to speak about the history of Babylon and its immense walls.

</doc>
<doc id="2885679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885679" title="Almodóvar del Campo">
Almodóvar del Campo

Almodóvar del Campo is a town and municipality of Spain, in the province of Ciudad Real, some 14 km S.S.W. of Ciudad Real, on the northern side of the Sierra de Alcúdia. The etymological origin of "Almodóvar" is the Arabic "المدوّر, al-mudawwar".
Almodóvar was a Moorish fortress in the Middle Ages. It owes its modern prosperity to the nearness of the valuable Puertollano coal-field. Its manufactures include lace and linen and it has a trade in livestock, oil and wine. South of the Sierra lies the Alcúdia Valley, used as pasture for immense flocks of sheep.

</doc>
<doc id="2885686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885686" title="Punta de Vacas">
Punta de Vacas

Punta De Vacas, meaning "cows point", is a hamlet in Mendoza Province, Argentina between Mendoza and Puente del Inca, not far from the border with Chile. The city was once served by the now disused Transandine Railway which ran from Mendoza in Argentina to Los Andes in Chile.
From there, the Tupungato mountain can be viewed. This mountain rises at 6800 meters above sea level. It constitutes one of the accesses to the Aconcagua Provincial Park and the ascencion routes to the Aconcagua mountain.
According to the INDEC census of 2001, Punta de Vacas has a population of 47 inhabitants. In spite of its small size and reduced population, this location has gained worldwide popularity due to being the site of one of Silo's first public speeches, "The Healing of Suffering" (see Mario Rodríguez Cobos), on May 4th, 1969. This site is now a Park where Silo's followers meet from time to time for study and reflection [http://www.parquepuntadevacas.org/].

</doc>
<doc id="2885687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885687" title="Anacreontics">
Anacreontics

Anacreontics are verses in a meter used by the Greek poet Anacreon in his poems dealing with love and wine. His later Greek imitators (whose surviving poems are known as the "Anacreontea") took up the same themes and used the Anacreontic meter. In modern poetry, Anacreontics are short lyrical pieces that keep the Anacreontic subject matter but not the meter.
The Greek meter.
The Anacreontic verse or anacreonteus is the seven-syllable line ˘ ˘ ¯ ˘ ¯ ˘ ¯ ¯ (where ˘ = breve and ¯ longum). While the Anacreontic may well not be in its origin an "anaclastic" variant of the Ionic dimeter (˘ ˘ ¯ ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ¯), the two meters have been associated since Anacreon, who often used them together in compositions.
One example of anacreontics from the corpus of Anacreon is fr. 11b "PMG":
English Anacreontics.
In English poetry, Anacreontics are the title given to short lyrical pieces, of an easy kind, dealing with love and wine. The English word appears to have been first used in 1656 by Abraham Cowley, who called a section of his poems "anacreontiques" because they were paraphrased out of the so-called writings of Anacreon into a familiar measure which was supposed to represent the meter of the Greek.
Half a century later, when the form had been much cultivated, John Phillips (1631-1706) laid down the arbitrary rule that an anacreontic line "consists of seven syllables, without being tied to any certain law of quantity." In the 18th century, the antiquary William Oldys (1696-1761) was the author of a little piece which is the perfect type of an anacreontic; this begins:
In 1800 Thomas Moore published a collection of erotic anacreontics which are also typical in form; Moore speaks of the necessity of catching "the careless facility with which Anacreon appears to have trifled," as a reason why anacreontics are often tame and worthless. He dwells, moreover, on the absurdity of writing "pious anacreontics," a feat, however, which was performed by several of the Greek Christian poets, and in particular by Gregory of Nazianzus and John of Damascus.

</doc>
<doc id="2885688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885688" title="Jocko Homo">
Jocko Homo

"Jocko Homo" is the B-side to Devo's first single, "Mongoloid", released in 1977 on Devo's own label, Booji Boy Records and later released in the UK on Stiff Records. The song was re-recorded as the feature song for Devo's first album, "Q: Are We Not Men? A: We Are Devo!" on Warner Bros. Records in 1978. The original version peaked at #62 on the UK Singles Chart. It is based on a chant from the 1932 movie "Island of Lost Souls". "Jocko Homo" introduced the call-and-response "Are we not men?" / "We are Devo", and is generally considered to be Devo's anthem. The title is taken from a 1924 anti-evolution tract called "Jocko-Homo Heavenbound" by B. H. Shadduck. The song revolves around an idiosyncratic descending guitar riff and absurdist lyrics.
Song lyrics and themes.
The song's verses primarily concern themselves with the satirical view of devolution, noting foibles in human society. Most versions include a bridge that begins with "God made man, but he used the monkey to do it..." The song also contains several call and response choruses, including the repeated chant "Are we not Men? / We are Devo!" "Jocko Homo", in its variations, has also contained other chants between the main verses and the closing chant. These include "We Accept You / We Reject You / One of us! One of us!" (a reference to Tod Browning's "Freaks") and "I've got a rhyme that comes in a riddle / O-Hi-O! / What's round on the ends and high in the middle? / O-Hi-O!"
The song begins in the unusual time signature of 7/8 time, but switches partway through to common 4/4 time for the call and response sections.
The original version of "Jocko Homo" lacks all call and response choruses except "Are we not men?", as well as the "God made man" bridge. This demo version appears on the ' compilation. The Booji Boy Records single version contains both the "O-Hi-O!" and the "God made man" bridge. The version on ' only includes the "God made man" bridge.
Co-writer Mark Mothersbaugh attributes the line "Are we not men?" to the 1932 film "Island of Lost Souls", an adaptation of the 1896 H.G. Wells novel "Island of Doctor Moreau", from which the line actually originated. Mothersbaugh says of the film: "There were like, watered down, wussy versions of it in the later "Islands Of Dr. Moreau" stuff, but that was a really intense movie."
Music video.
A music video for the song "Jocko Homo" was part of the short film, "The Truth About De-Evolution", Devo's first music video, directed by Chuck Statler. It begins with an interstitial scene of Booji Boy running through a Cuyahoga Falls parking lot, up a fire escape, and into a building. There, he meets with General Boy, who is played by Mark Mothersbaugh's father (Robert Mothersbaugh. Sr.), and hands him papers. After an announcement from General Boy, there are a series of rapid fire cuts of the letters "D-E-V-O" set to the intro of the Devo song "Mechanical Man," and then the main video begins. In it, Mark Mothersbaugh plays a professor, lecturing to a class of students in surgical masks, caps, and 3-D glasses. As the song progresses, the class begins to riot. The film appears on "The Complete Truth About De-Evolution".
Live performances.
When performed live, "Jocko Homo" is often the centerpiece of the show. During most tours, Devo strips off part of their stage costumes during the bridge, removing their iconic jumpsuits to strip down to T-shirts, shorts, and knee and elbow protectors, and when possible Mark Mothersbaugh descends into the audience to lead them a call-and-response of "Are We Not Men?/We Are Devo!" which degenerates into monkey noises. The first performance of "Jocko Homo" in 1975 went on for over twenty minutes. A portion of this appears on the album "". When asked to open for Sun Ra, as a joke they performed a half-hour rendition of the song to annoy the crowd, according to Mark Mothersbaugh in an interview in 1997: "We'd play "Jocko Homo" for 30 minutes, and we wouldn't stop until people were actually fighting with us, trying to make us stop playing the song. We'd just keep going, "Are we not men? We are Devo!" for like 25 minutes, directed at people in an aggressive enough manner that even the most peace-lovin' hippie wanted to throw fists."
Other versions.
The version from the film "The Truth About De-Evolution" (1978) has a slower time than the album versions and lacks the bridges (like "God made man..." and "O-Hi-O"). 
On the 1988 and 1990 tours, as well as at the 1996 Park City, Utah show and the 2002 Hollywood, CA show, Devo performed a drastically re-arranged and slowed down acoustic version of "Jocko Homo" (known as the "Sad" version). On the 1990 tour, the band would finish the "Sad" version and switch into the regular performance version of the song. The "Sad" version can be heard on "".
An "E-Z Listening" version was recorded in a Caribbean style for playback before shows. This appears on the 1987 "E-Z Listening Disc".
In 1979, novelty group Lonnie & the Devotions recorded a cover version, in a barbershop quartet style, for Rhino Records' early Devo tribute album "KROQ's Devotees".
Parodist "Weird Al" Yankovic included a portion of this song in his first polka medley titled "Polkas on 45". His DEVO parody "Dare to Be Stupid" is considered by Mark Mothersbough to be an accurate pastiche of their song style. 
French band Justice sampled the opening bass riff of Jocko Homo in their song "Stress" in their debut album, "†".
US band Thanatos included a very tongue-in-cheek cover of this song as a hidden track on the album "This Endless Night Inside".

</doc>
<doc id="2885690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885690" title="MAJC">
MAJC

MAJC (Microprocessor Architecture for Java Computing) was a Sun Microsystems multi-core, multithreaded, very long instruction word (VLIW) microprocessor design from the mid-to-late 1990s. Originally called the UltraJava processor, the MAJC processor was targeted at running Java programs, whose "late compiling" allowed Sun to make several favourable design decisions. The processor was released into two commercial graphical cards from Sun. Lessons learned regarding multi-threads on a multi-core processor provided a basis for later OpenSPARC implementations such as the UltraSPARC T1.
Design elements.
Move instruction scheduling to the compiler.
Like other VLIW designs, notably Intel's IA-64 (Itanium), MAJC attempted to improve performance by moving several expensive operations out of the processor and into the related compilers. In general, VLIW designs attempt to eliminate the "instruction scheduler", which often represents a relatively large amount of the overall processor's transistor budget. With this portion of the CPU removed to software, those transistors can be used for other purposes, often to add additional functional units to process more instructions at once, or to increase the amount of cache memory to reduce the amount of time spent waiting for data to arrive from the much slower main memory. Although MAJC shared these general concepts, it was unlike other VLIW designs, and processors in general, in a number of specific details.
Generalized functional units.
Most processors include a number of separate "subprocessors" known as "functional units" that are tuned to operating on a particular type of data. For instance, a modern CPU typically has two or three functional units dedicated to processing integer data and logic instructions, known as ALUs, while other units handle floating-point numbers, the FPUs, or multimedia data, SIMD. MAJC instead used a single multi-purpose functional unit which could process any sort of data. In theory this approach meant that processing any one type of data would take longer, perhaps much longer, than processing the same data in a unit dedicated to that type of data. But on the other hand, these general-purpose units also meant that you did not end up with large portions of the CPU being unused because the program just happened to be doing lots of (for example) floating point calculations at that particular point in time.
Variable-length instruction packets.
Another difference is that MAJC allowed for variable-length "instruction packets", which under VLIW contain a number of instructions that the compiler has determined can be run at the same time. Most VLIW architectures use fixed-length packets and when they cannot find an instruction to run they instead fill it with a codice_1, which simply takes up space. Although variable-length instruction packets added some complexity to the CPU, it reduced code size and thus the number of expensive "cache misses" by increasing the amount of code in the cache at any one time.
Avoiding interlocks and stalls.
The primary difference was the way that the MAJC design required the compiler to avoid "interlocks", pauses in execution while the results of one instruction need to be processed for the next to be able to run. For instance, if the processor is fed the instructions codice_2, then the second instruction can be run only after the first completes. Most processors include locks in the design to stall out and reschedule these sorts of interlocked instructions, allowing some other instructions to run while the value of C is being calculated. However these interlocks are very expensive in terms of chip real-estate, and represents the majority of the instruction scheduler's logic.
In order for the compiler to avoid these interlocks, it would have to know exactly how long each of these instructions would take to complete. For instance, if a particular implementation took three cycles to complete a floating-point multiplication, MAJC compilers would attempt to schedule in other instructions that took three cycles to complete and were not currently stalled. A change in the actual implementation might reduce this delay to only two instructions, however, and the compiler would need to be aware of this change.
This means that the compiler was not tied to MAJC as a whole, but a "particular implementation" of MAJC, each individual CPU based on the MAJC design. This would normally be a serious logistical problem; consider the number of different variations of the Intel IA-32 design for instance, each one would need its own dedicated compiler and the developer would have to produce a different binary for every one. However it is precisely this concept that drives the Java market–there is indeed a different compiler for each ISA, and it is installed on the client's machine instead of the developer's. The developer ships only a single bytecode version of their program, and the user's machine compiles that to the underlying platform.
In reality, scheduling instructions in this fashion turns out to be a very difficult problem. In real-world use, processors that attempt to do this scheduling at runtime encounter numerous events when the data needed is outside the cache, and there is no other instruction in the program that isn't also dependent on such data. In these cases the processor might stall for long periods, waiting on main memory. The VLIW approach does not help much in this regard; although the compiler might be able to spend more time looking for instructions to run, that doesn't mean that it can actually find one.
MAJC attempted to address this problem through the ability to execute code from other threads if the current thread stalled on memory. Switching threads is normally a very expensive process known as a context switch, and on a normal processor the switch would overwhelm any savings and generally slow the machine down. On MAJC, the system could hold the state for up to four threads in memory at the same time, reducing the context switch to a few instructions in length. This feature has since appeared on other processors; Intel refers to it as HyperThreading.
MAJC took this idea one step further, and tried to prefetch data and instructions needed for threads while they were stalled. Most processors include similar functionality for parts of an instruction stream, known as speculative execution, where the processor runs both of the possible outcomes of a branch while waiting for the deciding variable to calculate. MAJC instead continued to run the thread as if it were not stalled, using this execution to find and then load any data or instructions that would soon be needed when the thread stopped stalling. Sun referred to this as "Space-Time Computing" (STC), and it is a speculative multithreading design.
Processors up to this point had tried to extract parallelism in a single thread, a technique that was reaching its limits in terms of diminishing returns. In seems that in a general sense the MAJC design attempted to avoid stalls by running "across" threads (and programs) as opposed to looking for parallelism in a single thread. VLIW is generally expected to be somewhat worse in terms of stalls because it is difficult to understand runtime behavior at compile-time, making the MAJC approach in dealing with this problem particularly interesting.
Implementations.
Sun built a single model of the MAJC, the two-core "MAJC 5200", which was the heart of Sun's XVR-1000 and XVR-4000 workstation graphics boards. However many of the multicore and multithreading design ideas, notably in terms of using multiple threads to reduce stalling delays, have worked their way into the Sun SPARC processor line, as well as designs from other companies. Additionally, the MAJC idea of designing the processor to run as many threads as possible, as opposed to instructions, appears to be the basis of the later UltraSPARC T1 (code-named "Niagara") design.

</doc>
<doc id="2885691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885691" title="Robust statistics">
Robust statistics

Robust statistics are statistics with good performance for data drawn from a wide range of probability distributions, especially for distributions that are not normally distributed. Robust statistical methods have been developed for many common problems, such as estimating location, scale and regression parameters. One motivation is to produce statistical methods that are not unduly affected by outliers. Another motivation is to provide methods with good performance when there are small departures from parametric distributions. For example, robust methods work well for mixtures of two normal distributions with different standard-deviations, for example, one and three; under this model, non-robust methods like a t-test work badly.
Introduction.
Robust statistics seeks to provide methods that emulate popular statistical methods, but which are not unduly affected by outliers or other small departures from model assumptions. In statistics, classical estimation methods rely heavily on assumptions which are often not met in practice. In particular, it is often assumed that the data errors are normally distributed, at least approximately, or that the central limit theorem can be relied on to produce normally distributed estimates. Unfortunately, when there are outliers in the data, classical estimators often have very poor performance, when judged using the "breakdown point" and the "influence function", described below.
The practical effect of problems seen in the influence function can be studied empirically by examining the sampling distribution of proposed estimators under a mixture model, where one mixes in a small amount (1–5% is often sufficient) of contamination. For instance, one may use a mixture of 95% a normal distribution, and 5% a normal distribution with the same mean but significantly higher standard deviation (representing outliers).
Robust parametric statistics can proceed in two ways:
Robust estimates have been studied for the following problems:
Examples.
Trimmed estimators and Winsorised estimators are general methods to make statistics more robust. L-estimators are a general class of simple statistics, often robust, while M-estimators are a general class of robust statistics, and are now the preferred solution, though they can be quite involved to calculate.
Definition.
There are various definitions of a "robust statistic." Strictly speaking, a robust statistic is resistant to errors in the results, produced by deviations from assumptions (e.g., of normality). This means that if the assumptions are only approximately met, the robust estimator will still have a reasonable efficiency, and reasonably small bias, as well as being asymptotically unbiased, meaning having a bias tending towards 0 as the sample size tends towards infinity.
One of the most important cases is distributional robustness. Classical statistical procedures are typically sensitive to "longtailedness" (e.g., when the distribution of the data has longer tails than the assumed normal distribution). Thus, in the context of robust statistics, "distributionally robust" and "outlier-resistant" are effectively synonymous. For one perspective on research in robust statistics up to 2000, see Portnoy and He (2000).
A related topic is that of resistant statistics, which are resistant to the effect of extreme scores.
Example: speed of light data.
Gelman et al. in Bayesian Data Analysis (2004) consider a data set relating to speed of light measurements made by Simon Newcomb. The data sets for that book can be found via the Classic data sets page, and the book's website contains more information on the data.
Although the bulk of the data look to be more or less normally distributed, there are two obvious outliers. These outliers have a large effect on the mean, dragging it towards them, and away from the center of the bulk of the data. Thus, if the mean is intended as a measure of the location of the center of the data, it is, in a sense, biased when outliers are present.
Also, the distribution of the mean is known to be asymptotically normal due to the central limit theorem. However, outliers can make the distribution of the mean non-normal even for fairly large data sets. Besides this non-normality, the mean is also inefficient in the presence of outliers and less variable measures of location are available.
Estimation of location.
The plot below shows a density plot of the speed of light data, together with a rug plot (panel (a)). Also shown is a normal Q–Q plot (panel (b)). The outliers are clearly visible in these plots.
Panels (c) and (d) of the plot show the bootstrap distribution of the mean (c) and the 10% trimmed mean (d). The trimmed mean is a simple robust estimator of location that deletes a certain percentage of observations (10% here) "from each end" of the data, then computes the mean in the usual way. The analysis was performed in R and 10,000 bootstrap samples were used for each of the raw and trimmed means.
The distribution of the mean is clearly much wider than that of the 10% trimmed mean (the plots are on the same scale). Also note that whereas the distribution of the trimmed mean appears to be close to normal, the distribution of the raw mean is quite skewed to the left. So, in this sample of 66 observations, only 2 outliers cause the central limit theorem to be inapplicable.
Robust statistical methods, of which the trimmed mean is a simple example, seek to outperform classical statistical methods in the presence of outliers, or, more generally, when underlying parametric assumptions are not quite correct.
Whilst the trimmed mean performs well relative to the mean in this example, better robust estimates are available. In fact, the mean, median and trimmed mean are all special cases of M-estimators. Details appear in the sections below.
Estimation of scale.
The outliers in the speed of light data have more than just an adverse effect on the mean; the usual estimate of scale is the standard deviation, and this quantity is even more badly affected by outliers because the squares of the deviations from the mean go into the calculation, so the outliers' effects are exacerbated.
The plots below show the bootstrap distributions of the standard deviation, median absolute deviation (MAD) and Qn estimator of scale (Rousseeuw and Croux, 1993). The plots are based on 10000 bootstrap samples for each estimator, with some Gaussian noise added to the resampled data (smoothed bootstrap). Panel (a) shows the distribution of the standard deviation, (b) of the MAD and (c) of Qn.
The distribution of standard deviation is erratic and wide, a result of the outliers. The MAD is better behaved, and Qn is a little bit more efficient than MAD. This simple example demonstrates that when outliers are present, the standard deviation cannot be recommended as an estimate of scale.
Manual screening for outliers.
Traditionally, statisticians would manually screen data for outliers, and remove them, usually checking the source of the data to see if the outliers were erroneously recorded. Indeed, in the speed of light example above, it is easy to see and remove the two outliers prior to proceeding with any further analysis. However, in modern times, data sets often consist of large numbers of variables being measured on large numbers of experimental units. Therefore, manual screening for outliers is often impractical.
Outliers can often interact in such a way that they mask each other. As a simple example, consider a small univariate data set containing one modest and one large outlier. The estimated standard deviation will be grossly inflated by the large outlier. The result is that the modest outlier looks relatively normal. As soon as the large outlier is removed, the estimated standard deviation shrinks, and the modest outlier now looks unusual.
This problem of masking gets worse as the complexity of the data increases. For example, in regression problems, diagnostic plots are used to identify outliers. However, it is common that once a few outliers have been removed, others become visible. The problem is even worse in higher dimensions.
Robust methods provide automatic ways of detecting, downweighting (or removing), and flagging outliers, largely removing the need for manual screening. Care must be taken; initial data showing the ozone hole first appearing over Antarctica were rejected as outliers by non-human screening
Variety of applications.
Although this article deals with general principles for univariate statistical methods, robust methods also exist for regression problems, generalized linear models, and parameter estimation of various distributions.
Measures of robustness.
The basic tools used to describe and measure robustness are, the "breakdown point", the "influence function" and the "sensitivity curve".
Breakdown point.
Intuitively, the breakdown point of an estimator is the proportion of incorrect observations (e.g. arbitrarily large observations) an estimator can handle before giving an incorrect (e.g., arbitrarily large) result. For example, given formula_1 independent random variables formula_2 and the corresponding realizations formula_3, we can use formula_4 to estimate the mean. Such an estimator has a breakdown point of 0 because we can make formula_5 arbitrarily large just by changing any of formula_6.
The higher the breakdown point of an estimator, the more robust it is. Intuitively, we can understand that a breakdown point cannot exceed 50% because if more than half of the observations are contaminated, it is not possible to distinguish between the underlying distribution and the contaminating distribution. Therefore, the maximum breakdown point is 0.5 and there are estimators which achieve such a breakdown point. For example, the median has a breakdown point of 0.5. The X% trimmed mean has breakdown point of X%, for the chosen level of X. Huber (1981) and Maronna et al. (2006) contain more details. The level and the power breakdown points of tests are investigated in He et al. (1990).
Statistics with high breakdown points are sometimes called resistant statistics.
Example: speed of light data.
In the speed of light example, removing the two lowest observations causes the mean to change from 26.2 to 27.75, a change of 1.55. The estimate of scale produced by the Qn method is 6.3. We can divide this by the square root of the sample size to get a robust standard error, and we find this quantity to be 0.78. Thus, the change in the mean resulting from removing two outliers is approximately twice the robust standard error.
The 10% trimmed mean for the speed of light data is 27.43. Removing the two lowest observations and recomputing gives 27.67. Clearly, the trimmed mean is less affected by the outliers and has a higher breakdown point.
Notice that if we replace the lowest observation, -44, by -1000, the mean becomes 11.73, whereas the 10% trimmed mean is still 27.43. In many areas of applied statistics, it is common for data to be log-transformed to make them near symmetrical. Very small values become large negative when log-transformed, and zeroes become negatively infinite. Therefore, this example is of practical interest.
Empirical influence function.
The empirical influence function is a measure of the dependence of the estimator on the value of one of the points in the sample. It is a model-free measure in the sense that it simply relies on calculating the estimator again with a different sample. On the right is Tukey's biweight function, which, as we will later see, is an example of what a "good" (in a sense defined later on) empirical influence function should look like.
In mathematical terms, an influence function is defined as a vector in the space of the estimator, which is in turn defined for a sample which is a subset of the population:
For example,
The definition of an empirical influence function is:
Let formula_16 and formula_17 are i.i.d. and formula_18 is a sample from these variables. formula_19 is an estimator. Let formula_20. The empirical influence function formula_21 at observation formula_22 is defined by:
formula_23
Note that formula_24.
What this actually means is that we are replacing the i-th value in the sample by an arbitrary value and looking at the output of the estimator. Alternatively, the EIF is defined as the (scaled by n+1 instead of n) effect on the estimator of adding the point formula_25 to the sample.
Influence function and sensitivity curve.
Instead of relying solely on the data, we could use the distribution of the random variables. The approach is quite different from that of the previous paragraph. What we are now trying to do is to see what happens to an estimator when we change the distribution of the data slightly: it assumes a "distribution," and measures sensitivity to change in this distribution. By contrast, the empirical influence assumes a "sample set," and measures sensitivity to change in the samples.
Let formula_26 be a convex subset of the set of all finite signed measures on formula_27. We want to estimate the parameter formula_28 of a distribution formula_29 in formula_26. Let the functional formula_31 be the asymptotic value of some estimator sequence formula_32. We will suppose that this functional is Fisher consistent, i.e. formula_33. This means that at the model formula_29, the estimator sequence asymptotically measures the correct quantity.
Let formula_35 be some distribution in formula_26. What happens when the data doesn't follow the model formula_29 exactly but another, slightly different, "going towards" formula_35?
We're looking at: formula_39,
which is the one-sided directional derivative of formula_40 at formula_29, in the direction of formula_42.
Let formula_43. formula_44 is the probability measure which gives mass 1 to formula_45. We choose formula_46. The influence function is then defined by:
formula_47
It describes the effect of an infinitesimal contamination at the point formula_25 on the estimate we are seeking, standardized by the mass formula_49 of the contamination (the asymptotic bias caused by contamination in the observations). For a robust estimator, we want a bounded influence function, that is, one which does not go to infinity as x becomes arbitrarily large.
Desirable properties.
Properties of an influence function which bestow it with desirable performance are:
Rejection point.
formula_53
Gross-error sensitivity.
formula_54
Local-shift sensitivity.
formula_55
This value, which looks a lot like a Lipschitz constant, represents the effect of shifting an observation slightly from formula_25 to a neighbouring point formula_57, i.e., add an observation at formula_57 and remove one at formula_25.
M-estimators.
"(The mathematical context of this paragraph is given in the section on empirical influence functions.)"
Historically, several approaches to robust estimation were proposed, including R-estimators and L-estimators. However, M-estimators now appear to dominate the field as a result of their generality, high breakdown point, and their efficiency. See Huber (1981).
M-estimators are a generalization of maximum likelihood estimators (MLEs). What we try to do with MLE's is to maximize formula_60 or, equivalently, minimize formula_61. In 1964, Huber proposed to generalize this to the minimization of formula_62, where formula_63 is some function. MLE are therefore a special case of M-estimators (hence the name: ""M"aximum likelihood type" estimators).
Minimizing formula_62 can often be done by differentiating formula_63 and solving formula_66, where formula_67 (if formula_63 has a derivative).
Several choices of formula_63 and formula_70 have been proposed. The two figures below show four formula_63 functions and their corresponding formula_70 functions.
For squared errors, formula_73 increases at an accelerating rate, whilst for absolute errors, it increases at a constant rate. When Winsorizing is used, a mixture of these two effects is introduced: for small values of x, formula_63 increases at the squared rate, but once the chosen threshold is reached (1.5 in this example), the rate of increase becomes constant. This Winsorised estimator is also known as the Huber loss function.
Tukey's biweight (also known as bisquare) function behaves in a similar way to the squared error function at first, but for larger errors, the function tapers off.
Properties of M-estimators.
Notice that M-estimators do not necessarily relate to a probability density function. Therefore, off-the-shelf approaches to inference that arise from likelihood theory can not, in general, be used.
It can be shown that M-estimators are asymptotically normally distributed, so that as long as their standard errors can be computed, an approximate approach to inference is available.
Since M-estimators are normal only asymptotically, for small sample sizes it might be appropriate to use an alternative approach to inference, such as the bootstrap. However, M-estimates are not necessarily unique (i.e., there might be more than one solution that satisfies the equations). Also, it is possible that any particular bootstrap sample can contain more outliers than the estimator's breakdown point. Therefore, some care is needed when designing bootstrap schemes.
Of course, as we saw with the speed of light example, the mean is only normally distributed asymptotically and when outliers are present the approximation can be very poor even for quite large samples. However, classical statistical tests, including those based on the mean, are typically bounded above by the nominal size of the test. The same is not true of M-estimators and the type I error rate can be substantially above the nominal level.
These considerations do not "invalidate" M-estimation in any way. They merely make clear that some care is needed in their use, as is true of any other method of estimation.
Influence function of an M-estimator.
It can be shown that the influence function of an M-estimator formula_40 is proportional to formula_70 (see Huber, 1981 (and 2004), page 45), which means we can derive the properties of such an estimator (such as its rejection point, gross-error sensitivity or local-shift sensitivity) when we know its formula_70 function.
formula_78
with the formula_79 given by:
formula_80.
Choice of formula_70 and formula_63.
In many practical situations, the choice of the formula_70 function is not critical to gaining a good robust estimate, and many choices will give similar results that offer great improvements, in terms of efficiency and bias, over classical estimates in the presence of outliers (Huber, 1981).
Theoretically, formula_70 functions are to be preferred, and Tukey's biweight (also known as bisquare) function is a popular choice. Maronna et al. (2006) recommend the biweight function with efficiency at the normal set to 85%.
Robust parametric approaches.
M-estimators do not necessarily relate to a density function and so are not fully parametric. Fully parametric approaches to robust modeling and inference, both Bayesian and likelihood approaches, usually deal with heavy tailed distributions such as Student's "t"-distribution.
For the "t"-distribution with formula_85 degrees of freedom, it can be shown that
formula_86.
For formula_87, the "t"-distribution is equivalent to the Cauchy distribution. Notice that the degrees of freedom is sometimes known as the "kurtosis parameter". It is the parameter that controls how heavy the tails are. In principle, formula_85 can be estimated from the data in the same way as any other parameter. In practice, it is common for there to be multiple local maxima when formula_85 is allowed to vary. As such, it is common to fix formula_85 at a value around 4 or 6. The figure below displays the formula_70-function for 4 different values of formula_85.
Example: speed of light data.
For the speed of light data, allowing the kurtosis parameter to vary and maximizing the likelihood, we get
formula_93
Fixing formula_94 and maximizing the likelihood gives
formula_95
Related concepts.
A pivotal quantity is a function of data, whose underlying population distribution is a member of a parametric family, that is not dependent on the values of the parameters. An ancillary statistic is such a function that is also a statistic, meaning that it is computed in terms of the data alone. Such functions are robust to parameters in the sense that they are independent of the values of the parameters, but not robust to the model in the sense that they assume an underlying model (parametric family), and in fact such functions are often very sensitive to violations of the model assumptions. Thus test statistics, frequently constructed in terms of these to not be sensitive to assumptions about parameters, are still very sensitive to model assumptions.
Replacing outliers and missing values.
If there are relatively few missing points, there are some models which can be used to estimate values to complete the series, such as replacing missing values with the mean or median of the data. Simple linear regression can also be used to estimate missing values (MacDonald and Zucchini, 1997; Harvey, 1989). In addition, outliers can sometimes be accommodated in the data through the use of trimmed means, other scale estimators apart from standard deviation (e.g., MAD) and Winsorization (McBean and Rovers, 1998). In calculations of a trimmed mean, a fixed percentage of data is dropped from each end of an ordered data, thus eliminating the outliers. The mean is then calculated using the remaining data. Winsorizing involves accommodating an outlier by replacing it with the next highest or next smallest value as appropriate (Rustum & Adeloye, 2007).
However, using these types of models to predict missing values or outliers in a long time series is difficult and often unreliable, particularly if the number of values to be in-filled is relatively high in comparison with total record length. The accuracy of the estimate depends on how good and representative the model is and how long the period of missing values extends (Rosen and Lennox, 2001). The in a case of a dynamic process, so any variable is dependent, not just on the historical time series of the same variable but also on several other variables or parameters of the process. In other words, the problem is an exercise in multivariate analysis rather than the univariate approach of most of the traditional methods of estimating missing values and outliers; a multivariate model will therefore be more representative than a univariate one for predicting missing values. The kohonin self organising map (KSOM) offers a simple and robust multivariate model for data analysis, thus providing good possibilities to estimate missing values, taking into account its relationship or correlation with other pertinent variables in the data record (Rustum & Adeloye 2007).
Standard Kalman filters are not robust to outliers. To this end Ting, Theodorou and Schaal have recently shown that a modification of Masreliez's theorem can deal with outliers.
One common approach to handle outliers in data analysis is to perform outlier detection first, followed by an efficient estimation method (e.g., the least squares). While this approach is often useful, one must keep in mind two challenges. First, an outlier deletion method that relies on a non-robust initial fit can suffer from the effect of masking, that is, a group of outliers can mask each other and escape detection (Rousseeuw and Leroy, 2007). Second, if a high breakdown initial fit is used for outlier detection, the follow-up analysis might inherit some of the inefficiencies of the initial estimator (He and Portnoy, 1992).

</doc>
<doc id="2885693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885693" title="YUT">
YUT

YUT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885696" title="Matthew Kirk">
Matthew Kirk

Matthew John Lushington Kirk (born 10 October 1960) was a British diplomat. He was the British Ambassador to Finland from August 22, 2002 until he resigned from the Diplomatic Service in 2006 to take up a position as Director of External Relationships for Vodafone.
The youngest son of Sir Peter Michael Kirk MP, Kirk was educated at Felsted School and St John's College, Oxford. In 1989, he married Anna Thérèse Macey, with whom he has two children- Georgina and Alexandra Kirk.

</doc>
<doc id="2885698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885698" title="Alquifou">
Alquifou

Alquifou (based, along with the word alcohol, on the Arabic word "al-kuhl"), is a lead ore found in Cornwall, England, used by potters for its green glaze.

</doc>
<doc id="2885714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885714" title="Lake Martignano">
Lake Martignano

Lake Martignano (Italian: Lago di Martignano), is a small lake in Lazio, Italy north-north-west of Rome, in an extinct crater or maar.
Overview.
In ancient times Lake Martignano was part of southern Etruria and called Alsietinus Lacus. Augustus drew from it the Aqua Alsietina; the water was hardly fit to drink, and was mainly intended to supply his naumachia (lake made for a sham naval battle) at Rome, near San Francesco a Ripa, on the right bank of the Tiber, where some traces of the aqueduct were perhaps found in 1720. The course of the aqueduct, which was mainly subterranean, is practically unknown: Frontinus tells us that it received a branch from the lake of Bracciano near Careiae (Galera): and an inscription relating to it was found in this district in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="2885718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885718" title="Art Lande">
Art Lande

Art Lande (born February 5, 1947) is a jazz pianist, drummer, composer and educator.
Born in New York City, he began piano at age 4, studied at Williams College, and moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1969. He made the first record of his own compositions in 1973 for ECM Records, in a duo with saxophonist/flutist Jan Garbarek. The record name, "Red Lanta", was the first of several anagrams of his name that Lande used in his titles.
In 1976 he founded the jazz quartet "Rubisa Patrol", with Mark Isham on trumpet, Bill Douglass on bass, and Glenn Cronkhite (later replaced by Kurt Wortmann) on drums. "Rubisa Patrol" played jazz standards, but also a lot of original music.
They performed in the Bay Area and toured extensively in Europe by van. This group made two records for ECM: "Rubisa Patrol" (1976), "Desert Marauders" (1977) The band also released a third album titled "The Story Of Ba-Ku" (1978) on the 1750 Arch Records label.
In the early 1980s Lande taught at The Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle. For three years beginning in 1983 Lande was based in Switzerland where he taught in a jazz school in St. Gallen. In 1987 he moved to Boulder, Colorado to teach at Naropa University. Since then he has continued to reside in Boulder and has worked extensively with many locally-based musicians.
Lande has written many compositions, but is also known for his unusual and distinctive interpretations of popular and jazz standards. He has made several solo piano recordings devoted to such material, including "The Eccentricities of Earl Dant" (another anagram) in 1977, Art Lande: Hardball! (1987), Art Lande: Melissa Spins Away (1987), "Friday the Thirteenth" (1996), featuring 13 Thelonious Monk compositions, and "While She Sleeps" (2005).
While always best known as a pianist, since the mid-1990s Lande has also played and recorded with several groups as a drummer.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Paul McCandless
Rabbit Ears Productions Children's Series

</doc>
<doc id="2885723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885723" title="Prize Playing">
Prize Playing

A Prize Playing was a test of martial skill popular in Renaissance England with the London-based Corporation of Masters of the Noble Science of Defence.
It involved several dozen bouts against continually refreshing opponents, with little or no rest in between.
This practice was revived after a fashion in the late 17th century in the form of "Prize Fights", whence the term prizefighting for modern professional boxing.
Renaissance Prize Playings.
The time and place for a Prize Playing was determined by the four Ancient Masters of the school. Notices called Bills of Challenge were posted of the event and a wooden scaffolding was erected in a public square. A good number of formalities were observed and at one time rules were endorsed by the Crown. On the appointed day and time, following a procession of drums and flags the Player was paraded to the raised scaffold with much fanfare. The public gathered close to watch, cheer, and throw coins onto the platform; the student would end up making a profit at the end of the day from this. Prize events also attracted new students—from which the Company earned the major part of its income.
At the start, a senior Master would declare the name of the Player, the rank being sought, and then announce “The first bout to be at weapon”. Bouts were fought using 'blunts' (dulled and rounded weapons) and played to a number of 'hits' rather than to a 'victory'. The term “play” at the time referred to competing or practice sparring, as opposed to a life and death fight. Although not real, the fights were not displays or exhibitions. They were free-sparring practices just earnest enough to properly evaluate the Player and not arranged as public spectacle. The contact was limited, but it was at full speed. The bouts could sometimes be bloody, but never lethal. No armor was used and blows were limited to above the waist, but even the bare head and hands were targets. Only a few instances are recorded of students failing their Prize, with none ever being killed. Interestingly, the student had to pay for the travel expenses of 'answerers' (opponents) coming from outside of London (all Masters within 36 miles were required to attend).
Two bouts had to be played with a number of different weapons against as few as four and as many as ten opponents each. To Play their Prize, a student might face in a single afternoon an average total of sixty bouts or more. These were all against more senior opponents, with little rest in between. The job of the answerers was not to break or beat the Player but to seriously test them. The 'Prize' meant promotion and the respect and acceptance of one's peers.
The fight itself consisted of those traditional English weapons as taught in the “Schole” and dating back to the early Middle Ages. For the challenged Scholar, the weapons to be judged on were fixed at Longsword and Backsword. For the Free Scholar, there was a choice of any three weapons (usually longsword, backsword, and sword & buckler). For the Provost, there was a choice of any four weapons (usually the same as the Free Scholar but also including at least one polearm). Provosts playing for their “Master's Prize” would face an agonizing ten bouts with eight weapons each, including single dagger, quarterstaff, and two-handed sword. Among the other weapons sometimes played were Morris-pike, flail, sword & dagger, and sword & gauntlet. Starting around 1580, the rapier and rapier & dagger were included.
Once all the bouts were over, judgment of passage was made by the four senior Masters. A victorious prizer might be declared “a well-tryd and sufficient man with divers weapons”. After collecting thrown change, the Player was escorted back to the school, again with great fanfare, took his oath, paid his fees, and did much drinking (which he was also expected to pay for). The whole event might even last two days.
Prize Fights.
During the late 17th to mid 18th centuries in England, long after the London schools and true Masters had faded, a revival of Prizing took place. But in these bouts mostly common, unskilled brawlers and street ruffians would fight for money against all challengers. They were also called “prizefighters” in reference to earlier days. Though also using blunted weapons, most of these fights were quite bloody affairs with some ending in deaths. Today, they are often confused with the old Masters and their students Playing the Prize.
Eventually, pugilism was added to the shows and it became so popular that weapons were finally dropped from the contests altogether.
This is the origin of today's modern boxing “prizefights”.

</doc>
<doc id="2885729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885729" title="Buzz (mascot)">
Buzz (mascot)

Buzz is one of the two official mascots of the Georgia Institute of Technology. Buzz is usually represented as a stylized yellowjacket with yellow-and-black fur, white wings, a yellow head, and antennae. He is almost never drawn with six legs, but rather with arms, legs, hands (in white gloves) and feet (in black Converse high tops), like a human. Invented in 1972 and reinvented in 1979, Buzz reflects the tradition of referring to Georgia Tech students as "Yellow Jackets." Buzz is also one of Georgia Tech's emblems and trademarks, one that they defended in a 1998 legal conflict with the Salt Lake Buzz.
Tradition.
Like many mascots, Buzz communicates via hand gestures and sign language, rather than speech. At some school events, there are a few people who dress up as Buzz. The identities of these individuals must be kept secret until their graduation. They must be in excellent physical condition, about 5'4" tall, and must be able to do a front "suicide" flip called a Buzz Flip, Buzz's trademark move. Those interested in donning the Buzz suit must take part in a two-day tryout, judged by the former Buzz. Buzz is officially part of Georgia Tech's cheerleading team, so the Buzz tryout happens at the same time as the other cheerleading tryouts.
Buzz is beloved by Georgia Tech students and fans for his spirit and antics. He is a prankster and likes to crowd-surf. Buzz is seen at football games, basketball games, Georgia Tech Six Flags Night, and other events. Buzz has parachuted onto the field for pre-game festivities, does push-ups every time Tech scores, and conducts the band for the Budweiser song, a common jingle for the beer. Buzz is involved with charity events, team photos, sports conventions, and official Georgia Tech events such as the annual President’s Dinner. Buzz can also be hired for social gatherings, such as weddings and birthday parties.
History.
The term Yellow Jacket or Yellowjacket has been used to refer to students and the various sports teams as early as the 1890s. Fans of Georgia Tech would often wear yellow jackets to sporting events in support of the early Georgia Tech teams. The early football teams, lacking gold fabric for jerseys, wore yellow jerseys. John Heisman told the Atlanta Constitution that he wanted his teams to be referred to as the Yellow Jackets in October 1905. In November 1906, the Atlanta Journal portrayed a University of Georgia football player being attacked by a yellowjacket with the words "Somebody's about to get stung" as the caption. This was the first time that the Georgia Tech sports teams were referred to as the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in print.
Invention and reinvention.
The original Georgia Tech Yellow Jacket mascot was Judi McNair who, according to the Winter 2004 edition of the Georgia Tech Alumni Association "Tech Topics" magazine, donned a homemade yellowjacket costume in 1972 and performed at home football games. She rode on the Ramblin' Wreck and appears in the 1972 Georgia Tech Blueprint yearbook. McNair's mascot was considered a great idea, as it was a big hit with the fans.
In 1979, McNair's idea for a Yellow Jacket was reintroduced by another Georgia Tech student, Richie Bland. Bland, who was apparently unaware of McNair's prior initiative, paid $1,400 to have a local theme park costume designer make a yellow jacket costume that he first wore at a pep rally prior to the Tennessee football game. Rather than obtain permission from Georgia Tech as Judi had done in 1972, this student, a few weeks later simply sneaked onto the field in costume during a football game and ran across the field. The fans naturally believed that this costumed character was acting as an official member of the cheerleading squad and responded accordingly. By 1980 this new incarnation of the yellow jacket mascot was given the name Buzz Bee and was adopted as an official mascot by Georgia Tech. This new Buzz character would be the model for a new Georgia Tech emblem, designed in 1985 by Mike Lester.
Salt Lake Buzz lawsuit.
In 1998, Georgia Tech filed a trademark infringement lawsuit against the Salt Lake Buzz, a Pacific Coast League minor league baseball team. The Institute had negotiated a deal with the team, but the team backed out of the agreement before it was finalized and filed suit in Utah for the right to use the mark. Tech filed a countersuit and won in 2001. As a result, the team was forced to change its name (to the "Salt Lake Stingers"; several years later, it would adopt its current name of the "Salt Lake Bees") and pay Georgia Tech $600,000, although Georgia Tech spent $700,000 to $800,000 during the dispute.
Contests and stunts.
Buzz participates in several mascot contests. In 1997, Buzz won an Access Atlanta poll due to creative ballot stuffing by Tech students. In 2005 and 2006, Buzz was named to the Capital One All-American Mascot Teams and participated in the Capital One Mascot Challenge. In 2000 and 2001, Buzz won the NCA (National Cheerleaders Assoc) mascot of the year and in 2004 and 2006, Buzz received second place in the NCA Mascot Competition in Daytona, Florida. On June 14, 2008, Buzz rappelled down the 40 story Viewpoint lofts building in Midtown, Atlanta as part of a university fundraiser.

</doc>
<doc id="2885742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885742" title="Alsium">
Alsium

Alsium (; modern: Palo) was an ancient city on the coast of Etruria, between Pyrgi and Fregenae, at the distance of from the Portus Augusti ("mod." Porto) at the mouth of the Tiber (Itin. Ant. p. 301.), on the Via Aurelia, by which it is about 35 km from Rome. It was one of the oldest cities of Etruria, but does not appear in history until the Roman colonization of 247 BCE, and was never of great importance, except as a resort of wealthy Romans, many of whom (Pompey, the Antonine emperors) had villas there.
History.
Its name is mentioned by Dionysius among the cities which were founded by the Pelasgians in connection with the aborigines, and afterwards wrested from them by the Tyrrhenians (Etruscans). But no mention of it occurs in history as an Etruscan city, or during the wars of that people with Rome. In 247 BCE, a Roman colony was established there, which was placed on the same footing with the other "coloniae maritimae"; and in common with these claimed exemption from all military service, a claim which was, however, overruled during the exigencies of the Second Punic War. No subsequent notice of it occurs in history, but its name is mentioned by Strabo, Pliny, and Ptolemy, and we learn from an inscription of the time of Caracalla that it still retained its colonial rank, and corresponding municipal organization. 
It appears to have early become a favorite resort with the wealthy Romans as a place of retirement and pleasure; thus we find that Pompey the Great had a villa there, and Julis Caesar also, where he landed on his return from Africa, and at which all the nobles of Rome hastened to greet him. Another is mentioned as belonging to Verginius Rufus, the guardian of Pliny, and we learn from Fronto that the emperor Marcus Aurelius had a villa there, to which several of his epistles are addressed. At a later period the town itself had fallen into utter decay, but the site was still occupied by villas, as well as that of the neighbouring Pyrgi.
The site.
The site of Alsium is clearly fixed by the distance from Porto, at the modern village of Palo, with a fort and mole of the 17th century, in the construction of which many ancient materials have been used. Besides these, the whole shore to the east of the village, for the space of more than a mile, is occupied by the remains of buildings which appear to have belonged to a Roman villa of imperial date, and of the most magnificent scale and style of construction.
Northeast of Palo is a row of large mounds called I Monteroni, which belong to tombs of the Etruscan cemetery. Considerable remains of ancient villas still exist along the low sandy coast, one of which, just east of Palo, occupies an area of some . The medieval castle belongs to the Odescalchi family. Palo includes today only the old castle: it is part of the "comune" of Ladispoli, a bathing resort founded by Prince Ladislao Odescalchi in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="2885743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885743" title="2003 Origins Award winners">
2003 Origins Award winners

The following are the winners of the 29th annual Origins Award, held in 2003:

</doc>
<doc id="2885745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885745" title="Jaakko Laajava">
Jaakko Laajava

Jaakko Laajava (born June 23, 1947) is the Finnish Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Security Policy. He was Under-Secretary of State for Foreign and Security Policy from 2001 until 2005, when he became Ambassador to the United Kingdom in 2005. In 2010 he returned to his previous Under-Secretary position. Prior to this he was Finland's ambassador to the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2885749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885749" title="I Wanna Be Your Lady">
I Wanna Be Your Lady

"I Wanna Be Your Lady" was the first single released from the "Hinda" album of Hinda Hicks and features Shaznay Lewis on vocals. It charted at 109 in the UK Singles Chart on its first release, but peaked on #14 on its second release of 15 August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2885754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885754" title="De Tomaso Mangusta">
De Tomaso Mangusta

The De Tomaso Mangusta is a sports car from Italian automobile manufacturer De Tomaso produced between 1967 and 1971.
History.
The Mangusta replaced the Vallelunga model, on which its chassis was based. The word "mangusta" is Italian for "mongoose", an animal that can kill cobras. It was rumored that the car was so named because De Tomaso had some talks with Carroll Shelby to replace the Shelby Cobra with a racing car to be built in Italy by the Argentine-born De Tomaso ("De Tomaso Sport 5000" a.k.a. "De Tomaso P70"), but no deal was signed since Shelby became involved in the Ford GT40 racing program. Nevertheless, Alejandro de Tomaso and Carroll Shelby were friends and business is business, so it is also rumored that the first handful of engines for the Mangusta may have come from Shelby. The Mangusta was replaced by the much cheaper-to-build De Tomaso Pantera in 1971.
401 Mangustas were built, about 150 of the European version, the remainder were the North American version. The initial cars are claimed to have a more powerful Ford HiPo 289 cu. in. engine; the later cars all had Ford 302 engines. With the 1970 model USA destined cars were produced with 2 headlamp pop-up, an estimated 50 cars were produced in this configuration. One car was built with a Chevrolet engine for General Motors-Vice President, Bill Mitchell. There are reported to be approximately 250 of the 401 cars left in existence, according to the three available registries.
Specifications.
Originally fitted with Ford 289 V8 engine mid-mounted (Eu version), in the North American market the Mangusta was introduced with a Ford 302 V8 engine , driving through a 5 speed ZF transaxle. Giorgetto Giugiaro designed the car, which is easily recognised by its gull wing doors over the engine and luggage compartment. Disc brakes were standard at all four corners. Four wheel independent suspension, rack & pinion steering, A/C, power windows, were ahead of other manufacturer of the time. Journalist Paul Frere claimed he achieved a top speed of 250 km/h (155 mph).
The Mangusta was relatively inexpensive for the time but, with a 32/68 weight distribution and a less than solid chassis, suffered from stability problems and poor handling. The car was also cramped and had extremely low ground clearance.
Revival.
The Mangusta name was revived in the early 2000s when the concept car De Tomaso Biguà became the Qvale Mangusta, after a dispute between De Tomaso and business partner Qvale. The Qvale sold only in limited numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="2885757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885757" title="Altenstein">
Altenstein

Schloss Altenstein, in Germany, is a palace upon a rocky mountain in Saxe-Meiningen, on the south-western slope of the Thuringian Forest, not far from Eisenach. It was the summer residence of the Dukes of Meiningen, and is surrounded by a 160 hectares (1.6 square kilometres) noble park, which contains, among other objects of interest, a remarkable underground cavern, 500 ft. long, through which flows a large and rapid stream. 
Boniface, the apostle of the Germans, lived and preached at Altenstein in 724 and built a chapel. The original castle at this place was mentioned in 774. The castle was destroyed many times, rebuilt and reconstructed, later not mainly for defensive use but as manor-house or palace. Parts of the former buildings can still be seen.
The current palace was built around 1750 and reconstructed twice. In 1982, it was destroyed by a fire and only the outer walls survived. Since 1984, it has been in the process of being rebuilt, but due to the situation during the German reunification, only the roof and some windows were fixed. The interior is under construction and is expected to be finished in 2015.
Nearby is the place where, in 1521, Martin Luther was seized by the order of the elector Frederick the Wise, to be carried off to the Wartburg. An old beech called "Luther's tree," which tradition connected with the reformer, was blown down in 1841, and a small monument now stands in its place.
Altenstein is a part of the city of Bad Liebenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="2885764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885764" title="Wilfred Abse">
Wilfred Abse

David Wilfred Abse (15 March 1915 – 4 November 2005) was a Welsh psychiatrist. 
Abse was born in Cardiff, a brother of the poet Dannie Abse (born 1923) and the politician Leo Abse (1917-2008). An eminent psychoanalyst, Abse spent the greater part of his career in Charlottesville, Virginia where he was a professor of psychiatry at the University of Virginia from 1962 until 2000. Abse was known for his work in group therapy and hysteria, and contributed to the "Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease". It was said that his younger brother Leo got his habit of Freudian allusion in his speeches from Wilfred.

</doc>
<doc id="2885772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885772" title="Lancy">
Lancy

Lancy is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
History.
Lancy is first mentioned in 1097 as "Lanciaco".
Geography.
Lancy has an area, , of . Of this area, or 5.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 6.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 89.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes. 
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 8.2% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 45.7% and transportation infrastructure made up 26.4%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.7% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 6.3%. Out of the forested land, 5.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.4% is used for growing crops and 1.5% is pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located on the left bank of the Rhone river. It consists of the villages of Grand-Lancy and Petit-Lancy (which are separated from each other by the Aire valley) as well as the hamlets of Pesay, Saint-Georges, La Tour, La Vendée, Le Pont Rouge.
The municipality of Lancy consists of the sub-sections or villages of Les Grandes-Communes, Lancy - Saint-Georges, Petit-Lancy - Tivoli, Surville, La Praille - Pont-Rouge, La Praille - Marchandises, La Praille - Rte des Jeunes, La Praille - stade, Lancy - La Chapelle, Le Bachet, Les Palettes.
Demographics.
Lancy has a population () of . , 35.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 12%. It has changed at a rate of 6.2% due to migration and at a rate of 6.2% due to births and deaths. 
Most of the population () speaks French (20,422 or 79.5%), with Portuguese being second most common (1,031 or 4.0%) and Italian being third (1,029 or 4.0%). There are 883 people who speak German and 10 people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.2% male and 51.8% female. The population was made up of 8,568 Swiss men (29.7% of the population) and 5,311 (18.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 9,994 Swiss women (34.7%) and 4,938 (17.1%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 4,565 or about 17.8% were born in Lancy and lived there in 2000. There were 6,166 or 24.0% who were born in the same canton, while 4,305 or 16.8% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 9,294 or 36.2% were born outside of Switzerland. 
In there were 200 live births to Swiss citizens and 119 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 132 deaths of Swiss citizens and 31 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 68 while the foreign population increased by 88. There were 93 Swiss men and 78 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 263 non-Swiss men and 246 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 179 and the non-Swiss population increased by 383 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.1%. 
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 22.6% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 62.7% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 14.7%. 
, there were 10,070 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 12,343 married individuals, 1,327 widows or widowers and 1,948 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 11,205 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. There were 4,092 households that consist of only one person and 511 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 11,466 households that answered this question, 35.7% were households made up of just one person and there were 52 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 2,908 married couples without children, 3,173 married couples with children There were 834 single parents with a child or children. There were 146 households that were made up of unrelated people and 261 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing. 
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 23.87% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.8%), the Green Party (14.47%) and the CVP (11.59%). In the federal election, a total of 6,431 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 45.7%.
In the 2009 Grand Conseil election, there were a total of 14,212 registered voters of which 5,390 (37.9%) voted. The most popular party in the municipality for this election was the MCG with 20.7% of the ballots. In the canton-wide election they received the third highest proportion of votes. The second most popular party was the Les Socialistes (with 13.3%), they were fourth in the canton-wide election, while the third most popular party was the Les Verts (with 12.9%), they were second in the canton-wide election.
For the 2009 Conseil d'Etat election, there were a total of 14,236 registered voters of which 6,558 (46.1%) voted.
In 2011, all the municipalities held local elections, and in Lancy there were 35 spots open on the municipal council. There were a total of 19,698 registered voters of which 7,004 (35.6%) voted. Out of the 7,004 votes, there were 29 blank votes, 39 null or unreadable votes and 306 votes with a name that was not on the list.
Transport.
The commune has the head office of Geneva Public Transport.
Economy.
, Lancy had an unemployment rate of 6.9%. , there were 12 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 1,785 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 227 businesses in this sector. 15,091 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 887 businesses in this sector. There were 12,713 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 45.6% of the workforce. 
, there were 10,930 workers who commuted into the municipality and 10,351 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.1 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 15.1% of the workforce coming into Lancy are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.1% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 32.5% used public transportation to get to work, and 48.3% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 11,624 or 45.3% were Roman Catholic, while 4,046 or 15.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 333 members of an Orthodox church (or about 1.30% of the population), there were 53 individuals (or about 0.21% of the population) who belonged to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 509 individuals (or about 1.98% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 94 individuals (or about 0.37% of the population) who were Jewish, and 1,004 (or about 3.91% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 68 individuals who were Buddhist, 42 individuals who were Hindu and 46 individuals who belonged to another church. 5,455 (or about 21.24% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 2,414 individuals (or about 9.40% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Lancy about 8,219 or (32.0%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 3,799 or (14.8%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 3,799 who completed tertiary schooling, 40.4% were Swiss men, 32.1% were Swiss women, 16.5% were non-Swiss men and 11.0% were non-Swiss women. 
During the 2009-2010 school year there were a total of 5,817 students in the Lancy school system. The education system in the Canton of Geneva allows young children to attend two years of non-obligatory Kindergarten. During that school year, there were 494 children who were in a pre-kindergarten class. The canton's school system provides two years of non-mandatory kindergarten and requires students to attend six years of primary school, with some of the children attending smaller, specialized classes. In Lancy there were 889 students in kindergarten or primary school and 150 students were in the special, smaller classes. The secondary school program consists of three lower, obligatory years of schooling, followed by three to five years of optional, advanced schools. There were 889 lower secondary students who attended school in Lancy. There were 1,356 upper secondary students from the municipality along with 232 students who were in a professional, non-university track program. An additional 305 students attended a private school. 
, there were 2,671 students in Lancy who came from another municipality, while 1,297 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="2885773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885773" title="Wleń">
Wleń

Wleń () is a town in Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. It is located on the Bóbr river in the historic Lower Silesian region, approximately south-east of Lwówek Śląski, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The town is the seat of the administrative district (gmina) called Gmina Wleń. As of 2011, it has a population of 1,855.
Wleń was established in 1214 by the Silesian duke Henry I the Bearded and his wife Hedwig of Andechs. The ruins of Łupki Castle lie off the town's center, it served to protect the nearby borders with Bohemia and Upper Lusatia and was devastated during the Thirty Years' War. A Baroque palace was rebuilt underneath it. 
Łupki castle, also known as Zamek Wleń, and its only remaining tower is visible from the town. The picture shows the view of Wleń from the top of the tower, which currently stands less than half its original height. In 2005, a western portion of one of the castle's outer walls crumbled, forcing the castle to be temporarily closed to tourists. The crumbled section of the outer wall was rebuilt over time using funds from the Polish government and the European Union and completed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2885779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885779" title="Phase-transfer catalyst">
Phase-transfer catalyst

In chemistry, a phase-transfer catalyst or PTC is a catalyst that facilitates the migration of a reactant from one phase into another phase where reaction occurs. Phase-transfer catalysis is a special form of heterogeneous catalysis. Ionic reactants are often soluble in an aqueous phase but insoluble in an organic phase in the absence of the phase-transfer catalyst. The catalyst functions like a detergent for solubilizing the salts into the organic phase. Phase-transfer catalysis refers to the acceleration of the reaction upon the addition of the phase-transfer catalyst.
By using a PTC process, one can achieve faster reactions, obtain higher conversions or yields, make fewer byproducts, eliminate the need for expensive or dangerous solvents that will dissolve all the reactants in one phase, eliminate the need for expensive raw materials and/or minimize waste problems. Phase-transfer catalysts are especially useful in green chemistry — by allowing the use of water, the need for organic solvents is reduced.
Contrary to common perception, PTC is not limited to systems with hydrophilic and hydrophobic reactants. PTC is sometimes employed in liquid/solid and liquid/gas reactions. As the name implies, one or more of the reactants are transported into a second phase which contains both reactants.
Types of phase-transfer catalysts.
Phase-transfer catalysts for anionic reactants are often quaternary ammonium and phosphonium salts. Typical catalysts include benzyltrimethylammonium chloride and hexadecyltributylphosphonium bromide.
For example, the nucleophilic aliphatic substitution reaction of an aqueous sodium cyanide solution with an ethereal solution of 1-bromooctane does not readily occur. The 1-bromooctane is poorly soluble in the aqueous cyanide solution, and the sodium cyanide does not dissolve well in the ether. Upon the addition of small amounts of hexadecyltributylphosphonium bromide, a rapid reaction ensues to give nonyl nitrile:
Via the quaternary phosphonium cation, cyanide ions are "ferried" from the aqueous phase into the organic phase.
Subsequent work demonstrated that many such reactions can be performed rapidly at around room temperature using catalysts such as tetra-n-butylammonium bromide or methyltrioctylammonium chloride in benzene/water systems.
An alternative to the use of "quat salts" is to convert alkali metal cations into hydrophobic cations. In the research lab, crown ethers are used for this purpose. Polyethylene glycols are more commonly used in practical applications. These ligands encapsulate alkali metal cations (typically Na+ and K+), affording large lipophilic cations. These polyethers have a hydrophilic "interiors" containing the ion and a hydrophobic exterior.
Applications.
PTC is widely exploited industrially. Polyester polymers for example are prepared from acid chlorides and bisphenol-A. Phosphothioate-based pesticides are generated by PTC-catalyzed alkylation of phosphothioates. One of the more complex applications of PTC involves asymmetric alkylations, which are catalyzed by chiral quaternary ammonium salts derived from cinchona alkaloids.

</doc>
<doc id="2885780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885780" title="Deaf West Theatre">
Deaf West Theatre

Deaf West Theatre Company is a North Hollywood, California-based cultural institution serving as a model for deaf theatre worldwide. Founded in 1991, by Ed Waterstreet, it is noted for being the first professional resident Sign Language Theatre in the western half of the United States. Deaf West Theatre productions, actors and directors have won more than 80 theatre awards for artistic merit.
Under the artistic direction of its founder, Ed Waterstreet, the company’s art-deco complex in the NoHo Arts District of North Hollywood includes a 90-seat theatre, complete with a state-of-the-art sound system, sub-woofers under the raked seating, an infrared headphone system, and captioning capabilities. The theatre is within a ten-minute drive of many major film production studios including Disney, Warner Bros., Universal, NBC, and Columbia/Tri-Star.
Deaf West Theatre Inc., was founded to directly improve and enrich the cultural lives of the 1.2 million deaf and hard-of-hearing individuals who live in the Los Angeles area. DWT provides exposure and access to professional theatre, filling a void for deaf artists and audiences.
DWT serves the cultural, educational, social and employment needs of its constituents. DWT is an institution for the discovery and exploration of artists' identities and stature as artists. Through the medium of Sign Language Theatre, a legacy of deaf culture is created, shared, and preserved.
Presenting adaptations of classics, contemporary and original works, DWT is dedicated to the production of theatre of the highest artistic quality, which nurtures and promotes the talents of its actors, writers, directors and designers. DWT productions are presented in American Sign Language with simultaneous translation in English, providing for all an enhanced theatrical experience.
Deaf West Theatre's most notable accomplishment is bringing a revival of "Big River" to the American Airlines Theatre on Broadway in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="2885785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885785" title="Aiguille du Plat de la Selle">
Aiguille du Plat de la Selle

The Aiguille du Plat de la Selle, 3,596 m, is a mountain in the Soreiller group of the Dauphiné Alps in south-eastern France. Ascents of the mountain are via Saint-Christophe-en-Oisans or the Soreiller hut.

</doc>
<doc id="2885786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885786" title="Wlen">
Wlen

The letters wlen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885801" title="NBR G Class">
NBR G Class

The North British Railway (NBR) G Class (LNER Class Y9) is a class of 0-4-0ST steam locomotive designed for shunting. Some locomotives were equipped with small wooden tenders to carry extra coal. They were introduced in 1882 and thirty-eight entered service on the NBR between 1882 and 1899. Like most 0-4-0 tanks of the period it has outside cylinders and inside slide valves driven by Stephenson valve gear.
Origin.
Industrial locomotives.
The design was originated by Neilson and Company of Hyde Park Works, Springburn, Glasgow, who built the first examples of the type, mainly for industrial customers, in the 1870s. One such, built in 1876, is in the collection of the Scottish Railway Preservation Society at Bo'ness.
Caledonian Railway.
In 1876 the Caledonian Railway bought four locomotives of the same design from Neilsons. 
Between 1885 and 1908, the Caledonian built thirty-four more, at the company's own works at Glasgow St Rollox.
North British Railway.
The "G" class on the North British Railway came about in much the same way – the NBR bought two locomotives from Neilson in 1882, and by 1899 they had built thirty-six for themselves at their Cowlairs Works.
Effectively, Neilsons seem to have licensed the design to the two main line railways, both of whom built it with detail modifications and then ascribed the design to their Chief Mechanical Engineers, Dugald Drummond and Matthew Holmes.
Great Eastern Railway.
The Great Eastern Railway Class 209 is similar but has a flat-topped saddle tank. One example is preserved at North Woolwich Old Station Museum.
LNER and BR ownership.
The LNER acquired most of the NBR examples in 1923 and classified them Y9. Thirty-three of them passed into British Railways ownership in 1948 and were numbered 68092–68124.
Preservation.
One, NBR No.42 (BR 68095), has survived to preservation in the Scottish Railway Preservation Society collection and is a static exhibit. This was bought from British Railways straight out of traffic at St Margaret's Shed, Edinburgh by J.Morris, and was displayed at his former museum at Lytham St Annes until it was bought by SRPS in 1992.
An example of the original design by Neilson & Co. is also preserved by the Scottish Railway Preservation Society. It was built in 1876 and named "Kelton Fell".

</doc>
<doc id="2885802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885802" title="Monsieur Mallah">
Monsieur Mallah

Monsieur Mallah is a fictional character, a superintelligent anthropomorphic gorilla supervillain in the and the criminal and romantic partner of the Brain. Monsieur Mallah first appeared in "Doom Patrol" (vol. 1) #86 (May 1964) and was created by Arnold Drake and Bruno Premiani.
Fictional character biography.
Origins.
As a scientist, the man who would one day become known as the Brain performed experiments on animals to raise their intelligence. One of these was on a captured gorilla, raising its I.Q. to the genius-level of 178. He named the gorilla Monsieur Mallah and educated him for almost a decade before making him his personal assistant.
The scientist's colleague, Niles Caulder grew jealous of his work and arranged for the scientist to get caught in an explosion, which destroyed the scientist's body. Only the brain survived, and Caulder planned on putting his brain in a robot body.
Mallah rescued the scientist, taking his brain and transferring it to a computer network that kept it functioning. Now known simply as the Brain, the scientist and Mallah gathered together the criminal organization known as the Brotherhood of Evil in hopes of conquering the world and getting revenge on Caulder.
Caulder, now known as the Chief, through a series of other accidents that he manipulated, would form the superhero group known as the Doom Patrol. Setting out to destroy the Chief's 'pets', the Brain, Mallah, and their Brotherhood became enemies with the Patrol. Their criminal activities would also put them into opposition with the Teen Titans.
Romance.
During Grant Morrison's Doom Patrol run, Mallah had the Brain placed in one of Robotman's bodies. In his new body, the Brain confessed to Mallah he was in love with him. Mallah revealed he felt the same way, and the two kissed. However, Robotman's body had developed sentience and vowed never to be enslaved by a brain again; when Mallah placed his lover in the body, he triggered a self-destruct mechanism, which exploded as they kissed.
The two would later resurface (the Brain back to floating in a jar). It is uncertain how.
Recently, the Brotherhood have been raiding genetic research facilities; their plan being to unlock the secrets of cloning in order to create a new body for the Brain, so he and Monsieur Mallah "can finally be happily ever after". The Brain was ultimately able to clone a new body for himself, but after a short while it began to break down, so he had Mallah rip off his head so he could put his brain back into another jar.
In the "Salvation Run" storyline, the Brain and Monsieur Mallah appear amongst the villains that were sent to the planet Cygnus 4019. The Brain and Mallah arrive at Joker's camp, and Mallah asks Gorilla Grodd to speak with him away from the others. Mallah proposes to Grodd that as fellow gorillas, the natural kings of the jungle, they should team up and, through their combined might, rule the entire place by themselves. Grodd laughs at Mallah for considering himself, an "absurd science experiment", comparable to "a proud child of Gorilla City". Mallah strikes Grodd and calls him a beast, causing Grodd to fly into a rage and try to kill him. Although Mallah also has a gun and shoots Grodd several times, Grodd still has the upper hand, and is about to kill Mallah when the Brain interjects, pleading for Mallah's life. Thinking better of it, Grodd picks the Brain up and beats Mallah to death with the Brain, smashing the Brain's protective hull in the process and killing him as well. Before breathing his last breath, Monsieur Mallah says he dies happy taking solace in that he and the Brain will finally be able to be together forever.
The New 52.
In "The New 52", Brain and Monsieur Mallah have assisted Gorilla Grodd in taking over the remains of Central City at the time when The Black had taken over most of the world. They end up capturing Animal Man and the heroes that are with him. Animal Man's group is saved by Frankenstein and his Patchwork Army who defeat most of the gorillas as a few of them are allowed to escape in order to tell the tale of their defeat.
Powers and abilities.
Monsieur Mallah has super human strength, speed, agility, reflexes, and intelligence. He usually carries a machine gun, or any other shooting guns.
Other versions.
Smallville.
In Smallville season 11, Monsieur Mallah appears (with the Brain on his back) and robs the Musée du Louvre. They are both taken down by Superman and Impulse 

</doc>
<doc id="2885803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885803" title="GWR 3100 Class">
GWR 3100 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 3100 Class was a class of 2-6-2T side tank steam locomotive.
History.
This class of large prairie was created in 1938 when Collett rebuilt some of Churchward's 3150 Class with a view to using them as bankers, particularly from Severn Tunnel Junction shed. These engines used the standard class 4 boiler again, but pressed to 225 p.s.i. and using smaller coupled wheels of 5 feet 3 inches diameter, and a half inch increase in cylinder diameter, nominal tractive effort rose to 31,170 pounds. Almost impossible to pick out was a 2" reduction in pony truck wheel diameter to 3'. Only five engines were ever modified, namely 3173, 3156, 3181, 3155 and 3179 which were rebuilt as 3100 to 3104 respectively. None of these were preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="2885804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885804" title="Telescope (disambiguation)">
Telescope (disambiguation)

A telescope is an instrument designed for the observation of remote objects by the collection of electromagnetic radiation.
Telescope may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885811" title="Nikos Nikolaidis">
Nikos Nikolaidis

Nikos Nikolaidis () (October 25, 1939 – September 5, 2007) was a Greek film director and a writer. 
Nikolaidis was born in 1939 in Athens, where he lived and worked all his life. He was also script writer and producer of movies which he directed. For a part of his time he produced television commercials. From his cinematic works, he directed "Proini Peripolos", "Glykia Symmoria" and "Ta Kourelia Tragoudane Akoma". He also wrote "O Orgismenos Valkanios".
He died in Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="2885817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885817" title="Kodak Ultima">
Kodak Ultima

Kodak Ultima is a brand of photo paper for inkjet printers sold by Eastman Kodak.
Paper longevity testing.
Kodak claims that Ultima picture paper had been tested to last 162 years. This was disputed by Wilhelm Imaging Research, who claimed that it only lasted about ten years. Kodak bases its estimates on typical home light levels of 120 lux for a 12-hour day, a figure based on over 150,000 measurements in consumer homes around the world and verified in the fading of actual display prints. The studies, spanning 18 years, were presented at "IS&T's Thirteenth International Symposium on Photofinishing Technologies" (IS&T, February 2004, Volume 13).
In addition, the 120 lux level has been used by photographic companies for decades. Wilhelm Imaging Research has used a 450 lux level, which is often cited as an ideal viewing condition, but is not typical of a home environment.
There are other environmental degradation factors that need to be considered when assessing the print life of papers, including heat, humidity and airborne pollutants, in addition to light. Ignoring any of these or overestimating light alone is risky and has led to embarrassing over-predictions of print lifetime, such as that seen in the rapid degradation of some early ink jet prints due to atmospheric contaminants. However, no inkjet company (until recently) has made any claims about gas-fastness, only about light-fastness, even though many consumers display inkjet prints without the protection of glass (Wilhelm Imaging Research does its light-fastness tests under glass). Recently inkjet companies like Canon and Epson have been careful to point out that their criteria are on light-fastness and are very specific that they don't guarantee gas-fastness of their papers and inks.
Limiting to light-fastness ratings also ignores the fact that more than 90 per cent of consumer photographs are not displayed, but rather stored in albums or shoeboxes, where thermal degradation, particularly thermal yellowing, can be the dominant factor. It is for these reasons that Kodak has long embraced a holistic, multi-factor approach to predicting the lifetime of prints.
When Henry Wilhelm claimed that Kodak's Ultima paper failed meet its 100-year lifetime with some inkjet inks, Kodak clarified their statement that "Kodak's new Ultima Picture Paper with ColorLast technology is a significant advancement in picture longevity, with over 100-year degradation resistance when used with state-of-the-art inks. These state-of-the-art inks are widely available in current consumer photo-quality printers."

</doc>
<doc id="2885827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885827" title="GWR 3150 Class">
GWR 3150 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 3150 Class was a class of 2-6-2T side tank steam locomotive. 
History.
Churchward based the 3150 class on his 3100 (later 5100) class. They used the larger and heavier Standard 4 boiler and so had greater boiler capacity, but were consequently heavier and thus restricted to Red routes. They were principally heavy suburban passenger traffic engines. Five of the class were rebuilt into the Collett 3100 Class. None of the class were preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="2885828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885828" title="Weak ontology">
Weak ontology

In computer science, a weak ontology is an ontology that is not sufficiently rigorous to allow software to infer new facts without intervention by humans (the end users of the software system).
By this standard – which evolved as artificial intelligence methods became more sophisticated, and computers were used to model high human impact decisions – most databases use weak ontologies.
A weak ontology is adequate for many purposes, including education, where one teaches a set of distinctions and trying to induce the power to make those distinctions in the student. Stronger ontologies only tend to evolve as the weaker ones prove deficient. This phenomenon of ontology becoming stronger over time parallels observations in folk taxonomy about taxonomy: as a society practices more labour specialization, it tends to become intolerant of confusions and mixed metaphors, and sorts them into formal professions or practices. Ultimately, these are expected to reason about them in common, with mathematics, especially statistics and logic, as the common ground.
On the World Wide Web, folksonomy in the form of tag schemas and typed links has tended to evolve slowly in a variety of forums, and then be standardized in such schemes as microformats as more and more forums agree. These weak ontology constructs only become strong in response to growing demands for a more powerful form of search engine than is possible with keywording.

</doc>
<doc id="2885829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885829" title="Nephila inaurata">
Nephila inaurata

The red-legged golden orb-web spider ("Nephila inaurata") is a species of golden orb-web spider. It lives in Southern Africa and several islands in the Indian Ocean (Madagascar, the Seychelles, Réunion, Mauritius, Rodrigues). Like other spiders in the family Nephilidae it can weave webs so strong that sometimes even birds and bats get caught. Its webs can be found in damp places such as large trees and unpolluted areas to which no cars have access; normally several are strung together to form enormous "homes" so as to cover as much surface area as possible. 
This species feeds on flies, mosquitoes, moths, wasps and unfortunate beetles who happen to get tangled up.
In addition to the nominate ("Nephila i. inaurata"), a second subspecies is currently recognized: "Nephila inaurata madagascariensis" (Vinson, 1863), which occurs from South Africa to the Seychelles.
This species is commonly kept in captivity. Egg sacks the size of a small marble are made of thick silk and contain 100-200 eggs which hatch after two months. They start out with a 2mm legspan and grow rapidly. Males mature in one to two months depending on the form. A small percentage of males mature early and resemble a small, black crab spider with only an 8-10mm legspan. Most males mature later and resemble the form of the female but have very little color and only a 25-30mm legspan. Mature males are rarely, if ever, observed feeding. Females mature in four months with an approximate 100mm legspan. "Golden Silk Spiders", Invertebrate-Magazine Vol.4, Issue 2 March 2005 
An example of a tapestry woven entirely from the madagascariensis subspecies' silk can be seen at this link: [http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=113223398]

</doc>
<doc id="2885830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885830" title="Bal Gandharva">
Bal Gandharva

Narayan Shripad Rajhans, better known as Bal Gandharva (1888–1967), was one of the greatest Marathi singers and stage actors. He was famous for his roles of female characters in Marathi plays, since women were not allowed to act on stage during his time.
Bal Gandharva got his name after a performance in Pune as an aspiring singer. Lokmanya Tilak, the great freedom fighter and the grand old man of the Indian independence movement was in the audience, and after the performance, reportedly patted Rajhans on the back and said that Narayan was a ""Bal Gandharva"" which means "Young Gandharva".
Personal life.
Narayan Shripad Rajhans was born in Nagthane village in Palus taluka of Sangli district in Maharashtra, India. Bal Gandharva's first wife , Lakshmibai Narayanrao Rajhans, died in 1940. Bal Gandharva married Gohar Karnataki in 1951. Gohar was an actress in his drama company. She knew about their past personal life. Gohar died in 1964.
Theatre career.
Born in an ordinary family, Narayan Rajhans started off with singing bhajans, until Shahu Maharaj noticed him. Shahu Maharaj helped him to get treatment on hearing problems at Miraj. Shahu Maharaj introduced him to Kirloskar Mandali, the group which used to promote Marathi musical shows in that era.
Bal Gandharva began his career with Annasaheb Kirloskar's theatre company called Kirloskar Natak Mandali in 1905. The company was run by Mujumdar and Nanasaheb Joglekar. After Joglekar's death in 1911, there was discontent about Mujumdar's dictatorial and manipulative style. Bal Gandharva, Ganesh Govind ('Ganpatrao') Bodas and Govindrao Tembe left the company in 1913 to form Gandharva Sangeet Mandali. Bal Gandharva became the sole owner of the debt ridden company in 1921. The debt was paid off in seven years' time. But the company accumulated debt again over next 6–7 years. Bal Gandharva dissolved the company to make six films with Prabhat Film Company but the partnership was dissolved after just one film in which he was portrayed in a male role, that of Sant Eknath.
Bal Gandharva revived his drama company in 1937, and soon formed an infamous association with Gohar Karnataki known as Gauhar Bai who joined the company in April 1938. With Narayanrao increasingly ill at ease in female roles owing to his advancing years, the company was looking for an actress to play female roles. His brother Bapurao Rajhans left the company to protest against Gohar's entry in Gandharva Sangeet Mandali and Bal Gandharva's life when it became clear that Gohar would have a major say in the company's stewardship.
Bal Gandharva acted in 25 classic Marathi plays and was one of those who were responsible for making "Sangeet Natak" (musicals) and Natya Sangeet (the music in those musicals) popular among common masses. He was a disciple of Bhaskarbuwa Bakhale. Bakhale scored music for his drama Swayamwar. Govindrao Tembe scored music for Manapman. Among the younger lot, Bal Gandharva's composer of choice was Master Krishnarao (Krishna Phulambrikar).
The songs rendered by him are, to date, considered as classics and his singing style is greatly appreciated by Marathi critics and audiences. Marathi stage was facing difficult times after the death of Bhaurao Kolhatkar in 1901. Bal Gandharva revived it. His famous contemporaries include Keshavrao Bhosle (known as "Sangeet-Surya") and Deenanath Mangeshkar.
He acted in plays written by Annasaheb Kirloskar, Govind Ballal Deval, Shripad Krushna Kolhatkar, Krushnaji Prabhakar Khadilkar, Ram Ganesh Gadkari, Vasant Shantaram Desai.
Bal Gandharva died in 1967.
Roles.
His famous roles include :

</doc>
<doc id="2885831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885831" title="Meinier">
Meinier

Meinier is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.
History.
Meinier is first mentioned in 1153 as "de maniaco". Around 1344 it was mentioned as "Meignier".
Geography.
Meinier has an area, , of . Of this area, or 80.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 3.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 14.8% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 1.1% is unproductive land. 
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 6.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 5.3%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.9%. Out of the forested land, 1.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 57.8% is used for growing crops and 5.7% is pastures, while 17.0% is used for orchards or vine crops. All the water in the municipality is in lakes.
The municipality is located on the left bank of Lake Geneva. It consists of the hamlets of Meinier, Carre d'Amont, Carre d'Aval (Le Carre), Compois, Essert and Corsinge.
The municipality of Meinier consists of the sub-sections or villages of Meinier - Pallanterie, Meinier - Essert, Meinier - village, Covéry, Corsinge, Compois, Carre-d'Aval and Carre-d'Amont.
Demographics.
Meinier has a population () of . , 18.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1999–2009 ) the population has changed at a rate of 8.6%. It has changed at a rate of 1.5% due to migration and at a rate of 6.2% due to births and deaths. 
Most of the population () speaks French (1,461 or 86.1%), with English being second most common (68 or 4.0%) and German being third (62 or 3.7%). There are 24 people who speak Italian and 2 people who speak Romansh.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.2% male and 51.8% female. The population was made up of 726 Swiss men (38.7% of the population) and 178 (9.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 781 Swiss women (41.7%) and 189 (10.1%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 425 or about 25.1% were born in Meinier and lived there in 2000. There were 490 or 28.9% who were born in the same canton, while 282 or 16.6% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 440 or 25.9% were born outside of Switzerland. 
In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 6 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 8 while the foreign population increased by 1. There were 7 Swiss men and 4 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 3 non-Swiss men and 3 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 9 and the non-Swiss population increased by 17 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.4%. 
The age distribution of the population () is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 25.5% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 62.5% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 12%. 
, there were 683 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 827 married individuals, 69 widows or widowers and 117 individuals who are divorced.
, there were 691 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. There were 217 households that consist of only one person and 58 households with five or more people. Out of a total of 714 households that answered this question, 30.4% were households made up of just one person and there were 5 adults who lived with their parents. Of the rest of the households, there are 186 married couples without children, 213 married couples with children There were 61 single parents with a child or children. There were 9 households that were made up of unrelated people and 23 households that were made up of some sort of institution or another collective housing. 
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Ruins of Rouelbeau Castle is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire hamlet of Carre is listed in the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 21.76% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the LPS Party (17.58%), the SP (16.63%) and the Green Party (13.71%). In the federal election, a total of 578 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 50.4%.
In the 2009 Grand Conseil election, there were a total of 1,158 registered voters of which 499 (43.1%) voted. The most popular party in the municipality for this election was the Libéral with 18.8% of the ballots. In the canton-wide election they received the highest proportion of votes. The second most popular party was the PDC (with 13.5%), they were fifth in the canton-wide election, while the third most popular party was the Les Verts (with 12.9%), they were second in the canton-wide election.
For the 2009 Conseil d'Etat election, there were a total of 1,159 registered voters of which 629 (54.3%) voted.
In 2011, all the municipalities held local elections, and in Meinier there were 15 spots open on the municipal council. There were a total of 1,365 registered voters of which 651 (47.7%) voted. Out of the 651 votes, there were 8 blank votes, 7 null or unreadable votes and 92 votes with a name that was not on the list.
Economy.
, Meinier had an unemployment rate of 3.5%. , there were 76 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 19 businesses involved in this sector. 268 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 39 businesses in this sector. 317 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 48 businesses in this sector. There were 851 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.6% of the workforce. 
, there were 180 workers who commuted into the municipality and 679 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 21.1% of the workforce coming into Meinier are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 12% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.5% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 759 or 44.8% were Roman Catholic, while 352 or 20.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 18 members of an Orthodox church (or about 1.06% of the population), there was 1 individual who belongs to the Christian Catholic Church, and there were 41 individuals (or about 2.42% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 8 individuals (or about 0.47% of the population) who were Jewish, and 20 (or about 1.18% of the population) who were Islamic. There was 1 person who was Buddhist and 2 individuals who belonged to another church. 354 (or about 20.87% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 140 individuals (or about 8.25% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Meinier about 558 or (32.9%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 371 or (21.9%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule"). Of the 371 who completed tertiary schooling, 41.2% were Swiss men, 35.3% were Swiss women, 14.0% were non-Swiss men and 9.4% were non-Swiss women. 
During the 2009-2010 school year there were a total of 369 students in the Meinier school system. The education system in the Canton of Geneva allows young children to attend two years of non-obligatory Kindergarten. During that school year, there were 34 children who were in a pre-kindergarten class. The canton's school system provides two years of non-mandatory kindergarten and requires students to attend six years of primary school, with some of the children attending smaller, specialized classes. In Meinier there were 45 students in kindergarten or primary school and 6 students were in the special, smaller classes. The secondary school program consists of three lower, obligatory years of schooling, followed by three to five years of optional, advanced schools. There were 45 lower secondary students who attended school in Meinier. There were 74 upper secondary students from the municipality along with 12 students who were in a professional, non-university track program. An additional 55 students attended a private school. 
, there were 21 students in Meinier who came from another municipality, while 196 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="2885832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885832" title="Geschwind–Galaburda hypothesis">
Geschwind–Galaburda hypothesis

The Geschwind–Galaburda hypothesis was proposed by Norman Geschwind and Albert Galaburda to explain sex differences in cognitive abilities by relating them to lateralization of brain function. The basic idea is that differences in maturation rates between the cerebral hemispheres are mediated by circulating testosterone levels, and that sexual maturation acts to fix the hemispheres at different relative stages of development after puberty.
According to the theory, male brains mature later than females, and the left hemisphere matures later than the right.

</doc>
<doc id="2885836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885836" title="National Multiple Sclerosis Society">
National Multiple Sclerosis Society

The National Multiple Sclerosis Society, a United States-based non-profit organization, and its network of chapters nationwide help people affected by MS by funding research, driving change through advocacy, facilitating professional education, and providing programs and services that help people with multiple sclerosis and their families. It is headquartered in New York City.
Founded in 1946, originally under the name Association for Advancement of Research on Multiple Sclerosis, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society supports more MS research, offers more services for people with MS, provides more professional education programs, and furthers more MS advocacy efforts than any other MS organization in the world.
Research.
The National MS Society supports and funds research activities spanning all research stages, including early discovery research, translational research that brings promising ideas forward into actual therapeutic solutions for testing, and clinical trials. This unique approach drives the pursuit of all promising avenues that can impact those living with multiple sclerosis. In 2012, the Society invested $44 million in over 350 new and ongoing projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2885840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885840" title="Biomet">
Biomet

Biomet, Inc. is one of the world's leading medical device manufacturers located in the Warsaw, Indiana business cluster. The company specializes in reconstructive products for hips, knees and shoulders, fixation devices, orthopedic support devices, dental implants, spinal implants and operating room supplies.
History.
Biomet was established in 1977 and delivered its first hip replacement in 1978. In a September 2007 club deal the company was acquired by a consortium of private equity firms and ceased trading on NASDAQ.
The four founders of Biomet were: Dane A. Miller, Ray Harroff, Niles Noblitt, and Jerry Ferguson.
American gymnast Mary Lou Retton endorses Biomet, specifically the Oxford Partial Knee.
Biomet Microfixation.
Biomet Microfixation is a subsidiary of Biomet that manufactures craniomaxillofacial products.
Its products include LactoSorb, the first completely resorbable fixation system available in the U.S., titanium plates and screws for craniomaxillofacial fixation, and instruments for craniomaxillofacial and orthopedic procedures.
The company's corporate headquarters is in Warsaw, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="2885843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885843" title="Madame Rouge">
Madame Rouge

Madame Rouge is a fictional DC Comics supervillainess. She first appeared in "Doom Patrol" v.1 #86.
Fictional character biography.
Laura De Mille was originally a French stage actress. After an automobile accident, she developed a dual good/evil split personality. At this point, she attracted the notice of The Brain and his associate, Monsieur Mallah. With Mallah's help, the Brain performed surgery on De Mille that was, from his perspective, successful, sublimating her good personality and allowing her evil personality to remain dominant. As Madame Rouge, De Mille became the only female member of the Brotherhood of Evil, and assisted the Brotherhood in its continuing conflicts against the Doom Patrol. At first, Madame Rouge was simply a master of disguise; subsequent surgery by the Brain eventually gave her the ability to alter her appearance and stretch her limbs.
Later, Rouge's split personality manifested again, with her good personality occasionally appearing. Rouge was romantically linked to the Doom Patrol's leader, Niles Caulder ("The Chief"), who was able to help Rouge overcome her evil side and ally with the Doom Patrol. 
Ultimately, Rouge's mind reverted to its evil state, causing her to seek vengeance against both the Brotherhood of Evil and the Doom Patrol for their previous interference. She was apparently successful in murdering both groups. Years later, Robotman and the Teen Titans tracked down Rouge and her ally, General Zahl. Beast Boy (then Changeling) killed Rouge, although at the moment of her death, her good side apparently manifested; she forgave Changeling and called to Niles, her apparent true love.
Madame Rouge's daughter, Gemini, also a shapeshifter, appeared years later to seek revenge against Beast Boy.
In 2004, DC writer John Byrne restarted the Doom Patrol series and declared that the previous history had never happened. In spite of this, Madame Rouge was a zombie summoned by Brother Blood to keep the Titans from freeing Kid Eternity in "Teen Titans" #31 (2006). Since then, Byrne's reboot of the Doom Patrol franchise was overturned as a continuity glitch created by Superboy-Prime. As such, Madame Rouge is still dead and her history has been left intact. However, her daughter Gemini has taken up wearing her mother's costume and is a member of the new Brotherhood of Evil.
In "Blackest Night", Madame Rouge has been identified as one of the deceased entombed below the Hall of Justice. Madame Rouge's corpse is revived as a Black Lantern during the event.
Powers and abilities.
Originally, Madame Rouge was a master of disguise. Later, the Brain gave her ability to stretch any part of her body to incredible lengths, and could alter her facial features to disguise herself as any person.
In the Teen Titans animated series, Rouge retains her abilities of disguise and stretching, but her powers appear to be greater. She can reform her body, repairing any damage yet seen, can "flow" through fences similarly to the Terminator T-1000, alter her color, and has sufficient strength to throw people around like dolls or smash brick walls with her stretched limbs. She can mimic voices and use her body to surround and smother her opponents. She can be hurt by flame or frozen by cold, and has trouble maintaining a disguise in high temperatures, but appears to be able to repair damage simply by shapeshifting into an undamaged form.
In the animated series she could extend her limbs to great lengths for surprise attacks such as seizing an enemy in her arms, and at speeds that allowed her to strike Kid Flash.

</doc>
<doc id="2885847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885847" title="Kirkpatrick, Ohio">
Kirkpatrick, Ohio

Kirkpatrick is an unincorporated community in northern Scott Township, Marion County, Ohio, United States. The ZIP code assigned to Kirkpatrick by the United States Postal Service is 43302 — the same as Marion. Kirkpatrick is the location of the Scott Township Hall. The current population of Kirkpatrick is less than 200.
Geography.
Kirkpatrick is located at 40°68'868" North, 83°00'852" West (40.68868, -83.00852), at the junction of State Route 98 and Morral-Kirkpatrick Road in Marion County Ohio. Kirkpatrick is assigned to Range 15 of Scott Township according to the Congress Lands Survey of Ohio.
History.
Kirkpatrick was founded in 1832 by Marturen Latimbra, who named the settlement Letimberville after himself. Initially, it was thought that Letimberville would prosper, given that it was located along the well traveled Columbus-Sandusky Pike (now State Route 98). Despite establishing a town plat, and selling lots for the community, the promise of Letimberville failed to live up to its founder’s aspirations after it was by passed by the railroads, and Letimbra left in search of better opportunities.
Letimberville did attract farmers who relied on the community as a home for basic commerce and a center of religion. The greatest percent of population in the community were followers of the Methodist Episcopal faith, the community having one of three churches attended to by Rev. Jeremiah Crabb Monnett. Methodism was so much a part of the community that for many years the Women’s Christian Temperance Union (WTCU) enjoyed great participation in the community until the early 1960s.
In the late 19th century, the community changed its name to Kirkpatrick. In the early 1920s, when the Scott Township School System consolidated its system into a modern facility, it was built in Kirkpatrick. For many years in the 1930s and 1940s, students could attend Kirkpatrick School from the first grade until eleventh grade, after which students attended neighboring systems in order to meet State of Ohio standards for graduation. The Scott Township Consolidated School System was merged into the Ridgedale Local School System (one of three county consolidated systems in Marion County to emerge in the 1950s). The Kirkpatrick building was closed, and eventually demolished.
In 1942, the United States government took a sizable portion of Scott, Grand Prairie, and Marion townships for the construction of the Scioto Ordnance Plant. This effectively cut the population nearby and dependent on Kirkpatrick by one half, and led to its eventual decline as a social and commercial center.
In the late 1990s, the community contracted with Del-Co Water Company of Delaware, Ohio for pressurized water service.
In the winter of 2006, swamps in the area surrounding the community received media attention from the Columbus Dispatch and WCMH television because of flooding concerns and similar issues south and east of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="2885849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885849" title="GWR 4400 Class">
GWR 4400 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 4400 Class was a class of 2-6-2T side tank steam locomotive.
History.
They were introduced in 1904 for work on small branch lines. The 4500 class was a later development with larger driving wheels. The 4400s were particularly used in hilly districts, notably the Princetown and Much Wenlock Branches. All were withdrawn and scrapped between 1949 and 1955.
The 4400, 4500 and 4575 classes, which all had stroke cylinders, the Standard 5 boiler and driving wheels under , were collectively known as "Small Prairies", as opposed to the 5100, 3150, 5101, 6100, 3100 and 8100 classes, with stroke cylinders, Standard 2 or 4 boilers and driving wheels over , known as "Large Prairies".

</doc>
<doc id="2885855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885855" title="V. S. Srinivasa Sastri">
V. S. Srinivasa Sastri

Valangaiman Sankaranarayana Srinivasa Sastri () CH PC (22 September 1869 – 17 April 1946) was an Indian politician, administrator, educator, orator and Indian independence activist. He was acclaimed for his oratory and command over the English language. Srinivasa Sastri was born to a poor temple priest in the village of Valangaiman near Kumbakonam, India. He completed his education at Kumbakonam and worked as a school teacher and later, headmaster in Triplicane, Madras. He entered politics in 1905 when he joined the Servants of India Society. Srinivasa Sastri served as a member of the Indian National Congress from 1908 to 1922, but later resigned in protest against the Non-Cooperation movement. Sastri was one of the founding members of the Indian Liberal Party. In his later days, Srinivasa Sastri was strongly opposed to the partition of India.
Srinivasa Sastri served as a member of the Madras Legislative Council from 1913 to 1916, Imperial Legislative Council of India from 1916 to 1919 and the Council of State from 1920 to 1925. Sastri also functioned as India's delegate to the League of Nations, as member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom and agent to the Union of South Africa.
He gained worldwide fame for his prowess in the English language. Sastri was a close follower of Gopal Krishna Gokhale. He was also a close friend and associate of Mahatma Gandhi who addressed Sastri as his "elder brother" in writings. Sastri was made a "Companion of Honour" in 1930. In 1921, the Freedom of the City of London was conferred on Srinivasa Sastri followed by the Freedom of the City of Edinburgh in 1931.
Early life and educational career.
Srinivasa Sastri was born in the town of Valangaiman, Madras Presidency, India on 22 September 1869. His father, Vaidik Sankaranarayana Sastri, was a poor Hindu priest. Srinivasa Sastri did his schooling at the Native High School, Kumbakonam and in 1887, graduated from Government Arts College, Kumbakonam with a first class degree in English and Sanskrit. On graduation, he found employment as a teacher at Municipal College, Salem.
Srinivasa Sastri married Parvathi in 1885. His granddaughters are, Parvathy, married to Ramamurti (Retd.G.M of NLC) and Kausalya, married to the renowned Indian scientist and nephew of Sir C. V. Raman, S. Ramaseshan.
In 1894, Srinivasa Sastri was appointed headmaster of Hindu High School, Triplicane and served for a period of eight years, till 1902. During this period, he achieved fame for his proficiency in English and his good administrative skills. In his late years, he also served as Vice-Chancellor of the Annamalai University. During his tenure as Vice-Chancellor, he demonstrated his scholarship in Sanskrit and Oriental Literature. He persuaded Mahavidwan R. Raghava Iyengar, then Head of the Tamil Research Department, to translate Kalidasan's epic poem "Abhignana Sakuntalam" in Tamil. The poem was translated in the Sandam Metre and published in 1938. He delivered the Kamala lectures in Calcutta University which are widely cherished and remembered.
Politics.
Srinivasa Sastri established the Madras Teachers Guild during his term as headmaster of Triplicane High School. He was one of the pioneers of the Co-operative movement and started India's first co-operative society, the Triplicane Urban Co-operative Society (TUCS) in 1904.
Srinivasa Sastri met Indian independence activist Gopal Krishna Gokhale for the first time in 1906. He was drawn towards Gokhale's Servants of India Society and joined the organization becoming its President in 1915. He joined the Indian National Congress in 1908 and became the Secretary of the Madras District Congress Committee in 1911. As a member of the Congress, he was instrumental in bringing about a pact between the Congress and the Muslim League.
Srinivasa Sastri was nominated to the Madras Legislative Council in 1913 and to the Imperial Legislative Council of India in 1916. He opposed the Rowlatt Act which empowered the Government of India to imprison anyone without trial and delivered a well-appreciated speech in the Imperial Legislative Council denouncing the bill. In 1919, he was appointed a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.
In 1922, Sastri resigned his membership of the Indian National Congress after disagreeing with its leadership on the issue of non-cooperation and established the Indian Liberal Party along with Tej Bahadur Sapru. He consequently served as a President of the Indian Liberal Federation. In 1924, he accompanied Annie Besant on a visit to England demanding Home Rule for India. He also participated in the first and second round table conferences.
International delegations.
Srinivasa Sastri was a part of the delegation of Indian moderates who visited England in 1919. He was also a part of the Indian delegation to the Imperial Conference (1921) and the Second session of the League of Nations in 1921. As a member of the Viceregal council, Srinivasa Sastri was also a part of the British delegation which participated in the Washington Council of Limitation of Disarmament. During one of his speeches on "The Political Situation in India", he was accused of being a British agent and attacked by a mob and had to be hastily escorted away by mounted police.
In 1922, the Government of India sent Sastri on delegations to Australia, New Zealand and Canada in order to investigate the conditions of Indians living in those countries. Due to his efforts, the Government of Australia passed the Commonwealth Electoral Act enlarging the franchise to include "natives of British India".
In 1919, Srinivasa Sastri visited the Union of South Africa along with Sir Benjamin Robertson as a part of the delegation which signed the Cape Town Agreement with the Government of South Africa. As a result of this agreement, South Africa gave up its Class Area Bill intended to segregate Indians in South Africa. Initially, Jan Smuts, the Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa, refused to treat Srinivasa Sastri on par with the European delegate. However, on Srinivasa Sastri's departure from South Africa as India's Agent in 1928, Smuts recognized Sastri as the "most respected man in South Africa".
Srinivasa Sastri was sent to the Federated Malay States in 1937, to report on the conditions of the Indian labourers in the country. The delegation submitted a controversial report titled "Conditions of Indian labour in Malaya" which was published in Madras and Kuala Lumpur, the very same year. Srinivasa Sastri, being the author of the report, was criticized by Indian nationalists for "his reluctance to comment at length on the political and social status of Indians in Malaya".
Agent to South Africa.
On 27 May 1927, at the behest of Mahatma Gandhi, Lord Irwin, the Viceroy of India, appointed Srinivasa Sastri as India's first Agent to the Union of South Africa. Srinivasa Sastri arrived in South Africa in June 1927 and served as Agent till January 1929.
Soon after taking over, Srinivasa Sastri successfully pressurized the South African government to withdraw Section 5 of the Immigration and Indian Relief (Further Provision) Bill which empowered South African immigration officers and boards to cancel registration certificates. Through his efforts, the Natal Commission for Indian Education was appointed on 17 November 1927. With Sastri's support and encouragement, dissidents of the Transvaal British Indian Association (TBIA) founded the Transvaal Indian Congress (TIC) on 18 December 1927. The TBIA later merged with the South African Indian Congress. Section 104 of the Liquor Bill prohibiting Indians from entering licensed premises was withdrawn. The Thornton Committee was established in 1928 to investigate the sanitary conditions of Indians in and around Durban.
During the early part of Sastri's tenure, a number of segregationary laws were passed targeting Indians and Indian immigrants in South Africa. The period also witnessed the establishment of a number of trade unions. Sastri campaigned against racial segregation of Indians and got the Class Area Bill segregating Indians withdrawn.
Sastri returned to India in January 1929 and was succeeded by Kurma Venkata Reddy Naidu.
Later life and death.
In 1930, Sastri was appointed a member of the Royal Commission on Labour in India. During 1930–31, he participated in the Round Table Conferences in London to discuss India's future and was instrumental in bringing about the Gandhi-Irwin Pact. In 1935, Sastri was appointed Vice-Chancellor of Annamalai University, in Tamil Nadu, and served from 1935 to 1940. At the peak of the Second World War, he participated in a 15-member Indian delegation which appealed to the British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill to provide dominion status to India. He strongly opposed Muslim League demands for the partition of India.
In June 1940, the Government of Madras appointed a committee headed by Srinivasa Sastri to frame a set of general principles for coining words for scientific and technical terms in vernacular languages. The constitution of the committee was strongly condemned by the Madras Presidency Tamil Sangam and its Secretary E. M. Subramania Pillai who felt that Srinivasa Sastri was biased in favour of Sanskrit and hence, Anti-Tamil. The committee submitted its report after three months recommending the retention of the existing Sanskrit loanwords in Tamil and rejecting the need for them to be replaced. The deliberations of the Sastri Committee provoked widespread agitations in Madras Presidency. The committee was eventually reshuffled by Provincial Education Minister T. S. Avinashilingam Chettiar soon after the demise of Srinivasa Sastri and balanced with the introduction of more members supporting the replacement of Sanskrit loan words.
Srinivasa Sastri's health began to deteriorate in early 1946. In January, Srinivasa Sastri was admitted to the General Hospital, Madras. He eventually died on 17 April 1946 at the age of 76.
Silver-Tongued Orator of the British Empire.
Srinivasa Sastri was known for his mastery over the English language and his oratory. As a student, he once corrected a few passages in J. C. Nesfield's "English Grammar". Whenever he was on visit to the United Kingdom, Sastri was often consulted over spellings and pronunciations. His mastery over the English language was recognized by King George V, Winston Churchill, Lady Lytton and Lord Balfour who rated him amongst the five best English-language orators of the century. The Master of Balliol, Arthur Lionel Smith swore that he had never realized the beauty of the English language until he heard Sastri. while Lord Balfour remarked that listening to Srinivasa Sastri made him realize the heights to which the English language could rise. Thomas Smart conferred upon Sastri the appellation "Silver Tongued Orator of the British Empire" and he was so called all over the United Kingdom. Srinivasa Sastri's inspirations were William Shakespeare, Sir Walter Scott, George Eliot, John Stuart Mill, Thomas Harvey, Victor Hugo and Valmiki - Indian sage and the author of the Hindu epic "Ramayana".
Relation with Mahatma Gandhi.
During his tenure in the Servants of India Society, Sastri developed a close attachment with Mahatma Gandhi. Gandhi often addressed Srinivasa Sastri as his "elder brother" in all their correspondences. However, despite their friendship, during his tenure as President, Srinivasa Sastri opposed Gandhi's presence in the Servants of India Society. When Gandhi sought Sastri's advice before launching his non-cooperation movement, he counselled him against it. In his later years, Sastri sternly advised Mahatma Gandhi against accepting the Muslim League demand for partition.
Srinivasa Sastri corrected mistakes in the manuscript of "The Story of My Experiments with Truth", the English translation of Gandhi's autobiography and also successive issues of the magazine "Harijan" that was edited by Mahatma Gandhi.
On Sastri's death, Gandhi paid a tribute to Sastri in a condolence message in the "Harijan".
Honours.
Srinivasa Sastri was made a member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in 1921. On 1 January 1930, he was made a "Companion of Honour". The then Viceroy offered to make Sastri Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India in 1928, but he declined the offer.
In 1937, the then Governor of Madras offered to make Sastri the Acting Chief Minister of Madras Presidency but Sastri declined the offer. He also declined an offer of membership in the council of the Secretary of State for India. In 1921, the Freedom of the City of London was conferred on Srinivasa Sastri. This was followed by the Freedom of the City of Edinburgh on 9 January 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="2885860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885860" title="North Dakota Highway 23">
North Dakota Highway 23

North Dakota Highway 23 (ND 23) is an east–west highway in northwestern North Dakota. The highway runs between its eastern terminus at ND 41 near Velva, and its western terminus at US 85 in Watford City.
The only cities that ND 23 runs directly through are New Town and Watford City. It also runs through the unincorporated community of Keene. Other cities near the route include Makoti, Parshall, Plaza, Ryder, and Velva. Minot is north of the highway at its intersection with US 83.
Route description.
North Dakota Highway 23 has its western terminus at a junction with US 85 and ND 200 in Watford City. The route runs north for less than a mile, then east outside of the city limits. After leaving Watford City, the route intersects with the first section of ND 1806, to which it serves as the southern terminus. The route then turns due north for about six miles at an intersection with ND 73. ND 23 then runs north through the small community of Keene. After turning eastward once more, the route shares another intersection with ND 1806 serving as the southern terminus of its second section. ND 23 intersects with ND 22 before leaving McKenzie County and entering Mountrail County by crossing Lake Sakakawea on the Four Bears Bridge.
Just after entering Mountrail County, ND 23 has a junction with ND 1804 in New Town. This is the western end of a concurrency with ND 1804 in which ND 1804 is unsigned. Heading eastward seven more miles, the route serves as the southern terminus of ND 8. Just north of Parshall the route serves as the northern terminus of ND 37. This junction is also the eastern end of the route's concurrency with ND 1804. The route then runs three miles south of Plaza before entering Ward County.
Two miles east of the county line, ND 23 runs just north of Makoti. The highway then serves as the northern terminus of ND 28, a short route that connects ND 23 to the small city of Ryder. Ten miles north of Max and sixteen miles south of Minot, ND 23 intersects US 83 before entering McHenry County. In McHenry County the highway travels east for about fifteen miles before meeting its eastern terminus south of Velva at ND 41.

</doc>
<doc id="2885861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885861" title="Robert Lindley Murray">
Robert Lindley Murray

Robert Lindley Murray (November 3, 1893 – January 17, 1970) was an American male tennis player.
Biography.
Robert Lindley Murray was born in San Francisco, California, USA to Augustus Taber Murray and Nellie Howland Gifford. He graduated from Stanford in 1913 with a degree in chemistry and received a chemical engineering masters degree the following year. Murray played for the varsity team and became the 1913 Pacific Coast intercollegiate champion.
In June 1914 Murray won the New York Metropolitan title defeating Fred Alexander in the final in five hard-fought sets and in August he won the coveted Meadow Club Cup, at Southampton, NY, beating Watson Washburn in the final in three straight sets.
Murray won his first national tennis title in February 1916 when he became the singles champion at the U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships, played at the Seventh Regiment Armory in New York. In the final he defeated Alrick Man in three sets 6–2, 6–2, 9–7.
He won the U.S. National Championship men's singles title in 1917 and 1918. The tournaments were renamed National Patriotic Tournaments in support of the war effort. No trophies were handed out to the winners and the entrance fees were dedicated to the Red Cross. In 1917 Murray defeated Bostonian Nathaniel W. Niles in four sets. Murray did not intend to play the 1918 National Patriotic Tournament as his skills as chemical engineer were considered too important for him to play during wartime. Only after a lengthy effort to persuade him by the president of his company, Elon Hooker, did Murray finally consent to play. Despite little preparation he managed to reach the final in which he faced Bill Tilden, the future seven-time champion. In an impressive performance Murray easily defeated Tilden in three sets 6–3, 6–1, 7–5.
In the USLTA national rankings, he was the U.S. No. 1 in 1918, and was ranked fourth in 1914, 1916 and 1919. He was ranked the World No. 2 for 1917 by Karoly Mazak.
Murray died on January 17, 1970 in Lewiston Heights, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="2885863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885863" title="The Geography of Thought">
The Geography of Thought

The Geography of Thought: How Asians and Westerners Think Differently...and Why is a book by social psychologist Richard Nisbett that was published by Free Press in 2003. By analyzing the differences between Asia and the West, it argues that cultural differences affect people's thought processes more significantly than believed. 
Thesis.
In the book, Nisbett demonstrates that "people actually think about—and even see—the world differently because of differing ecologies, social structures, philosophies, and educational systems that date back to ancient Greece and China". At its core, the book assumes that human behavior is not “hard-wired” but a function of culture.
The book proposes that the passion for strong ontology and scientific rationality based on forward chaining from axioms is essentially a "Western" phenomenon. Ancient Greece's passion for abstract categories into which the entire world can be taxonomically arranged, he claims, is prototypically Western, as is the notion of causality.
In other words, he claims that the law of the excluded middle is not applied in Chinese thought, and that a different standard applies. This has been described by other thinkers as being hermeneutic reasonableness.
Reception.
Cultural anthropologist Sherry Ortner wrote a critical review in the "New York Times", pointing out its methodological flaws (most of the experimental subjects are college students, leading to sample bias) as well as interpretational ones ("How much difference does there have to be between the Asians and the Westerners in a particular experiment to demonstrate a cultural divide?"). She was most critical about his "relentless attempt to cram everything into the Asian/Western dichotomy...into these monolithic units of East and West" without really addressing "differences within the categories" such as gender, religion, ethnicity, which are "occasionally acknowledged, but generally set aside".
Other reviews were more comfortable with Nisbett's generalities and vague word usage. He notes that "East Asians" indicate Chinese, Japanese, and Koreans, while "Westerners" typically means "America, but can be extended to the rest of the Anglosphere, and occasionally also to Europe". Robert Sternberg, president of the American Psychological Association, called it a "landmark book".

</doc>
<doc id="2885864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885864" title="GWR 4700 Class">
GWR 4700 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 4700 Class was a class of nine 2-8-0 steam locomotives, numbered 4700 through 4708. They were the final locomotives designed by George Jackson Churchward and were introduced in 1919–1921 for fast goods work. Although built for freight, the class sometimes hauled passenger trains, notably heavy holiday expresses in the summer.
History.
The 4700 Class was intended for a quite different role than the 2800 Class. The 2800s were small-wheeled mineral haulers with 4 ft 7½ in driving wheels. The 4700s had 5 ft 8 in driving wheels - the intermediate of Churchward's three standard wheel sizes, and were intended for express goods trains.
Boilers.
The prototype, No. 4700, was constructed in 1919. It was built with a Standard No. 1 boiler as the intended design of a larger boiler, the Standard No. 7, was not yet ready. 4700 was converted to the Standard No. 7 when it was available, and the rest of the class was built with them.
Withdrawal.
Withdrawals began in June 1962 with No.4702, while the last were removed from service in May 1964. No.4705 recorded the greatest distance travelled, at 1,656,564 miles.
Preservation.
No members of the class were preserved. However, the Great Western Society made the decision to create the next locomotive in the sequence, 4709. Supported via a GWS sub-group, it is being built using a mixture of new parts and others recycled from former Barry scrapyard locomotives:
The plates for the new frames were cut and machined in 2012, and 4709 is now under construction at , alongside other new-build projects 6880 "Betton Grange" and 45551 "The Unknown Warrior".

</doc>
<doc id="2885868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885868" title="General Zahl">
General Zahl

General Zahl is a DC Comics villain. He first appeared in Doom Patrol vol. 1 #121.
Fictional character biography.
General Zahl is a former Nazi U-boat captain who tangled from time to time with the Doom Patrol, originally as "Captain Zahl."
As a U-boat captain, Zahl was ruthless and effective, achieving the highest kill number of any commander in the German fleet. After the fall of the Nazis, Captain Zahl worked as a mercenary, until a conflict with the Doom Patrol forced him into retirement. Due to the conflict, he was forced to wear a neck and back brace. Later, Zahl (now calling himself "General Zahl") assisted Madame Rouge in apparently killing the Doom Patrol. Madame Rouge had previously succeeded (also apparently) in destroying the other members of the Brotherhood of Evil.
Years later, Changeling, Robotman and the Teen Titans tracked down Zahl and Rouge. Near the conflict's end, Zahl, determined to not be taken alive, fired upon Robotman, knowing the bullets would ricochet and strike Zahl, which they did. As Zahl lay dying, he declared "I die now, but that is all right. I haff the last laugh, Robotman!" Unrepentant to the end, his final words were "Hei...Heil Hitl..."
Powers and abilities.
Zahl is a skilled military commander and soldier, but has no superhuman powers. General Zahl apparently inspired the character General Skarr who was originally featured on "Evil Con Carne" and is now a supporting character on "The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy".

</doc>
<doc id="2885874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885874" title="GWR 5800 Class">
GWR 5800 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 5800 Class was a twenty-strong class of 0-4-2T side tank steam locomotive. These were introduced in 1933 for light branch work. They were similar to the GWR 1400 Class but were not equipped for working autotrains. The entire class was scrapped.
Model form.
A 5-inch gauge replica of no. 5801 has been built. It works at the Butterley Park Miniature Railway, part of the Swanwick Junction complex.

</doc>
<doc id="2885876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885876" title="Napoléon Louis Bonaparte">
Napoléon Louis Bonaparte

Napoléon-Louis Bonaparte (11 October 1804 – 17 March 1831), also known as Louis II of Holland, was the middle son of Louis I of Holland and Hortense de Beauharnais. His father was the younger brother of Napoléon I and reigned as King of Holland from 1806 to 1810, while his mother was the daughter of Josephine de Beauharnais, Napoléon's first wife.
Background.
Napoléon Louis's elder brother, Napoléon Charles, died in 1807 at the age of four. On his death, Napoléon Louis became Prince Royal of Holland. It also made Napoléon Louis the eldest nephew of Emperor Napoléon I, who at the time had no legitimate children, and he was his uncle's likely eventual successor. He lost this status on 20 March 1811 when his uncle's second wife, Marie Louise, gave birth to a son, Napoléon François Joseph Charles Bonaparte, who was styled the King of Rome and later the Duke of Reichstadt.
In 1809, Napoléon I appointed him as Grand Duke of Berg, a status he kept until 1813.
For the nine days between his father's abdication and the fall of Holland to the invading French army in July 1810, Louis Napoléon reigned as "Lodewijk II", King of Holland.
When Napoléon I was deposed in 1815 after the Battle of Waterloo, the House of Bourbon was restored to the throne of France. Napoléon Louis fled into exile, but the Bonapartes never abandoned the thought of restoring the Napoleonic Empire.
Napoléon Louis married his first cousin, Charlotte, who was the daughter of Joseph Bonaparte, eldest brother of Napoléon I. He and his younger brother Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte settled in Italy, where they espoused liberal politics and became involved with the Carbonari, an organization fighting Austria's domination of northern Italy.
On 17 March 1831, while fleeing Italy due to a crackdown on revolutionary activity by Papal and Austrian troops, Napoléon Louis, suffering from measles, died in the arms of his brother in Forlì. Eventually, the Napoleonic Empire was restored by Napoléon Louis's younger brother, who became Napoléon III in 1852.
Napoléon Louis is buried at Saint-Leu-La-Foret, Île-de-France.
Title and styles.
Full title as King of Holland.
His Majesty Louis II, By the Grace of God and the Constitution of the Kingdom, King of Holland.

</doc>
<doc id="2885883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885883" title="Lloyd Stearman">
Lloyd Stearman

Lloyd Carlton Stearman (October 26, 1898 – April 3, 1975) was an American aviator and aircraft designer.
Biography.
Stearman was born in Wellsville, Kansas. From 1917 – 1918, he attended Kansas State College (later renamed Kansas State University) in Manhattan, Kansas, where he studied engineering and architecture. In 1918, he left school to enlist in the U.S. Naval Reserve in San Diego, California; while there he learned to fly Curtiss N-9 seaplanes.
During the mid-1920s Matty Laird, designer of the Laird Swallow aircraft, hired Stearman as a mechanic, giving him his first exposure to fixed-wing aircraft manufacturing. On February 4, 1925, Stearman and Walter Beech teamed up with Clyde Cessna to form the Travel Air Manufacturing Company. On 27 September 1927, he left to form his own manufacturing company, the Stearman Aircraft Corporation. It was there that he built the Stearman C2 and Stearman C3, and designed other biplanes for mail and cargo delivery, observation and training. After WWII, many Stearman PT-13 primary trainers were converted to agricultural aircraft; In 1948 more than 4,345 Stearman aircraft were used in agricultural flying. 
In the early 1930s, Stearman became president of Lockheed Aircraft Company (now Lockheed Martin Corporation), during which time the Lockheed 10 Electra and Lockheed 12 were designed and introduced. In 1936 with Dean B. Hammond he formed the Stearman-Hammond Aircraft Corporation to produce the Stearman-Hammond Y-1. 
Stearman died of cancer in 1975.
Legacy.
In recognition of his contributions to the aircraft industry, Lloyd Stearman was inducted into the National Aviation Hall of Fame in Dayton, Ohio in July 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="2885884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885884" title="Off the Rack (TV series)">
Off the Rack (TV series)

Off The Rack is an American comedy television series set in the Los Angeles garment industry that aired on ABC between 1984 and 1985. The series stars Ed Asner and Eileen Brennan and was originally directed by Noam Pitlik. Its taping location was the Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California. 
It was canceled after six regular episodes and 1 half-hour pilot, which aired as a special on December 7, 1984. "Off the Rack" premiered as a regular series in the middle of the 1984-1985 television season as a mid-season replacement on ABC on the same day as "Mr. Belvedere". Writer Lissa Levin and director Noam Pitlik would go on to work for that series, following "Off the Rack's" cancellation.
Episodes.
Pilot (1984).
Pilot: "Off the Rack"<br>
Teleplay By: Dan Guntzelman & Steve Marshall<br>
Story By: Bob Randall, Dan Guntzelman & Steve Marshall<br>
Season 1 (1985).
1. "A Date With Kate" (01)<br>
Written By: Steve Marshall & Dan Gutzelman<br>
2. "Partners" (02)<br>
Written By: Dan Guntzelman & Steve Marshall<br>
3. "Who Do You Trust?" (03)<br>
Written By: Lissa Levin<br>
4. "Here Comes the Bribe" (04)<br>
Written By: Dan Guntzelman & Steve Marshall<br>
5. "The Letter" (05)<br>
Written By: Timothy James<br>
6. "Immigration Man" (06)<br>
Written By: Larry Balmagia<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2885886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885886" title="Gregorio Lavilla">
Gregorio Lavilla

Gregorio Lavilla (born 29 September 1974 in Vandellòs i l'Hospitalet de l'Infant, Tarragona, Spain) is a professional motorcycle road racer. He has raced in MotoGP (full-time in 250s, and part-time in 500s and MotoGP itself), the Superbike World Championship, and the British Superbike Championship, taking the British crown in 2005. For he raced in WSB for the Ventaxia Honda team, finishing the championship in 12th place. He raced in four rounds of the 2009 WSB series with the Guandalini Racing Ducati team.
Early years.
Lavilla was the Spanish Superbike champion in 1994, and raced in the 250cc Grand Prix World Championship the next year. He was runner-up in Germany's Superbike championship in 1997, on board a Ducati. In 1998 he first raced in the Superbike World Championship full-time, on a private Ducati, taking two outright podiums. He also made a one-off appearance at the German Grand Prix in the 500 cc class riding for the Honda Movistar Team of former rider Sito Pons. He then spent 3 years with Kawasaki's factory superbike team, finishing 8th overall despite experiencing many crashes in 1999 (including five in a row) and finishing 10th overall in 2000 despite missing four rounds through injury, before a stronger 2001, in which he was the second-highest non-wildcard in Race 1 at Sugo.
For 2002 and 2003 he raced a factory Suzuki, doing what he could on a 750cc 4-cylinder bike which lagged behind the 1000cc Ducatis (and Colin Edwards' Honda in 2002), finishing 5th overall in the relatively weak 2003 championship with 19 top-six finishes including seven podiums, although still not taking a race win. Suzuki did not enter a WSBK team in 2004, and Gregorio remained with them as a factory test rider, substituting for Yukio Kagayama in the BSB series once, and doing 4 MotoGP races for the team. He was released at the end of the season, leaving the way clear for his fairytale 2005.
British Superbike Championship.
His victory in the 2005 British Superbike Championship was a major surprise, especially because he had never raced in the championship full-time before, and only got his ride a few days before the season started, initially to replace the injured James Haydon in the Airwaves Ducati team. He started so strongly that the team chose to retain him. He soon established himself ahead of team-mate Leon Haslam, and the main rival to the Honda bikes, before a run of 6 wins and 5 second places in the final 11 races saw him take the crown. 
He started 2006 in even stronger form, with 6 wins in the first 8 races. His championship lead reached 66 points, but dropped after he crashed out of race 12 at Snetterton. Croft was not a successful meeting for him - a technical problem in race 1 and a fall in race 2 saw his championship lead down to 11 points over Haslam and 20 over Ryuichi Kiyonari's Honda. Further struggles meant that he lost the championship lead, and the final meeting was a disaster - he failed to score in either race, and slipped to 3rd in the championship behind Kiyonari and Haslam. His totals of 8 wins and 10 further podiums were still impressive for a third-place overall finish.
He started 2007 spectacularly, winning the first four races, and also winning race 7. However his form then faded and he finished 4th overall.
World Championship part 2.
For he moved to the Superbike World Championship riding a Honda CBR1000RR for Ventaxia VK Honda as part of the Paul Bird team. The team failed to run near the front, but Lavilla scored points in all but two races, peaking with fourth place in a chaotic first race at Donington Park but more often finishing between 11th and 15th. For he joined the Pro Ride Honda (formerly Alto Evolution) team, before sponsorship losses forced them to part company with Lavilla and only run a partial schedule[].
In May 2009 Lavilla returned to WSBK with the Guandalini Racing team, initially in a one-race deal to replace the injured Brendan Roberts. It was subsequently reported that Lavilla would race with Guandalini for the rest of the season, but after four rounds (Kyalami, Miller, Misano and Donington), he was replaced at the team by Italian Matteo Baiocco.
Post racing career.
In 2012, he joined the Avintia Blusens MotoGP CRT team as crew chief, from the second round of testing onwards.
Personal.
His sporting heroes are Mick Doohan, Wayne Rainey and Lance Armstrong. He is unmarried and lives in L'Hospitalet de l'Infant.

</doc>
<doc id="2885894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885894" title="New York State Department of Transportation">
New York State Department of Transportation

The New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) is responsible for the development and operation of highways, railroads, mass transit systems, ports, waterways and aviation facilities in the U.S. state of New York.
This transportation network includes:
History.
The history of the New York State Department of Transportation and its predecessors spans over two centuries:
Organization.
The department comprises 11 regional offices and 68 county transportation maintenance residencies. Tioga County was moved to adjacent region in August 2007, Wayne County was moved from Region 3 to Region 4 in the late 1990s.
NYSDOT regions and the counties they serve are:

</doc>
<doc id="2885895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885895" title="Bohumín">
Bohumín

Bohumín (; , ) is a town in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic on the border with Poland. The confluence of the Oder (Odra) and Olza rivers is situated just north of the town. The town lies in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.
Bohumín consists of Old Bohumín and industrial New Bohumín, while several villages are administratively part of the town. The majority of citizens are Czech; many citizens have Polish ancestry, although the Polish minority in Bohumín is small. Before World War II, the town was inhabited by a large German community, nowadays the city is known as one of the largest community of Romani People in the Czech republic.
History.
The town was first mentioned in a border agreement between Władysław Opolski, the duke of Opole and Racibórz and Ottokar II of Bohemia, in 1256 as "Bogun" (today's Old Bohumín). Historical documents regarding the first centuries of the town are scarce. King Louis II granted the town and château of Bohumín to George, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach in 1523. The town began to develop during rule by the House of Hohenzollern, although further development of Bogumin was halted by frequent epidemics of bubonic plague and floodings of the Olza. It was officially known in German as "Oderberg", and by the end of the 16th century the majority of citizens followed Protestantism. The successor after the Hohenzollerns in 1620 was Lazar Henckel, whose family of bankers and entrepreneurs hailed from Habsburg-ruled Hungary. In 1624 only 138 permanent residents lived in the town. After defeating Maria Theresa of Austria during the Silesian Wars, King Frederick II of Prussia annexed most of Silesia, although Oderberg remained in Austrian Silesia. The town successively became part of the Austrian Empire (1804) and Austria-Hungary (1867).
At the end of the 19th century a wire and rolling mill was built by German industrialists from Berlin, Albert Hahn and Heinrich Eisner. In 1872 the important Kassa-Oderberg railway line was opened to traffic; this increased the town's importance and contributed to the Polish - Czechoslovak dispute over Cieszyn Silesia after World War I.
After the division of Cieszyn Silesia in 1920, the town became part of Czechoslovakia. Following the Munich Agreement, Bohumín and the Zaolzie region were annexed by Poland in October 1938. The town was then annexed by Nazi Germany at the beginning of World War II. On 1 May 1945 Bohumín was taken by Soviet troops of the 1st Guards Army. After the war it was restored to Czechoslovakia and the remaining German population was expelled westward.
There are few historical buildings remaining in Old Bohumín. It was always small with mostly wooden houses, which burnt down in frequent fires, as did the old town hall with its high tower. An old church still remains however; it was rebuilt in 1850 from its Gothic style to its current form. Another landmark is a tomb of the Henckels, former owners of Bohumín.
The most important landmarks of New Bohumín are the Catholic Heart of Jesus Church from 1896; town hall from 1897–1898; complex of former German schools from 1894–1914; and the Lutheran church from 1901.
Transport.
Bohumín is one of the most important railway junctions in the Czech Republic. There are lines in the directions of Ostrava ( - Břeclav - Vienna / - Olomouc - Prague), Petrovice u Karviné ( - Katowice), (both built by the Austrian Northern Railway) and Chałupki ( - Racibórz and Wodzisław Śląski). Another important
line in the direction of Český Těšín, Žilina, and Košice also originally started here, but was relocated in 1963 and now separates from the line to Petrovice u Karviné in Dětmarovice. There is also an important depot in Bohumín.
International relations.
Twin towns — Sister cities.
Bohumín is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="2885898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885898" title="Aquarii">
Aquarii

Aquarii is a name given to the Christians who substituted water for wine in the Eucharist. In Greek they were called "Hydroparastatae", or those who offer water. Theodosius I, in his edict of 382, classes them as a special sect with the Manicheans, who also eschewed wine. Catholics consider the substitution an act of heresy.
Etymology.
"Aquarii" is considered a misspelling associated with Aquarians, as it has another meaning — ""Slaves who carried water for bathing into the women's apartments"". Other terms used in reference to the Aquarians include the "Encratites" "("the Abstinent") and "Ebionites.

</doc>
<doc id="2885912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885912" title="Oderberg">
Oderberg

Oderberg is a town in the district of Barnim, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 16 km east of Eberswalde, and 27 km southwest of Schwedt and in close vicinity of Berlin.
Overview.
The territory has many lakes, remnants from the ice age. The area is widely used for outdoor recreation, such as biking, walking and boating. As Biosphere region it is home to many species of wildlife. Oderberg is closest to the Oder river crossing leading directly to Cedynia, Poland, (until 1945 Zehden, Brandenburg.)
Demography.
Detailed data sources are to be found in the Wikimedia Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="2885914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885914" title="DSV Turtle">
DSV Turtle

Turtle (DSV-3) is a 16-ton, manned deep-ocean research submersible owned by the United States Navy. It is sister to Alvin (DSV-2), and also an Alvin class Deep Submergence Vehicle. The "Turtle" was retired from active service in 1998. It now resides at the Mystic Aquarium in Mystic, Connecticut
The "Turtle" was designed to dive to 6000 feet. When DSV-2 Alvin installed a new titanium hull, the Alvin steel hull was installed in the Turtle. The Turtle depth rating was then increased to 10,000 feet. It has a hull 2 inches thick, and a hatch about 3-1/2 inches thick held in place by the pressure of the water above it (it is tapered, narrower inward). The "Alvin-class" DSV's were designed to replace older DSV, such as the less maneuverable Trieste-class bathyscaphes.

</doc>
<doc id="2885923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885923" title="List of residential colleges">
List of residential colleges

This is a list of residential colleges at various college campuses. It gives the name of the university and country in which each college is located. It is sorted by country, and in alphabetical order by college name within each country. It is noteworthy that the colleges of University of Oxford and University of Cambridge are not simply residential colleges but semi-independent charitable institutions on their own right, with own possessions, endowments and, at the undergraduate level, have responsibility for admitting students. (Note that the colleges for a given university are spread throughout that country's list.)

</doc>
<doc id="2885932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885932" title="DSV Sea Cliff">
DSV Sea Cliff

DSV-4 (ex-Sea Cliff) is a 25-ton, manned deep-ocean research submersible owned by the United States Navy. It is sister to "DSV Turtle" (DSV-3), "DSV Alvin" (DSV-2), and also an Alvin class Deep Submergence Vehicle. The "Sea Cliff" was retired from active service in 1998 and subsequently given to Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution The Naval Vessel Register shows DSV-4 was returned to active service on September 30, 2002 in the custody of Woods Hole [http://www.nvr.navy.mil/nvrservicecraft/details/DSV4.htm, but a New York Times article indicates that it was cannibalized for parts for DSV Alvin [http://www.nytimes.com/1998/09/01/science/for-aging-ocean-explorer-a-new-life-at-new-depths.html?src=pm&pagewanted=1]. It is now known only by its hull number, not by name.
The DSV-4 originally had a maximum dive depth of 6500 feet (2000 m), like all Alvin-class DSVs at first. It was redesigned to dive to 20,000 feet, and refitted in 1984. With the refit of DSV-4 (ex-"Trieste II", DSV-1) was retired from service. It has a plug hatch 24 inches in diameter, held in place mechanically with hatch dogs, and while submerged, by the pressure of the water above it. The Alvin-class DSVs were designed to replace older DSVs, such as the less maneuverable Trieste-class bathyscaphes. The DSV-4 can dive 5,000 feet deeper than the famed "Alvin"; however, the super Alvin class replacement for DSV-2 is designed to dive to 22,000 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="2885939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885939" title="NIC Zuidlaren">
NIC Zuidlaren

NIC Zuidlaren is an international horse riding competition in Zuidlaren, the Netherlands. NIC Zuidlaren is the abbreviation of "Noordelijk Internationaal Concours hippique Zuidlaren" (Dutch), which might be translated in English as "Northern International Equestrian Contest Zuidlaren". In English (as also in Dutch) NIC Zuidlaren is the common name to be used for the event. Zuidlaren stands for the name of the village where the contest takes place. Zuidlaren is a village in the north of the Netherlands, which is why the contest refers to 'Northern' in its name. The realization of the event is largely under control of event organization BCM. NIC Zuidlaren offers international equestrianism in 3 different disciplines: jumping; dressage and combined driving.
50 years of NIC Zuidlaren.
In year 2004 NIC Zuidlaren took place for the fiftieth time in history. It all happened in the Prins Bernhardhoeve exhibition complex in Zuidlaren. The event took 5 days and 36.000 visitors came to see the show. The fiftieth edition was special, because of the jubilee celebration. Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands accompanied the event, there were special shows and Mr. W. Roelfsema quit his NIC Zuidlaren presidency.

</doc>
<doc id="2885942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885942" title="Nazis, Communists, Klansmen, and Others on the Fringe">
Nazis, Communists, Klansmen, and Others on the Fringe

Nazis, Communists, Klansmen, and Others on the Fringe: Political Extremism in America is a 1992 book by John George and Laird Wilcox. It is an examination of political extremism of both the far left and far right in the United States.
The authors attempt to summarize the pre-1960 historical background of American extremist movements, discuss conspiracy theories and their validity, offer their insight on what motivates extremists, and discuss a number of contemporary groups on the "far left" and "far right" based principally on their personal contacts with approximately six hundred individual extremists and the extremists' own writings.
It was published by Prometheus Books (Buffalo, New York) in 1992 as a 523-page hardcover (ISBN 0-87975-680-2). In 1996, Prometheus Books (Amherst, New York) republished it as "American Extremists: Militias, Supremacists, Klansmen, Communists and Others" in a 443-page paperback (ISBN 1-57392-058-4).
Overview.
The authors give the history of their personal interest in political extremism. Recognizing their fallibility, and inability to claim "anything approaching complete objectivity", the authors attempted to "make an honest and diligent attempt to be fair and even-handed in our treatment of this subject." Distinguishing this book from the many covering "extremism" or "extremists" on the market (with their own agenda "to provide a rationale for persecuting or doing away with certain 'extremists'"), the authors' goal was "to provide understanding of a human problem, not a basis for one more round of persecutions." The authors propose a definition of "extremism" based on "the behavioral model" ("defined in terms of certain behaviors, particularly behavior toward other human beings"), passing up the "normative or "statistical" way" (framing the spectrum on a linear scale, a "bell curve") and the "popularity contest" theory ("social definition agreed upon by collective fiat"). The authors describe their position on the political spectrum as "a bit difficult to pin down"; they "might be most accurately described as pragmatists with libertarian tendencies."

</doc>
<doc id="2885946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885946" title="Median filter">
Median filter

In signal processing, it is often desirable to be able to perform some kind of noise reduction on an image or signal. The median filter is a nonlinear digital filtering technique, often used to remove noise. Such noise reduction is a typical pre-processing step to improve the results of later processing (for example, edge detection on an image). Median filtering is very widely used in digital image processing because, under certain conditions, it preserves edges while removing noise (but see discussion below).
Algorithm description.
The main idea of the median filter is to run through the signal entry by entry, replacing each entry with the median of neighboring entries. The pattern of neighbors is called the "window", which slides, entry by entry, over the entire signal. For 1D signals, the most obvious window is just the first few preceding and following entries, whereas for 2D (or higher-dimensional) signals such as images, more complex window patterns are possible (such as "box" or "cross" patterns). Note that if the window has an odd number of entries, then the median is simple to define: it is just the middle value after all the entries in the window are sorted numerically. For an even number of entries, there is more than one possible median, see median for more details.
Worked 1D example.
To demonstrate, using a window size of three with one entry immediately preceding and following each entry, a median filter will be applied to the following simple 1D signal:
x = 80 6 3
So, the median filtered output signal y will be:<br>
y= Median[2 2 80 = 2<br>
y= Median[2 80 6 = Median6 80 = 6<br>
y= Median[80 6 3 = Median6 80 = 6<br>
y= Median[6 3 3 = Median3 6 = 3
i.e. y = 6 6 3.
Boundary issues.
Note that, in the example above, because there is no entry preceding the first value, the first value is repeated, as with the last value, to obtain enough entries to fill the window. This is one way of handling missing window entries at the boundaries of the signal, but there are other schemes that have different properties that might be preferred in particular circumstances:
2D median filter pseudo code.
Code for a simple 2D median filter algorithm might look like this:
Note that this algorithm:
Algorithm implementation issues.
Typically, by far the majority of the computational effort and time is spent on calculating the median of each window. Because the filter must process every entry in the signal, for large signals such as images, the efficiency of this median calculation is a critical factor in determining how fast the algorithm can run. The "vanilla" implementation described above sorts every entry in the window to find the median; however, since only the middle value in a list of numbers is required, selection algorithms can be much more efficient. Furthermore, some types of signals (very often the case for images) use whole number representations: in these cases, histogram medians can be far more efficient because it is simple to update the histogram from window to window, and finding the median of a histogram is not particularly onerous. 
Edge preservation properties.
Median filtering is one kind of smoothing technique, as is linear Gaussian filtering. All smoothing techniques are effective at removing noise in smooth patches or smooth regions of a signal, but adversely affect edges. Often though, at the same time as reducing the noise in a signal, it is important to preserve the edges. Edges are of critical importance to the visual appearance of images, for example. For small to moderate levels of (Gaussian) noise, the median filter is demonstrably better than Gaussian blur at removing noise whilst preserving edges for a given, fixed window size. However, its performance is not that much better than Gaussian blur for high levels of noise, whereas, for speckle noise and salt and pepper noise (impulsive noise), it is particularly effective. Because of this, median filtering is very widely used in digital image processing.

</doc>
<doc id="2885947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885947" title="GWR 3600 Class">
GWR 3600 Class

The Great Western Railway (GWR) 3600 Class was a class of 2-4-2T side tank steam locomotive, designed by William Dean and built at Swindon in three lots in 1900-1903:
Dean had built an experimental 2-4-2T numbered 11, whose success led to the cancellation of another batch of 2-4-0 "Metro" Tanks and the construction of the 3600s in their place. The new 2-4-2Ts had 5'2" coupled wheels and 17" x 24" cylinders. The second batch were slightly longer than the prototype, resulting in greater tank capacity, and the third lot, delivered under Churchward, were slightly larger again, and had taper boilers. The class gained the nickname "Birdcage" due to their (for the GWR) unusually spacious cabs.
The 3600 class were fitted with steam reversing gear, steam brakes, and two steam-operated water pick-ups for forward and reverse working. This reflects their intended work as fast suburban engines. About half were employed on such duties in the Birmingham area. The rest worked in the London area, though later a few worked Chester-Birkenhead trains, and some were allocated to South Wales sheds. They were essentially passenger train locomotives, and were eventually superseded by Collett's 2-6-2Ts. All were withdrawn in 1930-34.

</doc>
<doc id="2885949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885949" title="Learning to fly">
Learning to fly

Learning to fly or learn to fly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885961" title="Port Rhombus EP">
Port Rhombus EP

Port Rhombus EP is a 1996 EP by Squarepusher. It was the first Squarepusher release on Warp Records. There is also a promo version, with identical tracks, but dated 1994. Also compiled in the US version of "Big Loada" on Nothing Records.

</doc>
<doc id="2885963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885963" title="Atland">
Atland

Atland can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2885965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885965" title="CDW">
CDW

CDW Corporation, headquartered in Vernon Hills, Illinois, is a provider of technology products and services for business, government and education.
The company has a secondary division known as "CDW-G", devoted solely to United States governmental purchasers, such as from schools, universities, cities, and the state and federal government.
CDW was originally incorporated as "MPK Computing" by its founding member Michael Krasny, who currently ranks on "Fortune" magazine's list of the wealthiest Americans. It later became Computer Discount Warehouse and then simply CDW.
In early 2006, CDW opened a distribution center in North Las Vegas, Nevada. The Vernon Hills, Illinois distribution center is roughly .
In October 2006 CDW acquired Berbee, a top tier reseller of IBM, Cisco, and Microsoft products and services. It was CDW's second major acquisition after purchasing Micro Warehouse in September 2003 and opening two remote offices in New Jersey (Voorhees and Eatontown) which employ over 500 people.
On Friday, October 12, 2007, CDW's acquisition by Chicago-based private equity firm Madison Dearborn Partners and Providence Equity Partners was officially completed at a value of over 7 billion dollars. It went public again in 2013.
CDW operates in Canada as CDW Canada Incorporated, based in Etobicoke, Ontario. CDW Canada was recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as one of the Best Workplaces in Canada in 2011, ranked as number 25 in the category for Large and Multinational companies.
Non-Profit.
CDW Non-Profit sector was founded in 2007. CDW Non-Profit assists in providing affordable technology tools and services to associations, foundations, governmental departments, religious and social service organizations. The Brookings Institution, Salvation Army, PCAOB, Aids Healthcare Foundation, The Metropolitan Museum of Art and American Heart Association are among some of their clients.

</doc>
<doc id="2885973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885973" title="Mileage">
Mileage

Mileage is literally a distance measured in miles.

</doc>
<doc id="2885977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885977" title="Adam Proudlock">
Adam Proudlock

Adam David Proudlock (born 9 May 1981) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker and is without a club.
He started his career in the Football League with Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1998, he went on to make over 70 league appearances, scoring 13 goals as well as spending time on loan with Clyde, Nottingham Forest, Tranmere Rovers and Sheffield Wednesday. He joined Wednesday permanently in 2003 where he made 50 appearances as well as appearing for Ipswich Town on loan before singing with Stockport County and Darlington. He ended his stay in professional football whilst in a two-year spell with Grimsby Town in which the club were relegated to the Conference National in 2009–10. He has since had spells at Non-league level for AFC Telford United, Chester, Market Drayton Town and Newport Town.
Career.
Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Born in Wellington, Telford, Shropshire, Proudlock began his career as a trainee with Wolverhampton Wanderers in August 1998. He had a loan spell at Scottish side Clyde at the start of the 2000–01 season to gain first team experience. There, he scored a hat trick on his professional debut on 5 August 2000 against last seasons Scottish 1st Division champions Falkirk in a 3–1 win at Broadwood. He scored five times in six games for Clyde and was named Scottish Division One player of the month for August 2000. He was recalled by Wolves and offered a new contract until 2003. He became a regular starter for Wolves throughout that season, which he ended as their top goalscorer with 11 goals.
He found himself mostly relegated to the substitutes bench in the 2001–02 season after manager Dave Jones spent heavily in the close season on new attacking players. He scored a hat trick against Bradford City in October 2001, which earned praise from Jones, but these ended up his only goals of the season. A knee injury suffered in December 2001 that required surgery interrupted his season, a four-match suspension followed and having missed a lot of football, he joined Nottingham Forest on a one-month loan in March 2002.
Opportunities were limited at Molineux and he joined Tranmere on loan in October 2002 and Sheffield Wednesday on loan in December 2002, where he scored twice in five matches. He was recalled by Wolves in January 2003 and made a total of 22 appearances, almost all as substitute, for Wolves in the 2002–03 season as Wolves were promoted to the Premier League after beating Sheffield United in the Division One play-off final in May 2003. In total, he scored 17 goals for Wolves in 84 appearances.
Sheffield Wednesday.
Proudlock joined Sheffield Wednesday on a three-year permanent deal in September 2003. He scored nine times during the 2003–04 season for his new club but suffered a broken leg in a training ground accident in November 2004, and did not play again in the 2004–05 season. He returned to the first team in the following season, but he joined Ipswich Town on a three-month loan in October 2005 after a one-week trial period./Proudlock then had his contract terminated by Sheffield Wednesday in September 2005 owing to a breach of discipline He had made 62 league and cup appearances for Sheffield Wednesday, scoring 17 goals.
Ipswich Town.
Proudlock was given a short-term contract by Ipswich in January 2006 until the end of the 2005–06 season. However, he made only two further substitute appearances for Ipswich to add to the seven that he made while on loan. Proudlock was released from the Portman Road club at the end of the 2005–06 campaign.
Stockport County.
Adam joined Stockport County on non-contract terms in August 2006. He agreed a permanent deal to the end of the 2007–08 season with Stockport in December 2006, and made 26 league and cup appearances for Stockport in the 2006–07 season, scoring six goals. The following season he scored ten goals as Stockport reached and won the League Two play-off final at Wembley Stadium in May 2008. However, a week later he was released by the club as his contract expired,
Darlington.
Following his release by County, Adam joined Darlington in July 2008 on a free transfer. However he failed to score in any of his games for the club, and struggled to hold down a first team place. Proudlock was then made available for loan by his manager Dave Penney.
Grimsby Town.
On 6 November 2008 Proudlock joined Grimsby Town on an initial two-month loan with a view to a permanent move.
He made his debut in the FA Cup defeat to Morecambe. He managed to score his first goal for the club in a 2–1 away defeat against Port Vale, and after impressing manager Mike Newell in his loan stay, Proudlock was reported to be a target for the club in the January transfer window. Adam made his move to Grimsby a permanent one by signing for the club until the end of the 2010–11 season in January 2009. His strike partnership with fellow newcomer Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro resulted in Adam scoring a hat-trick against local rivals Lincoln City in a 5–1 victory on 7 March 2009. Following the arrival of loan striker Barry Conlon, Proudlock found himself playing second fiddle to him and Akpa-Akpro in the remaining games of the season, but his goals and performances were a great help in helping the club eventually stave off relegation from the Football League. Adam finished the 2008–09 season as the club's top goalscorer, with a total of 8.
Following only 1 league goal for The Mariners during the 09/10 season, on 12 May 2010, Proudlock was one of seven players placed on the transfer list by Grimsby manager Neil Woods after their relegation from the Football League. Proudlock left the club on 22 June 2010.
AFC Telford United.
In July 2010 Proudlock began training with Hungarian side Ferencváros before being offered the chance of playing for Non League side Bridgnorth Town as well as recieiving an offer from Stafford Rangers but instead Adam chose to join Kidderminster Harriers on trial After failing to impress the Harriers management he joined Andy Sinton's A.F.C. Telford United on trial and played in the club's friendly against Chasetown. He subsequently signed a short term contract with the Bucks. In his first season he helped the club to promotion from the Conference North, but soon suffered an injury that sidelined him for the majority of the 2011–12 season. He rejected a fresh contract at Telford in June 2012 as it involved reduced terms and a pay as you play deal.
Chester and Market Drayton Town.
On 14 June 2012 Proudlock joined Conference North side Chester but left the club in September after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent.
After his release from Chester he then joined Market Drayton Town on a game-by game deal in October 2012. In December 2012 Proudlock moved on loan to his home town side Newport Town of the West Midlands Division Two
Whitehawk.
In July 2013 Proudlock signed for Whitehawk on non-contract terms, making his debut in the club's friendly with Crawley Town. He however left the club in August 2013 having being snubbed a further deal.
Honours.
As a player.
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Sheffield Wednesday
Stockport County
A.F.C. Telford United

</doc>
<doc id="2885978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885978" title="Intermediate film system">
Intermediate film system

The intermediate film system was a television process in which motion picture film was processed almost immediately after it was exposed in a camera, then scanned by a television scanner, and transmitted over the air. This system was used principally in Britain and Germany where television cameras were not sensitive enough to use reflected light, but could transmit a suitable image when a bright light was shown through motion picture film directly into the camera lens. John Logie Baird began developing the process in 1932, borrowing the idea from his licensees in Germany, where it was demonstrated by Fernseh AG in 1932 and used for broadcasting in 1934. The BBC used Baird's version of the process during the first three months of its then-"high-definition" television service from November 1936 through January 1937, and German television used it during broadcasts of the 1936 Summer Olympics. In both cases, intermediate film cameras alternated with newly introduced direct television cameras.
The exposed film, either 35mm or 17.5mm (35mm split in half, to save expense), travelled in a continuous band from the camera, usually atop a remote broadcast vehicle, into a machine that developed and fixed the image. The film was then run through a flying spot scanner (so called because it moved a focused beam of light back and forth across the image), and electronically converted from a negative to a positive image. Depending on the equipment, the time from camera to scanner could be a minute or less. An optical soundtrack was recorded onto the film, between the perforations and the edge of the film, at the same time the image was taken to keep the sound and image in synchronization.
The Intermediate film system, with its expensive film usage and relatively immobile cameras, did have the advantage that it left a filmed record of the programme which could be rerun at a different time, with a better image quality than the later kinescope films, which were shot from a video monitor.
Television tubes developed by Farnsworth and Zworykin in the United States, and by EMI in England, with much higher sensitivity to light, made the intermediate film system obsolete by 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="2885980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885980" title="Alexander Vilenkin">
Alexander Vilenkin

Alexander Vilenkin (; 13 May 1949, Kharkiv, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is Professor of Physics and Director of the Institute of Cosmology at Tufts University. A theoretical physicist who has been working in the field of cosmology for 25 years, Vilenkin has written over 150 papers and is responsible for introducing the ideas of eternal inflation and quantum creation of the universe from a quantum vacuum. Inflation is the idea that space expanded at trillion times faster than the speed of light right after the big bang. His work in cosmic strings has been pivotal. With Arvind Borde and Alan Guth, he is one of the originators of the Borde-Guth-Vilenkin theorem.
He received his undergraduate degree in physics in 1971 in the former Soviet Union (University of Kharkiv). He later moved to the United States, where he obtained his Ph.D. at Buffalo. His work has been featured in numerous newspaper and magazine articles in the United States, Europe, Russia, and Japan, and in many popular books.
He sometimes wears sunglasses when giving seminars which give him a characteristic appearance. Apparently these are because his eyes are sensitive to bright projector lights.

</doc>
<doc id="2885983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885983" title="Arizona (disambiguation)">
Arizona (disambiguation)

Arizona may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2885992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885992" title="McGill-Queen's University Press">
McGill-Queen's University Press

The McGill-Queen's University Press (MQUP) is a joint venture between McGill University in Montreal, Quebec and Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario.
McGill-Queen's University Press publishes original peer-reviewed works in most areas of the social sciences and humanities. It currently has more than 2,800 books in print. For more than twenty-five years, the publishing house has been under the direction of Executive Director Philip Cercone, a former director of Canada's Aid to Scholarly Publishing Programme, the governmental agency that funds scholarly books published in Canada. Under Cercone's guidance, the list has grown to the point where MQUP is generally recognized as Canada's leading academic publisher. One of its editors is the historian and author Donald Akenson.
Publications.
Among the most well-known academics to have published with the press are Jacob Neusner, Margaret Somerville, Stéphane Dion, Charles Taylor, Bruce Trigger and Christl Verduyn. It also has a poetry list including such writers as Carmine Starnino, Mark Abley, Peter Dale Scott and Brian Bartlett. In recent years the press has also become known for contentious books on Canadian politics by Tom Flanagan among others. Some of its books are translated from the French. 
McGill-Queen's has been awarded numerous prizes for the design of its books. 
History.
McGill-Queen's University Press began as McGill in 1961 and amalgamated with Queen's in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="2885995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885995" title="Napoléon Charles Bonaparte">
Napoléon Charles Bonaparte

Napoléon Louis Charles Bonaparte (10 October 1802 – 5 May 1807) was the eldest son of Louis Bonaparte and Hortense de Beauharnais. His father was Emperor Napoleon I's younger brother; his mother was the daughter of Napoleon's first wife, Josephine de Beauharnais.
Life.
At the time of his birth his uncle was First Consul of France and childless. Napoleon Charles was his eldest nephew and seen as a potential heir, but he died before reaching his fifth birthday on 5 May 1807 of croup.
Napoleon Charles had two brothers: the youngest, Louis Napoleon, eventually became Emperor as Napoleon III in 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="2886006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886006" title="Kader Khan">
Kader Khan

Kader Khan (born 22 October 1935) is an Indian film actor, comedian, script and dialogue writer and Director. He graduated from Ismail Yusuf College affiliated to Bombay University. Before entering the film industry (1970–75) he taught at M. H. Saboo Siddik College of Engineering, Mumbai as a professor of Civil Engineering.
Personal life.
Khan was born on 22 October 1935 in Kabul, Afghanistan. He is an ethnic Pashtun. He is the son of Abdul Rehman Khan who was from Kandahar while his mother was Iqbal Begum from Pishin, Balochistan. He had three brothers Shams ur Rehman, Fazal Rehman & Habib ur Rehman who all died before he was born. He is a Haffiz-e-Quran.
At the age of one, his family immigrated to Bombay and started living in the crime infested slums of Kamathipura . He enrolled in a local municipal school and later in the Ismail Yusuf College after which he obtained a master's diploma in engineering- (M.I.E.) from the Institution of Engineers (India) specializing in civil engineering. Between 1970 and 1975, he taught at M. H. Saboo Siddik College of Engineering in Byculla as teacher of civil engineering. 
On the college's annual day function, Khan took part in a play and it was acclaimed by all present. Dilip Kumar came to know about it; he called him and showed keenness in watching the play. Khan made special arrangements and acted the play for him. Kumar was so impressed that he signed him for his next two films: "Sagina Mahato" and "Bairaag".
Khan lives in Mumbai, the home of the Hindi film industry. And he has family, who lives in the Netherlands and Canada. He has three sons; Sarfaraz Khan and Shahnawaz Khan and the third son lives in Canada. His son Sarfaraz Khan has also acted in several films. It is reported that Kader Khan is also a citizen of Canada. He currently lives in Santa Cruz, Mumbai.
Career.
Khan has acted in over 450 films in Hindi and Urdu and has written dialogues for over 250 Indian films, from the 1970s up to the turn of the 21st century. Manmohan Desai paid him a handsome amount of one lakh twenty-one thousand for writing dialogues for the film "Roti" (1974). He is most popularly recognized for working with actor Jeetendra, Feroz Khan, Amitabh Bachchan, Govinda and in films by David Dhawan. He has worked side-by-side with other comedians like Shakti Kapoor and Johnny Lever. He has played a large variety of parts in films like a supporting role of a father, uncle, brother, main villain or the side villain, guest actor and comedian. He is best known as a legend in Hindi cinema. He has made a great contribution to the Hindi film industry and Bollywood.
He recently appeared in "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi" (2004), ' (2006) and ' (2006). He starred in his own comedy television series titled "Hasna Mat", which aired on Star Plus.
There were rumours of him writing a sequel to "Andaaz Apna Apna" but, when media asked him, he denied it saying "I have not taken any projects as writer, its just a rumor." He made a comeback on Indian television with a comedy series "Hi! Padosi... Kaun Hai Doshi?" on Sahara One.
Dialogue and script writer.
As a dialogue writer Kader Khan has worked with Manmohan Desai and Prakash Mehra for their films starring Amitabh Bachchan. Besides Amitabh, he was the only one to work in the rival camps of Mehra and Desai. His films with them include "Ganga Jamuna Saraswati, Sharaabi, Coolie, Desh Premee, Lawaaris, Suhaag, Muqaddar Ka Sikandar, Parvarish" and "Amar Akbar Anthony".
Other Amitabh Bachchan films for which he has written dialogues are "Mr. Natwarlal, Khoon Pasina, Do Aur Do Paanch, Satte Pe Satta, Inquilab, Giraftaar, Hum and Agneepath". Khan has also written screenplays for films starring Amitabh like "Agneepath" and "Naseeb".
Other hit films for which he has written dialogues "Himmatwala, Coolie No. 1, Main Khiladi Tu Anari, Kanoon Apna Apna, Khoon Bhari Maang, Karma, Sultanat, Sarfarosh, Justice Choudhary, Dharam Veer" etc.
Filmfare Awards.
Winner
Khan was recognized by the AFMI (American Federation of Muslims from India) for his achievement and service to the Muslim community in India.

</doc>
<doc id="2886010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886010" title="Solidere">
Solidere

Solidere s.a.l. is a Lebanese joint-stock company in charge of planning and redeveloping Beirut Central District following the conclusion, in 1990, of the country’s devastating civil war. By agreement with the government, Solidere enjoys special powers of eminent domain as well as a limited regulatory authority codified in law, making the company a unique form of public-private partnership.
Solidere was founded on 5 May 1994 by then-Prime Minister Rafik Hariri and was incorporated as a privately owned company listed on the stock exchange. The name “Solidere” stands for "Société libanaise pour le développement et la reconstruction de Beyrouth", French for “The Lebanese Company for the Development and Reconstruction of Beirut.”
Projects.
Solidere is widely credited as the most important force behind Beirut’s reemergence, in recent years, as a bustling urban destination with a chance to earn back its ancient title of “Paris of the Middle East", even though it would be at the price of demolishing its charm. Solidere's main functions are the supervision of the government-authorized reconstruction plan, financing and developing the infrastructure, new construction and rehabilitation of war-torn structures, urban landscaping and the management of property. Solidere has worked to attract global retailers such as Virgin Megastores to Beirut Central District. The company’s most significant single project to date has been Beirut Souks, a 100,000 m2 retail center that was scheduled to open by year 2008, however opened in 2009. Other ongoing developments include the Hadiqat As-Samah (Garden of Forgiveness), Platinum Tower and the Marina Towers luxury residential complex, and now very majorly the Beirut Gate and Phoenician village projects planned for the near future.
Controversy and challenges.
Solidere is criticized for having destroyed the social fabric of "Centre-Ville" (aka Downtown Beirut), because of its very controversial methods which consisted in forcing the ancient inhabitants and shop owners of the city to exchange their property for shares in the company. Also, these shares were not worth the real value of their properties. The ancient owners who didn't accept to become shareholders were driven out of the place without indemnisation.
Furthermore, opponents to this project reported the lack of concern for the legitimate ancient inhabitants of the old city, the Rafik Hariri family having not asked their opinion about their project.
Within just a year of Solidere’s establishment, legal challenges were mounted, attempting to halt some of its planned demolitions and questioning its methods of compensating the owners of buildings in its development areas with shares, rather than cash. Allegations emerged that the Hariri family abused power and forced through demolition orders and harassed reluctant owners. The cases of more than 50 former building owners from the downtown area were taken up by Lebanese human rights lawyer Dr. Muhamad Mugraby.
In 2007, Mugraby claimed in the Lebanese Daily Star newspaper that “Solidere is a Lebanese form of vigilantism under color of the law. It violates the Constitution, which prohibits the confiscation of property without prompt compensation and only for the public good. Most of the people who were hurt were not strictly the property owners but the occupants or lease holders, whose rights were taken away by law 117 and given to Solidere.”
In addition to raising legal claims, groups of property rights holders from Beirut’s Central District have also called for the legislation which allowed Solidere’s innovative remuneration structure to be declared unconstitutional and annulled, and civil society organizations calling for greater transparency and accountability from Solidere have been among Lebanon’s most vociferous.
Since 2010 and the beginning of the Syria Civil War-and the exacerbation of violence in Lebanon, proof has been given to those that were claiming that Beirut downtown was no longer for lebanese people but for strangers, mostly arab from the UAE, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait that they were right: the Downtown Beirut district has been empty because the embassies of these countries asked their nationals to avoid any unnecessary travel to Lebanon.
Financials.
Solidere’s shares are listed on the Beirut and Kuwait Stock Exchange, and its Global Depository Receipts trade on the London, Frankfurt and Luxembourg Stock Exchanges. Its share price on the Beirut exchange has risen sharply in recent years, from about US$5 in early 2004 to a high of US$26 in February 2006. In June 2006, Solidere approved a US$100M dividends payout to its shareholders.
Most of Solidere’s investors are European and North American investment firms or Arab investors from the Gulf. Rafik Hariri's share in the company has been a controversial subject in the Lebanese political spectrum. Some rumors say that he owned a majority stake in Solidere before his assassination in 2005, and the Hariri family continues to be a principal shareholder today. However, the Hariri family rejected those rumors saying that Rafik Hariri owned only 6% of the company's shares.

</doc>
<doc id="2886016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886016" title="Ross Stores">
Ross Stores

Ross Stores, Inc. is an American chain of off-price department stores headquartered in Pleasanton, California, operating under the name Ross Dress for Less. It is the third largest off-price retailer in the United States, behind T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, both of which are owned by TJX Companies.
As of March 2014 Ross operates 1,173 locations in 33 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and Guam,
History.
The Ross Department Store was first opened in Pacifica, California, in 1950 by Morris "Morrie" Ross. Morris would work 85 hours a week doing all of the buying and bookkeeping for his department store. In 1958 Ross sold his store to become a residential and commercial real estate developer. In 1982 a group of investors, including Mervin Morris, founder of the Mervyns chain of department stores, purchased the six Ross Department Stores in San Francisco, changed the format to off-price retail units, and within three years rapidly expanded the chain to 107 stores under Stuart Moldaw and Don Rowlett. By the end of 1995 the chain reached an annual sales of $1.4 billion with 292 stores in 18 states. By 2012 Ross reached $9.7 billion for the fiscal year with 1,091 stores in 33 states with an additional 108 for dd's Discount in 8 states.
dd's Discounts.
Ross also operates dd's Discounts, a chain of clothing and furniture stores, with prices below those of the main Ross stores. The "dd's" stands for "deep discounts". Ross and dd's Discounts stores often operate side by side in space formerly used by a large box store such as a grocery store and then subdivided.

</doc>
<doc id="2886017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886017" title="Macclesfield Park">
Macclesfield Park

Macclesfield Park is a small park located in Yardley, Pennsylvania.
It hosts games, tournaments and practices for Pop Warner football, youth and adult soccer, baseball and softball, and teams belonging to the Pennsbury School District, primarily the soccer and Ultimate teams. Access is by permit only.

</doc>
<doc id="2886027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886027" title="Peugeot 304">
Peugeot 304

The Peugeot 304 is a small family car introduced to the public at the Paris Motor Show in September 1969 by the French car manufacturer Peugeot. The saloon/sedan disappeared from the Sochaux assembly lines during the summer of 1979, while the "break" (estate) survived until the spring of 1980.
Peugeot, which had always been a financially prudent company, saw a gap in the midsize car market in France, Italy and the rest of Western Europe. By using the smaller 204's midsection, development costs were minimized resulting in a higher profit margin because of the higher pricing structure in the larger, better equipped market. The 304's main competitors on its home market came from Renault and Simca, with Citroen noticeably absent from this sector at the launch. The 304 was a success for Peugeot and was noted for several advanced features under its sombre Pininfarina styled exterior. With its independent suspended front-wheel-drive drivetrain and disc brakes, it rode and handled better than most of its contemporaries, including some cars in higher price brackets. The chassis served Peugeot well and lasted for approximately 24 years adapted to derivative models. There was a distinct upmarket feel to the 304, its handsome lines were well suited to postwar Europe's newly affluent middle classes who desired roomy, advanced and stylish cars to park in their driveways. At about this time the Autoroutes were opening up France and car manufacturers around Europe knew that any car launched hence, would need to add an ability to travel at high speeds, in relative comfort with sure-footed handling to its lineup in order to compete. The 304 fulfilled this brief and became one of the best-selling cars in its market segment.
The car was sold until 1980 and was replaced by the Peugeot 305, which had been launched in 1977.
It was based on the Peugeot 204 with which it shared many components, the most obvious difference being the frontal styling.
The engine.
The 304 was launched with an all alloy SOHC four-cylinder 1288 cc petrol engine (XL3). More powerful S versions of the engine, sporting a twin choke/twin barrel carburettor (XL3S), became an option in 1972: the S engines provided a output increase to 75 bhp (55 kW). Various detailed modifications were made to the engine in 1975 which boosted torque and included a marginal displacement increase to 1290 cc (XL5/XL5S).
A 1357 cc diesel engine became available for the saloon from July 1976, and for the estate and "fourgonette" van two months later. In July 1979, a larger 1548 cc diesel engine was offered; this was the engine also installed in early versions of the Peugeot 305.
Running gear.
The car was moderately advanced for its time, having fully independent suspension, and a four-speed gearbox located directly below the engine, sharing the same oil as the engine. Although most interior components were interchangeable with the 204, the 304 had a floor-mounted gear change in place of the column-mounted control in the smaller car. The transverse-engine front-wheel-drive configuration conferred enhanced cabin space, although this was no longer such an unusual feature as it had been for the 204 back in 1965. The 304 also incorporated front disc brakes and headlights that could adjust for left/right hand drive.
The body.
The 304 was designed to slot between the popular 204 and the recently introduced Peugeot 504. Since the 204 had an exceptionally spacious passenger cabin for its class, the 304 body used the central portion of the 204: engine and running gear components were mostly interchangeable between the two cars. However, the 304 had a restyled front grill and headlights, designed consciously to emulate the 504 which had received a generally positive response from the market place.
More substantial differences occurred at the rear of the saloon, where overhang on the 304 was 13.5 cm (5.5 inches) longer than on the 204: this allowed for a larger boot/trunk. However, estate and two-door versions shared their (shorter) rear ends with corresponding models in the 204 range. Coupé and cabriolet versions replaced their 204 forerunners in March 1970, being the first models to receive the "S" version of the engine two years later in March 1972. However, the cabriolet and coupé 304s were withdrawn from the market, without direct replacements, respectively in July 1972 and August 1973. The fourgonette (van) version of the 304 appeared only in September 1977, as a belated replacement for the 204 fourgonette which had disappeared from the production lines the previous year.
The 304 changed little during a model life exceeding ten years. From the outside, the saloon received a simplified rear light cluster design in September 1972, and the Peugeot badge appearing on the front grill was now took on a gold coloured solid form in place of the silver/grey coloured outline badge that the car had worn hitherto. The roof line of the saloon was discretely squared off to give greater headroom for rear passengers: the window frames on the rear doors were modified correspondingly, adding about and inch and a half to their rearmost upper edge and making them unique to the 304, while the car's front doors remained interchangeable with those on the 204. Changes under the metal included the replacement of the dynamo with an alternator in 1971 and the fitting of wider tyres in 1974. The hydraulically operated clutch was replaced with a cable operated mechanism in 1977.
Commercial.
Launched in 1969, the Peugeot 304 confronted a more competitive market place than the one that had greeted the 204 in 1965. From the start it found itself in a fight for market share with the Renault 12 also introduced at the 1969 motor show: after the launch in 1970 of the Citroën GS competition intensified further. Nevertheless, the entire segment was boosted by the 1973 oil price shock as motorists traded down from larger cars. The Peugeot was particularly popular with the police and other public services both within France and in the Saarland region of Germany where the German Peugeot importer is based and where locally, for historical reasons, Peugeot traditionally enjoyed a level of market penetration usually reserved, at that time, for domestically branded makes.
The 304 saloon remained in production until 1979, by when a saloon version of the Peugeot 305 had been on sale for two years: the break (estate) 304 continued until Summer 1980, by when an estate version of the 305 had been introduced. In 1980, when the last 304 estates had come off the lines at Mulhouse, 1,178,423 Peugeot 304s had been produced: of these, approximately 36% were exported, mostly within Europe: during the 1970s Peugeot was one of several European manufacturers successfully learning to treat the entire EEC region as a single market.
The estate version was also exported to North Africa, where many were deployed as taxis and louages. In Egypt, as of 2009, the estate version of the 304 remains one of the most widespread types of vehicle in taxi service, though the government is hoping to persuade taxi drivers to adopt more recently manufactured, more government-imposed emissions compliant vehicles.
Cabriolet.
The Peugeot 304 also had a 2-door cabriolet version, which also contained only 2 seats, unlike the coupe version. This version is also the only version of the 304 that exists in any significant numbers in the UK today, as most saloons imported were destroyed by corrosion.
Data.
Technical data Peugeot 304 "(Manufacturer's figures except where stated)"

</doc>
<doc id="2886028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886028" title="H. Dieter Zeh">
H. Dieter Zeh

Heinz-Dieter Zeh (usually referred to as H. Dieter Zeh) (born 8 May 1932 in Brunswick), is a Professor Emeritus of the University of Heidelberg and theoretical physicist. He is one of the developers of the many-minds interpretation of quantum mechanics and the discoverer of decoherence, first described in his seminal 1970 paper.

</doc>
<doc id="2886031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886031" title="Aegineta">
Aegineta

Aegineta was an ancient Greek modeller (or "fictor," one who sculpts with clay or other plastic material) mentioned by Pliny the Elder. Some scholars supposed that the word "Aeginetae" in the passage of Pliny denoted merely the country—Aegina—of some artist, whose real name was not given. The consensus of scholarly opinion is now against this hypothesis, however, and it is generally believed that "Aegineta" was the man's given name.
His brother Pasias, a painter of some distinction, was a pupil of Erigonus, who had been color-grinder to the artist Nealkes. We learn from Plutarch, that Nealkes was a friend of Aratus of Sicyon, who was elected praetor of the Achaean League in 243 BC. We shall not be far wrong therefore in assuming that Aegineta and his brother flourished about 220 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="2886032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886032" title="ISIS neutron source">
ISIS neutron source

ISIS is a pulsed neutron and muon source. It is situated at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory on the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom and is part of the Science and Technology Facilities Council. It uses the techniques of muon spectroscopy and neutron scattering to probe the structure and dynamics of condensed matter on a microscopic scale ranging from the subatomic to the macromolecular. 
Hundreds of experiments are performed annually at ISIS by visiting researchers from around the world, in diverse science areas including physics, chemistry, materials engineering, earth sciences, biology and archaeology.
Neutrons and muons.
Neutrons are uncharged constituents of atoms and penetrate materials well, deflecting only from the nuclei of atoms. The statistical accumulation of deflected neutrons at different positions beyond the sample can be used to find the structure of a material, and the loss or gain of energy by neutrons can reveal the dynamic behaviour of parts of a sample, for example diffusive processes in solids. At ISIS the neutrons are created by accelerating 'bunches' of protons in a synchrotron, then colliding these with a heavy tungsten metal target, under a constant cooling load to dissipate the heat from the 160 kW proton beam. The impacts cause neutrons to spall off the tungsten atoms, and the neutrons are channelled through guides, or beamlines, to around 20 instruments, each individually optimised for the study of different types of interactions between the neutron beam and matter. The target station and most of the instruments are set in a large hall. Neutrons are a dangerous form of radiation, so the target and beamlines are heavily shielded with concrete.
ISIS produces muons by colliding a fraction of the proton beam with a graphite target, producing pions which decay rapidly into muons, delivered in a spin-polarised beam to sample stations.
Science at ISIS.
ISIS is administered and operated by the Science and Technology Facilities Council (previously CCLRC). Experimental time is open to academic users from funding countries and is applied for through a twice-yearly 'call for proposals'. Research allocation, or 'beam-time', is allotted to applicants via a peer-review process. Users and their parent institutions do not pay for the running costs of the facility, which are as much as £11,000 per instrument per day. Their transport and living costs are also refunded whilst carrying out the experiment. Most users stay in Ridgeway House, a hotel near the site, or at Cosener's House, an STFC-run conference centre in Abingdon. Over 600 experiments by 1600 users are completed every year.
A large number of support staff operate the facility, aid users, and carry out research, the control room is staffed 24 hours a day, every day of the year. Instrument scientists oversee the running of each instrument and liaise with users, and other divisions provide sample environment, data analysis and computing expertise, maintain the accelerator, and run education programmes. ISIS is also one of the few neutron facilities to have a significant detector group that researches and develops new techniques for collecting data.
Among the important and pioneering work carried out was the discovery of the structure of high-temperature superconductors and the solid phase of buckminster-fullerene.
Construction for a second target station (TS2) started in 2003, and the first neutrons were delivered to the target on December 14, 2007. TS2 uses low-energy neutrons to study soft condensed matter, biological systems, advanced composites and nanomaterials.
Instruments.
The instruments currently at ISIS are:
History and background of ISIS.
The source was approved in 1977 for the RAL site on the Harwell campus and recycled components from earlier UK science programmes including the accelerator hall which had previously been occupied by the Nimrod accelerator. The first beam was produced in 1984, and the facility was formally opened by the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1985.
The name ISIS is not an acronym: it refers to the Ancient Egyptian goddess and the local name for the River Thames. The name was selected for the official opening of the facility in 1985, prior to this it was known as the SNS, or Spallation Neutron Source. The name was considered appropriate as Isis was a goddess who could restore life to the dead, and ISIS made use of equipment previously constructed for the Nimrod and NINA accelerators.
The second target station was given funding in 2003 by Lord Sainsbury, then science minister, and was completed in 2009, on time and budget, with the opening of 7 instruments. In April 2010, the Science Minster, David Willetts gave a £21 million investment to build 4 new instruments, which are due to be brought into operation in 2015.
ISIS was originally expected to have an operational life of 20 years (1985 to 2005), but its continued success led to a process of refurbishment and further investment, which has extended its operational life for a further 20 years. 

</doc>
<doc id="2886062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886062" title="Leon Haslam">
Leon Haslam

Leon Lloyd Haslam (born 31 May 1983 in the London Borough of Ealing) is a motorcycle racer from England. He began racing at an early age and by the time he was in his late teens, he had raced in most of the significant British and international championships. Between 2005 and 2008 he was a regular front-runner in the British Superbike Championship. For 2009 he switched to the Superbike World Championship, remaining there in 2010 (his third full season in the class) on a factory Suzuki. Haslam is nicknamed 'Pocket Rocket' and is the son of 'Rocket' Ron Haslam.
Early Days 1998–2003.
Haslam was first exposed to motorcycle racing as a baby, often travelling with his parents to his dad's races. He was 1995 and 1996's National Youth Motocross champion, and 1998's MCN Young Rider of the Year after finishing 7th in the British 125cc Championship. He did an assortment of 125cc races in 1999, but quickly advanced into international racing after that. Leon spent the 2000 season with the underprepared Italjet team on their return to the 125cc world championship, then racing a privateer Honda NSR500V in 2001 (scoring five points finishes, as the youngest rider ever to compete in the series), and a 250cc Honda in 2002 (again scoring points five times).
At this stage, having never ridden on competitive machinery, he had valuable experience but little in the way of results, leading him to return home. For 2003 Renegade Ducati signed him to ride in the British Supersport championship, but he was promoted to the full blown Superbike after the departure of Sean Emmett, also riding in six World Superbikes races with a best finish of sixth at Assen and Magny Cours.
World Superbike Championship 2004.
For 2004 he did the full WSBK season for Renegade alongside Noriyuki Haga. He was 8th overall with a best of 3rd, finishing as the rookie of the year. Haslam also had an impressive victory in a British Superbike race at Brands Hatch on one of the team's 3 ventures into the series. In torrential rain, this was the only Ducati win in the series all year, even though this was the title-winning bike in both 2003 (Shane "Shakey" Byrne) and 2005 (Gregorio Lavilla).
British Superbikes 2005–2008.
With Renegade switching to Honda machinery and cutting to one rider Haslam moved to BSB with the reformed GSE Racing Squad, now known as Airwaves Ducati. Haslam finished 4th overall behind only team-mate Lavilla and the two HM Plant Hondas of Ryuichi Kiyonari and Michael Rutter. 
2006 saw Leon once again on the Airwaves sponsored GSE Ducati 999, partnering Lavilla. In the first 12 races of the 2006 season he finished 2nd no less than 8 times, without winning a race but taking 3 poles and lying 2nd overall. The wins came later; he was particularly proud of a win in the wet at Croft.
He managed to push for the title all the way to the last race of the season at a rain soaked Brands Hatch where Leon, Lavilla and Kiyonari all had a chance to win. Leon was running second to Kiyo in the first race when it was stopped after Byrne crashed heavily, and despite storming to victory in the second race, he ended the season in second place and Lavilla (who crashed in race one) was third. Leon did however drive off in the £50,000 Audi convertible which was his prize for scoring the most points in the Audi pole position competition.
While Lavilla won the first four races and lead the championship after eight, Haslam struggled to match these results. However, two second places at Oulton Park in round four moved him up to fourth overall. He ultimately finished 3rd, behind Kiyonari and Jonathan Rea's Hondas but ahead of a fading Lavilla.
Haslam was released by Airwaves Ducati for 2008, when they initially withdrew from the series over questions about the legality of the Ducati 1098 under the new BSB tuning rules. He joined Airwaves' rivals HM Plant Honda, but the Ducati proved to be the faster bike, with Shakey Byrne dominating the championship. Haslam struggled early in the season and was generally outpaced by younger team-mate Cal Crutchlow, and was excluded from race 2 at Oulton Park after a racing incident with Tom Sykes. Despite several podium finishes his first win did not come until round 8 at Knockhill, when race leader Byrne crashed heavily. He then took a double win at Cadwell Park, despite not starting on the front row
Haslam also made two wild card appearance in the World Superbike Championship at Donington Park and Portimão. A competitive showing at Donington ended with disappointing results. In race one he ran with the leaders after a red flag, but eased off after seeing a white flag with a red cross, which means the surface is slippery in WSBK, while in British Superbike, that indicates a safety vehicle is on course (typically a full-course caution period to neutralise the race with the deployment of the safety car). The time he lost here proved costly, as he was taken out a lap later. In race two he crashed out of fourth place with just three laps to go. At Portimão he finished third in race two, with a German flag above him on the podium, implying that the officials expected Max Neukirchner to overhaul him.
World Superbike Championship 2009–Present.
WSBK remained his target for 2009, and he joined the Stiggy Honda team for their first World Superbike campaign, starting the year strongly with a third place finish at the first round at Phillip Island in race two. The Dutch Grand Prix at Assen was also a very successful weekend as Haslam finished on the podium in both races with a third place in race one and a second place in race two. He finished the season 6th overall, comfortably the top privateer.
Haslam's impressive results for Stiggy led to Alstare Suzuki signing him to partner Sylvain Guintoli for the 2010 season. He took his first WSBK pole in the 2010 season opener at Phillip Island. He then went on to win his first World Superbike race in race one, narrowly beating Michel Fabrizio by 0.004 seconds at the line in the closest finish ever recorded in a World Superbike race. Haslam was also in control of race two until 3 turns from the end he was overtaken by the eventual winner Carlos Checa. He took two second places at round 2 in Portugal. These strong results continued in the early part of the season, before a run of four successive wins for Max Biaggi's Aprilia. This led Haslam to publicly ask Suzuki Japan for more resources, in order to prevent their title challenge from faltering. Haslam beat Biaggi in both Silverstone races, to trim Biaggi's championship lead to 60 points. The championship went down to the penultimate round at Imola with Haslam needing to win, in race one both Haslam and Biaggi made mistakes, Biaggi ran straight on at turns 3 and 4 the Villeneuve esses cutting across the track right in front of the competitors and was lucky not to be hit or fall off, he recovered to finish 11th while Haslam was 2nd going into the final lap, coming into rivazza one Haslam tried to go underneath race leader Carlos Checa, Haslam however could not stop the bike and ended up in the gravel and could only manage a 5th place, in race 2 Biaggi made a much better start and was right at the front from the start, with Haslam. Haslam made a mistake on lap 7 which dropped him back to 5th place, trying to make his way back up the field going through the Villeneuve esses his engine blew up, this was the Suzuki's first mechanical failure of the year. This handed the title to Max Biaggi who came home 5th, with wild celebrations on the slow down lap.
On the 27 September Haslam was released from his two-year contract with Alstare Suzuki by mutual consent, team manager Francis Batta citing the lack of response to the call for help from the Suzuki factory. 
On 28 September 2010, Haslam signed a two-year contract with the BMW team to ride in the 2011 Superbike World Championship season, and for the 2013 season he joined Ten Kate Honda Fireblade WSB operating as "Team Pata Honda", with Ulsterman Jonny Rea as team-mate.
In July 2013 Haslam won the prestigious Suzuka 8-hour endurance race in Japan, partnered-up for the race with Team Pata World Supersport rider Michael van der Mark – debuting at Suzuka – and 2010 winner Takumi Takahashi in the MuSashi HARC Pro Honda team.
Personal life.
Leon has two sisters, Emma and Zoe. In 2010, he married his long term partner, former glamour model turned TV presenter Olivia Stringer in Sweden, who gave birth to their daughter Ava May in December 2011 and Max Peter on 11 August 2013.
Haslam owns the snooker cue that Peter Ebdon used to win the 2002 World Snooker Championship, and has it framed on his wall. He also enjoys playing poker, pool and golf, and supports Manchester United F.C.. His training partners include his wife, and the Formula Renault front-runner Riki Christodoulou. At Mallory Park he also made his debut in the British Rallycross Championship in a Suzuki Swift, for which he then stated he had plans to run in the series part-time in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2886080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886080" title="Victor Barton">
Victor Barton

Victor Alexander Barton (6 October 1867 – 23 March 1906) was a cricketer who played for Kent County Cricket Club in 1889 and 1890 before joining the Army.
Cricket career.
Whilst in the Army he was selected for the second England team to tour in 1891–92, which was a team that travelled to South Africa. The other side went to Australia. It was on the 1891–92 tour that Barton played one match that was later to be recognised as a Test match.
Buying himself out of the military Barton played for Hampshire between 1895 and 1902. Bedevilled by ill-health, Barton died aged 38.
Football career.
Barton also played football as a goalkeeper, making one appearance for Southampton St. Mary's in the semi-final of the Hampshire Senior Cup in February 1893. In the match, played at the County Ground, Southampton, the Saints defeated Portsmouth 2–0. Barton was injured by the time of the final on 11 March and was replaced by Ralph Ruffell, with Southampton going down 2–1 to local rivals Freemantle.
Career outside sport.
In partnership with former Southampton St. Mary's footballer Jack Dorkin, Barton ran a sports outfitters business in Southampton.

</doc>
<doc id="2886082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886082" title="Mato">
Mato

Mato may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2886086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886086" title="Son of Sam (song)">
Son of Sam (song)

"Son of Sam" is a single by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, released on April 11, 2000 as the second and final single from his fifth studio album, "Figure 8".
Background.
The song was not about the real life "Son of Sam", serial killer David Berkowitz. Smith explained, "It's not about the serial killer. I'm not sure exactly what it's about because it's just sort of like telling someone a dream you had last night. There are some destructive figures in it, 'Son of Sam', Shiva... but Shiva's also associated with creativity... I'm not sure... it's just an impressionistic song about destruction and creativity, I guess; if it's about anything."
An acoustic version appears as a B-side on Smith's first single from "Figure 8", "Happiness".
Release.
"Son of Sam" was released on April 11, 2000 and is the second and final single released from "Figure 8".
Live.
Elliott performed "Son of Sam" live on tour in support of "Figure 8", both with an electric band and solo with an acoustic guitar. Notably, he performed it with a band on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" on April 21, 2000.
Music video.
A music video was directed by Autumn de Wilde for the song, featuring intermittent black and white stop frames. Smith is seen following a red balloon that moves by itself; this concept resembles that of the 1956 French film "The Red Balloon", although de Wilde notes in the photo-book "Elliott Smith" that the video was inspired by the 1962 French film "La jetée".
In an interview Smith said, "The person who did 'Son of Sam' is a friend of mine. I didn't want some hot shit Hollywood guy to make God knows what. My friend Autumn, who is a photographer, had never made a film before, but she was very interested in doing it, so she came up with an idea. It was fun because I knew her, and I liked and respected her pictures."

</doc>
<doc id="2886101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886101" title="Buk District, Gwangju">
Buk District, Gwangju

Buk District (Buk-gu) is a district situated in the northern part of the city of Gwangju, South Korea. It is similar to a ward in the United States. The district is by far the most populated district in Gwangju, and elects two lawmakers for the South Korean National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="2886103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886103" title="Children's Favourites">
Children's Favourites

"Children's Favourites was a BBC Radio programme from 1954 broadcast on the Light Programme on Saturday mornings from 9:00. A precursor (from 1952) had been called Children's Choice" after the style of "Housewives' Choice".
The programme played requests from children of all ages. For most of its run, the programme was frequently introduced by Derek McCulloch (Uncle Mac). McCulloch's grandfatherly tone was quintessentially 'old-school' BBC. His opening words "Hello children, everywhere!" were his "catch-phrase", though a modification of his much earlier closing words "Goodnight children, everywhere" on "Children's Hour". 
Many children wrote in with requests, though often just to get their names mentioned on the radio. McCulloch ensured that all types of music were played whatever the majority had requested: not just children's pieces but a wide range of music from pop to hymns to the light classics. The signature tune for most of the time until the mid-1960s was "Puffin' Billy" by Edward White played by Melodi Light Orchestra. 
McCulloch made his last broadcast in 1965 and several other presenters were then tried including Leslie Crowther. After Radio 1 and Radio 2 were launched, the show was renamed Junior Choice (simultaneously broadcast on the two stations) and "Puffin' Billy" was replaced by "Morningtown Ride". An instrumental version of the Seekers' hit was used, played by Stan Butcher and his Birds and Brass.
In February 1968 Ed 'Stewpot' Stewart took over from Crowther and became the host for eleven years, attracting over 17 million listeners. The style became less cosy and less reverent. As tastes changed, new favourites were added, though some of the old favourites remained for years. Additionally pop music records, as opposed to records specifically for children, were requested more frequently as the 1970s progressed. 
In 1980 Stewart was replaced as presenter by Tony Blackburn, but by this time the programme had come to be seen as somewhat old-fashioned. Blackburn despised the show and, when promoting it at the end of the previous week's Top 40 show, would often revert to a plummy 1950s type of voice such as he naturally spoke with before he became a DJ. (He had abandoned his original accent in favour of his familiar mid-Atlantic tones after being told by Radio Caroline that he sounded too "posh" ) The title "Junior Choice" was dropped in the early months of 1982, but similar programmes, now titled "Tony Blackburn's Saturday Show" and "Tony Blackburn's Sunday Show" continued until 23 September 1984, after which Blackburn left Radio 1, Peter Powell took over the weekend breakfast show, and the link with the "Uncle Mac" era was finally broken.

</doc>
<doc id="2886106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886106" title="Full-frame digital SLR">
Full-frame digital SLR

A full-frame digital SLR is a digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) fitted with an image sensor that is the same size as a 35 mm (36×24 mm) film frame.
This is in contrast to cameras with smaller sensors, typically of a size equivalent to APS-C-size film, much smaller than a full 35 mm frame. Currently, the majority of digital cameras, both compact and SLR models, use a smaller-than-35 mm frame, as it is easier and cheaper to manufacture imaging sensors at a smaller size. Historically, the earliest digital SLR models, such as the Nikon NASA F4 or Kodak DCS 100, also used a smaller sensor. Kodak states that 35mm film has the equivalent of 6K resolution according to a Senior Vice President of IMAX.
Use of 35 mm film-camera lenses.
If the lens mounts are compatible, many lenses, including manual-focus models, designed for 35 mm cameras can be mounted on the latest DSLR cameras. When a lens designed for a full-frame camera, whether film or digital, is mounted on a DSLR with a smaller sensor size, only the center of the lens's image circle is captured. The edges are cropped off, which is equivalent to zooming in on the center section of the imaging area. The ratio of the size of the full-frame 35 mm format to the size of the smaller format is known as the "crop factor" or "focal-length multiplier", and is typically in the range 1.3–2.0 for non-full-frame digital SLRs.
Advantages and disadvantages of full-frame digital SLRs.
35 mm lenses.
When used with lenses designed for full frame film or digital cameras full-frame DSLRs offer a number of advantages compared to their smaller-sensor counterparts. One advantage is that wide-angle lenses designed for full-frame 35 mm retain that same wide angle of view. On smaller-sensor DSLRs, wide-angle lenses have smaller angles of view equivalent to those of longer-focal-length lenses on 35 mm film cameras. For example, a 24 mm lens on a camera with a crop factor of 1.5 has a 62° diagonal angle of view, the same as that of a 36 mm lens on a 35 mm film camera. On a full-frame digital camera, the 24 mm lens has the same 84° angle of view as it would on a 35 mm film camera.
If the same lens is used on both full-frame and cropped formats, and the subject distance is adjusted to have the same "field" of view (i.e., the same framing of the subject) in each format, depth of field (DoF) is in inverse proportion to the format sizes, so for the same "f"-number, the full-frame format will have less DoF. Equivalently, for the same DoF, the full-frame format will require a larger "f"-number (that is, a smaller aperture diameter). This relationship is approximate and holds for moderate subject distances, breaking down as the distance with the smaller format approaches the hyperfocal distance, and as the magnification with the larger format approaches the macro range.
There are optical quality implications as well—not only because the image from the lens is effectively cropped—but because many lens designs are now optimized for sensors smaller than . The rear element of any SLR lens must have clearance for the camera's reflex mirror to move up when the shutter is released; with a wide-angle lens, this requires a retrofocus design, which is generally of inferior optical quality. Because a cropped-format sensor can have a smaller mirror, less clearance is needed, and some lenses, such as the EF-S lenses for the Canon APS-C sized bodies, are designed with a shorter back-focus distance; however, they cannot be used on bodies with larger sensors.
The full-frame sensor can also be useful with wide-angle perspective control or tilt/shift lenses; in particular, the wider angle of view is often more suitable for architectural photography.
While full-frame DSLRs offer advantages for wide-angle photography, smaller-sensor DSLRs offer some advantages for telephoto photography because the smaller angle of view of small-sensor DSLRs enhances the telephoto effect of the lenses. For example, a 200 mm lens on a camera with a crop factor of 1.5 has the same angle of view as a 300 mm lens on a full-frame camera. The extra "reach", for a given number of pixels, can be helpful in specific areas of photography such as wildlife or sports.
Lower size sensors also allow for the use of a wider range of lenses, since some types of optical impurities (specifically vignetting) are most visible around the edge of the lens. By only using the center of the lens, these impurities are not noticed. In practice, this allows for the use of lower cost glass without corresponding loss of quality.
Finally, full frame sensors allow for sensor designs that result in lower noise levels at high ISO and a greater dynamic range in captured images. Pixel density is lower on full frame sensors. This means the pixels can be either spaced further apart from each other, or each photodiode can be manufactured at a slightly larger size. Larger pixel sizes can capture more light which has the advantage of allowing more light to be captured before over saturation of the photodiode. Additionally, less noise is generated by adjacent pixels and their emf fields with larger photodiodes or greater spacing between photodiodes. For a given number of pixels, the larger sensor allows for larger pixels or photosites that provide wider dynamic range and lower noise at high ISO levels.
As a consequence, full-frame DSLRs may produce better quality images in certain high contrast or low light situations.
Production costs for a full-frame sensor can exceed twenty times the costs for an APS-C sensor. Only 20 full-frame sensors will fit on an silicon wafer, and yield is comparatively low because the sensor's large area makes it very vulnerable to contaminants—20 evenly distributed defects could theoretically ruin an entire wafer. Additionally, when full-frame sensors were first produced, they required three separate exposures during the photolithography stage, tripling the number of masks and exposure processes. Modern photolithography equipment now allows single-pass exposures for full-frame sensors, but other size-related production constraints remain much the same.
Some full-frame DSLRs intended mainly for professional use include more features than typical consumer-grade DSLRs, so some of their larger dimensions and increased mass result from more rugged construction and additional features as opposed to this being an inherent consequence of the full-frame sensor.
Other uses of "full-frame".
CCD image sensor architecture.
The term "full-frame" is also used to refer to a type of charge-coupled device sensor technology in which the sensor elements occupy the entire sensor surface rather than sharing space with associated pixel storage sites.
The use of full-frame CCDs is typically restricted to digital SLRs since they require the use of a mechanical shutter and do not output a continuous image. The two uses of the term "full-frame" are not otherwise related.
135 film cameras.
In 35 mm (135 film) cameras, the terms "full-frame" and "half-frame" were used to distinguish the 24 × 36 mm and 18 × 24 mm film formats; the "half-frame" 35 mm film format is also known as "single-frame" in movie film, and as a result, full-frame film cameras were sometimes known as "double-frame".
Past and present full-frame digital cameras.
DSLRs.
The Nikon E2/E2s (1994), E2N/E2NS (1996) and E3/E3S (1998) digital SLRs as well as the similar Fujifilm Fujix DS-505/DS-515, DS-505A/DS-515A and DS-560/DS-565 models used a reduction optical system (ROS) to compress a full-frame 35 mm field onto a smaller 2/3-inch (11 mm diagonal) CCD imager. They were therefore not digital SLRs with full-frame sensors, however had an angle of view equivalent to full-frame digital SLRs for a given lens; they had no crop factor with respect to angle of view.
Nikon has designated its full frame cameras as "FX" format and its smaller sensor cameras as the "DX" format.
Features of Full Frame DSLR.
! Camera !! Size !! Weight !! Megapixel count !! Autofocus !! FPS Burst Rate !! ISO Range !! File Type !! Wi-Fi Options !! Lens Mount

</doc>
<doc id="2886116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886116" title="AGM-136 Tacit Rainbow">
AGM-136 Tacit Rainbow

The AGM-136A "Tacit Rainbow" was a United States military anti-radiation missile program run from 1982 to 1991.
The requirement was for a low-cost air-launchable system to aid in the destruction of enemy air defense networks. The proposed unit would combine elements of cruise missiles and UAVs, it would be launched in large numbers by heavy bombers, fighters, or possibly mass ground launch systems. The missiles would fly in advance of manned aircraft up to 450 km (280 mi) to pre-programmed target zones and patrol there until enemy radar sources were detected which would then be destroyed. This extended patrol time on target ("loiter time") was the key feature of the new system, a "Persistent" Anti-radiation Missile (PARM) as opposed to a HARM.
The project was started by the DoD in 1982, but moved to the control of the USAF Aeronautical Systems Division in 1984 as a joint Navy/Air Force project. The majority of the system was designed and developed by Northrop with Texas Instruments providing the seek head and Boeing providing a system that allowed it to be launched from B-52 bombers. The first test air-launch was on July 30, 1984.
The unit was 8 ft 4 in (2.54 m) long and 5 ft 2 in (1.575 m) in span with a body diameter of 27 in (686 mm), flight and control surfaces deployed after launch. It massed around 431 lb (195 kg) including the 40 lb (18 kg) warhead. Power was provided by a Williams F121 turbofan, producing 310 N (70 lbf) of thrust from the 0.9 m, 22 kg unit. Some sources state that production units would have used a 1,200 N (270 lbf) variant of the Williams International WR-24. Achieved speed and range are uncertain, low subsonic speed is probable and all sources indicate a range much lower than the hoped-for 450 km (280 mi). Each unit was to cost around $200,000, up to thirty would have been loaded in a single B-52.
The Naval Research Advisory Committee reported in 1989 that the project was not progressing well. In 1991 a DoD audit found numerous management problems. The program was canceled in 1991 (FY 1992), without any production units and at a total cost of around $4 billion. It was only the second post-Vietnam military project to be canceled after completing testing but before production.
Survivors.
Below is a list of museums which have a "Tacit Rainbow" in their collection:

</doc>
<doc id="2886122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886122" title="Tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride">
Tetra-n-butylammonium fluoride

Tetra-"n"-butylammonium fluoride or TBAF is a quaternary ammonium salt with the chemical formula (CH3CH2CH2CH2)4N+F-. It is commercially available as the trihydrate and as a solution in tetrahydrofuran.
In the laboratory the compound is usually encountered in the latter form as a source of organic-soluble fluoride ion to remove silyl ether protecting groups. It is also used as a phase transfer catalyst and as a mild base. Upon heating it may N-alkylate amides.
As fluoride is such a strong hydrogen bond acceptor it is near impossible to dry hydrated samples. Heating to 77 °C under vacuum causes decomposition to the hydrogen difluoride salt, and samples dried at 40 °C under high vacuum still contain 10-30 mol% of water and some 10% of difluoride. Preparing anhydrous samples is of interest as the basicity of fluoride increases by more than 20 p"K" units on passing from aqueous to aprotic solvent. Recently, a preparation of anhydrous tetra-"n"-butylammonium fluoride from hexafluorobenzene and tetrabutylammonium cyanide has been reported. Despite the considerable basicity of "naked" fluoride ion, in the absence of water, solutions of the salt in acetonitrile and dimethyl sulfoxide are surprisingly stable towards elimination.

</doc>
<doc id="2886124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886124" title="MacMach">
MacMach

MacMach is a computer operating system from the early 1990s. Architecturally, it consisted of 4.3BSD code running on the Mach microkernel, with the Macintosh System 7 running experimentally as a Mach task. The entire system ran on Macs based on the Motorola 68k family of microprocessors.

</doc>
<doc id="2886138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886138" title="Maximum Priest E.P.">
Maximum Priest E.P.

Maximum Priest E.P. is a 1999 EP by Squarepusher, released on Warp Records. It features remixes by Autechre and Luke Vibert.

</doc>
<doc id="2886140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886140" title="Jack Butterworth, Baron Butterworth">
Jack Butterworth, Baron Butterworth

John Blackstocke Butterworth, CBE, DL (13 March 1918 – 19 June 2003) was a British lawyer and the first Vice-Chancellor of the University of Warwick.
Jack, as he liked to be called, was graduated in jurisprudence from Oxford University. On the eve of the Second World War he enlisted in the Royal Artillery and spent much of the war in Scotland, protecting strategic targets from air attack. 
Background and family.
He qualified in 1946 as a barrister at Lincoln’s Inn, and then became a law tutor at New College, Oxford. He had a reputation as an outstanding teacher and he was made an Honorary Bencher of Lincoln’s Inn in 1953. He was quick-witted and shrewd, which accounts for his appointment as bursar of New College for the last seven years of his time at Oxford.
Butterworth married his wife Doris in 1948 and they had one son and two daughters, including Anna Walker, who became a senior civil servant of some distinction.
University of Warwick.
In 1963, he became the first Vice-Chancellor of the University of Warwick. Warwick was one of the handful of new universities created in the wake of the Robbins Report (1962). One of his colleagues at the time described him as “a noisy” vice chancellor.
Butterworth believed strongly that his job was to select professors who would be leaders in their discipline and that he should stand aside and let them develop their subjects in their own way (though within a tight budget). Because he had worked only at Oxford, he wanted Oxford’s standards of academic performance at the undergraduate level and in research. He had a belief that Warwick must maintain a balance between ‘pure’ and ‘applied’ disciplines: you could justify a strong commitment to the Humanities if you had a Business School, a very pure Maths Department if you had Engineering.
A large part of Warwick’s success stems from Butterworth’s cultivation of links with the rich industrial enterprises of the Midlands. One of his first creations was an industrial centre, intended as a stimulus of advanced engineering in the region. Similarly, he cultivated (and earned) municipal goodwill. 
He also built the Warwick Arts Centre. His link with Miss Martin, the famous ‘Anonymous Benefactor’, represented the crucial launching pad for the project, but funds came from many sources including a contribution for the third and final phase from the about to be abolished West Midlands County Council whose gift was steered through by a Coventry Councillor. It was somehow typical that Butterworth, whose politics could not have been more different, could persuade a left wing politician that such a project deserved support. He traded on the sympathies of his friends on grantmaking committees for consideration of Warwick and held forth without giving quarter to ministers he happened to bump into in corridors.
Butterworth's period as vice chancellor was not without controversy, particularly regarding his opposition to the establishment of a Students' union. Above the main bar of the Students Union building at Warwick University there is an inscription quoting him as saying "The Students' union shall never have its own building". His period of office included the student protests beginning in the late 1960s. During one event the vice chancellor’s office was occupied and files rummaged through. These protests were supported by the social historian, the late Professor Edward Thompson, one of Butterworth's own appointments. 
Other activities.
His other passions were the Association of Commonwealth Universities, a post-imperial organisation devoted to providing assistance to anglophone universities in developing countries, of which he was chairman for ten years; and the Foundation for Science and Technology, of which he became chairman in 1990, subsequently holding the position of president until his death.
Peerage.
He was appointed to the House of Lords as a life peer on retirement from the University in 1985. His title was Baron Butterworth, of Warwick in the County of Warwickshire, and he took the Conservative whip. 

</doc>
<doc id="2886145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886145" title="Margarine Reference">
Margarine Reference

Reference re Validity of Section 5(a) of the Dairy Industry Act (1949), also known as the Margarine Reference or as Can. Federation of Agriculture v. A.-G. Que., is a leading ruling of the Supreme Court of Canada, upheld on appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, on determining if a law is within the authority of the Parliament of Canada's powers relating to criminal law. In this particular case, the Court found that a regulation made by Parliament was "ultra vires". It contained sufficient punitive sanctions; however, the subject matter was not the kind that served a public purpose.
The case was decided by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on appeal from the Supreme Court of Canada, as the cause for appeal arose before the abolition of such appeals in 1949. The decision by Rand J was upheld in 1951, and the case has been cited in federalism disputes many times since.
Background.
Under Section 91(27) of the Constitution Act, 1867, Parliament receives exclusive powers to legislate in regard to the criminal law. The precise meaning of the criminal law power, however, had proved controversial. In the "Board of Commerce case", the JCPC seemingly chose to define criminal law power as limited to prohibiting only what was criminal in 1867 (the year of Canadian Confederation). This was overturned in "Proprietary Articles Trade Assn. v. A.-G. Can." (1931), in which it was found criminal law means Parliament could legitimately prohibit any act "with penal consequences." The problem with the latter decision was that it gave Parliament an excuse to legislate in regard to many matters.
The matter came before the courts again with the "Margarine Reference", where the following reference question was posed to the Supreme Court of Canada:
In this case, Parliament had legislated against the production and trade of margarine, in order to give dairy businesses assurances that margarine would not threaten their existence. This legislation actually dated back to 1886, and it was claimed in the law that the real purpose was to target a product that was "injurious to health." While this, if true, would have made margarine a fair target for criminal law, the federal government admitted before the courts that this assessment was simply false.
At the Supreme Court of Canada.
The Court ruled that:
Rand J, in his concurring opinion for the majority, struck down the prohibition on production of margarine on the grounds that it was not valid criminal law. The prohibition on importation of margarine, however, was upheld under the federal Trade and Commerce power. He outlined a test to determine if a law fell under the criminal law:
From this, two requirements must be met for a law to be criminal in nature:
Rand also listed a few objectives that would qualify as legitimate public purposes, namely "Public peace, order, security, health, morality."
The ruling was appealed to the Privy Council, on the grounds that the legislation was valid under:
At the Privy Council.
The SCC ruling was upheld by the Board, which responded to the points appealed thus:

</doc>
<doc id="2886153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886153" title="Ballet (disambiguation)">
Ballet (disambiguation)

Ballet is a formalized kind of performance dance. Other uses include:
Places:

</doc>
<doc id="2886155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886155" title="Puppy face">
Puppy face

A puppy face or a puppy dog face is a facial expression that humans make that is based on canine expressions. In dogs and other animals, the look is expressed when the head is tilted down and the eyes are looking up. Usually, the animal looks like it is about to cry. This gesture is sometimes performed by children in order to persuade their parents to do something special for them. Humans often open their eyes a little wide, pinch and/or raise the eyebrows, and stuck the bottom lip out, while tilting their entire head a little downward and looking upwards at the person to whom they have aimed the gesture. Often, the head is also tilted a little sideways.
Essentially, it is a lighthearted expression for begging or an attempt to persuade someone.
Verbal approximations include: "Aw, come on!", "Please?", and "But why not?", among others.

</doc>
<doc id="2886158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886158" title="Hand warmer">
Hand warmer

Hand warmers are small (mostly disposable) packets which are held in the hand and produce heat on demand to warm cold hands. They are commonly used in outdoor activities such as hiking and skiing to keep extremities warm and assist insulated clothing. Other types of warmers are available to provide soothing heat for muscular or joint aches.
Depending on the type and the source of heat, hand warmers can last between 30 minutes (recrystallisation) to 24 hours (platinum catalyst).
Types.
Air activated (iron).
Air activated hand warmers contain cellulose, iron, water, activated carbon (evenly distributes heat), vermiculite (water reservoir) and salt (catalyst) and produce heat from the exothermic oxidation of iron when exposed to air. They typically emit heat for 1 to 10 hours.
Supersaturated solution (crystallisation-type).
Crystallisation types of hand warmer generate heat through the exothermic crystallisation of supersaturated solutions (typically sodium acetate) and are usually reusable. These can be recharged by immersing the hand-warmer in very hot water until the contents are uniformly fluid and then allowing it to cool. The release of heat is triggered by flexing a small metal disk in the pad, which generates nucleation centers that initiate crystallisation. Heat is required to dissolve the salt in its own water of crystallisation and it is this heat that is released when crystallisation is initiated. (More can be found here.)
This type typically has a shorter heat duration of 20 minutes to 2 hours.
Lighter fuel.
Lighter fuel hand-warmers use lighter fluid (petroleum naptha) which reacts with a platinum catalyst to release heat by oxidation reactions. These can be re-used by simply refuelling.
These were developed by HAKKIN WARMERS Co.,LTD. of Japan. Sales started in 1923. 
Trademarked "PEACOCK", they were exported to the United States starting in the 1950s, and are sold by Zippo on an OEM basis.
Battery.
Battery operated hand warmers use electrically resistive heating devices to convert electrical energy in the battery to thermal energy using disposable or re-chargeable batteries. Typically they can last up to 6 hours, with heat outputs from 40-48C. The Rechargeable Electronic Handwarmers can be charged from a mains power supply or from a 5V USB power supply, with 500 recharge cycles indicated.
Charcoal.
Charcoal hand-warmers provide heat through the burning of charcoal in a special case. These can last up to 6 hours and become comfortably hot. The cases for these usually have felt on the outside and have materials inside that do not burn, but spread the heat evenly such as metal. To activate, one or both ends of a stick of charcoal are lit and then quickly extinguished to create a hot ember. The smouldering stick is then placed inside the case and the case is tightly shut. The charcoal sticks are available from most outdoor activity shops and are fairly inexpensive.

</doc>
<doc id="2886160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886160" title="Eadberht of Northumbria">
Eadberht of Northumbria

Eadberht (died 20 August 768) was king of Northumbria from 737 or 738 to 758. He was the brother of Ecgbert, Archbishop of York. His reign is seen as a return to the imperial ambitions of seventh-century Northumbria and may represent a period of economic prosperity. He faced internal opposition from rival dynasties and at least two actual or potential rivals were killed during his reign. In 758 he abdicated in favour of his son Oswulf and became a monk at York.
Origins.
Eadberht became ruler of Northumbria following the second abdication of his cousin Ceolwulf, who entered the monastery at Lindisfarne. Unlike Ceolwulf's first abdication, which clearly involved force, his second, in favour of Eadberht, may have been voluntary.
The genealogy in the "Historia Brittonum" makes Eadberht son of Eata a descendant of Ida of Bernicia through a son of Ida named Ocg. The branch of the family to which Eadberht belonged is called the Leodwaldings, after his and Ceolwulf's grandfather Leodwald son of Ecgwulf. The genealogy gives his father Eata the cognomen "Glin Mawr".
Northumbria.
Eadberht appears to have faced opposition from rival families throughout his reign. Eardwine, probably the son of King Eadwulf, and grandfather of the future king Eardwulf, was killed in 740. In 750 Offa, son of King Aldfrith was taken from the sanctuary of Lindisfarne and put to death after a siege, while Bishop Cynewulf of Lindisfarne, who had presumably supported Offa, was dethroned and detained in York. The importance of religious foundations in Northumbrian politic struggles and family feuds is apparent. Eardwine's family is associated with Ripon, Offa and Ceolwulf with Lindisfarne, and Hexham appears to have supported kings and noblemen opposed by the Lindisfarne community. Eadberht, however, as brother of the Archbishop of York, enjoyed the support of the greatest Northumbrian prelate.
Eadberht's reign saw major reforms to the Northumbrian coinage, and some coins name King Eadberht and Archbishop Ecgberht. Kirby concludes that "the indications are that Eadberht was bringing new prosperity to his kingdom." A letter sent by Pope Paul I to Eadberht and Ecgberht, ordering them to return lands taken from Abbot Fothred, and given to his brother Moll, presumed to be the same person as the later king Æthelwald Moll, suggests that Eadberht's reign saw attempts at reclaiming some of the vast lands which had been gifted to the church in earlier reigns.
Neighbours.
Kirby suggests that "a revival of seventh-century northern imperial ambitions had evidently occurred among the Northumbrians at the court of Eadberht".
The first record of Eadberht's efforts to recreate this dominion appear in 740, the year of Earnwine's death. A war between the Picts and the Northumbrians is reported, during which Æthelbald, King of Mercia, took advantage of the absence of Eadberht to ravage his lands The reason for the war is unclear, but Woolf suggests that it was related to the killing of Earnwine. Earnwine's father had been an exile in the north after his defeat in the civil war of 705–706, and it may be that the Pictish king Óengus, or Æthelbald, or both, had tried to place him on the Northumbrian throne.
In 750, Eadberht conquered the plain of Kyle and in 756, he campaigned alongside King Óengus against the Britons of Alt Clut. The campaign is reported as follows: 
That Ouania is Govan is now reasonably certain, but the location of Newanbirig is less so. Although there are many Newburghs, it is Newburgh-on-Tyne near Hexham that has been the preferred location. An alternative interpretation of the events of 756 has been advanced: it identifies Newanbirig with Newborough by Lichfield in the kingdom of Mercia. A defeat here for Eadberht and Óengus by Æthelbald's Mercians would correspond with the claim in the Saint Andrews foundation legends that a king named Óengus son of Fergus founded the church there as a thanksgiving to Saint Andrew for saving him after a defeat in Mercia.
Abdication.
Eadberht abdicated in 758, entering the monastery attached to the cathedral of York. His death there in 768 is recorded in Symeon of Durham's chronicle. Symeon's "History of the Church of Durham" records that Eadberht was buried in the porch of the cathedral, alongside his brother Ecgberht, who had died in 766.
His son Oswulf succeeded him, but was murdered within the year. However, his daughter Osgifu's husband Alhred became king, and Eadberht's descendants, such as Oswulf's son Ælfwald and Osgifu's son Osred contested for the Northumbrian throne until the end of the century. Eadberht's last known descendant is Osgifu's son Saint Alhmund, murdered in 800 on the orders of King Eardwulf, and reputed a martyr.

</doc>
<doc id="2886162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886162" title="Peter Pan's Flight">
Peter Pan's Flight

Peter Pan's Flight is a suspended dark ride at the Disneyland, Magic Kingdom, Tokyo Disneyland and Disneyland Park (Paris) theme parks. Located in Fantasyland, it is one of the few remaining attractions that was operational on Disneyland's opening day in 1955. The ride's story, music, staging and artwork are based on Walt Disney's "Peter Pan", the animated film version of the classic Peter Pan story by J. M. Barrie.
History.
The original intent of the attraction was for guests to fly through the ride as if they were Peter Pan. Audiences did not quite grasp this concept and were left wondering why Peter Pan was not in the Peter Pan attraction. The Walt Disney World version of the ride, which opened in 1971, expanded on the original Disneyland attraction. While the overall theme and format of the ride was consistent with the original in California, the Magic Kingdom ride, as with the other dark rides, would feature its characters in Audio-Animatronic style.
In 1983, Disneyland's Fantasyland was in a phase of major overhaul. Some of Fantasyland's rides were relocated to make way for expanded versions of existing dark rides, as well as the addition of a new one. The posh redo of Fantasyland now resembled a rustic European village in the Alps, rather than a medieval fair. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride and Snow White's Scary Adventures moved their respective loading areas and partial murals indoors. Peter Pan's Flight continued to feature a colorful mural which depicted the characters from the film. During this renovation, the original Pirate Ship Restaurant and Skull Rock were removed and closed permanently. The riggings, lanterns, and other props from the restaurant were added to Peter Pan's Flight. An Audio-Animatronic Peter Pan was added to the ride.
Attraction.
Disneyland.
Original version (1955 - 1982).
The original ride featured the ride vehicles flying through scenes of the nursery, over London, onward to Neverland, and finally through Skull Rock, where riders saw Captain Hook, Mr. Smee, Princess Tiger Lily and the Crocodile before unloading. The exterior of the attraction had a medieval design and the queue was outside.
Expanded version (1983 - present).
Departing from the station, but before entering the actual ride building, guests fly over the rooftops of London. The new version of the ride includes Audio-Animatronic versions of the characters, like at the Magic Kingdom in Florida. As part of the new remodel, scenes from the Florida ride were added to Disneyland, including the pirate ship deck where Peter and Hook duel on the tip of the ship's bowsprit (at the Magic Kingdom Peter and Hook duel on the ship's mainsail). Few scenes are identical between the two versions, but they are very similar nonetheless.
The new Disneyland ride opened as part of New Fantasyland on May 25, 1983. After winding through the queue, guests board a three-passenger miniature galleon, which is suspended from a track on the ceiling above to enhance the sensation of flying through the air. The ship leaves the load area and winds through the Darlings' nursery, passing Nana the Nursemaid next to some toy blocks which spell "D1SN3Y" when read backwards. Wendy, Michael and John Darling are on the bed and Peter Pan's shadow is on the wall.
Guests hear Peter Pan saying, "Come on, everybody! Here we go!" At this point, the ship flies out the nursery window and over moonlit London. Lights twinkle all around. Below guests are miniature versions of some of London's famous landmarks, including St. Paul's Cathedral, Big Ben, the Tower Bridge and the River Thames.
Then, going past "the second star to the right and straight on 'til morning," the flying ships reach Neverland, where guests pass some of its landmarks, including the Indian village, a glowing volcano, Mermaid Lagoon and Skull Rock. It is here that guests encounter some of Neverland's most famous residents, including Princess Tiger Lily, Mr. Smee, Tick-Tock the Crocodile and Peter's arch rival, Captain Hook, in addition to Peter and the Darlings.
Magic Kingdom.
The load/unload area features Omnimover-style moving ramps, like those found at the Haunted Mansion, to allow for a smoother flow of traffic. The scenes in the ride are on a larger scale and feature Audio-Animatronic figures. Upon entering the very beginning of the nursery, a play tea party featuring two famous toys, Raggedy Ann and Andy, can be seen. The Lost Boys camp and Mermaid Lagoon are now a part of the Never Land scene. Also, Hook's 48-foot pirate ship is included, complete with deck, masts, sails and rigging. Guests see Hook and Peter engaged in hand-to-hand combat on the mainsail, while the boys are lashed to the mast and Wendy is about to walk the plank. Then, guests see Peter and the Darlings posed victoriously on the ship, poised to sail into the sky, back to London.
Disney's Fastpass is also available.
This version is slated to get a new interactive queue in the near future, with the current washrooms to be removed.
Disneyland Park (Paris).
Peter Pan's Flight at Disneyland Park in Disneyland Paris is nearly identical to the expanded Disneyland version, but is 3 minutes long, while the other versions are about 2:30 minutes long. It also has the largest capacity per boat, with at least four guests riding compared to 2 or 3.

</doc>
<doc id="2886163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886163" title="Longana">
Longana

Longana is a village located on the eastern part of Ambae island in Penama Province, Vanuatu.
It covers land area of approximately .
Saratamata.
It is on this part of the island where the headquarters of Penama province called "Saratamata" is located. A proposed plan has been put forward by the provincial Government to develop this area into a town.
Transportation.
The village is served by Longana Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="2886181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886181" title="James Haydon">
James Haydon

James Richard Barnaby Haydon (born 2 November 1973 in Amersham, Buckinghamshire), is a British former motorcycle racer. He raced in 250cc and 500cc Grand Prix, MotoGP, British Superbike and the World Superbike Championship. He retired in 2008. 
He presents shows for ITV and British Eurosport. He also commentates for Eurosport on the World Superbike Championship and British Superbike Championship coverage, and he covers some Moto GP races when the regular commentators are unavailable. He has worked for the BBC, Sky Sports, Motors TV, Al Jazeera and Radio 5 live and is seen as a rising talent within the media side of the sport. He is also the guest test rider for Britain's biggest motorcycle monthly - Bike Magazine.
Biography.
James got his passion for speed through his father David, a Doctor who loved fast cars and motorcycles. He bought James his first motorcycle aged eight which he would ride in his parents garden. He quickly moved into Motorcross and worked his way up into the top 40 in Britain in Schoolboy Motorcross. But instead of pursuing a career in that sport he swapped to road racing at 16 in 1990. He finished 2nd in the British 125 Ministock Championship in his first year. Also starting in Ministocks that season was Neil Hodgeson who immediately became (and still is) a great friend of James'). James then moved straight into The British 125cc Championship in 1991 (grabbing a pole position, some top 10 finishes and also winning the EMRA 125cc Championship). He was then spotted by the famous Ron Haslam and picked up to ride for Team Great Britain in 1992. He raced a Yamaha TZ250 and won his first British Championship race at Silverstone that same year. The next season in 1993 he just missed out on winning the British 250cc Championship (which he had dominated) after the camera he was carrying for TV came loose and jammed his back wheel in the final race causing him to crash. The same season at 19 (having already won 4 British Championship 250cc races) he competed in the 1993 British 500cc Grand Prix, finishing 11th to become the youngest ever British points-scorer in a top-division World Championship race. He managed to finish well ahead of his mentor, the legendary Ron Haslam adding more prestige to his great performance. In 1994 he won his first British Superbike Championship race along with two more national 250cc victories that year. 
For 1995 he then jumped straight into the top level 500cc world championship as a privateer (1995 for Harris and 1996 for WCM). He took some stunning top 10 results and impressed many with his speed on an privateer bike. He had offers to stay in G.P.'s but he decided to move to the WSBK in 1997. But this was with GIACO MOTO, a poorly run Team who struggled with finance and an old motorcycle. James quit after the bike broke down 14 times. His best result was a 9th placed finish. 
After three years in the World Championship for 1998 he returned home to the ultra competitive British Superbike championship. He surprised many with a podium in his first race before going on to have many years of success. He quickly became a crowd and sponsor favourite with his exciting all action style, never give up attitude and screen presence. He raced for Team Suzuki, Team Red Bull Ducati, Team Yamaha and Team Kawasaki. Never the luckiest rider many felt one of his best chances for the Championship came in 2000 for Ducati. Whilst leading the Championship a terrible mid season car accident (in which he was a passenger) damaged his neck and nerves badly. This caused him serious problems when racing and training and ruined his season. He twice finished 4th in the standings and was always one of the fastest riders, with multiple lap records and fastest laps throughout his BSB career. He won a total of 12 British Superbike Championship races and had over 30 podiums in the series. 
In 2002 he joined Carl Fogarty's Foggy Petronas in the WSBK, developing the new bike for the first year. It proved unreliable with multiple blow ups, a lack of parts supply and other problems dogging it throughout the year. James had to leap from the motorcycle twice when it blew up and engulfed him in flames and fuel. One of the lowest points came when the gearbox locked up in Germany and caused a horrific accident (putting him out for the middle of the season). His high point was a best result of 7th in the world in Japan. 
In 2004 he nearly retired after the mentally and physically draining previous season and started it without a ride. But his pedigree could not be ignored and he was soon called up to stand in at Virgin Mobile Yamaha in the British Superbike series. He immediately turned the Teams season around taking the bikes and Teams only win of the year and also putting it on the podium. Despite missing many rounds he beat all the other riders in the team and finished top Yamaha in Britain. It was also the only season in his career that he never crashed, not even in practice. At the end of the season he also raced in the last few MotoGP's ( World Championship) for Kenny Roberts Proton team. His best result an impressive 12th place in Qatar.
2004 had been such a good season that he signed a prestigious two year deal for Airwaves Ducati (one of the top teams in Britain). He should have spent 2005 and 2006 on an Airwaves Ducati but an unlucky pre-season testing injury at Albacete saw Gregorio Lavilla take over his ride and then keeping it after a promising start (and eventually winning the championship on it). With no ride he became 'Super Sub' once again, filling in for various teams throughout 2005. Eventually ending up at Team Suzuki (after John Reynolds was injured). He immediately beat his new team mate (Scott Smart) and when the injured John Reynolds returned, the Team kept Haydon not Smart and he rewarded them with some strong results including a podium.
This was good enough for an offer to stay with the Team for 2006 alongside 2003 champion Shane Byrne. After a strong start at Oulton Park on identical bikes, James was made to run a different development bike to Byrne with a changed weight balance. He disliked the new bike immediately and blamed his sudden poor form and crashes on the change of machine. But with his ally the experienced Paul Denning (ex- Suzuki Team Manager) off in MotoGP and a new Team manager who had never worked in motorsport before, James struggled. After a heavy crash at Mallory he missed round 6 through injury then returned at Snetterton for Round 7. In race 2 a serious brake problem at the end of the Revvit straight caused him to run off the track at high speed. Unable to slow properly he shot across the track and collided with Dean Thomas. This caused an unfortunate crash which left Thomas and Haydon injured. Both riders soon recovered although only Haydon returned to race that season. Afterwards the incident was reviewed by an RAC panel and Haydon was cleared of all responsibility when the data logging proved the problem had been completely outside his control.
For 2007 he returned to Virgin Yamaha alongside Tommy Hill in a Team he had excelled with in the past. But he parted company with the team stating that he had "lost confidence in the development Pirelli tyres they were forced to run and that showed in (his) riding. Lacking extra funds the Team said that there was no possibility of a testing programme to help (him) rebuild that confidence so it seemed impossible to continue". N.B. Virgin Yamaha were the only team in Britain to run the then new Pirelli tyres that year against the established and mighty Michelin and Dunlop. Later that year he signed as 'Super Sub' for Hawk Kawasaki and in his first race with them he beat his team mate and finished top Kawasaki. He continued that form for most of the season.
For 2008 Hawk Kawasaki offered Haydon a season contract. However two weeks before the start of the race season they were forced to pull out when one of their main sponsors withdrew. So he was once again without a ride. 
But he was quickly contacted by Eurosport and decided he would leave racing and go and work for them instead. He has never raced at the top level since. 
Says James "After a long career my time had come to retire from racing bikes. It was a difficult choice for sure as there is never a 'right' time as such. You normally find riders only retire after really bad injuries and I've been very fortunate to avoid those. Amazing really and I'm thankful for that. Especially as I have been racing bikes most weekends for 25 years now. From a small kid on a dirt field all the way to the best circuits in the world in front of millions of people. I've had an amazing time too! I've travelled the world and spanned some really cool era's in bikes. From 165 Bhp 500cc V4 2 Strokes to 240 Bhp 1000cc 4 strokes. I've raced them all. From the likes of Schwantz, Doohan, Criville, Cadalora up to Bayliss, Biaggi and Rossi. Wish I had beaten a few more of them mind you! But seriously, I feel blessed to have done something I really loved and been paid well for it. Thank you everyone! Now however, it's time for the next chapter of my life. I can't wait for the challenge!"
James now presents for British Eurosport, mainly on the British Superbike Championship. He is also a regular studio guest on the live World Superbike Championship rounds. For the first time in 3 years James got back on a modern bike at the 2010 British Superbike Championship round at Brands Hatch, James joined the select few and rode some fast demo laps on the 2010 Rizla Suzuki Moto GP bike. bike.
Personal life.
James' parents David and Beverley are both retired and live close by. His Dad still owns and rides many motorcycles. James also has three sisters Annabel, Susannah and Charlotte. Two of whom live abroard with their families in Switzerland and France. James is married to air hostess Jo, the couple lived in Andorra for many years. The couple have a son called Zac and a daughter called Maya, and now reside back in England close to their families. James also has a very famous Auntie. The fashion designer Zandra Rhodes (his mothers sister).
Former BSB and WSB Champion Neil Hodgson said of James "For sure he was one of the fastest riders I've ever seen who never managed to win a British or World Championship. But he has his head screwed on and a good view of life, so I am sure he will succeed in what ever he chooses to do now. Go get 'em James".

</doc>
<doc id="2886190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886190" title="Charlotte Bonaparte">
Charlotte Bonaparte

Charlotte Napoléone Bonaparte (31 October 1802 – 2 March 1839) was the daughter of Joseph Bonaparte, the older brother of Emperor Napoleon I, and Julie Clary. Her mother was the sister of Désirée Clary, Napoleon's first love. Charlotte married her first cousin Napoleon Louis, the second son of Louis Bonaparte and Hortense de Beauharnais. She studied engraving and lithography in Paris with the artist Louis Léopold Robert, who is reputed to have fallen in love with her.
Biography.
After her father was deposed in 1813 he moved to America and purchased "Point Breeze", an estate on the Delaware River near Bordentown, New Jersey. Bonaparte’s palatial house was filled with paintings and sculpture by such luminaries as Jacques-Louis David, Antonio Canova, Peter Paul Rubens, and Titian (Tiziano Vecelli). The surrounding park of included landscaped gardens. Joseph Bonaparte played host to many of the national’s wealthiest and most cultivated citizens, and his art collection played a crucial role in transmitting high European taste to America.
Charlotte, known as the Countess de Survilliers, lived with her father in New Jersey from December 1821 to August 1824. While there she sketched numerous landscapes including Passaic Falls, her father's "Point Breeze" estate, the town of Lebanon, New Jersey, and others, some of which were engraved for the book "Picturesque American Scenes" by Joubert. Extant landscape drawings by her include Passaic Falls, a view near Tuckerton, New Jersey, and Schooley's Mountain. She also painted portraits (Cora Monges, 1822; Emilie Lacoste, 1823) and exhibited her work at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.
Charlotte, her sister Zénaide (1801–1854), and their mother were painted by the French artist François Gérard, while their mother was Queen of Spain. Another French artist, the well-known Jacques-Louis David, painted a portrait of the two sisters; it shows them reading a letter from Philadelphia sent by their father.
Death.
Charlotte reportedly died in childbirth, aged 36.
Her tomb is in the Basilica of Santa Croce, Florence, Italy, and it says (paraphrased): Born Oct. 31, 1802, died 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="2886194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886194" title="Praise (band)">
Praise (band)

Praise, formed in 1991 in London, England, were a new-age music group, comprising Geoff MacCormack, Simon Goldenberg and Miriam Stockley. The group was considered to be foundational in the genre of Ethnic Electronica.
Praise released one self-titled album in 1991, produced, engineered and mixed by Richard James Burgess. "Praise" combined European dance beats with a variety of traditional world samples and styles along with Miriam Stockley's vocals, in a manner that was continued by artists such as Enigma, Deep Forest and Adiemus (which also featured Stockley's vocals). The tracks segue using soundscape elements, and the album was one of the few ever to be mixed using Qsound which provided virtual surround sound out of a pair of stereo speakers. MacCormack and Goldenberg arranged and performed many of the instrumental parts, the latter providing the necessary computer programming. Stockley arranged and performed the lead and many backing vocals. All three have writing credits for "Praise", and were supplemented by other specialised world performers.
"Only You", the second track from "Praise", was used for a commercial for the Fiat Tempra. It was subsequently remixed by producers Andreas Georgiou (cousin of George Michael) and Peter Lorrimer, and went on to become a hit single, peaking at #4 in the UK Singles Chart, and featured in new-age compilation albums. Stockley's vocals for this track were sampled extensively in the 2000 dance track, "Fiji", by Atlantis, which peaked at #52 in the UK chart. In the same year, they released the single "Dream On".
Praise disbanded some time after "Praise" was released; Stockley went on to performing lead vocals in Karl Jenkins's "Adiemus" albums.

</doc>
<doc id="2886200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886200" title="Hate week">
Hate week

Hate Week is an event in George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four", designed to increase the hatred for the current enemy of the Party, as much as possible, whichever of the two opposing superstates that may be.
Plot summary.
During one particular Hate Week, Oceania switched allies while a public speaker is in the middle of a sentence, though the disruption was minimal: the posters against the previous enemy were deemed to be "sabotage" of Hate Week conducted by Emmanuel Goldstein and his supporters, summarily torn down by the crowd, and quickly replaced with propaganda against the new enemy, thus demonstrating the ease with which the Party directs the hatred of its members. This ease of direction could also be partially attributed to the similarity in the terms "Eastasia" and "Eurasia" because they are more easily confused. All members of Oceania must show appropriate enthusiasm during Hate Week as well as the Two Minutes Hate, ensuring that they are very against the opposing party and still very much allied with Big Brother.
Hate Week is celebrated in late summer. The events during that time include waxwork displays, military parades, speeches and lectures. New slogans are also coined and new songs are written. The theme of the Hate Week is called the Hate Song. It is mentioned that a unit from the Fiction Department was assigned to make atrocity pamphlets (falsified reports of atrocities committed by Oceania's enemies against her) designed to stimulate Oceania's populace further into enraged frenzy against all enemies. The aggregate effect of Hate Week thus is to excite the populace to such a point that they "would unquestionably have torn enemy soldiers to pieces" if given the opportunity.
Hate Week is introduced to the reader for the first time in the second paragraph of the first page of "Nineteen Eighty-Four"; however, at this point in time, readers have no idea what Hate Week is. "It was part of the economy drive in preparation for Hate Week."
Cultural impact.
"Hate week" has been adopted by theorists and pundits as a comparator for real life efforts to demonize an enemy of the state. Soviet Literary theorist John Rodden notes that "Hate Week" depicted by George Orwell's 1984 novel anticipates some of the anti-American events in the Soviet Union that followed. Scott Boulding argues similarities between the dystopian hate week and Stalinist efforts to supplant religion with devotional services to the state. Other theorists have compared American moments of anti-Soviet sentiment to Orwell's "Hate Week", as well as other cold war campaigns against puppet states.

</doc>
<doc id="2886205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2886205" title="Feder (fencing)">
Feder (fencing)

The Feder (plural "Federn"; also "Fechtfeder", plural "Fechtfedern"), is a type of training sword used in "Fechtschulen" (fencing competitions) of the German Renaissance.
The type has existed since at least the 15th century, but it came to be widely used as a standard training weapon only in the 16th century (when longsword fencing had ceased to have a serious aspect of duelling, as duels were now fought with the rapier), 
shown extensively in the fighting manuals of the time, particularly those of Paulus Hector Mair and Joachim Meyer, and it remained in use in such "Fechtschulen" well into the 17th, and in some cases for much of the 18th century.
The origin of the term "Feder" for these swords is uncertain. The German word "Feder" means "feather" or "quill", but came to be used of metal springs in the 17th century (i.e. at about the same time as the name of the sparring weapon and possibly influenced by it). The term "Fechtfeder" itself seems to be connected to the name of the Federfechter, i.e. "feather fencers", a guild or brotherhood of fencers formed in 1570 in Prague. It is possible that the term "Feder" for the sparring sword arose in the late 16th century at first as a term of derision of the practice weapon used by the "Federfechter" (who were so called for unrelated reasons, because of a feather or quill used as their heraldic emblem) by their rivals, the Marx Brothers, who would tease the "Federfechter" as "fencing with quills" as opposed to with real weapons, or as scholars or academics supposedly better at "fighting with the quill" than at real fighting (reflecting the different professional backgrounds of the rival fencing guilds). Johann Fischart in his "Gargantua" (1575) already compares the fencing weapon to a "quill" writing in blood.
The recharacterized term "Federschwert" is modern.
The sword consists of a very thin, rounded blade with a large ricasso and a heavy hilt and pommel. Because of this, it has the same weight and center of balance as a real sword, and handles identically. This odd construction also has the effect of moving the sword's center of percussion to a theoretical point beyond its tip. The tip of a "Federschwert" is spatulated and may have been covered with a leather sleeve to make thrusting safer, though no direct historical evidence exists of such use.
Modern production of "Fechtfedern" has been revived in the 2000s for use as sparring weapons and for competition in the context of the Historical European martial arts revival.

</doc>
