<doc id="2854806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854806" title="List of Acts of the Oireachtas">
List of Acts of the Oireachtas

This is a list of Acts of the Oireachtas (Irish parliament) for the years 1922 to present.
Note: In the lists below, unless otherwise stated, all Acts are Public Acts.
1922–1929.
1924.
Private Acts
1925.
Private Acts
1926.
Private Acts
1927.
Private Acts
1928.
Private Acts
1929.
Private Acts
1930–1939.
1930.
Private Acts
1931.
Private Acts
1932.
Private Acts
1933.
Private Acts
1935.
Private Acts
1936.
Private Acts
1937.
Private Acts
1938.
Private Acts
1939.
Constitutional Amendments
1940–1949.
1940.
Private Acts
1941.
Private Acts
Constitutional Amendments
1944.
Private Acts
1945.
Private Acts
1950–1959.
1950.
Private Acts
1951.
Private Acts
1953.
Private Acts
1954.
Private Acts
1955.
Private Acts
1957.
Private Acts
1958.
Private Acts
1959.
Private Acts
1960–1969.
1960.
Private Acts
1961.
Private Acts
1963.
Private Acts
1964.
Private Acts
1965.
Private Acts
1966.
Private Acts
1969.
Private Acts
1970–1979.
1970.
Private Acts
1972.
Constitutional Amendments
1974.
Private Acts
1976.
Private Acts
1979.
Private Acts
Constitutional Amendments
1980–1989.
1983.
Constitutional Amendments
1984.
Constitutional Amendments
1987.
Constitutional Amendments
1989.
Private Acts
1990–1999.
1992.
Private Acts
Constitutional Amendments
1993.
Private Acts
1995.
Constitutional Amendments
1996.
Constitutional Amendments
1997.
Constitutional Amendments
1998.
Constitutional Amendments
1999.
Constitutional Amendments
2000–2009.
2000.
Private Acts
2001.
Constitutional Amendments
2002.
Constitutional Amendments
2003.
Private Acts
2004.
Constitutional Amendments
2009.
Constitutional Amendments
2010–.
2011.
Constitutional Amendments
2012.
Constitutional Amendments

</doc>
<doc id="2854817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854817" title="Roseira">
Roseira

Roseira is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. The population in 2004 was 9,788 and the area is 130.57 km². The elevation is 551 m.

</doc>
<doc id="2854821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854821" title="British United Airways">
British United Airways

British United Airways (BUA) was a private, independent British airline formed as a result of the merger of Airwork Services and Hunting-Clan Air Transport in July 1960, making it the largest wholly private airline based in the United Kingdom at the time. British and Commonwealth Shipping (B&C) was the new airline's main shareholder.
At its inception, BUA assumed the aircraft and operations of its predecessors. These included a fleet of 90 assorted fixed-wing aircraft and helicopters that continued to operate mainly non-scheduled services. Gatwick became BUA's main operating base while Stansted was the main base for trooping flights until 1964. 
An order for ten BAC One-Eleven jet aircraft in May 1961 launched BUA's fleet re-equipment programme in support of its long-term policy to develop primarily as a scheduled airline. This was also the first time a private British airline had placed a launch order for a new jet. 
In January 1962, BUA merged with British Aviation Services, the holding company of rival British independent airlines Britavia and Silver City Airways. This made BUA the largest unsubsidised airline outside the United States. Silver City's pre-merger status as the main independent provider of air ferry services in the UK also gave BUA a monopoly among UK-based air ferry operators. The subsequent takover of Jersey Airlines in May 1962 resulted in further growth, giving BUA a fleet of more than 100 aircraft and 6,000 staff.
A city centre check-in facility for BUA's scheduled passengers opened in London Victoria station in late-April 1962. 
A combined rail-air service linking the city centres of London and Paris that enabled BUA to circumvent regulatory restrictions preventing it from flying London—Paris direct began on 26 May 1963. This was marketed as a cheaper alternative to existing direct air services. 
The introduction into service of the Vickers VC10 on 1 October 1964 made BUA the first private UK carrier to begin sustained jet operations. 
BUA's takeover of the South American services of British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) to Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay on 5 November 1964 marked a major expansion of its long-haul scheduled network.
On 9 April 1965, a BUA BAC One-Eleven became the type's first example to enter commercial service.
The simultaneous launch of daily One-Eleven jet services from Gatwick to Glasgow, Edinburgh and Belfast on 4 January 1966 made BUA the first scheduled all-jet operator on UK domestic trunk routes.
In 1968, the BUA group of companies underwent a major reorganisation to improve its financial performance. This included adoption of a new strategy for BUA that aimed to replace the dwindling number of unprofitable trooping flights with growing engagement in the more rewarding European inclusive tour (IT) and transatlantic affinity group charter markets. It also resulted in relocation of as many functions - head office and engineering - as possible at Gatwick. Successful implementation of these organisational and strategic changes enabled BUA to make the loss-making South American routes profitable by late-1968 and to become the UK's only profitable mainline scheduled domestic operator by 1969.
By the end of the 1960s, BUA had become the UK's leading private scheduled airline with a network spanning three continents — Europe, Africa and South America.
In November 1970, B&C sold BUA to the Scottish charter airline Caledonian Airways for £12 million. At that stage, it operated an all-jet fleet of 20 aircraft and employed a staff of 3,000.
History.
Antecedents and inception.
Airwork was formed in 1928. During the 1930s, it helped establish the predecessors of the post-World War II national airlines of India, Egypt and Rhodesia.
By the time Airwork merged with Hunting-Clan to form BUA, the former's air transport subsidiaries already included Airwork Helicopters, Air Charter, Bristow Helicopters, Channel Air Bridge, Transair and Morton Air Services. Hunting-Clan was originally known as Hunting Air Travel. It had become Hunting Air Transport and then changed to Hunting-Clan when it was taken over by the Scottish Clan Line shipping company, a B&C subsidiary. Following the merger that led to BUA's creation, Blue Star Line, Furness Withy and B&C owned 72% of the new airline's share capital. The remaining 28% was shared among the Clan Line (8%), Loel Guinness (10%) and Whitehall Securities (10%). This ownership structure made the Cayzer family the dominant shareholders. Sir Nicholas Cayzer, the Hon. Anthony Cayzer and Clive Hunting, at the time the Hunting Group's chairman, were appointed to the main board of directors that controlled the BUA group of companies.
In November 1961, the BUA group's shareholders created Air Holdings as a new holding company for the entire group.
In January 1962, British Aviation Services joined the merged entity. Britavia and Silver City Airways were its airline subsidiaries. P&O was the largest shareholder with a 70% stake, while Eagle Star and Cable & Wireless were minority shareholders that owned 20% and 10% respectively of its share capital.
BUA began operations from its new base at Gatwick Airport with a mixed fleet of 43 airliners and 47 helicopters. The former included Douglas DC-3 Dakota/C-47 Skytrain, DC-4/C-54 Skymaster and DC-6 piston airliners as well as more modern Bristol Britannia and Vickers Viscount turboprops. These continued serving the all-economy "Safari" and colonial coach class (British residents only) routes to East, Central, Southern and West Africa pioneered by both Airwork and Hunting-Clan, as well as operating trooping flights from Stansted under contract to the Ministry of Defence (MoD) and assorted passenger and freight charter flights these airlines and their associates had provided. During its first year of operation, the BUA group's 90-strong fleet flew 17.8 million revenue miles (28.6 million revenue kilometres), carrying 631,030 passengers, 143 million pounds (lb) (64,867 tonnes (t)) of freight and 25,749 cars (carried by Channel Air Bridge).
In addition to the "Safari" routes to Africa, BUA also established a network of scheduled services to mainly secondary destinations in Continental Europe, including Barcelona, Gibraltar, Ibiza, Málaga, Le Touquet, Lourdes, Palma, Perpignan, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, and the Channel Islands. BUA furthermore continued Hunting-Clan's "Africargo" scheduled freight operation. This had given it access to Heathrow, Hunting's old base, for a limited number of all-cargo services to Africa. Moreover, BUA acted as Sudan Airways's technical advisers and operated that airline's "Blue Nile" Viscount services between Khartoum and London Gatwick.
BUA was a full member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) since its inception as a result of inheriting Hunting-Clan's membership. This included membership of IATA's trade association as well as participation in tariff co-ordination with other member airlines in the organisation's annual traffic conferences. BUA also continued Airwork’s and Hunting-Clan’s participation in various pool agreements with foreign national airlines. On the East African routes, for example, BUA participated in a tripartite pool agreement with BOAC and East African Airways. Participating in revenue-sharing agreements with its foreign counterparts was a prerequisite for securing overseas traffic rights, especially in Africa.
Freddie Laker, BUA's first managing director (MD), used his contacts to British Rail (BR) to create a £100,000 city centre check-in facility in London's West End in a disused part of Victoria Station, which opened in late-April 1962. This enabled BUA's scheduled passengers to complete all check-in formalities, including dropping off their hold luggage, before boarding their train to Gatwick. -->
Expansion and fleet rationalisation.
At its inception, Bristol Britannias operated most of BUA's long-distance charter flights. A large number of these were trooping flights.
Developing BUA primarily as a scheduled airline was one of the first major policy decisions the BUA group's main board took in the early 1960s. The Civil Aviation (Licensing) Act of 1960, which abolished the statutory monopoly British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) and British European Airways (BEA) had enjoyed on principal domestic and international scheduled routes since the beginning of the post-war era and — theoretically — gave independent airlines equal opportunities to develop scheduled routes in their own right, formed the basis of this decision.
In early 1961, BUA applied to the Air Transport Licensing Board (ATLB), a predecessor of the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), for a large number of domestic and international short-, medium- and long-haul scheduled route licences to give its scheduled network the critical mass to become financially viable by 1965, and to provide sufficient work for a planned £20 million fleet of new jets comprising four long-haul Vickers VC10s and five short-/medium-haul DH 121 Tridents. BUA's applications included a request for twice-weekly all-economy/colonial coach class flights linking Gatwick with Istanbul, Teheran, Karachi, Delhi, Calcutta, Bangkok and Singapore, with a weekly extension to Hong Kong and Tokyo, respectively. BUA intended to inaugurate its first-ever scheduled services to Asia with DC-6Cs or Britannias, which were to be replaced with the new VC10s at a later stage. The airline planned to charge standard IATA fares on all sectors. In addition, it proposed to offer British residents flying to Singapore and Hong Kong in "Skycoach" an 18% discount on the equivalent economy class fares. In May of that year, BUA became the first independent airline in the UK to launch a brand-new jet aircraft, when it placed an order for ten short-/medium-haul BAC One-Eleven 200 series. The same month, the airline placed an order for up to four Vickers VC10 long-haul jets costing £2.8 million apiece. Laker personally negotiated these orders with both manufacturers. The combined order value was £20 million. At that time, the ATLB conducted a hearing into BUA's applications for over 20 scheduled route licences to enable it to expand the European network to include a number of major trunk routes from its Gatwick base, such as Gatwick to Paris, Milan, Zürich, Amsterdam and Athens, in competition with existing services of BEA from Heathrow. Although the ATLB granted BUA the requested licences for 12 of these routes, the airline was unable to use them without actual traffic rights.
At the start of the 1961–62 winter timetable in November 1961, BUA's fixed-wing fleet numbered 43 aircraft comprising Bristol Britannia and Vickers Viscount turboprops, as well as Douglas DC-6 and Bristol 170 Freighter piston airliners. Britannias and DC-6s operated to East, Central and Southern Africa, including non-stop Gatwick—Entebbe Britannia services, while Viscounts plied the multistop West African coastal route. Viscounts also served the airline's scheduled routes to the Canary Islands and Continental Europe.
In 1962, Jersey Airlines, a former "BEA associate", and Silver City Airways joined the BUA group of companies. The operations of these airlines were reorganised into British United (C.I.) Airways (BUA (C.I.)), British United (Manx) Airways and British United Air Ferries.
During the spring of 1963, BUA commenced additional scheduled services linking Gatwick with Lourdes/Tarbes, Barcelona, Palma and Genoa. At that time, the BUA group operated a fleet of 94 aircraft, which carried 1.8 million passengers, close to 200 million lb (90,000 t) of freight and 130,000 cars on an annualised basis.
On 26 May 1963, BUA began a twice-daily rail-air-rail service between the city centres of London and Paris. The service, which was marketed as "Silver Arrow" in the UK and as "Flèche d'argent" in France, was a joint operation between British Rail (BR), BUA and Société Nationale des Chemins de Fer français (SNCF). At London's Victoria Station, where BUA check-in facilities were available, Paris-bound passengers boarded a BR train to Gatwick Airport railway station. At Gatwick they transferred to a BUA Viscount, which flew them to Le Touquet Airport. At Le Touquet Airport an SNCF train was waiting to take them to Paris's Gare du Nord station. The entire journey took five hours and the minimum return fare was £10 9s. This compared with Skyways Coach-Air's London Victoria Coach Station — Lympne Airport — Beauvais Airport — Paris République Coach Station £11 return coach-air-coach fare. BUA's "Silver Arrow" service was an example of Laker turning an adversity into an opportunity. BUA's lack of traffic rights prevented it from running non-stop Gatwick—Paris scheduled flights although it held a licence for that route, which the ATLB had awarded it in late 1961. Faced with this restriction, Laker hit upon the idea to offer an indirect travel option between the city centres of London and Paris by combining the existing Victoria—Gatwick rail link with BUA's Gatwick — Le Touquet traffic rights. At the time, Le Touquet Airport was not linked to the French railway network. As a result, the surface journey between the airport and Paris was difficult and time-consuming as this involved an intermodal change between coach and train at Étaples. To overcome this drawback, Laker persuaded the French authorities to build a spur line into Le Touquet Airport so that BUA passengers could be met on arrival by a dedicated SNCF train that took them direct to Gare du Nord train station in the centre of Paris. BUA's new London—Paris rail-air-rail service via Gatwick replaced a coach-air-coach/rail service it had operated on this route via Lydd. BUA "Silver Arrow" fares were less than what BEA and Air France charged their passengers to fly non-stop between Heathrow and Paris to compensate for the longer travelling times (5 hr vs. 2 hr 45 min.).
The first of the two VC10s on firm order was handed over to BUA on 11 September 1964. Two days later, the aircraft was displayed at the Farnborough Airshow, where it replaced the larger Super VC10 prototype on the last day of the show. After being ferried to Gatwick the same evening, it began an eight-day series of proving and demonstration flights in East and Central Africa. The payload included Laker and his 1964 Rolls-Royce Silver Cloud.
Commercial VC10 operations commenced on 1 October 1964 with a trooping flight from Gatwick to Aden. This made BUA the first British independent airline to commence uninterrupted jet operations.
While negotiations with relevant authorities in the UK and destination countries for the grant of interim operating permits to enable the transfer of BOAC's loss-making routes to South America and to ensure continuity of service were still in progress, BUA's first proving flight to that continent took place on 12 October 1964. It was operated with one of the brand-new VC10s, which carried a small load of VIPs comprising BUA MD Laker and a high-ranking British trade delegation.
On 2 November 1964, the first scheduled passenger service with the type departed Gatwick for Freetown in Sierra Leone, West Africa.
VC10s also replaced Britannias and DC-6s on BUA's routes to East and Southern Africa, where the newly delivered jets took over from the piston/turboprop types on scheduled services from Gatwick to Entebbe, Nairobi, Ndola, Lusaka and Salisbury.
Contemporary bilateral transport arrangements prevented BUA from offering a first class on its East African routes. To compensate for this loss of competitiveness, Freddie Laker came up with the novel idea of designing a cargo door to be installed on the left-hand side of the forward fuselage of the airline's VC10s, where the first class cabin was normally located. This modification permitted the carriage of additional freight instead of first class passengers on the East African routes. BUA's VC10s also had extended wingtips that were slightly bent downwards to reduce the aircraft's cruise drag as well as to help it overcome the instability encountered when entering a stall.
On 5 November 1964, BUA inaugurated regular scheduled services from Gatwick to Rio, Montevideo, Buenos Aires and Santiago. BUA's new South American flights initially operated twice-weekly with alternate stops in Madrid and Lisbon, and a refuelling stop in Las Palmas. São Paulo and a third weekly frequency, which routed through Freetown to/from Buenos Aires, were added subsequently. The third frequency permitted BUA to alter its South American route pattern. As a result, one flight terminated in Brazil and end-to-end travelling times on the new Gatwick — Freetown — Buenos Aires — Santiago service reduced by over two hours compared with the previous routeing. The consequent overall capacity increase, including a greater choice of flights and shorter journey times between the UK, Argentina and Chile, made BUA's schedules more competitive with rivals.
In late 1964, Air Ferry joined the BUA group of companies as a consequence of Air Holdings' acquisition of Leroy Tours, Air Ferry's owners, thereby restoring the cross-Channel vehicle ferry services monopoly of British United Air Ferries.
In early April 1965, BUA received the first of the short-haul BAC One-Elevens, for which it had placed the launch order back in 1961, into its fleet. BUA operated the world's first commercial One-Eleven flight on 9 April 1965 from London Gatwick to Genoa.
The expansion of BUA's long-haul flying programme — both scheduled and non-scheduled — resulted in an order for a third VC10 in early May 1965. Technically, BUA took over an order Ghana Airways had cancelled. Practically, this meant that the aircraft was built to BUA's specifications featuring the same cargo door on the left side of the forward fuselage as its sister aircraft, thereby ensuring fleet interchangeability. This aircraft was delivered on 31 July 1965. It entered service in a single-class configuration featuring 127, rear-facing seats to be primarily used for long-haul trooping flights.
On 4 January 1966, BUA commenced domestic scheduled services with the new One-Elevens from Gatwick to Glasgow, Edinburgh and Belfast. These services were branded as "InterJet". This made BUA the first UK domestic operator plying trunk routes exclusively with jet equipment.
BUA also became the only airline in the world to operate One-Elevens on an intercontinental, long-haul scheduled route, when it introduced the 200 series on its multi-stop West African service linking Gatwick with Lagos via Lisbon, Las Palmas, Bathurst, Freetown and Accra.
During August 1966, BUA also introduced a new two-tone, sandstone and blue colour scheme. VC10 G-ASIX was first to appear in the new livery. This was sometimes unofficially referred to as the "hockey stick" livery.
BUA followed up its initial order for ten 200 series One-Elevens with an additional order for five stretched One-Eleven 500s. These were larger capacity aircraft with a higher takeoff weight that were primarily intended for use on the airline's European IT routes. These aircraft joined BUA's fleet from May 1969.
Reorganisation.
At the end of 1965, Laker decided to relinquish his post as managing director and leave the company to set up his own airline.
Following Laker's departure from BUA, Max Stuart-Shaw was appointed as BUA's new MD. Stuart-Shaw was a former senior manager at Central African Airways. His brief was to oversee the successful implementation of the board's original policy decision taken in the early 1960s to transform BUA into a scheduled airline. Although Laker had largely succeeded in welding the various constituent airlines that made up BUA into a single, integrated enterprise towards the end of his tenure while ensuring the business remained profitable, it lacked the quality of a frontline scheduled carrier. Despite the growth in scheduled activities during that period, the airline was still perceived as mainly a charter and freight operator. When Stuart-Shaw took over from Laker, he strengthened BUA's management organisation by developing the personnel department, expanding the planning unit, as well as reorganising operations and engineering. He also improved the quality of the airline's marketing. As a result, BUA witnessed a major improvement in the quality of its promotional material and in the number of flights departing on time, making its punctuality record one of the UK airline industry's best.
Alan Bristow, the founder of Bristow Helicopters, succeeded Stuart-Shaw as BUA MD in December 1967 following the latter's decision to relinquish the chief executive role only two years after his appointment. By the time Bristow took over, BUA was losing money.
BUA had recorded its first-ever loss in 1965, mainly as a result of the high depreciation charges its newly acquired jet fleet incurred and substantial losses the ex-BOAC South American routes generated. Over the following two years, the airline's financial situation rapidly deteriorated. In 1966, the loss amounted to £250,000. The following year it almost doubled. Preliminary loss projections released during summer 1967 had shown that a continuation of this trend would produce a negative result of more than £1 million in 1968 and an even higher deficit the year after. This scenario undermined the board's case for additional shareholder funds to finance the purchase of new long-haul jet equipment to replace the remaining Britannias and caused growing anxiety among shareholders, who threatened to withdraw their support unless there was a marked improvement in the airline's long-term prospects.
A detailed analysis of BUA's financial results had shown that raising the airline's profile and quality during Max Stuart-Shaw's tenure meant that costs were growing faster than revenues. Other factors contributing to BUA's rapid cost escalation included high launch costs of several, initially unprofitable scheduled services, as well as an unexpected falloff in traffic as a result of a credit squeeze combined with new overseas travel restrictions due to a tightening of existing exchange controls. This was further compounded by the large number of overheads resulting from the group's complex organisation in which many functions were duplicated and the limited opportunities for independent airlines to operate scheduled services on domestic and international trunk routes in competition with the corporations.
BUA had built up the high cost base of a major scheduled airline while low-yield charter traffic, a substantial amount of which was fluctuating, low-margin short-haul trooping between the UK and Germany, constituted a large part of its business. On the other hand, scheduled services generated inadequate revenues, which were insufficient to support the airline. Simultaneous development of new scheduled services and integration of existing regional operations in the Channel Islands and on the Isle of Man with the vehicle ferry network proved a costly distraction for overburdened senior sales and commercial managers, taking up a disproportionate amount of their time. Although revenues and the workforce had doubled between 1962 and 1968, total output had risen by less than half over the same period. This translated into a substantial fall in output per employee within that time span and resulted in a weak trading position.
To return BUA to profitability and to secure its long-term future as a viable business, Bristow simplified the unwieldy organisational structure of the BUA group of companies and implemented a new growth strategy.
This entailed splitting Air Holdings into two organisationally independent entities under the control of B&C.
BUA (Holdings) became the new holding company for BUA and British United Island Airways (BUIA), which combined the "second-level" scheduled operations of BUA (C.I.) and British United (Manx) Airways under the new name of Channel Islands and Manx Air Services (CIMAS) and "third-level" charter activities of Morton Air Services, as well as the BUA group's stakes in Bristow Helicopters, Gambia Airways, Sierra Leone Airways and Uganda Aviation Services.
Air Holdings, the old parent company of the unreconstructed BUA group, became a separate holding company for British Air Ferries (BAF) and Aviation Traders, Freddie Laker's old company. It also assumed ownership of Air Ferry, Airwork Services, the BUA group's tour operators and the new L-1011 franchise for sales outside the US.
B&C reportedly paid Air Holdings £6 million for the transfer of BUA's ownership to BUA (Holdings).
The BUA group's reorganisation also entailed B&C buying out all of BUA's co-owners other than Eagle Star for £17 million in May 1968. This gave it a 90.8% stake and left Eagle Star with the remaining 9.2%.
Specific steps Alan Bristow took to reorganise and revitalise the BUA group included
These measures were primarily intended to help BUA break even in 1968 and return to profit by 1969. To meet the longer term objective of transforming BUA into a viable business with a stable future, the airline's top management team got several, more forward-looking developments started. These focused on giving planning and a newly created special projects department direct access to the chief executive and putting greater emphasis on fleet modernisation to enhance BUA's competitiveness, including an urgent re-evaluation of the airline's future long-haul requirements.
An order for five 500 series One-Elevens to meet the airline's future short-/medium haul requirements started the fleet modernisation process. It was followed by the retirement of the remaining turboprops in BUA's mainline fleet and an evaluation of the Boeing 707 and Super VC10 for its future long-haul requirements, as well as the HS 125 and HP Jetstream as potential replacements for its "third-level" fleet. An important factor in each case was the airline's new strategy to capture a greater share of the non-scheduled market.
Using a more logical approach to regroup the wide spread of airline activities into four discrete units concluded the BUA group's reorganisation and revitalisation. As a result, BUA became the group's frontline all-jet operator based at Gatwick; BUIA's CIMAS division provided all "second-level" scheduled services from several regional bases and standardised its fleet on the Herald turboprop, while its Morton Air Services division offered "third-level" air taxi, charter and feeder services; and Bristow Helicopters assumed sole responsibility for all helicopter operations.
A concept called the "two-market philosophy" was the centrepiece of all these developments. This was based on the idea that BUA could only become economically viable and realise its full potential if it took maximum advantage of opportunities to develop its business profitably in both the scheduled and non-scheduled markets. Practically, this entailed increasing frequencies on existing scheduled services with particular emphasis on South American and UK domestic trunk routes, starting up scheduled routes to new destinations, securing a bigger share of the fast-growing short-/medium-haul IT market, establishing a presence in the long-haul closed group charter business and doing more contract work for overseas airlines.
These organisational changes led to a series of strikes. Despite its troubled industrial relations, BUA's financial performance gradually improved and it became profitable again. The improved financial performance was reflected in BUA's ability to turn BOAC's annual £1¼ million loss on the South American routes into a profit by the end of its fourth year of operation and to run the UK's only genuinely profitable domestic scheduled services.
In 1969, BUA purchased the VC10 prototype from Laker Airways. The acquisition of the VC10 prototype increased BUA's long-haul fleet to four aircraft.
By the end of the decade, BUA voluntarily withdrew from its two-year MoD contract for trooping flights between Britain and Germany, marking the end of the airline's trooping activities. By that time, BUA's fleet consisted of 21 aircraft, 18 of which were state-of-the art jet aircraft (four VC10s and 14 One-Elevens) as well as three Viscount 800 turboprops. Scheduled services accounted for 42% of its business, IT charters for 56% and trooping flights for the remaining 2%.
At the beginning of the new decade, BUA had an all-jet fleet, which gave it a competitive edge over its contemporary independent rivals.
"Second Force".
In the late 1960s, a parliamentary committee of inquiry headed by Professor Sir Ronald Edwards, at the time the chairman of the Electricity Council and Professor at the London School of Economics, inquired into the UK's air transport industry and its prospects in the coming decade. At the conclusion of its inquiry, on 2 May 1969, the Edwards committee published a 394-page report entitled "British Air Transport in the Seventies".
Concept.
One of the Edwards report's recommendations was the creation of a financially and managerially sound, so-called "Second Force" private sector airline to operate a viable network of short- and long-haul scheduled and non-scheduled services. This "Second Force" airline was to be licensed to compete with state-owned BEA and BOAC on selected short-/long-haul routes, in accordance with the relevant bilateral air transport agreements. Wherever bilateral agreements permitted a second British carrier, the "Second Force" was to assume this role. The "Second Force" was to be assisted in attaining critical mass by way of a limited route transfer from the corporations, both of which accounted for more than 90% of all UK scheduled air transport capacity in the late 1960s. In return, the "National Air Holdings Board" that was to assume control of the corporations was to be given a minority stake in the "Second Force" and at least one seat on its board. To enable the "Second Force" to become viable by 1980, its minimum size was to be at least 4 billion long-haul scheduled service seat miles (6.4 billion seat kilometres) per annum by 1975, and its fleet was to consist of at least 14 state-of-the-art long-haul aircraft, including three supersonic transports (SSTs), three wide-bodied trijets and eight conventional narrow-bodied jets.
The Edwards committee considered BUA and Caledonian the two main constituents of the envisaged "Second Force" among Britain's numerous contemporary independent airlines.
Creation.
Following publication of the Edwards report, BUA pitched for the role of the "Second Force" airline. Its bid to become the new "Second Force" centred on a six-year expansion plan that envisaged the progressive transfer of all of BOAC's African routes to itself to complement existing African services from the airline's Gatwick base, and unlimited frequencies between Gatwick and New York's John F. Kennedy Airport. This route transfer was to be accomplished by 1975 while widebodied services to New York were to begin in 1974. The plan also hinted at a subsequent transfer of the corporation's Caribbean and South American routes to strengthen BUA's role as the new British North-South long-haul airline while leaving BOAC to concentrate on becoming the UK's East-West long-haul carrier. BUA reckoned that this would give it the critical mass and rational route network to meet the Edwards committee's minimum requirement of 4 billion annual scheduled long-haul seat miles (6.4 billion seat kilometres) to become an economically viable "Second Force". BUA estimated that it needed to invest £60 million in new aircraft, including the then latest generation widebodied and SST aircraft, as well as an additional £25 million for associated ground facilities and working capital.
BUA's advocacy of large-scale route transfers from the corporations had not been envisaged by the committee and was opposed by the corporations and trade unions. It was also opposed by Caledonian; rather than creating spheres of influence between the corporations and the independents, that airline advocated organic development through new licensing opportunities that would permit it to compete with the corporations on an equal footing, especially on North Atlantic routes, and security of tenure upon which to build a sound economic future.
Meanwhile, BUA became a growing burden on the Cayzers' as a result of its disappointing financial performance, a situation made worse by the unexpected loss of one of its most important IT customers to the newly formed BEA Airtours. This led to an approach to both corporations, with the intention of selling BUA to one of them. BEA, which was approached first, refused because it considered the price Sir Nicholas was asking for BUA — £9 million — too high. A subsequent approach to BOAC proved to be more successful. Sir Keith Granville, BOAC's then MD, agreed to purchase BUA from B&C for £7.9 million. Roy Mason, the President of the Board of Trade, gave the Government's preliminary approval to BOAC's proposed takeover of BUA, on the understanding that there were no realistic prospects of a merger with another independent airline as recommended in the Edwards report.
When the details of this supposedly confidential agreement were leaked to the press, Caledonian, which had expressed its interest in acquiring BUA itself and had already begun negotiations with BUA's senior management to make an offer to take over the airline to create the "Second Force" as envisaged in the Edwards report, immediately applied to the ATLB for the revocation of all of BUA's scheduled route licences, requesting them to be transferred to itself. It also leaked its own version of this story to "The Observer". Following this revelation, Roy Mason made a statement to the House of Commons that B&C had misled him about the prospects of forming a "Second Force" airline through a merger with another independent, and that he was therefore going to withhold his final approval of the BOAC-BUA merger until matters had been clarified. This opened the way for Caledonian to make a successful counter bid for BUA.
On 30 November 1970, Caledonian Airways acquired BUA together with three new BAC One-Eleven 500 series aircraft the latter had leased from B&C for £12 million, thereby enabling it to transform itself into a scheduled airline and to become the "Second Force" as per the recommendations of the Edwards report. The merged entity would be known for an interim period as Caledonian/BUA before eventually adopting the British Caledonian name.
Aircraft fleet.
BUA and its associates operated the following aircraft types during BUA's ten-year history:
In addition to the fixed-wing aircraft types listed above, BUA group companies also operated various helicopter types.
Fleet in 1961.
In April 1961, the combined fleet of all BUA group companies comprised 109 aircraft, 57 of which were fixed-wing aircraft. Various helicopter types accounted for the balance.
Fleet in 1965.
In April 1965, the BUA mainline fleet comprised 21 aircraft (2 jets, 16 turboprops, 3 piston airliners).
The first of ten new BAC One-Eleven 201ACs that were on order was handed over to the airline on 4 April 1965.
BUA (mainline) employed 2,000 people at this time.
Fleet in 1969.
In April 1969, the BUA mainline fleet comprised 16 aircraft (13 jets and 3 turboprops).
The first of 8 new BAC One-Eleven 500s that were on order was handed over to the airline later that year.
BUA (mainline) employed 3,200 people at this time.
Accidents and incidents.
During its ten-year existence, BUA suffered one fatal accident and three non-fatal incidents.
The fatal accident was the crash of Flight 1030X on 14 April 1965. BUA (Channel Islands) Douglas C-47B-20-DK (registration: G-ANTB) was operating a scheduled international passenger flight from Paris Orly to Jersey. Despite the deteriorating weather conditions at Jersey's States Airport, the crew decided to continue its approach to runway 27. This approach was abandoned because runway visual range fell below minima. When the aircraft made a second approach, it struck the outermost pole of the approach light system at a height of , short of the runway threshold. This caused the aircraft to crash into the approach lights and catch fire, which killed 26 of the 27 occupants (three out of four crew members and all 23 passengers).
The first non-fatal incident was on 30 October 1961. It involved a BUA mainline Vickers Viscount 736 (registration: G-AODH operating an internal German charter flight under contract to BEA from Berlin Tempelhof Airport to Frankfurt Rhein-Main Airport. While executing a missed approach during an instrument approach to Rhein-Main Airport in poor visibility, the aircraft crash-landed. It struck the ground alongside Rhein-Main's runway 25 and rolled to a stop. There aircraft was damaged beyond repair, but there were no fatalities among the 16 occupants (four crew and 12 passengers) although a flight attendant and a passenger sustained injuries. Accident investigators concluded that the crash-landing was caused by the captain flying below the critical height in inadequate surface visibility. They furthermore concluded that the assistance the captain received from his co-pilot at the critical moment was erroneous and misleading, and therefore constituted an important contributing factor.
The second non-fatal incident occurred on 14 January 1969. It involved a BUA mainline BAC One-Eleven 201AC (registration: G-ASJJ) operating a scheduled international passenger flight from Milan's Linate Airport to London Gatwick. This was the same aircraft BUA had used to operate the One-Eleven's inaugural revenue service. On the day of the accident, the aircraft had been diverted to Linate on the outbound flight because of fog at Genoa's Cristoforo Colombo Airport. A normal take-off run was followed by a bang immediately after the aircraft had become airborne. The captain in the jumpseat who was supervising the co-pilot at the time thought that there was a problem with the no. 1 engine. He advised the pilot in command to close the throttle a short while later. The pilot in command followed this advice and lowered the nose pitch from 12 to six degrees. The engine shutdown was accompanied by an decrease in airspeed from 140 knots (161 mph/ 259 km/h to 115 kn (132 mph / 212 km/h). Although the aircraft was damaged beyond repair in the resulting forced landing on snow-covered sand about two miles from the end of runway 18, there were no fatalities among the 33 occupants (seven crew and 26 passengers) though there were two serious injuries. The accident investigators concluded that this crash was caused by the crew failing to recognise their mistake, which had resulted in shutting down the wrong engine (no. 1) in error following a compressor bang/surge in the no. 2 engine. In addition, the crew did not notice that an inadvertent movement of the relevant throttle lever had partially reduced the no. 2 engine's thrust.
A third non-fatal incident probably occurred during the second half of the 1960s to BUA mainline Vickers VC10 1103 (registration: G-ASIX) operating the Santiago de Chile – Buenos Aires sector of the weekly Santiago–Gatwick schedule. While the aircraft was cruising above the Andes, it encountered clear air turbulence above the mountain peaks. This resulted in the aircraft being thrown up on to its side at a greater-than-90-degree angle, and then tossed, headlong, nose down, towards the up to high peaks just a few thousand feet (several hundred metres) below. The severity of this incident knocked out the power control units (PCUs) of almost every flight control surface, leaving the aircraft to plummet downwards at a speed approaching Mach 1. The crew managed a successful recovery and reset the aircraft's PCUs. Following the aircraft's safe landing at Buenos Aires, a thorough ground check was performed before the aircraft was allowed to resume its flight to Gatwick. A detailed inspection of the aircraft at Gatwick revealed a fracture in one of the tail fin support spars, necessitating a lengthy repair. On an airliner with wing-mounted engines under the same circumstances, the engine mounting pins would probably have snapped.

</doc>
<doc id="2854828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854828" title="Multi-armed bandit">
Multi-armed bandit

In probability theory, the multi-armed bandit problem (sometimes called the "K"- or "N"-armed bandit problem) is the problem a gambler faces at a row of slot machines, sometimes known as "one-armed bandits", when deciding which machines to play, how many times to play each machine and in which order to play them. When played, each machine provides a random reward from a distribution specific to that machine. The objective of the gambler is to maximize the sum of rewards earned through a sequence of lever pulls.
Robbins in 1952, realizing the importance of the problem, constructed convergent population selection strategies in "Some aspects of the sequential design of experiments".
A theorem, the Gittins index published first by John C. Gittins gives an optimal policy in the Markov setting for maximizing the expected discounted reward.
In practice, multi-armed bandits have been used to model the problem of managing research projects in a large organization, like a science foundation or a pharmaceutical company. Given a fixed budget, the problem is to allocate resources among the competing projects, whose properties are only partially known at the time of allocation, but which may become better understood as time passes.
In early versions of the multi-armed bandit problem, the gambler has no initial knowledge about the machines. The crucial tradeoff the gambler faces at each trial is between "exploitation" of the machine that has the highest expected payoff and "exploration" to get more information about the expected payoffs of the other machines.
Empirical motivation.
The multi-armed bandit problem models an agent that simultaneously attempts to acquire new knowledge and optimize his or her decisions based on existing knowledge. There are many practical applications:
In these practical examples, the problem requires balancing reward maximization based on the knowledge already acquired with attempting new actions to further increase knowledge. This is known as the "exploitation vs. exploration tradeoff" in reinforcement learning.
The model can also be used to control dynamic allocation of resources to different projects, answering the question "which project should I work on" given uncertainty about the difficulty and payoff of each possibility.
Originally considered by Allied scientists in World War II, it proved so intractable that, according to Peter Whittle, it was proposed the problem be dropped over Germany so that German scientists could also waste their time on it.
The version of the problem now commonly analyzed was formulated by Herbert Robbins in 1952.
The multi-armed bandit model.
The multi-armed bandit (or just bandit for short) can be seen as a set of real distributions formula_1, each distribution being associated with the rewards delivered by one of the "K" levers. Let formula_2 be the mean values associated with these reward distributions. The gambler iteratively plays one lever per round and observes the associated reward. The objective is to maximize the sum of the collected rewards. The horizon "H" is the number of rounds that remain to be played. The bandit problem is formally equivalent to a one-state Markov decision process. The regret formula_3 after "T" rounds is defined as the expected difference between the reward sum associated with an optimal strategy and the sum of the collected rewards: formula_4, where formula_5 is the maximal reward mean, formula_6, and formula_7 is the reward at time "t". A strategy whose average regret per round formula_8 tends to zero with probability 1 when the number of played rounds tends to infinity is a "zero-regret strategy". Intuitively, zero-regret strategies are guaranteed to converge to an optimal strategy, not necessarily unique, if enough rounds are played.
Variations.
A common formulation is the "Binary multi-armed bandit" or "Bernoulli multi-armed bandit," which issues a reward of one with probability p, and otherwise a reward of zero.
Another formulation of the multi-armed bandit has each arm representing an independent Markov machine. Each time a particular arm is played, the state of that machine advances to a new one, chosen according to the Markov state evolution probabilities. There is a reward depending on the current state of the machine. In a generalisation called the "restless bandit problem", the states of non-played arms can also evolve over time. There has also been discussion of systems where the number of choices (about which arm to play) increases over time.
Computer science researchers have studied multi-armed bandits under worst-case assumptions, obtaining positive results for
finite numbers of trials with both
stochastic arm payoffs.
Bandit strategies.
A major breakthrough was the construction of optimal population selection strategies, or policies (that possess uniformly maximum convergence rate to the population with highest mean) in the work described below.
Optimal solutions.
In the paper "Asymptotically efficient adaptive allocation rules", Lai and Robbins (following many papers of Robbins and his co-workers going back to Robbins (1952)) constructed convergent population selection policies that possess the fastest rate of convergence (to the population with highest mean) for the case that the population reward distributions are the one-parameter exponential family. Then, in Katehakis and Robbins simplifications of the policy and the main proof were given for the case of Normal populations with known variances. The next notable progress was obtained by Burnetas and Katehakis in the "Optimal adaptive policies for sequential allocation problems", where index based policies with uniformly maximum convergence rate were constructed, under more general conditions that include the case in which the distributions of outcomes from each population depend on a vector of unknown parameters. Burnetas AN and Katehakis MN (1996) also provided an explicit solution for the important case in which the distributions of outcomes follow arbitrary (i.e., nonparametric) discrete, univariate distributions.
Later in "Optimal adaptive policies for Markov decision processes" Burnetas and Katehakis studied the much larger model of Markov Decision Processes under partial information, where the transition law and/or the expected one period rewards may depend on unknown parameter. In this work the explicit form for a class of adaptive policies that possess uniformly maximum convergence rate properties for the total expected finite horizon reward, were constructed under sufficient assumptions of finite state-action spaces and irreducibility of the transition law. A main feature of these policies is that the choice of actions, at each state and time period, is based on indices that are inflations of the right-hand side of the estimated average reward optimality equations. These inflations
have recently been called the optimistic approach in the work of Tewari and Bartlett, Ortner Filippi, Cappé, and Garivier, and Honda and Takemura.
Approximate solutions.
Many strategies exist which provide an approximate solution to the bandit problem, and can be put into the four broad categories detailed below.
Semi-uniform strategies.
Semi-uniform strategies were the earliest (and simplest) strategies discovered to approximately solve the bandit problem. All those strategies have in common a greedy behavior where the "best" lever (based on previous observations) is always pulled except when a (uniformly) random action is taken.
Probability matching strategies.
Probability matching strategies reflect the idea that the number of pulls for a given lever should "match" its actual probability of being the optimal lever. Probability matching strategies are also known as Thompson sampling or Bayesian Bandits are surprisingly easy to implement if you can sample from the posterior for the mean value of each alternative.
Probability matching strategies also admit solutions to so-called contextual bandit problems.
Pricing strategies.
Pricing strategies establish a "price" for each lever. For example as illustrated with the POKER algorithm, the price can be the sum of the expected reward plus an estimation of extra future rewards that will gain through the additional knowledge. The lever of highest price is always pulled.
Strategies with ethical constraints.
These strategies minimize the assignment of any patient to an inferior arm ("physician's duty"). In a typical case, they minimize expected successes lost (ESL), that is, the expected number of favorable outcomes that were missed because of assignment to an arm later proved to be inferior. Another version minimizes resources wasted on any inferior, more expensive, treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="2854839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854839" title="Onibaba (film)">
Onibaba (film)

Plot.
The film is set somewhere in Japan, in the mid-fourteenth century (Hachi tells of an attack from general Takauji Ashikaga, who came to power in the 1330s).
Two wounded soldiers flee from pursuers on horse in thick reeds which are taller than a man. Suddenly the soldiers are killed with spears by unseen assailants. Two women appear, take the armour and weapons, and drop the bodies in a hole. The women return to a small hut. The next day they take the armor and weapons to a merchant named Ushi (Taiji Tonoyama) and trade them for food. The merchant tells them news of a war. Ushi tries to seduce the older woman in vain. A neighbor named Hachi (Kei Satō), who has been at war, returns. The older woman (Nobuko Otowa) asks Hachi about her son, who was forced to be a soldier along with Hachi. The son is the husband of the younger woman (Jitsuko Yoshimura). Hachi tells about his experience in two fights, where general Takauji Ashikaga attacked his division. He says that the younger woman's husband had been killed in the fighting three days earlier when surrounded at the Battle of Minatogawa.
One beautiful day the three, who are out at the lake talking and minding their own business, see two samurai chasing one another and fighting on horseback. They jump in the lake and keep fighting, swimming closer to the three as they go. As one samurai comes close to them, asking for help, Hachi stabs him with his spear. He then orders the women to get the other man, whom they drown in the lake. The two then take their armour as before, sell it to Ushi, and have a good meal. Hachi seduces the young woman. She sneaks out of her hut every night to have sex with him. The older woman learns of the relationship. She tries to sleep with Hachi, then pleads with him to not take the young woman away since she cannot kill without her help.
One night, while Hachi and the young woman are together, a lost samurai in a demon --Hannya- mask (Jūkichi Uno) forces the older woman to guide him out of the swamp. She tricks him into plunging to his death in the pit where the women dispose of their victims. She climbs down and steals the samurai's possessions and, with great difficulty, his mask. Under the mask he is disfigured.
At night, the older woman dons the mask and frightens the young woman away from Hachi. During a storm, the older woman terrifies the young woman with the mask, but Hachi finds the daughter-in-law and again has sex with her in the grasses as the old woman watches from afar. Hachi returns to his hut. He finds a man in his hut. The man kills Hachi.
The older woman discovers that, after getting wet in the rain, the mask is impossible to remove. She reveals her scheming to the young woman and pleads with her to help take off the mask. The young woman agrees to remove the mask after the older woman promises not to interfere with her relationship with Hachi. The young woman breaks off the mask with a hammer. Under the mask, the older woman's face is covered with sores. The young woman thinks the older woman has turned into a demon, and runs from her; the older woman runs after her, crying out that she is a human being, not a demon. The young woman leaps over the pit, and as the older woman leaps after her the film ends.
Cast.
Most of the cast consisted of members of Shindo's regular group of performers, Nobuko Otowa, Kei Satō, Taiji Tonoyama, and Jūkichi Uno. This was Jitsuko Yoshimura's only appearance in a Shindo film. The two women do not have names even in the script, but are merely described as "middle-aged woman" and "young woman".
Production.
The story of "Onibaba" was inspired by the Shin Buddhist parable of "yome-odoshi-no men" (嫁おどしの面) (bride-scaring mask) or "niku-zuki-no-men" (肉付きの面) (mask with flesh attached), in which a mother used a mask to scare her daughter from going to the temple. She was punished by the mask sticking to her face, and when she begged to be allowed to remove it, she was able to take it off, but it took the flesh of her face with it.
The story takes place shortly after the Battle of Minatogawa which began a period of over 50 years of civil war, the Nanboku-chō period (1336 to 1392).
Kaneto Shindo wanted to film "Onibaba" in a field of susuki grass. He sent out assistant directors to find suitable locations. Once a location was found near a river bank at Inba-Numa in Chiba, they put up prefabricated buildings to live in. Filming started on 30 June 1964 and continued for three months.
They had a rule that if somebody left they would not get any pay, to keep the crew motivated to continue. Shindo included dramatized scenes of the dissatisfaction on the set as part of the 2000 film "By Player".
To film night scenes inside the huts, they would put up screens to block the sun, and changing the shot would require setting the screens in a completely different spot.
Kaneto Shindo said that the effects of the mask on those who wear it are symbolic of the disfigurement of the victims of the Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the film reflecting the traumatic effect of this visitation on post-war Japanese society.
The film contains some sequences filmed in slow motion.
The scenes of the older woman descending in to the hole had to be shot using an artificial "hole" built above ground with scaffolding, since holes dug in the ground at the location site would immediately fill with water.
Score.
"Onibaba"'s score is by Shindo's long-term collaborator Hikaru Hayashi. The background and title music consists of Taiko drumming combined with jazz.
Release.
The film was released on 21 November 1964 in Japan. It was distributed by Toho. It was released in the USA on 9 February 1965.
Home media.
It was released as a Region 1 DVD on March 16, 2004 in the Criterion Collection. A Region 2 DVD was released in 2005 as part of the Masters of Cinema series.
Reception.
Critics disagree on the genre of the film. While "Onibaba" is regarded a "period drama" by David Robinson, or "stage drama" by Japanese film scholar Keiko I. McDonald, Phil Hardy included it in his genre compendium as a horror film, and Chuck Stephens describes it as an "erotic-horror classic".
Peter Bradshaw in The Guardian says ""Onibaba" is a chilling movie, a waking nightmare shot in icy monochrome, and filmed in a colossal and eerily beautiful wilderness". He comments on the photography "The action of the movie is interspersed with brilliantly composed, almost abstract compositions of the wasteland itself" and summarizes ""Onibaba" deserves something more than cult status." Jonathan Rosenbaum describes it as "creepy, interesting, and visually striking".
Keiko I. McDonald says that the film contains elements of the Noh theatre. She notes that the han'nya mask "is used to demonize the sinful emotions of jealousy and its associative emotions" in Noh plays, and that the differing camera angles at which the mask is filmed in "Onibaba" are similar to the way in which a Noh performer uses the angle of the mask to indicate emotions. Other reviewers also speculate about Noh influences on the film.

</doc>
<doc id="2854850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854850" title="Doctor Who – The Ultimate Adventure">
Doctor Who – The Ultimate Adventure

Doctor Who – The Ultimate Adventure was a 1989 stage play, written by Terrance Dicks based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
The play ran from 23 March and starred Jon Pertwee (who had played the Third Doctor in the series) as the Doctor. On 29 April Pertwee was ill, so his understudy David Banks, who played the Cyber Leader in the series from "Earthshock" onwards, played the Doctor for the matinee and evening performances. Pertwee continued in the role until 3 June and two days later Colin Baker, who had played the Sixth Doctor, took over the lead until the run ended on 19 August. The play was adjusted accordingly to conform with the Sixth Doctor's persona.
Synopsis.
The story involves an alliance between the Daleks and the Cybermen who have joined forces to kidnap the American Envoy and ruin a peace conference on Earth. The Doctor's companion is a Frenchman nicknamed Jason, and after failing to stop the Cybermen take the US Envoy from a nightclub, they are joined by a singer named Crystal, who works there. After a trip to Altair Three and then the Bar Galactica, they meet Madame Delilah but are forced to flee along with a small furry creature called Zog.
The time travellers are captured briefly by the Daleks and navigate the ship through an asteroid field before making a series of short trips, arriving finally to confront the Dalek Emperor. The Doctor tricks the Emperor into revealing that the Daleks intend to betray the Cybermen and a battle breaks out between the two. Returning to Earth, the Doctor realises the US Envoy is under Dalek influence and programmed to destroy London with a Dalekanium bomb. The Doctor breaks his conditioning and defuses the bomb by putting it in a teapot.
The play featured a female Prime Minister named in the script 'Mrs. T' (a reference to Margaret Thatcher). The Third Doctor addresses her as Margaret in the play whilst the Sixth Doctor addresses her as Maggie. The Third Doctor also mentions Denis, a reference to Denis Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher's husband. The play also features some musical numbers including two from Crystal and "Business is Business" from Madam Delilah, the title of which acted as a catchphrase running throughout the play.
Production.
The script featured numerous "Doctor Who" in-jokes, including Jon Pertwee's line "reverse the polarity of the neutron flow" and his singing of the Venusian Lullaby. The story also required a Dalek casing to be borrowed by one of the heroes to fool the Daleks, a ploy used in television stories "The Daleks" (1963) and "Planet of the Daleks" (1973). Other ties to the television series included a Draconian and a Vervoid which make cameo appearances as mercenaries in the Bar Galactica scenes.
There were five new Dalek props built for this production but, unlike the two previous plays, "The Curse of the Daleks" and "Doctor Who and the Daleks in the Seven Keys to Doomsday", these were not the same as the television models and were not built by Shawcraft (the original company responsible for the Dalek props). Specific design differences included a more cylindrical shape, and a single vertical column of hemispheres on the side panels of the skirting. They also had larger rectangular head lights, no discs along the eye stalks and no shoulder slats as were present on post-1966 Daleks. The Dalek Emperor prop was a faithful reproduction of the model that appeared in "The Evil of the Daleks" (1967).
The TARDIS set was also different, featuring roundels in a square rather than a hexagonal grid and a miniature console in which the central column was retracted completely out of view. The Cybermen costumes were identical to those used in "Attack of the Cybermen" (1985).
When Colin Baker took over as the Doctor, he was provided with a redesigned version of his Sixth Doctor costume by the production crew. The new version incorporated shades of purple and blue, colours which could not have been used on TV due to interference with blue screen effects. [http://www.freewebs.com/colinbaker/theultimateadventure.htm]
The production used a large screen that displayed visual effect sequences and also incorporated lasers into the action. The screen showed such things as the TARDIS spinning through space and a meteor shower. The lasers were used to depict the effect of the Dalek guns, a force field and a time tunnel.
Audio adaptation.
The Ultimate Adventure is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".

</doc>
<doc id="2854856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854856" title="Renée Montagne">
Renée Montagne

Renée Montagne (pronounced Mon-TAIN) is an American radio journalist and the current co-host (with Steve Inskeep) of National Public Radio's weekday morning newsmagazine, "Morning Edition". Montagne and Inskeep replaced longtime host Bob Edwards, initially as interim replacements in May 2004. Montagne had served as a correspondent and occasional host since 1989. She usually broadcasts from NPR West in Culver City, California, a Los Angeles suburb.
Early life.
Montagne was born in December 1948 in Oceanside, California, into a Marine Corps family. As is common in the lives of children of career military families, she moved a lot while growing up, including living in Hawaii and various places on the West Coast. She attended Cupertino High School and was inducted into the school's Hall of Fame in 2012. Montagne graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of California, Berkeley in 1973 with a degree in English.
Career.
Montagne got her start in radio as news director for KPOO community radio in San Francisco while attending UC-Berkeley. She also worked for Pacific News Service in San Francisco.
From 1980 through 1986, Montagne worked in New York City as a freelance reporter and producer for both NPR and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. During this period, she covered the arts and science for NPR. From 1987 to 1989, she was co-host with Robert Siegel of NPR's evening newsmagazine, "All Things Considered". 
In 1990, Montagne covered the release of Nelson Mandela from prison in South Africa. She remained in South Africa for three years covering South Africa. She and the NPR reporting team covered South Africa's first fully democratic elections and won the Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award for their work.
In May 2004, Montagne and Steve Inskeep were chosen as interim co-hosts for NPR's Morning Edition replacing long-time host Bob Edwards who was reassigned as a senior correspondent. They became permanent co-hosts in December 2004.
Montagne traveled to Rome to cover the funeral of Pope John Paul II for NPR's Morning Edition in 2005. She also has traveled frequently to Afghanistan covering the war which began in 2001. She has been recognized by the Overseas Press Club for her Afghanistan reporting.
Montagne was among the news anchors who attended the traditional off-the-record luncheon held with the U.S. president in advance of Barack Obama's 2011 State of the Union Address.

</doc>
<doc id="2854859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854859" title="Dolfin Dolfin">
Dolfin Dolfin

Dolfin Dolfin was a Venetian noble who played an important role of defending the Byzantine capital Constantinople against the Ottoman Empire during the Siege of Constantinople in 1453. He was originally put in charge of the city's north gate, but after Captain Jacamo Coco died while trying to burn the Turkish fleet, he was put in charge of the Byzantine Navy. Dolfin Dolfin survived the fall of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="2854862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854862" title="Sathyan">
Sathyan

Sathyan is a common Indian name and can refer to the following performers:

</doc>
<doc id="2854864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854864" title="Infanta Maria da Assunção of Portugal">
Infanta Maria da Assunção of Portugal

Infanta Maria da Assunção of Portugal (or of Braganza and Borbón; (; ; Queluz, June 25, 1805 – Santarém, January 7, 1834) was a Portuguese "infanta" (princess) daughter of King John VI of Portugal and his wife Carlota Joaquina of Borbón.
She died unmarried when she was just 28 years old. She was first buried at the Miracle Church in Santarém but then moved to the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty, in Lisbon.

</doc>
<doc id="2854868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854868" title="Cora Almerino">
Cora Almerino

Cora Almerino is a well-known Cebuano Visayan writer. Her poems were included in "Sinug-ang: A Cebuano trio" published by Women in Literary Arts in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="2854869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854869" title="Jules Ellenberger">
Jules Ellenberger

Jules Ellenberger (16 January 1871–20 August 1973) was an Imperial civil servant.
Ellenberger was born to an old South African pioneer family in a cave in what is now Lesotho. He was the son of D. F. Ellenberger of the Paris Mission Society mission in Lesotho, an Alsatian missionary and historian, and was educated at the Lovedale missionary school and in France.
Ellenberger held a variety of posts in the Bechuanaland Protectorate, as the equivalent of a district commissioner at Gaborone, Ngamiland, and Mafeking. He served as assistant commissioner of the Southern Protectorate from 1902 to 1916, government secretary from 1916 to 1923, and Resident Commissioner of the Bechuanaland Protectorate from 1923 to 1927, replacing his brother-in-law James MacGregor. He collected oral history of the BaTswana. Anxious to protect what he perceived to be the Protectorate's economic interests, he denied the existence of agricultural slavery in the colony. Only in the 1930s did Ellenberger's successor Charles Rey expose this Imperial scandal.
Ellenberger's son, Vivien Frederick Ellenberger (died 1977), also served in the Protectorate's civil service, and wrote on BaLete and BaTlokwa history.

</doc>
<doc id="2854871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854871" title="Jumu">
Jumu

Jumu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854872" title="Estrella Alfon">
Estrella Alfon

Estrella D. Alfon (July 18, 1917 – December 28, 1983) was a well-known prolific Filipina author who wrote in English. Because of continued poor health, she could manage only an A. A. degree from the University of the Philippines. She then became a member of the U. P. writers club and earned and was given the privileged post of National Fellowship in Fiction post at the U. P. Creative Writing Center. She died in the year 1983 at the age of 66.
Personal.
Estrella Alfon was born in Cebu City in 1917. Unlike other writers of her time, she did not come from the intelligentsia. Her parents were shopkeepers in Cebu. She attended college, and studied medicine. When she was mistakenly diagnosed with tuberculosis and sent to a sanitarium, she resigned from her pre-medical education, and left with an Associate of Arts degree.
Alfon has several children: Alan Rivera, Esmeralda "Mimi" Rivera, Brian Alfon, Estrella "Twinkie" Alfon, and Rita "Daday" Alfon (deceased). She has 10 grandchildren.
Her youngest daughter, was a stewardess for Saudi Arabian Airlines, and was part of the Flight 163 crew on August 19, 1980, when an in-flight fire forced the aircraft to land in Riyadh. A delayed evacuation resulted in the death of everyone aboard the flight.
Alfon died on December 28, 1983, following a heart attack suffered on-stage during Awards night of the Manila Film Festival.
Professional.
She was a student in Cebu when she first published her short stories, in periodicals such as "Graphic Weekly Magazine", "Philippine Magazine", and the "Sunday Tribune". 
She was a storywriter, playwright, and journalist. In spite of being a proud Cebuana, she wrote almost exclusively in English. She published her first story, “Grey Confetti”, in the Graphic in 1935.
She was the only female member of the Veronicans, an avant garde group of writers in the 1930s led by Francisco Arcellana and H.R. Ocampo, she was also regarded as their muse. The Veronicans are recognized as the first group of Filipino writers to write almost exclusively in English and were formed prior to the World War II. She is also reportedly the most prolific Filipina writer prior to World War II. She was a regular contributor to Manila-based national magazines, she had several stories cited in Jose Garcia Villa’s annual honor rolls.
In the 1950s, her short story, "Fairy Tale for the City", was condemned by the Catholic League of the Philippines as being "obscene". She was even brought to court on these charges. While many of her fellow writers did stand by her, many did not. These events hurt her deeply.
In spite of having only an A.A. degree, she was eventually appointed as a professor of Creative Writing at the University of the Philippines, Manila. She was a member of the U.P. Writers Club, she held the National Fellowship in Fiction post at the U.P. Creative Writing Center in 1979.
She would also serve on the Philippine Board of Tourism in the 1970s.
Palanca Awards.
Estrella Alfon has won the Palanca Awards a number of times:
Criticisms.
Alfon was at times charged with sloppy writing and suspected of writing for money.

</doc>
<doc id="2854874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854874" title="Jean-Sébastien Aubin">
Jean-Sébastien Aubin

Jean-Sébastien "J. S." Aubin (born July 19, 1977 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who plays for the Pustertal-Val Pusteria Wolves of the Italian Serie A.
Playing career.
Aubin played his junior career in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, following in the footsteps of so many other Quebec-born goaltenders. He played for three different teams, spending the most time with the Sherbrooke Faucons. He was drafted in the third round of the 1995 NHL Entry Draft, 76th overall, by the Pittsburgh Penguins. His professional career began in the East Coast Hockey League, but he worked his way on to the Penguins' farm team, and then into the NHL itself. 
In the 1998–99 season, Aubin was recalled by the Penguins and made his NHL debut in a 5-0 defeat to the Tampa Bay Lightning on October 21, 1998. Two weeks later Aubin recorded his first career win on November 5, in a 4-2 victory over the Ottawa Senators. In his next start Aubin continued his form, collecting his first career shutout in a scoreless tie against the Boston Bruins on November 7, 1998.
Aubin played parts of six seasons with Pittsburgh, including one as their starting goaltender, before being released by them. He then signed a two-way contract with the Toronto Maple Leafs. He played his first game with the Maple Leafs on March 26, 2006 on New Jersey, making 36 saves and winning the game 4–3. He recorded a shutout in only his third game with the Maple Leafs, against the Buffalo Sabres in a 7–0 victory on home ice.
After spending the majority of the 2007–08 season with the Los Angeles Kings, he was traded to the Anaheim Ducks at the 2008 trading deadline for a 7th round pick. It was the first-ever transaction involving the two geographic- and Pacific Division-rival clubs. On July 23, 2009, Aubin signed a one-year contract with European team, the DEG Metro Stars leaving the Philadelphia Phantoms.
In his first season with the Metro Stars in 2009–10, Aubin recorded the best save percentage and was subsequently selected as the DEL Goalie of the Year. 
After three seasons with the Metro Stars, Aubin departed as a free agent but remained in Europe, signing a one-year contract with Pustertal-Val Pusteria Wolves of the Italian Serie A on June 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2854881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854881" title="Francisco C. Álvarez">
Francisco C. Álvarez

Francisco C. Álvarez (1903–1963) was a well-known Cebuano Visayan stage actor and playwright. He was a staff member of "The Freeman". He wrote a play entitled "Dinagmalan", published in "Bisaya" in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="2854885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854885" title="Potenciano Alino">
Potenciano Alino

Potenciano Aliño (c.1864–1909) was a Cebuano Visayan writer. He is credited for having first translated Jose Rizal's "Mi Ultimo Adios" (Kataposan nga Panamilit).
He is a member of the Great AliÑo clan of Cebu City. He is a descendant of the First King of Cebu province - Sri Lo Mai, whose descendant is Raja Humabon. Potenciano's ancestor is Raja Humabon's cousin, Tupas, who was considered as the last king of Cebu, consequently, the Spaniards came and took over leadership of the whole archipelago. Tupas was the first to bear the name AliÑo.
Potenciano is one of the noted Tres AliÑOs of Talisay, Cebu, which gave them honor by naming a street in Talisay after them. They are the leader of the revolution against the Spaniards during their last remaining years in the Philippines. They also fought against the Americans. The other guerrillas collaborated with the Americans and were honored and given rewards by their enemies. His brothers, Felix and Hilario, fought alongside with him in their cause. Other brothers were Gervacio and Valentin. the first encounter against the Americans happened in Badian town in southwestern Cebu. A brother was captured by Muslim pirates and was brought to Jolo, Sulo and married an Imam's daughter. other descendants went to Mindanao and established their own families. Potenciano was known to be a good sailor, he was a skipper of a ship which traveled up north. He spent some time in Nueva Ecija and the Ilocos regions and sired a number of children.
The Tres Aliños were said to possess magical powers and were strong physically, they bent prison bars during their imprisonment and got away. They were in hiding most of the time during the wars. When his wife died, he wore a woman's dress and went to the wake as a woman. Nobody noticed him during that visit.
Some well known descendants of the AliÑo clan are the former AFP Chief of Staff, General Lisandro Abadia, General Loven Abadia, former Police Director General Santiago Aliño, General George Aliño.

</doc>
<doc id="2854891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854891" title="Sarah Maldoror">
Sarah Maldoror

Sarah Maldoror, born Sarah Ducados in 1938, in Gers, France, is a French filmmaker of African descent.
Maldoror, the daughter of immigrants from Guadaloupe, chose her artist's name in remembrance of "Les Chants de Maldoror" by Lautréamont. She attended a drama school in Paris. Together with her husband, Angolan nationalist Mário Pinto de Andrade, she received a scholarship and studied film with Mark Donskoi in Moscow in 1961-62 where she met Ousmane Sembène. She is best known for her feature film "Sambizanga" (1972) on the 1961-1974 war in Angola.
Career.
After her studies, Sarah Maldoror, worked as an assistant on Gillo Pontecorvo's acclaimed film, "The Battle of Algiers" (1966). She also worked as an assistant to Algerian director Ahmed Lallem.
Maldoror's short film, "Monangambee" (1968), was set in Angola, based on a story by Angolan writer José Luandino Vieira. This 17-minute long film's title, "Monangambée", refers to the call used by Angolan anti-colonial activists to signal a village meeting. The film was shot with amateur actors in Algeria. It tells the story of a poor woman who visits her husband, who is imprisoned in the city of Luanda. The film was selected for the Director's Fortnight at Cannes in 1971, representing Angola.
Her first feature film, "Sambizanga", was also based on a story by Vieira.
Sarah Maldoror is one of the first women to direct a feature film in Africa; therefore, her work is often included in studies of the role of African women in African cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="2854893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854893" title="Ignatio Francisco Alzina">
Ignatio Francisco Alzina

Fr. Ignatio Francisco Alzina (or Alcina) was a Spanish Jesuit who, in 1668, documented East Visayan literature including the poetic forms such as the "candu", "haya", "ambahan", "canogon", "bical", "balac", "siday" and "awit". He also described the "susumaton" and "posong", early forms of narratives.

</doc>
<doc id="2854896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854896" title="Barry Orton">
Barry Orton

Randal Barry Orton (born May 28, 1958, Amarillo, Texas) is an American former professional wrestler. He is a wrestler/musician turned actor, better known as Barry O or Barrymore Barlow. He moved to Kansas City, Missouri with his mother and father three days after being born. He is the son of Bob, Sr. and Rita Orton, brother of "Cowboy" Bob Orton, the uncle of WWE Superstar Randy Orton and the father of Randal Orton Jr.
Career.
Orton made his pro wrestling debut in 1976. During his career in wrestling he competed in the WWF as "Barry O" (1984–1988, 1990–1991), ICW, WOW, the NWA, the IWF and Stampede Wrestling. While in Stampede, Orton appeared as the masked Zodiak (a gimmick first used by his father, loosely based on the Zodiac Killer), managing Jason the Terrible before feuding with him. During Orton's time, with the WWF, he was mainly used as a pure jobber. Losing to established stars, and rising newcomers, Orton, however had victories over fellow preliminary wrestlers, Paul Roma, and Steve Lombardi.
He was involved in an episode of Larry King Live show in 1992 when King discussed a WWF sex scandal. During the show, which also featured Vince McMahon and Bruno Sammartino, Barry spoke on telephone and revealed that, in his younger days in the wrestling business he was molested. He goes on to state that this did not occur in the WWF but he claims that those responsible later became two top officials in the WWF. Later in the show, Bruno Sammartino encouraged Barry to name the two people in question and Barry stated that the two men were Terry Garvin and Pat Patterson, both openly homosexual men. In 1992 Barry also appeared on The Phil Donahue Show talking about the issue, with McMahon and Sammartino also appearing on the same show.
Personal life.
Orton married his high school sweetheart, Jane Bransfield, on September 12, 1995. Their first and only child, Randal Barry Orton Jr., was born on April 12, 1996. Jane and Barry Orton adopted a son named Seaver Beau Orton born on June 30, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2854898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854898" title="IEEE 802.11n-2009">
IEEE 802.11n-2009

IEEE 802.11n-2009, commonly shortened to 802.11n, is a wireless networking standard that uses multiple antennas to increase data rates. It is an amendment to the IEEE 802.11-2007 wireless networking standard. Its purpose is to improve network throughput over the two previous standards—802.11a and 802.11g—with a significant increase in the maximum net data rate from 54 Mbit/s to 600 Mbit/s (slightly higher gross bit rate including for example error-correction codes, and slightly lower maximum throughput) with the use of four spatial streams at a channel width of 40 MHz. 802.11n standardized support for multiple-input multiple-output and frame aggregation, and security improvements, among other features. It can be used in the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz frequency bands.
802.11 is a set of IEEE standards that govern wireless networking transmission methods. They are commonly used today in their 802.11a, 802.11b, 802.11g, 802.11n and the newer 802.11ac versions to provide wireless connectivity in homes and businesses. Development of 802.11n began in 2002, seven years before publication. The 802.11n protocol is now Clause 20 of the published IEEE 802.11-2012 standard. Proposed enhancements to 802.11n are under development as part of IEEE 802.11ac.
Description.
IEEE 802.11n is an amendment to IEEE 802.11-2007 as amended by IEEE 802.11k-2008, IEEE 802.11r-2008, IEEE 802.11y-2008, and IEEE 802.11w-2009, and builds on previous 802.11 standards by adding multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) and 40 MHz channels to the PHY (physical layer), and frame aggregation to the MAC layer.
MIMO is a technology that uses multiple antennas to coherently resolve more information than possible using a single antenna. One way it provides this is through Spatial Division Multiplexing (SDM), which spatially multiplexes multiple independent data streams, transferred simultaneously within one spectral channel of bandwidth. MIMO SDM can significantly increase data throughput as the number of resolved spatial data streams is increased. Each spatial stream requires a discrete antenna at both the transmitter and the receiver. In addition, MIMO technology requires a separate radio-frequency chain and analog-to-digital converter for each MIMO antenna, making it more expensive to implement than non-MIMO systems.
Channels operating with a width of 40 MHz are another feature incorporated into 802.11n; this doubles the channel width from 20 MHz in previous 802.11 PHYs to transmit data, and provides twice the PHY data rate available over a single 20 MHz channel. It can be enabled in the 5 GHz mode, or within the 2.4 GHz mode if there is knowledge that it will not interfere with any other 802.11 or non-802.11 (such as Bluetooth) system using the same frequencies. The MIMO architecture, together with wider-bandwidth channels, offers increased physical transfer rate over 802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g (2.4 GHz).
Data encoding.
The transmitter and receiver use precoding and postcoding techniques, respectively, to achieve the capacity of a MIMO link. Precoding includes spatial beamforming and spatial coding, where spatial beamforming improves the received signal quality at the decoding stage. Spatial coding can increase data throughput via spatial multiplexing and increase range by exploiting the spatial diversity, through techniques such as Alamouti coding.
Number of antennas.
The number of simultaneous data streams is limited by the minimum number of antennas in use on both sides of the link. However, the individual radios often further limit the number of spatial streams that may carry unique data. The a x b : c notation helps identify what a given radio is capable of. The first number (a) is the maximum number of transmit antennas or TX RF chains that can be used by the radio. The second number (b) is the maximum number of receive antennas or RX RF chains that can be used by the radio. The third number (c) is the maximum number of data spatial streams the radio can use. For example, a radio that can transmit on two antennas and receive on three, but can only send or receive two data streams would be 2 x 3 : 2.
The 802.11n draft allows up to 4 x 4 : 4. Common configurations of 11n devices are 2 x 2 : 2; 2 x 3 : 2; and 3 x 2 : 2. All three configurations have the same maximum throughputs and features, and differ only in the amount of diversity the antenna systems provide. In addition, a fourth configuration, 3 x 3 : 3 is becoming common, which has a higher throughput, due to the additional data stream.
Data rates.
Assuming equal operating parameters to an 802.11g network achieving 54 megabits per second (on a single 20 MHz channel with one antenna), an 802.11n network can achieve 72 megabits per second (on a single 20 MHz channel with one antenna and 400 ns guard interval); 802.11n's speed may go up to 150 megabits per second if there aren't other Bluetooth, microwave or WiFi emissions in the neighborhood by using two 20 MHz channels in 40 MHz mode. If more antennas are used, then 802.11n can go up to 288 megabits per second in 20 MHz mode with four antennas, or 600 megabits per second in 40 MHz mode with four antennas and 400 ns guard interval. Because the 2.4 GHz band is seriously congested in most urban areas, 802.11n networks usually have more success in increasing data rate by utilizing more antennas in 20 MHz mode rather than by operating in the 40 MHz mode, as the 40 MHz mode requires a relatively free radio spectrum which is only available in rural areas away from cities. Thus, network engineers installing an 802.11n network should strive to select routers and wireless clients with the most antennas possible (one, two, three or four as specified by the 802.11n standard) and try to make sure that the network's bandwidth will be satisfactory even on the 20 MHz mode.
Data rates up to 600 Mbit/s are achieved only with the maximum of four spatial streams using one 40 MHz-wide channel. Various modulation schemes and coding rates are defined by the standard and are represented by a Modulation and Coding Scheme (MCS) index value. The table below shows the relationships between the variables that allow for the maximum data rate. GI (Guard Interval) : Timing between symbols.
Frame aggregation.
PHY level data rate improvements do not increase user level throughput beyond a point because of 802.11 protocol overheads, like the contention process, interframe spacing, PHY level headers (Preamble + PLCP) and acknowledgment frames. The main media access control (MAC) feature that provides a performance improvement is aggregation. Two types of aggregation are defined:
Frame aggregation is a process of packing multiple MSDUs or MPDUs together to reduce the overheads and average them over multiple frames, thereby increasing the user level data rate. A-MPDU aggregation requires the use of block acknowledgement or BlockAck, which was introduced in 802.11e and has been optimized in 802.11n.
Backward compatibility.
When 802.11g was released to share the band with existing 802.11b devices, it provided ways of ensuring coexistence between legacy and successor devices. 802.11n extends the coexistence management to protect its transmissions from legacy devices, which include 802.11g, 802.11b and 802.11a. There are MAC and PHY level protection mechanisms as listed below:
Even with protection, large discrepancies can exist between the throughput an 802.11n device can achieve in a greenfield network, compared to a mixed-mode network, when legacy devices are present. This is an extension of the 802.11b/802.11g coexistence problem.
Deployment strategies.
To achieve maximum output, a pure 802.11n 5 GHz network is recommended. The 5 GHz band has substantial capacity due to many non-overlapping radio channels and less radio interference as compared to the 2.4 GHz band. An 802.11n-only network may be impractical for many users because they need to support legacy equipment that still is 802.11b/g only. Consequently, it may be more practical in the short term to operate a mixed 802.11b/g/n network until 802.11n hardware becomes more prevalent. In a mixed-mode system, an optimal solution would be to use a dual-radio access point and place the 802.11b/g traffic on the 2.4 GHz radio and the 802.11n traffic on the 5 GHz radio. This setup assumes that all the 802.11n clients are 5 GHz capable, which isn't a requirement of the standard. Quite a few wifi-capable devices only support the 2.4 GHz, such as iPhone 4S, and there is no practical way to upgrade them to support 5 GHz. A technique called "band steering" is used by some enterprise-grade APs to send 802.11n clients to the 5 GHz band, leaving the 2.4 GHz band for legacy clients. Band steering works by responding only to 5 GHz association requests and not the 2.4 GHz requests from dual-band clients.
40 MHz in 2.4 GHz.
The 2.4 GHz ISM band is fairly congested. With 802.11n, there is the option to double the bandwidth per channel to 40 MHz which results in slightly more than double the data rate. However, when in 2.4 GHz, enabling this option takes up to 82% of the unlicensed band, which in many areas may prove to be infeasible.
The specification calls for requiring one primary 20 MHz channel as well as a secondary adjacent channel spaced ±20 MHz away. The primary channel is used for communications with clients incapable of 40 MHz mode. When in 40 MHz mode, the center frequency is actually the mean of the primary and secondary channels.
Local regulations may restrict certain channels from operation. For example, Channels 12 and 13 are normally unavailable for use as either a primary or secondary channel in North America. For further information, see List of WLAN channels.
Wi-Fi Alliance.
As of mid-2007, the Wi-Fi Alliance started certifying products based on IEEE 802.11n draft 2.0. This certification program established a set of features and a level of interoperability across vendors supporting those features, thus providing one definition of 'draft n'. The baseline certification covers both 20 MHz and 40 MHz wide channels, and up to two spatial streams, for maximum throughputs of 144.4 Mbit/s for 20 MHz and 300 Mbit/s for 40 MHz (with short guard interval). A number of vendors in both the consumer and enterprise spaces have built products that have achieved this certification. The Wi-Fi Alliance certification program subsumed the previous industry consortium efforts to define 802.11n, such as the now dormant Enhanced Wireless Consortium (EWC). The Alliance has upgraded its suite of compatibility tests for some enhancements that were finalized after draft 2.0. Furthermore, it has affirmed that all draft-n certified products remain compatible with the products conforming to the final standards. The Wi-Fi Alliance is investigating further work on certification of additional features of 802.11n not covered by the baseline certification, including higher numbers of spatial streams (3 or 4), Greenfield Format, PSMP, implicit and explicit beamforming and space-time block coding.
Timeline.
The following are milestones in the development of 802.11n:

</doc>
<doc id="2854899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854899" title="Tomás N. Alonso">
Tomás N. Alonso

Tomás N. Alonso (1881 – 1962) is a well-known Cebuano Visayan writer. He published the first complete Cebuano translation of Jose Rizal's "El filibusterismo". He also translated the "Mi último adiós". He was a columnist with "Bag-ong Suga" and editor of the Spanish publication "La opinión".

</doc>
<doc id="2854901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854901" title="Francisco Alvarado">
Francisco Alvarado

Francisco Alvarado is a noted playwright of zarzuela in Lineyte-Samarnon (Waray). He was a member and literary luminary of the Sanghiran san Binisaya organization which was founded in 1909 to cultivate the Waray language.

</doc>
<doc id="2854904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854904" title="Uldarico A. Alviola">
Uldarico A. Alviola

Uldarico A. Alviola (1883–1966) was a Filipino Visayan novelist, one of the most important Cebuano language writers. His pseudonyms included Artagnan, Sikatuna, and M. Anabell.Also a distinguished lexicographer who made numerous claims on the origins of words, he was the editor of "Ang Suga Magazine in Cebu Normal University", and several other Spanish language publications.
In 1962 he received the LUDABI award for his contributions to Cebuano culture. He was also once a Deputy Governor of Cebu, one of the provinces of the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="2854906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854906" title="Secretariat of Economy">
Secretariat of Economy

In Mexico, the Ministry of Economy (Spanish: "Secretaría de Economía"; abbreviated "SE") is the government department in charge of economic affairs. The Ministry of Economy is a member of the federal executive cabinet appointed by the President of the Republic.
Until 2000 the name of the Department of Economy was "Secretaría de Comercio y Fomento Industrial" (Secretariat of Commerce and Industrial Development; abbreviated "SECOFI") but that name was changed when Vicente Fox took over the presidency of the republic.
The Minister of Economy is Ildefonso Guajardo Villarreal.

</doc>
<doc id="2854912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854912" title="Trebizond Gospel">
Trebizond Gospel

Trebizond Gospel, ℓ "243" (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Byzantine illuminated manuscript with the text of Gospel Lectionary, dating palaeographically to the 11th century with 15 parchment leaves (33 by 36.5 cm) from the 10th century or earlier.
Description.
The text is written in two columns per page, 18 lines per page in uncial letters. It contains 15 pictures. 
The book was richly decorated with gold and jewels by the Trapezuntine Emperor Andronicus. In 1858, the "Trebizond Gospel" was presented by the Orthodox Metropolitan of Trebizond to the Emperor Alexander II of Russia, who donated it to the Russian National Library, where is held to the present day (Codex Gr. 21, 21a).
It was examined and described by Eduard de Muralt.
The manuscript is not cited in the critical editions of the Greek New Testament (UBS3), because of its small textual value.

</doc>
<doc id="2854914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854914" title="Trice">
Trice

Trice or TrICE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854918" title="Phillips Lord">
Phillips Lord

Phillips Haynes Lord (July 13, 1902 – October 19, 1975) was an American radio program writer, creator, producer and narrator as well as a motion picture actor, best known for the "Gang Busters" radio program that was broadcast from 1935 to 1957.
Early life.
Lord was born in the small town of Hartford, Vermont, the son of a Protestant clergyman. He was still an infant when his family moved to Meriden, Connecticut, where his father accepted the pastorship of a local church. As a boy, Lord spent his summers with relatives in Maine and after completing high school, he studied at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, before going to Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine. While still in college he established myriad businesses including a book-selling operation, a shoe repair service, and a taxi cab company.
After graduation, the 22-year-old was hired as the principal at the high school in the small town of Plainville, Connecticut, reportedly the youngest person in the United States to ever hold such a position. He soon grew bored with the job and headed to New York where, after a series of jobs in publishing, he began writing scripts for radio.
The Seth Parker years.
Lord was still in his twenties and living in New York City when he became a national radio personality. Creating the character "Seth Parker", a clergyman and backwoods philosopher based on his real-life grandfather, Hosea Phillips, Lord wrote stories for radio of rural New England humor that included the playing of old time songs. On his own initiative, he communicated with several stations across the U.S. and sold them scripts he labeled as ""Seth Parker's Singing School"". An instant hit, Lord was soon contacted by NBC Radio who contracted to buy scripts for a show to run six days a week that NBC called ""Sunday Evening at Seth Parker's"".
This was followed by other magazine publications who acquired his scripts and before long Lord was earning close to $100,000 a year. Not limited in his scope, during this time he wrote other successful radio programs that were designed to conclude after a specific number of episodes were broadcast. Lord's growing popularity resulted in his publishing two books in 1930 titled "Seth Parker's Album" and "Seth Parker's Hymnal" that led to the release of 78rpm gospel records by the "Phillips Lord Trio". Lord and the radio show gained a wide audience and the September 1931 issue of "The American Magazine" had a feature article on him under the heading: "At 29 He Has Made a Million Friends".
In 1932, Lord published a book titled "Seth Parker & His Jonesport Folks: Way Back Home" from which he also wrote a stage play titled "Seth Parker's Jonesport Folks; an entertainment in two acts". The book was published to coincide with the release of his 1932 motion picture produced by RKO Radio Pictures Inc. who used the shorter title from the book, "Way Back Home". Starring opposite Bette Davis, Lord was billed as "Seth Parker, Preacher". Because the radio program was unknown in England, the motion picture was released there with the title "Old Greatheart".
In 1933, Lord came up with the idea of buying a sailing ship and broadcasting his show via short-wave radio while sailing to exotic places around the world with a team of celebrities. LHe purchased the 188-foot, 867-ton four masted schooner "Georgette", which he renamed "Seth Parker". Its masts were 125 feet tall. Much promotional material was released in advance of the adventure including that Mr. Eugene Nohl would be bringing the "Hell Below", a diving shell to be used for undersea exploration. Equipped with the necessary under-water photographic equipment donated by the Pathé film studios, the hype surrounding the voyage promised that Eugene Nohl would photograph "the sunken civilizations of the South Seas Islands, of its deep marine life and formations" and of course "search for sunken treasure and bring back film of shipwrecks".
Sponsored by the Frigidaire appliance company, in December 1933 the schooner "Seth Parker" set sail for the South Pacific via the Panama Canal. Departing from Portland, Maine, the ship docked at various ports along the eastern seaboard such as Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Jacksonville, Florida, from where they broadcast their short wave radio program that was retransmitted by NBC. For the listening public, this was a grand adventure by a group of wholesome Americans led by the creator of Rev. Seth Parker. However, the broadcasts revealed a bit of the frivolity behind the scenes of a voyage filled with wine, women and the kind of songs that were not found in any Seth Parker hymnal. In February 1935, disaster struck in the form of a tropical storm off the coast of American Samoa. The ship was severely damaged to the point where the expedition had to be abandoned which spelled the end of the radio program. Despite everything, the shortened expedition proved immensely popular with the listening audience and the Frigidaire company promoted a 32-page illustrated booklet called "Aboard the Seth Parker" to publicize the voyage and as an advertisement for Frigidaire equipment on the ship. The schooner was eventually sold and its new owner managed to sail it to Coconut Island in Kane`ohe Bay, O`ahu, Hawaii, where it was permanently anchored for use as a bar and movie theater by Fleischmann Yeast heir, Christian Holmes II. It can be seen in the 1948 Republic Pictures movie "Wake of the Red Witch" starring John Wayne and Gail Russell. In 1999, broadcast historian Elizabeth McLeod listed the "Cruise of the Seth Parker" as one of the top 100 old-time radio moments of the 20th century.
The Gang Busters era.
After returning from his sailing adventure, Lord immediately set about writing and creating a new radio program. He switched from the kindly Seth Parker persona to a dark and ominous narrator's voice for his "Gang Busters" program, billed as "The Crime Fighters of American Broadcasting". A law enforcement reality series using authentic case histories, during the 1930s the program was hosted by Col. H. Norman Schwarzkopf and featured various actors such as Art Carney. The thirty-minute program ran on Wednesday nights at 10:00 p.m. on CBS radio and opened with the portentous sounds of machine gun fire, police whistles screaming and tires screeching, causing the phrase "coming on like gangbusters" to be coined. Copied years later by the television show "America's Most Wanted", each episode of "Gang Busters" had up-to-the-minute reports of criminals wanted by the FBI or other law enforcement officials, many of whom were later arrested due to tips from listeners. To accomplish this, Lord hired actor/writer/civil servant Helen Sioussat (1902-1995) who later became the head of the Talks and Public Affairs Department at CBS. Such was the influence of Lord that Sioussat was given a Washington D.C. office next to J. Edgar Hoover at the Justice Department where she was allowed access to official information from files upon which the radio series was based.
The "Gang Busters" radio show was an enormous long-running success with 1,008 radio broadcasts over twenty-one years from July 20, 1935, to November 20, 1957. It also spawned a long-running DC Comics comic book of the same name, and was the basis for a motion picture with the same title, as well as a half-hour weekly television series in 1952, both of which were narrated by Lord. In 1954, several episodes of the television series were used to create another documentary-style motion picture of the same title. The film proved successful enough that a second was put together in 1957 from more of the old television episodes and released under the title "Guns Don't Argue". In 1998, "Gang Busters" was part of the 30-hour audio cassette called "CBS's 60 Greatest Old-Time Radio Shows".
Other accomplishments.
Among his numerous other radio creations, with World War II and the Battle of Britain raging in Europe, between December 1939 and August 1940 Lord produced a radio show about aviators that opened with an interview of a real-life pilot recounting an exciting adventure in the air after which the show moved to a dramatization played by radio actors. From 1939 to 1952, he produced "Mr. District Attorney", a 30-minute crime show inspired by the real-life exploits of New York's racket-busting district attorney, Thomas Dewey. The radio broadcast spawned a 1941 motion picture from Republic Pictures of the same name and a 1947 Columbia Pictures production.
Lord's contribution to the radio industry was recognized with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6912 Hollywood Blvd. He died in 1975 in Ellsworth, Maine. In 2004, his story was told by author Martin Grams, Jr. in the book "Gang Busters: The Crime Fighters of American Broadcasting".
Phillips Lord was also instrumental in raising awareness and money for the restoration of the USS Constitution.
In later years, he retired to a home he built in Surry, Maine and developed "The Gatherings" Campground nearby, and it is still extant today. Additionally, it is also known as The Gatherings Family CampGround, and the locals just call it "The Gatherings".
Marriages and Children.
Philipps Lord's 1st wife was Sophia Mecorney, and they had 2 children, Jean Phillips Lord & Patricia Ann Lord. They were divorced sometime after the 2nd child was born. After her marriage to Phillips Lord she acted in the role of Lizzy Peters in his Seth Parker radio show in the 1930s, and appeared in the Seth Parker movie, "Way Back Home" as Lizzie, which also starred Bette Davis.
Phillips Lord married Donnie Boone circa 1942. They had only 1 child, Phillipa Susan Lord. The couple divorced in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="2854919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854919" title="Mesocricetus">
Mesocricetus

Mesocricetus is a genus of Old World hamsters, including the golden hamster or Syrian hamster, the first hamster to be introduced as a domestic pet and still the most popular species for that purpose.
Recent research has shown, unlike almost all other land mammals studied, two species of this genus ("M. auratus" and "M. brandti") lack the capacity for colour vision.

</doc>
<doc id="2854921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854921" title="Sydney Stadium">
Sydney Stadium

The Sydney Stadium was a sporting and entertainment venue in Sydney, New South Wales, which formerly stood on the corner of New South Head Road and Neild Avenue, Rushcutters Bay. The venue was built in 1908 on the site of a former Chinese market garden leased by boxing promoter Hugh Donald Macintosh.
Macintosh originally built a temporary open-air stadium to promote a World heavyweight boxing championship title fight between Canadian world heavyweight champion Tommy Burns and Australian champion Bill "Boshter" Squires on 24 August 1908, which Burns won by a knockout in the 13th Round. It also hosted the biggest sporting event in Australia's history up till then, where over 20,000 crammed in the stadium on 26 December 1908 to see Tommy Burns fight the African-American Jack Johnson. This fight captivated the world because it was the first time that a 'black' man fought for the prestigious World Heavyweight Boxing Championship, with Johnson winning to take the title.
A hexagon-shaped permanent building with a roof was built some distance away from the temporary structure in 1911, with raked wooden seats facing towards the central stage. The venue seated between 10,000 and 12,000 people. It colloquially became known by performers as "The Old Tin Shed" (from the mid-1960s). It was mainly used as a venue for boxing matches until the mid-1900s. From 1954 onwards it was frequently used to host concerts by visiting overseas performers—notably the groundbreaking "The Big Show" package tours promoted by expatriate American entrepreneur Lee Gordon—as it was the only large-capacity indoor venue in Sydney at that time. It was also notable as the venue for the Sydney concerts performed by The Beatles during their 1964 Australian tour. Hollywood Legend, Judy Garland also preformed there of her infamous 1964 tour of Australia.
The Sydney Stadium was demolished in 1970 to make way for the Eastern Suburbs Railway. Its former site is now marked by a commemorative plaque, which is on little Weigall at Sydney Grammar School Edgecliff Preparatory.
Exhibition.
The Museum of Sydney held a major exhibition, The Wild Ones, about the Sydney Stadium. The exhibition started on 22 September 2012 and finished on the 10 March 2013. It looked at the origins of the Stadium as well as the fights, performers, wrestling, fans and Roller derby among other topics.

</doc>
<doc id="2854926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854926" title="Barabai">
Barabai

Barabai is the capital city of Hulu Sungai Tengah Regency, South Kalimantan, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="2854927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854927" title="John McSweeney">
John McSweeney

John McSweeney is a musician and recording artist who has achieved relative popularity in Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom. His album sales have netted him a Double Platinum, a Double Gold, and a Gold certifications.
McSweeney can play several instruments in addition to the guitar, such as the clarinet, saxophone, fiddle, and drums. McSweeney has won the Queensland Country Entertainer Of The Year award ten times, and is noted to have given up his next nomination so that another performer could fill his place. 
McSweeney also is known for his impersonations for such musical personalities as Willie Nelson, the Bee Gees, and Louis Armstrong.

</doc>
<doc id="2854928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854928" title="Irving Zola">
Irving Zola

Irving Kenneth Zola (1935–1994) was an internationally known activist and writer in the fields of medical sociology and disability rights. He was a founding member of the Society for Disability Studies and the first editor of "Disability Studies Quarterly". He also was a founding member and counselor at the Boston Self-Help Center.
His best-known book, which first came out in 1982, is "Missing Pieces: A Chronicle of Living With a Disability". It has recently been reissued.
The Dr. Irving Kenneth Zola Collection, a repository of most of Zola's works, can be found at The Samuel Gridley Howe Library at Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts. Zola had taught at Brandeis since 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="2854930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854930" title="Frederick Smyth">
Frederick Smyth

Frederick Smyth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2854931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854931" title="Stanley Lewis">
Stanley Lewis

Stanley Lewis is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2854934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854934" title="Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat">
Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat

Peasant Woman Against a Background of Wheat is an 1890 painting by Vincent van Gogh. Van Gogh went on to paint several versions of this painting.
The painting has changed hands several times.
In 1997, Stephen Wynn paid $47.5 million for the painting.
On October 7, 2005, it was announced that Stephen Wynn had sold the painting along with Gauguin's "Bathers" to Steven A. Cohen for more than $100 million.

</doc>
<doc id="2854939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854939" title="Parks and open spaces in Waltham Forest">
Parks and open spaces in Waltham Forest

The London Borough of Waltham Forest is an Outer London borough. The Borough manages over 500 acres (2 km²) of open space; also within the boundaries are parts of Epping Forest; and a series of reservoirs alongside the River Lea. The main areas of open space are as follows; there are also many smaller recreation and sports grounds:
Highams Park, Hollow Ponds, Leyton Flats and Wanstead Flats are all part of Epping Forest which stretches from Manor Park in the south to Epping in the North. The boundary of the London Borough of Waltham Forest crosses the Forest by Connaught Waters, a popular beauty spot. The Borough also includes Chingford Plain and the historic Queen Elizabeth's Hunting Lodge in Chingford.
Ainslie Wood is the borough's only Local Nature Reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="2854943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854943" title="Helena Bergström">
Helena Bergström

Helena Bergström (born 5 February 1964) is a Swedish actress.
The granddaughter of legendary Swedish actor Olof Widgren and the daughter of Hans Bergström (director) and Kerstin Widgren (actress). Bergström is married to Colin Nutley and is known for playing the female lead in many of his films. Being one of Sweden’s most highly acclaimed stage actresses she has played the lead part in plays like "Miss Julie", "Twelfth Night", "Pygmalion", "Piaf", "A Dolls House", the part of Hamlet in "Hamlet", "Medea", Blanche in "A Streetcar Named Desire", and Sally Bowles in Stockholm City Theatre’s production of "Cabaret".
Despite being born into a theatrical family, Bergström's childhood dream was to work with animals. Aged 15, she travelled to Mississippi in the US as an exchange student and lived there for a year. During this time, she became fascinated with the theatre and decided that the stage was her calling. Back in Sweden, she won a part in a TV series but failed in her first attempt to achieve a place at stage school. Thanks to tuition from Margreth Weivers, she succeeded on her third attempt in 1985.
On graduating from the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting in 1988, she worked at both the Dramaten Theatre and the Stockholm City Theatre. Her breakthrough came with the film "1939" in 1989. Colin Nutley spotted her on a poster for the film "Women on the roof" "Kvinnorna på taket" (1989) and gave her the leading role in his film "Blackjack" (1990). She was also the obvious choice for his film "Änglagård" (1992) as well as its sequel "House of Angels – the Second Summer".
At the 29th Guldbagge Awards she won the award for Best Actress for the films "Sista dansen" and "The Ferris Wheel".
In 1998 she played the part of Astrid in the English production "Still Crazy" which was to be followed by Colin Nutley’s Oscar-nominated "Under the Sun" - a film that also received the Special Jury Prize at the San Sebastian Film Festival "for the quality of its acting".
Winner of several awards including Best Actress at the Swedish Film Awards, the Montreal Film Festival and the 1995 Istanbul Film Festival for her performance in Nutley’s "The Last Dance".
In 2007 she made her directorial debut with "Mind the Gap" (Se upp för dårarna).
Bergström hosted Melodifestivalen 2012 along with Gina Dirawi and Sarah Dawn Finer.
Bergström has two children, a son and a daughter (actress Molly Nutley), with Nutley.

</doc>
<doc id="2854945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854945" title="Christopher Chavasse">
Christopher Chavasse

Christopher Maude Chavasse, OBE, MC, TD (9 November 1884 – 10 March 1962) was a British athlete, soldier and religious leader. He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, served in the First World War and was later the Bishop of Rochester.
Early life.
Chavasse was the son of Francis Chavasse, a Bishop of Liverpool and founder of St Peter's College, Oxford and his wife Ethel Maude. His twin brother, Noel Godfrey Chavasse, won the Victoria Cross and bar. Christopher was the elder of the two by 20 minutes. The twins had two other brothers and three sisters.
Both Christopher and Noel Chavasse attended Trinity College, Oxford, competing in both rugby and athletics. They competed on the British team at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London: Christopher came second in his preliminary heat of the 400 metres shortly after Noel came third in his heat of the same event. Neither advanced to the semi-finals.
Military service.
During World War I, Chavasse served as a Chaplain in the Royal Army Chaplains' Department of the British Army. On 15 August 1916, he was promoted from Chaplain to the Forces 4th Class (equivalent to Captain) to Chaplain to the Forces 3rd Class (equivalent to Major). On 30 September 1918, he was promoted to Chaplain to the Forces 2nd Class (equivalent to Lieutenant Colonel).
Career.
After the First World War, Chavasse rose through the ranks of the Church of England. He was nominated Bishop of Rochester on 19 March 1940, consecrated on 25 April the same year and served in that position until his resignation on 30 September 1960.
In 1948, a sermon given by Chavasse about Belshazzar's Feast was featured as a religious short film produced by J. Arthur Rank.
In 1943 Chavasse was chairman of the Archbishops' Commission on Evangelism which published the controversial report "Towards the conversion of England". In accordance with his hope for mass evangelisation, in 1955 Chavasse supported the Crusade of Billy Graham at Harringay Arena.
Chavasse gave his views on homosexuality informally to the Wolfenden Committee, disagreeing with the eventual proposal of the committee to allow same-sex relationships to be legal in private, and arguing that "homosexual practice is alarmingly catching".
He served as the first Master of St Peter's College, Oxford upon its founding in 1929 by his father. He was succeeded in 1940 by Julian Thornton-Duesbery. He also served briefly as an original Trustee of the college upon its incorporation in 1961.
Personal life.
Chavasse married Beatrice Willink shortly after the First World War, in July 1919. They had three sons: Noel, their eldest son named in honour of his uncle Noel Godfrey Chavasse, Michael and John, and two daughters, Anna and Susan.
Honours and decorations.
Chavasse was awarded the Military Cross (MC) during World War I. His citation, published in the London Gazette dating 25 August 1917, read:
He was also awarded the Croix de Guerre (1914–1918) by the Republic of France 'for distinguished services rendered during the course of the campaign'. Chavasse's other World War I decorations included the 1914 Star with clasp, the British War Medal, and the Victory Medal.
In the 1936 King's Birthday Honours, he was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in its Military Division. In 1937, he was awarded the King George VI Coronation Medal.
On 31 January 1941, he was awarded the Efficiency Decoration (TD) for long service in the Territorial Army. In June 1946, he was appointed Chaplain of the Venerable Order of Saint John (CStJ). On 18 March 1959, he was commissioned as a Deputy Lieutenant (DL) by the Lord Lieutenant of Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="2854947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854947" title="Ilya Bryzgalov">
Ilya Bryzgalov

Ilya Nikolayevich Bryzgalov ((; born June 22, 1980) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected in the second round of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, 44th overall, by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim.
In 2006–07 NHL season, Bryzgalov won the Stanley Cup with the Anaheim Ducks. Internationally, he has earned a Bronze Medal with Russia at the 2002 Winter Olympics, and a Silver Medal at the 2000 World Junior Championships. Ilya also competed in the 2004 World Cup of Hockey, and is a 3-time Olympian. He helped Team Russia as starting goaltender win back to back Gold Medals at the 2009 World Ice Hockey Championships, making them ranked number one in the world. He was also runner-up for the Vezina Trophy and a top 5 finalist for the Hart Trophy in the 2009–10 NHL season.
Playing career.
Early years and Anaheim tenure.
Bryzgalov started his professional career in his native Russia, splitting the 1999–2000 season between Spartak Moscow of the Russian Supreme League (RSL-2) and Lada Togliatti of the Russian Superleague (RSL). Bryzgalov played two seasons with Lada Togliatti, before joining the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, who had drafted him in the second round, 44th overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
However, with Jean-Sébastien Giguère and Martin Gerber ahead of him in the club's depth chart, Bryzgalov spent the better part of his first four seasons in North America with the Cincinnati Mighty Ducks of the American Hockey League (AHL). He made his Mighty Ducks debut in 2001–02, playing in his first of two games during that four-season stretch.
With the departure of backup Gerber, Bryzgalov took over behind Giguère in 2005–06 season. However, injuries to the Ducks starter allowed Bryzgalov to play more games than he otherwise would have and he responded to the challenge with a 13–12–1 record with a 2.51 goals against average (GAA) and .910 save percentage. In the subsequent playoffs, Bryzgalov made three starts and one relief appearance for the Ducks in their first-round series against the Calgary Flames. In Game One, he filled in for an injured Giguère, taking a 2–1 overtime loss. He relieved Giguère once more in Game 5 and stopped all 19 shots he faced in a 3–2 loss. He then took over the starting job for Games 6 and 7 of the series, winning 2–1 in Game 6 and recording a shutout in the decisive Game 7. Moving past the Flames, Bryzgalov then recorded 5–0 and 3–0 shutouts in the first two games of the second series against the Colorado Avalanche for three consecutive shutouts. He tied Frank McCool's 1945 playoff record for most consecutive shutouts by a rookie and passed Giguère, who had recorded consecutive shutouts in 2003 for the third longest playoff shutout streak of all time. Despite his success in the first two rounds, Bryzgalov struggled in the semi-finals against the Edmonton Oilers and was eventually replaced by Giguère for the rest of the series as the Ducks were eliminated in five games.
Bryzgalov continued to play backup to Giguere the following season and into the 2007 playoffs. Bryzgalov made comments regarding Anaheim Ducks coach Randy Carlyle, saying he believed Carlyle has no confidence in him. However, he briefly took over as the starter for the first four games of the Western Conference quarter-finals, winning three games, as Giguère took a leave of absence with personal issues. Bryzgalov came in for relief in the Western Conference finals against the Detroit Red Wings, but remained on the bench as the Ducks went on to defeat the Ottawa Senators in the Finals in five games to win the franchise's first Stanley Cup.
Phoenix Coyotes.
With the re-signing of Giguère to a four-year contract in the off-season and the acquisition of Jonas Hiller from Switzerland, the Ducks attempted to trade Bryzgalov, but were unable to. General manager Brian Burke claimed he had a deal worked out at the 2007 NHL Entry Draft, but could not finish it. As a result, on November 16, 2007, Bryzgalov was placed on waivers and claimed by the Phoenix Coyotes the following day on November 17. In his first game with the team that same day, Bryzgalov made 27 saves for his 3rd career shutout in a 1–0 win over the Los Angeles Kings. Phoenix promptly signed him to a three-year contract extension and he went on to record 26 wins in 55 games for the Coyotes as they battled for a playoff spot, establishing himself as the club's starting goaltender.
Bryzgalov again recorded 26 wins for the Coyotes during the 2008–09 NHL season, though the Coyotes did not qualify for the playoffs. But the 2009–10 NHL season would be a different story for Bryzgalov and the Coyotes, who would qualify for the playoffs for the first time since 2002 on the back of Bryzgalov's 42 victories. The fourth seeded Coyotes would face-off against the veteran Detroit Red Wings in the Western Conference Quarter Finals. The series proved to be a see-saw battle that eventually saw Detroit prevail in seven games. Bryzgalov averaged 3.43 goals against per game during the series.
Despite the uncertainty surrounding the Coyotes during the 2010–11 NHL season, Bryzgalov's 36 wins helped them to the 6th seed in the Western Conference and a return trip to the playoffs. Once again, the Coyotes faced the Red Wings. Despite Bryzgalov's strong play throughout the regular season, he struggled in the playoff rematch with Detroit, averaging 4.36 goals against per game as the Red Wings swept the Coyotes in four straight games. Set to become an unrestricted free agent in the off-season, the Coyotes did not meet Bryzgalov's asking price for a contract extension. On June 6, 2011, Bryzgalov's negotiation rights were traded to the Philadelphia Flyers for a third-round pick in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft, forward Matt Clackson, and future considerations. Bryzgalov averaged 33 victories a season the past four seasons with the Coyotes.
Philadelphia Flyers.
During the previous two seasons, the Flyers had lacked a player who consistently filled the starting goaltender position. The duo of Michael Leighton and Brian Boucher were able to help the team to the 2010 Stanley Cup Finals in place of the injured starter Ray Emery, but neither goaltender held onto the starting position for an extended period of time. Rookie Sergei Bobrovsky was the Flyers starter in the 2010–11 season, but he and Boucher formed another tandem with similar inconsistency, including a dismal playoff for both.
On June 23, 2011, the Flyers signed Bryzgalov to be their new starter, and signed him to a nine-year, $51 million contract. In order to accommodate his contract under the team's salary cap, the Flyers made two high-profile trades an hour before the Bryzgalov signing was first reported, sending Jeff Carter to the Columbus Blue Jackets (for Jakub Voracek, as well as first- and third-round picks in the 2011 draft) and captain Mike Richards to the Los Angeles Kings (for Wayne Simmonds, Brayden Schenn and a second-round pick).
On October 27, 2011, following a 9–8 loss to the Winnipeg Jets, Bryzgalov commented on his own play: "I have zero confidence in myself right now," he said. He also likened himself to somebody "lost in the woods" and that "If you probably throw a ball instead of the puck, I'm not gonna stop it." However, Bryzgalov would quickly rebound by winning six of his next eight games.
He would become well known for his comments regarding the Universe during the filming of HBO's "24/7" series – "Solar system is so humongous big, right? But if you see, the like, our solar system and our galaxy on the like on the side, you know, like, and we’re so small — you can never see it — our galaxy is like huge, but if you see the big picture, our galaxy (is like a) small tiny like dot in Universe. Like, and I think like, ‘And we have some problems here on the Earth we worry about?’ Compared to like ... nothing. Just ... be happy. Don’t worry, be happy right now." His comments have resulted in some good fun, including how when requesting information about the Universe, Siri instead returns information about Bryzgalov, referring to him as "Mr Universe".
Bryzgalov made news when he said he believed that Sergei Bobrovsky would be the starter for the 2012 NHL Winter Classic: "I have great news and even better news. Okay, great news is I'm not playing, and better news is we have a chance to win the game... (I'll) make sure I don't forget my thermos with some nice tea and enjoy the bench," he said. Bobrovsky then started the Winter Classic on January 2, 2012, a 3–2 Flyers loss to the New York Rangers at Citizens Bank Park.
Following a 6–4 loss to Pittsburgh on February 18, 2012, Bryzgalov was quoted as saying, "I know I was frustrated in my game today and I know I have to be better and I will continue to work on this, but ... I will try to find peace in my soul to play in this city."
From March 4, 2012 to March 13, 2012, Bryzgalov recorded 4 shutouts and allowed just 2 goals over a five game span. On March 15, 2012, Bryzgalov set the Flyers all-time record for longest shutout streak, in a game against the New York Islanders.
Bryzgalov was named the NHL's First Star of the Month for March 2012.
On May 8, 2012, the Flyers and Bryzgalov recorded a 3–1 loss to the New Jersey Devils, and were eliminated in the second round of the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs. He recorded a 3.46 goals-against-average combined with an 88.7% save percentage during the playoffs.
On March 2, 2013, he won his 200th career game, in a 2–1 win against Ottawa.
On June 25, 2013, Bryzgalov was informed that the Flyers would use a compliance buyout to buy the remaining seven years on his contract.
Las Vegas Wranglers.
On October 2, 2013, Bryzgalov signed a try out contract with the Las Vegas Wranglers of the ECHL.
According to the ECHL website, Bryzgalov was signed as an emergency backup goaltender by the Las Vegas Wranglers on October 17, 2013.
Edmonton Oilers.
On November 8, 2013, Bryzgalov entered a verbal agreement to sign a one year contract with the Edmonton Oilers. He began on a conditioning assignment with the AHL affiliate of Edmonton, the Oklahoma City Barons, but was finally called up to the Oilers on November 17, 2013.
On November 28, 2013, Bryzgalov made his first start of the season with a 3-0 win over the Nashville Predators, stopping 33 shots. After coming in a relief role the previous night, Bryzgalov posted his 31st career shutout. Coach Dallas Eakins stated after the game, "And he picked up right where he left off last game. I thought he was solid. He looked big in the net, everything. Check marks right across the page for him." Starting goaltender, Devan Dubnyk, sat in as Bryzgalov's backup for the night. However, Bryzgalov was injured only two games later, temporarily halting his bid to supplant Dubnyk to become the Oilers starter. However, Dubnyk was then traded to the Nashville Predators in January, which made Bryzgalov Edmonton's new starter until he was traded.
Minnesota Wild.
On March 4, 2014, Bryzgalov was dealt to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for a fourth-round draft pick.
International play.
Bryzgalov competed for Russia in the 2000 World Junior Championships in Umeå. He recorded a 0.77 GAA in 4 games to help Russia to a silver medal. Later that year, he was named to the Russia's senior team for the 2000 World Championships, where he played in 4 games, but failed to reach the podium. Two years later, he competed for Russia at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City earning bronze. Playing in a backup position, Bryzgalov did not appear in any games. He played in a more expanded role, however, at the 2004 World Cup of Hockey, playing in 240 minutes and recording a 2.34 GAA in 3 games. Bryzgalov received his first international gold medal at the 2009 World Championships, beating Canada in the final.
Personal.
Ilya and his wife, Yevgeniya have a daughter, Valery and son, Vladislav. The family lived in Yorba Linda during Bryzgalov's tenure with the Ducks. He spent five summers attending college in Russia, where he earned his degree, allowing him to teach and coach in Russian school. He reads books and enjoys studying philosophy. He did not emulate anyone in particular as a young goalie, instead focusing on being the best he could be.
Bryzgalov earned attention after a YouTube video was uploaded in 2011 that contained a clip of a post-game interview from 2006, during Bryzgalov's tenure with the Ducks. He was asked a question regarding then-teammate Chris Pronger's joining the Ducks after a rather controversial departure from the Edmonton Oilers. The clip featured in the YouTube video shows him saying, "It's only-it's only game. Why you have to be mad?" The humor from the video came from Bryzgalov's high-pitched Russian accent. Also additive to the comedy was the video title's spelling of "have" as "heff." The clip of the interview also became a meme.
Bryzgalov gained a lot of attention for his appearance in the first episode of 24/7: Road to the Winter Classic in which he famously described the Solar System as "humangous big" while explaining the absurdity of human problems in comparison to the enormousness of the universe. These views are similar to the views expressed by Carl Sagan about the Pale Blue Dot picture.

</doc>
<doc id="2854949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854949" title="MrSID">
MrSID

MrSID (pronounced Mister Sid) is an acronym that stands for "multiresolution seamless image database". It is a file format (filename extension ".sid") developed and patented by LizardTech for encoding of georeferenced raster graphics, such as orthophotos.
MrSID originated as the result of research efforts at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL).
Common uses.
Geographic information systems.
MrSID was originally developed for Geographic Information Systems (GIS). With this format, large raster image files such as aerial photographs or satellite imagery are compressed and can be quickly viewed without having to decompress the entire file.
The MrSID (.sid) format is supported in all major GIS applications such as Goodrich Merlin, ESRI, BAE Systems CoMPASS, ENVI, ERDAS, Autodesk, Bentley Systems, MapInfo, Intergraph and other product lines.
Fingerprints.
According to the Open Source Geospatial Foundation (which releases GDAL), MrSID was developed "under the aegis of the U.S. government for storing fingerprints for the FBI."
Other uses.
In a 1996 entry for the R&D 100 Awards, LANL identified other uses for the format: "it can be used as an efficient method for storing and retrieving photographic archives; it can store and retrieve satellite data for consumer games and educational CD-ROMs; and it is well suited for use in vehicle navigation systems. Moreover, MrSID holds promise for being used in image compression and editing for desktop publishing and nonlinear digital video software."
For certain downloadable images (such as maps), American Memory at the Library of Congress began using MrSID in 1996; in January 2005 it also began using JPEG 2000. Depending on image content and color depth, compression of American Memory maps is typically better with MrSID, which on average achieves a compression ratio of approximately 22:1 versus the 20:1 achieved with JPEG 2000.
Software.
LizardTech offers a software package called GeoExpress to read and write MrSID files. They also provide a free web browser plug-in for the Microsoft Windows operating system. (A Macintosh OS version of this viewer, introduced in 2005, was discontinued.) Most commercial GIS software packages can read MrSID files including those from GE Smallworld, ESRI, Intergraph, Bentley Systems, MapInfo, Safe Software, Autodesk, with ERDAS IMAGINE being able to both read and write MrSID files. GeoExpress can also generate JPEG 2000 (.jp2) data. When combined with LizardTech's Express Server, .sid and .jp2 data can be served quickly to a variety of GIS applications and other client applications either through direct integrations or via WMS (open source).
There is no open source implementation of the MrSID format. Some open source GIS systems can read MrSID files, including MapWindow GIS and those based on GDAL. The Decode Software Development Kit (SDK) is made available as a free download from developer.lizardtech.com. This enables the capability to implement MrSID reading capability in any application.
Some image editing and management software systems can also read MrSID files, including XnView and IrfanView.
Technology.
Encoding.
MrSID technology uses lossless wavelet compression to create an initial image. Then the encoder divides the image into zoom levels, subbands, subblocks and bitplanes. After the initial encoding, the image creator can apply zero or more optimizations. While 2:1 compression ratios may be achieved losslessly, higher compression rates are lossy much like JPEG-compressed data.
Decoding.
MrSID uses selective decoding meaning that the decoder does not have to decode the entire file to view a specific zoom level, image quality or scene for example.

</doc>
<doc id="2854957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854957" title="Walter Poppe">
Walter Poppe

Walter Fritz Rudolf Poppe (8 August 1892 in Kassel - 17 August 1968), born in Kassel, served as a Generalleutnant during the Second World War leading the 59th Infantry Division, subordinate to Georg-Hans Reinhardt's LXXXVIII.Armeekorps.
He had initially joined the army on January 20, 1914, and served as a Leutnant in World War I.
On January 12, 1942, he succeeded Wilhelm Wetzel as command of the 255th Infantry Division between the Eastern Front and France until it was disbanded in October 1943, at which point he succeeded Otto Lasch as command of the 217th Infantry Division on the Eastern Front, until it was also disbanded a month later on November 15.
He participated in Operation Market Garden, leading the 59th Infantry Division where he led his troops across a river crossing between Breskens and Flushing. After the war he was credited as a 'Military Advisor' on the 1974 film A Bridge Too Far even though he had died in 1968.
By war's end, he held command of the 467th Infantry Division.

</doc>
<doc id="2854963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854963" title="Ramindjeri">
Ramindjeri

Ramindjeri are a clan ("lakinyeri" in Ngarrindjeri language) of Australian Aboriginal people forming part of the Kukabrak (since popularised due to 19th-century missionary Rev George Taplin as Ngarrindjeri) people. Ramindjeri land is the most westerly of the Ngarrindjeri, covering the area around Encounter Bay in southern South Australia, including Victor Harbor and Port Elliot, however an ongoing native title dispute asserts a much more extensive territory and other paradigm shifts.
Ramindjeri were amongst, if not the first South Australian Aboriginal people to come into regular contact with Europeans since 1802, with Karta (Kangaroo Island) based sealers raiding Ramindjeri territorial lands for women in the early 19th century, pre-1836 settlement. Ramindjeri men began working as whalers around Encounter Bay in the 1830s.
Territory.
Ramindjeri assert a historical territory including Kangaroo Island and the whole southern portion of the Fleurieu Peninsula, extending as far north as Noarlunga or even the River Torrens. There is no evidence of continual occupation on Kangaroo Island earlier than the complete separation of the island from the mainland 11,000 years ago. Several small sites dated 6,000, 5,200 and 4,300 years have been found but it is unknown whether these belong to visitors or a remnant population. As available technology precludes intentional visits by Aboriginals, a remnant population of up to 200 individuals is the preferred option with the last dying 2,500 years ago. The territory also overlaps a significant portion of the territory claimed by both the neighboring Ngarrindjeri to the east and the Kaurna Native Title Claims Registered respectively 1998 and 2000. Linguistic evidence suggests that the "Aborigines" encountered by Colonel Light at Rapid Bay in 1836 were "Kaurna" speakers. Ramindjeri as "Encounter Bay blacks" were observed holding a full moon ceremony at Onkaparinga by John Bull's 1837 water exploration party, guided by pre-1836 Sealer Nat Thomas.
Ronald and Catherine Berndt's ethnographic study, which was conducted in the 1930s, identified six Kukabrak subsequently described as "Ngarrindjeri" clans, the Ramindjeri lakinyeri occupying the coast from Cape Jervis to a few kilometres south of Adelaide. Berndt posits that the Ramindjeri clans may have expanded along trade routes as the Kaurna were dispossessed by colonists.
Native Title.
Ramindjeri lands have been subject to a native title claim lodged by Ngarrindjeri claimants in 1998, determination of which is ongoing. However in 2009, Ramindjeri spokesman Karno Walker challenged the legitimacy of that claim, claiming the Ramindjeri were the rightful owners of land encompassing much of both the 1998 Ngarrindjeri claim and the 2000 Kaurna claim, and calling the Kaurna and Ngarrindjeri "Johnny-come-latelys". A native title claim was Registered with the Federal Court in 2010, encompassing over of land extending to the River Torrens on the north, Kangaroo Island on the west, and the Murray Mouth on the east. Subsequently, Walker made unofficial claims to land as far north as Tea Tree Gully.
The claim was rejected by the National Native Title Tribunal on 24 March 2011, having failed six of the eleven required preconditions for acceptance, although Walker claimed that eight out of ten had been fulfilled. The Federal Court will hear the case in October 2011.
The native title dispute led some local councils to alter their "Acknowledgement of country" statement prior to meetings. The City of Unley changed their acknowledgement to read "Aboriginal people" instead of "Kaurna", so as not to take sides in the dispute. Kaurna elders branded the move "hurtful".
Victoria Square proposal.
After the Adelaide City Council released a master plan for a $100million redevelopment for Victoria Square, Karno Walker, with architect Michael Thiele and community development consultants Encompass Technology, proposed a Ramindjeri-themed redevelopment at a projected cost of $500million. They claimed it could be funded by private developers in return for parking revenue from a 2000-space underground carpark.

</doc>
<doc id="2854967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854967" title="White Earth River">
White Earth River

White Earth River may be either of two American rivers:

</doc>
<doc id="2854969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854969" title="Warki">
Warki

The Warki are a "lakalinyeri" (tribe) of the Ngarrindjeri Australian Aboriginal people of southern Australia. The Warki's traditional land covered the northern and western shores of Lake Alexandrina.

</doc>
<doc id="2854989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854989" title="The Bathers">
The Bathers

"The Bathers", or in French "Les Baigneuses", can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="2854996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854996" title="Joseph A. Gilmore">
Joseph A. Gilmore

Joseph Albree Gilmore (June 10, 1811 – April 7, 1867) was an American railroad superintendent from Concord, New Hampshire and the Governor of New Hampshire from 1863 to 1865. Gilmore was a member of the New Hampshire Senate, and was its president in 1859.
Early life.
Born in 1811 in Weston, Vermont, Gilmore served two terms as Governor during the Civil War.
Death and burial.
Gilmore died in 1867 in Concord, New Hampshire and is buried at the Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
Gilmore's daughter, Ann was the first wife of Senator William E. Chandler. His son, also named Joseph Gilmore, was a Newton Theological Seminary trained Baptist pastor, and wrote the words to the hymn, "He Leadeth Me," inspired by the 23rd Psalm.

</doc>
<doc id="2854997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854997" title="WKSC-FM">
WKSC-FM

WKSC-FM (103.5 FM) – branded as 103.5 KISS FM –is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station serving the Chicago area. They are owned by Clear Channel Communications. The station is known as "103-5 KISS FM" or simply "103-5". WKSC's main competition is WBBM-FM.
WKSC has studios located at the Illinois Center complex on Michigan Avenue in Downtown Chicago, and it broadcasts from a 4.3kw transmitter atop Willis Tower (the former Sears Tower).
As of November 2013, KISS FM Chicago is the most popular radio station in Chicago with an average of 2.4 million listeners.
History.
1950s - 1973.
WKSC-FM signed on as WKFM on December 19, 1957, and was owned by Frank Kovas, Jr. The original location of WKFM was at 188 West Randolph, with the transmitter located on the top of the tower. On February 2, 1970, the transmitter fell about 30 stories off the building, but, according to Gary Deeb in the Chicago Sun-Times, no one was injured.
The original station operated from 7am until midnight. It played a mix of "semi-classical" and beautiful music. It was a competitor to the "beautiful music" stations of its day, like WFMF, WCLM and WFMQ.
Announcers included Bob Burns, Bob Longbons, Wendell Poe, Dick Lawrence, Ned Jaus, and Bill Jurek.
Sponsors included "The House of Menna" (an expensive furniture store).
WKFM had a "high brow" kind of sound with announcers and pauses between the songs. There were several newscasts daily. The music had several "moods" through the day: it was more upbeat in the morning and more strings at night, and every program had a "theme song." "Rendezvous with Rhythm" was the title of the afternoon drive program. Though WEFM, the Zenith owned Classical station, was the first station to broadcast in stereo, WKFM was the first to broadcast in stereo 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The evening program was known as a good place to really hear stereo-recorded music, featuring lots of "Command" label stereo records.
According to Broadcasting Magazine, when Kovas sold WKFM to RKO in 1971, it brought the most money ever paid for an FM radio station to that date ($1 million).
RKO, the new owner, changed the call letters to WFYR in March 1973 (the letters "FYR" was a reference to the famous Great Chicago Fire), installed a Schafer automation system, and for two years, used the Drake-Chenault format "Solid Gold Rock and Roll". Later, the Drake format was dumped for live jocks playing oldies.
WFYR also did a "Saturday Night Oldies Dance" from a downtown hotel and RKO eventually operated "The FYR Station," an oldies dance club.
1973—80s: Early RKO years.
By 1975, WFYR had flipped to an adult top 40 format, playing the music of the '60s through current hits.
By the early 1980s, WFYR shifted its focus to '60s and '70s oldies, along with some current music and a moderate amount of pre-1960s oldies. They were marketed at that point as an adult contemporary radio station. On weekends, they had "oldies weekends" featuring songs from the '50s and '60s.
In 1984, the new WJMK signed at the 104.3 frequency with a format of oldies similar to WFYR, but with more 1955-64 oldies and some current songs. By 1988, WJMK was strictly '50s and '60s and very early '70s oldies. WFYR stayed the course playing hits from 1964-1985 with very little currents and pre-64 songs. By 1989, however, WFYR had begun to drop in the ratings. They then dropped the currents and late '80s songs all together, continuing as a '60s and '70s oldies station.
WFYR was sold to Summit Broadcasting in 1989 due to the FCC's action against RKO General forcing the company to end their broadcasting operations due to their past dishonest business practices. On October 29, 1989, WFYR's oldies format and DJs were abruptly dropped and replaced with a "soft AC" format.
1990s: Format change to rock.
103.5 The Blaze.
In early 1991, WFYR was sold by its parent company Summit Communications to Major Broadcasting of Chicago. Major, a newer company, had success with a high-energy hard rock format in Salt Lake City at KBER-FM. With alternative rock stations WKQX (Q101) and WXRT, talk/comedy WLUP, and classic rock WCKG, there was a need for a straightforward rock station. On March 29, 1991, at 6 PM, the station went dark. At 4 PM the following day, the station returned to the air with a 44-hour stunt of "Rock Rock ('Til You Drop)" by Def Leppard. At Noon on April 1, the station "snuffed the fire and stoked The Blaze!" "103-5 The Blaze" featured acts such as Skid Row, Billy Squier, Ratt, Ozzy Osbourne, Slaughter and other hard rock and quasi-metal bands. With the change, the call letters became WWBZ on April 19. The abandoned WFYR call letters eventually came back into use in downstate Peoria's 97.3 FM "River Country".
The initial on-air staff consisted of Steven Craig in the mornings, Steve Seaver in middays, Brian Kelly in afternoons, music director Kevin Lewis and Leslie Harris at night, as well as several personalities from WFYR and some new hires, including Jimmy Novak, Brad Jeffries, "Major Tom" Johnson, Scott Childers, Todd Maverick and Ryan (Cherry) Meiers. In addition to the Blaze DJs, helicopter reporter Major Tom was a hit with listeners with his irreverent morning and afternoon traffic updates. Tom also buzzed a Jonathon Brandmeier remote in Lincoln Park which was live on "The Loop", WLUP. When Brandmeier figured out what was going on, he went to a commercial. 1992 brought "Blazefest", a rock memorabilia show and concert at the Odeum Expo Center in Villa Park, with bands such as Kiss, Saigon Kick and Warrant.
Rock 103.5.
In December 1993, Major sold the station to Evergreen Media, parent company of WLUP (97.9 FM) and WMVP (1000 AM). Glam rock had started to run its course, and Major made a minor sum on the sale. (They moved into television, producing "The Mort Downey Show," and continued radio with syndicated formats.) Evergreen retained the rock format, and the "Blaze" name was kept until late June, when the station began stunting with a variety of music genres, as well as promoting a feedback phone number for listeners to call, and taking occasional potshots at other Chicago stations, mostly at B96, WCKG, Q101, and The Loop. At Noon on July 1, the station relaunched as "Rock 103-5," featuring a commercial free "A-Z" kickoff during the July 4th weekend. On July 28, the station changed call letters to WRCX.
Musically, the station added more alternative-type bands such as Collective Soul and Red Hot Chili Peppers into its existing library, and morphed into a current-heavy AOR or active rock format. Mancow Muller was added to mornings and soon began receiving the highest ratings on the station. Other airstaff for the station included Jo Robinson, Terry Gibson, Eddie Webb, Ned Spindle, Sludge, Scott Loftus, Scott Struber, Freak, and Chris Payne (who later went on to WKQX). "Blazefest" was changed to "Rockstock", and continued to be a very popular concert series, virtually selling out every show. The station was also well known for heavily promoting Metallica. In February 1996, sister station WYNY in New York simulcasted WRCX for a day as part of a week-long stunt of simulcasting sister stations nationwide before flipping formats to rhythmic adult contemporary as WKTU.
Evergreen owned WRCX until 1997, when they merged with Chancellor Media. On June 26, 1998, Mancow Muller left WRCX and joined WKQX on July 27 (a station he previously talked badly about on a regular basis). By then, WLUP had been sold to Bonneville and returned to a rock format with a lean on harder-edged classic rock, and WKQX was becoming musically closer to WRCX, mixing a moderate amount of active rock. This led to a deterioration in WRCX's ratings.
1998: The end of the rock format, and "Chicago's Jammin' Oldies".
103.5 The Beat (1998–2001).
With Mancow's morning ratings lead-in gone (Bob & Tom were briefly aired on WRCX after his departure), Chancellor announced at 5 PM on October 29, 1998, that WRCX would flip formats. After a 24-hour countdown re-airing station memories, and a final goodbye from the station's departing staff on October 30, the station continued its rock format (albeit without jocks) until 5:30 PM on November 2, when, while playing "Sad But True" by Metallica, the song gradually slowed down before the station flipped to the
new "Jammin' Oldies" format, branded first as "The New 103-5", then (after a "name the station" contest) as "103-5 The Beat". The first song on "The New 103-5" was "Get Ready" by The Temptations. On December 21, WRCX changed their call letters to WUBT. Musically, the format featured '60s Motown, '70s and '80s soul and disco, '80s dance, and rhythmic pop hits from the '70s and '80s. It was marketed as "Chicago's Jammin' Oldies" and "Not Your Father's Oldies Station." Chancellor merged with Capstar in 1999, becoming known as AMFM Inc. Radio legend Doug James did mornings on the station. The most well-known personality on WUBT was Larry Lujack. Lujack was hired out of retirement by program director Jay Beau Jones. Lujack had been off the air for many years, but was still very well known in the market. Lujack did his Saturday show from his home in New Mexico while his co-host, Matt McCann, was in the Chicago studio. Lujack's show out performed the rest of the station, which, while it received a ratings boost after the flip, was doing very poor in the ratings about a year afterwards.
2000s: Merger with Clear Channel.
KISS 103.5 (2001–02).
In 2000, Clear Channel and AMFM Inc. merged, making 103.5 a Clear Channel station. With the exception of Los Angeles, Clear Channel was not interested in keeping the "Jammin Oldies" format in any of their markets, and flipped each "Jammin" station one by one in 2001. On January 12, 2001, during the morning show, the morning DJ announced 103.5 would flip to CHR as "Kiss 103.5". Following the end of the morning show, "103.5 The Beat" broadcast without DJs until 4 PM when, after "Last Dance" by Donna Summer came to an end, the change to CHR (Top 40) as "Kiss 103.5" took place. The first song on "Kiss" was "Get Ready for This" by 2 Unlimited. The station's call letters became the current WKSC-FM on February 13. At the time of the flip, Big City Radio's WKIE, WKIF, and WDEK had collectively been known as "92 Kiss FM" (also with a CHR format) since 1998. Clear Channel issued a cease and desist to Big City for the use of the "Kiss" name because Clear Channel owns the rights to it in most markets. WKSC's playlist was more rhythmic than WKIE, and the station was heavily voice tracked and automated. Mornings were handled by KIIS's afternoon host Valentine. Overnights were locally voice-tracked by Craig Carson (also known as Matt Wright), who had most recently held the afternoon spot for the previous "Beat" format. Middays were held by Gary Spears of KIIS (later Randi West of Kiss 107 FM in Cincinnati), and afternoons were locally-hosted with Zurek (formerly Rick Party of WGCI-FM). Evenings were also hosted locally by Pyke. Weekends included syndicated Rick Dees (which was dropped from the station at the end of 2004) and American Top 40, first with Casey Kasem, and later with Ryan Seacrest.
103.5 KISS FM (2002–present).
In the fall of 2001, WKSC began leaning more rhythmic, though it still reports as mainstream. On November 19, 2001, Java Joel was hired to do evenings as "The Rubber Room". The show featured wacky stunts, parodies, and interviews. In September 2002, the station adjusted its slogan from "KISS 103.5" to "103.5 KISS FM" and later that year, Scott Tyler replaced Rick Party in afternoons and Nikki replaced Randi West's voicetracks in middays. In early 2003, Valentine was replaced by former San Antonio host DreX. In late 2004, Scott Tyler was released for allegedly making a negative comment toward DreX and moved to KDWB Minneapolis for nights. He was replaced by Nikki (the midday host) and middays were handled by alternating Rod Phillips and Jeff Murray (also known as Smash).
On January 11, 2005, Java Joel was fired from the station for a comment that was deemed racist by one vocal black listener. He was replaced by Mack. The midday position was filled later in 2005 by Atom Smasher. After a year, Atom Smasher was replaced by Kiss FM Music Director and former overnight DJ Smash from 10am-Noon and Nikki from Noon-4pm. Alexx Dupri was also brought over from sister urban station WGCI-FM to Kiss for overnights.
In the spring of 2006, the station finally beat its main rival, WBBM-FM, in the 12+ Arbitron ratings. Toward the end of July 2006, Kiss FM dropped the "point" from their name and started referring to themselves as "103-5 Kiss FM" Nina Chantele from KZZA-FM in Dallas was named midday host. Overnight host Alexx Dupri, who was filling in for Nikki in middays because Nikki was doing afternoons, went back to overnights. On October 4, 2006, Global Records vice president Ty Bentli was hired for the afternoon position, releasing Nikki. Ty eventually left late 2010 for a job at KBIG-FM in Los Angeles.
In late 2006, Silly Jilly, a long-time sidekick of Java Joel was hired to work the night shift from 7-11PM. After years of working with Java and on her own both in Chicago and on her own nighttime show in Pennsylvania, Silly Jilly replaced Mack at night. Local club DJ Special K was given Weekend shifts, including hosting CLUB KISS.
In April 2008, WBBM-FM released Candi Gomez and KISS hired her for weekend duties.
In the first week of September 2008, midday host Nina Chantele was moved from 11am-3pm to 10am-1pm; afternoon host Ty Bentli's shift was moved from 3-7pm to 4-8pm, and the mid hours are now covered by the syndicated show of Ryan Seacrest, which airs 10am-2pm. Silly Jilly's shift was moved over to 8pm-1am. Billy Hammond was released from his late night shift. The station's female voice Angi Taylor was added to the cast of the Morning Show during this time.
In 2008, the station's music director position was eliminated, resulting in Smash's release.
In late 2009, Silly Jilly left the evening post and was replaced by weekender Special K (8pm-1am).
2010s: The station today.
On December 14, 2010, DreX was unexpectedly fired from Clear Channel management after being the morning host for 8 years. His co-hosts, Mel T and Angi Taylor, also were removed from the station. The following day, it was announced that Charlotte's "Brotha Fred" would take over the morning show on KISS FM starting January 17, 2011. Angi Taylor would return as a co-host, David L. would be a new host, and Tommy Black would serve as producer. Mel Tovar, a host on DreX in the Morning, was asked to be a part of the new show, but rejected the offer and quit. As of January 12, 2011, there is still no word on why DreX was fired.
On January 8, 2011, the new morning show host Christopher "Brotha Fred" Frederick signed on with his co-host David L. Angi Taylor also returned to the station as morning Traffic/News/Weather reporter, as well as the reporter of the "Dirty on 30" segment, which includes celebrity gossip. Tommy Black continued as producer of the morning show until being replaced in April 2011. On February 7, 2012, it was announced that David L. had exited WKSC-FM and was returning to his home in Charlotte, NC.
On July 23, 2013, Special K was released from the WKSC air-staff. It was at this time that overnight jock, Rufio, stepped in as the interim night host. Rufio filled in until November 5, 2013, when Brady (formerly of sister station WKSS in Hartford) was hired as the stations new night host and Music Director.
Current air-staff.
As of November 5, 2013, the current on-air staff of WKSC included:

</doc>
<doc id="2855001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855001" title="Mira Calix">
Mira Calix

Mira Calix is the stage name of Chantal Passamonte, a British based artist signed to Warp Records. Although her earlier music is almost exclusively electronic, in recent years she has incorporated classical instrumentation into her work for performance, recording and installations.
Biography.
Born in South Africa, in 1969 Chantal Passamonte moved to London.
Mira Calix's earlier music specialised in mixing her intimate vocals with jittering beats and experimental electronic textures and natural sounds. In 2003 she collaborated with the London Sinfonietta for the first time. "Nunu" premiered at the Royal Festival Hall in London at a concert titled "Warp Works and 20th Century Masters". The critically acclaimed piece, then toured internationally performed by live insects, orchestra and Mira on electronics. Since then, Calix has incorporated orchestration and live classical instruments in her performances and recorded work. An avid collaborator, she regularly works with visual artists and musicians from other disciplines to create music for dance, theatre, film, opera and installations. Mira has been commissioned to write new works for many leading art institutions and ensembles including: the London Sinfonietta, Bang On A Can, the Aldeburgh Festival, The Royal Shakespeare Company, Opera North, Streetwise Opera and the Manchester International Festival.
In 2004 she formed Alexander's Annexe - a band/ensemble with pianist Sarah Nicolls and sound designer David Sheppard. Their debut performance was at the Ravello Festival in Italy, followed by performances at the Aldeburgh Festival and Parco della Musica in Rome. Alexander's Annexe released the album, "Push Door To Exit", on Warp in November 2006.
In early 2008 Mira was commissioned to set Shakespeare's Sonnet 130 to music. The project was curated by composer Gavin Bryars for The Royal Shakespeare Company. Other participants in " Nothing Like The Sun" were Nico Muhly, Antony and the Johnsons, Gavin Friday, Natalie Merchant and Alexander Balanescu. During 2007 there were two theatrical works; the first, an opera titled " Elephant and Castle", for the Aldeburgh Festival, was a collaboration with composer Tansy Davies, directed by Tim Hopkins, Libretto by author Blake Morrison. The second, "Dead Wedding" premiered at the first Manchester International Festival. Extracts from these performances appear on the album "The Elephant In The Room: 3 Commissions". The album also includes pieces from a video installation work titled "Natures", a collaboration with video artist Quayola and cellist Oliver Coates.
In December 2008, "My Secret Heart" premièred at the Royal Festival Hall in London with 100 members of Streetwise Opera. The installation piece,inspired by Allegri's 17th century choral work "Miserere". is a collaboration with British video artists Flat-E. In December 2009, Mira Calix won a British Composer Award, for "My Secret Heart". It was described by the judges as "transformational, capturing raw humanity and giving voice to the disenfranchised in a sound-world which is original, absorbing and unsettling". "My Secret Heart" also won a Royal Philharmonic Society Award in 2009 and was nominated for a National Lottery Arts Award in 2010. The installation toured globally, both with The Creators Project and The British Council
In February 2009, she collaborated with United Visual Artists on "Chorus" for the opening of the Howard Assembly Rooms in Leeds. The installation piece, which was also exhibited at Durham Cathedral and The Wapping Project won an Award of Distinction in the Interactive Category at Prix Ars Electronica in 2010. Calix has continued to work with UVA, most recently in 2011 with "The Orchestrion" an installation at the Coachella Festival for Vice/Intel's The Creators Project.
In 2009, she contributed a cover of a Boards of Canada song; "In A Beautiful Place Out In The Country", featuring cellist Oliver Coates to the "Warp20 (Recreated)" compilation. Later in the year she worked with Malcolm Middleton of Arab Strap on a session for BBC Radio 3's "Late Junction". The duo stated they were working on an album together, as yet unreleased.
In 2010, Calix worked with award winning poet Alice Oswald on another commission for Opera North and collaborated for the first time with the ensemble; Bang On A Can. Mira and the ensemble premiered "Spring Falls Back" at the World Financial Center Winter Garden in New York. Mira also spent the year working on a R&D project to develop her skills in orchestration with composers Tansy Davies and Larry Goves. "Exchange and Return" an 18 month long collaborative project was awarded a Grant For The Arts by Arts Council England
In 2011, Mira wrote a choral score for "Fables - A Film Opera" working once more with visual artists Flat-e and Streetwise Opera. The film soundtrack, based on the fable of "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" was nominated for a British Composers Award that year.
As a live performer and DJ, Mira Calix has supported and toured with a broad range of acts, including Radiohead, Boards of Canada, Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Autechre. She has performed at many concert halls and festivals around the globe including; Sonar, Glastonbury, All Tomorrow's Parties, Coachella and Latitude.
Recording history.
Mira Calix's debut album, "One on One", was released by Warp on March 6, 2000. Followed by another studio album, "Skimskitta" in 2003 and "Eyes Set Against the Sun" in 2007. Two albums of commissioned works:
"3 Commissions" (2004) and "The Elephant In The Room: 3 Commissions" (2008) were also released on Warp Records. "Lost Foundling", a collaboration with Mark Clifford of the band Seefeel, was released on Aperture Records in 2010. There have also been numerous remixes and contributions to compilations.

</doc>
<doc id="2855025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855025" title="Thon Buri District">
Thon Buri District

Thon Buri (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Located on the west bank of Chao Phraya River, it was once part of Thon Buri province. Neighbor districts are (from north clockwise) Bangkok Yai, Phra Nakhon (across Chao Phraya River), Khlong San, Bang Kho Laem (across Chao Phraya), Rat Burana, Chom Thong, and Phasi Charoen.
History.
The district used to be called Amphoe Ratchakhrue (ราชคฤห์) due to a nearby wat of the same name. It was renamed Amphoe Bang Yi Ruea on 11 July 1916 (due to the location of the new amphoe office), and finally to Thon Buri on 17 April 1939. The district then was belong to Thon Buri province. In December 1971 the province was merged with Bangkok to form the present day Bangkok Metropolitan.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 7 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").

</doc>
<doc id="2855027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855027" title="Degree day">
Degree day

A degree day is a measure of heating or cooling. Total degree days from an appropriate starting date are used to plan the planting of crops and management of pests and pest control timing. Weekly or monthly degree-day figures may also be used within an energy monitoring and targeting scheme to monitor the heating and cooling costs of climate controlled buildings, while annual figures can be used for estimating future costs.
A degree day is computed as the integral of a function of time that generally varies with temperature. The function is truncated to upper and lower limits that vary by organism, or to limits that are appropriate for climate control. The function can be estimated or measured by one of the following methods, in each case by reference to a chosen base temperature:
A zero degree-day in energy monitoring and targeting is when either heating or cooling consumption is at a minimum, which is useful with power utility companies in predicting seasonal low points in energy demand.
Heating degree days are typical indicators of household energy consumption for space heating. The air temperature in a building is on average 2°C to 3°C higher than that of the air outside. A temperature of 18°C indoors corresponds to an outside temperature of about 15.5°C. If the air temperature outside is 1 °C below 15.5°C, then heating is required to maintain a temperature of about 18°C. If the outside temperature is 1 °C below the average temperature it is accounted as 1 degree-day. The sum of the degree days over periods such as a month or an entire heating season is used in calculating the amount of heating required for a building. Degree Days are also used to estimate air conditioning usage during the warm season.

</doc>
<doc id="2855029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855029" title="Chieu Hoi">
Chieu Hoi

The Chiêu Hồi Program ( (also spelled "chu hoi" or "chu-hoi" i English) loosely translated as "Open Arms") was an initiative by the South Vietnamese to encourage defection by the Viet Cong and their supporters to the side of the Government during the Vietnam War.
Campaign.
Defection was urged by means of a propaganda campaign, usually leaflets delivered by artillery shell or dropped over enemy-controlled areas by aircraft, or messages broadcast over areas of South Vietnam. A number of incentives were offered to those who chose to cooperate, along with psychological warfare to break enemy morale.
By 1967, approximately 75,000 defections had been recorded, but analysts speculate that less than 25% of those were genuine. The program had some difficulty catching on, due in part to culture gap—errors, such as misspellings and unintentionally offensive statements—and worsened by communist reprisals against defectors and their families. To make matters worse, as testified by Sergeant Scott Camil during the 1971 Winter Soldier Investigation, the passes were sometimes ignored by U.S. forces, and their holders shot while surrendering.
Overall, however, the Chieu Hoi program was considered successful. Those who surrendered were known as "Hoi Chanh" and were often integrated into allied units as Kit Carson Scouts, operating in the same area where they had defected. Many made great contributions to the effectiveness of U.S. units, and often distinguished themselves, earning decorations as high as the Silver Star. The program was relatively inexpensive, and removed over 100,000 combatants from the field.

</doc>
<doc id="2855037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855037" title="Joydeep Sircar">
Joydeep Sircar

Joydeep Sircar (born 1947) is a mountain-traveller and pioneer mountain-historian. In 1979 he published his "Himalayan handbook", an index of all the-then named peaks of 6096 meters (20000 feet) and above in Afghanistan and the Indian subcontinent giving chronological entries of expeditions up to 1975 to each peak with a brief summary of results and references to expedition reports, after a decade of solitary research. He was inspired in this formidable undertaking by the pronouncement of the late Soli S. Mehta, Hony. Local Secretary of The Himalayan Club, that the task had never been attempted before and was well-nigh impossible. This book, introduced by the famous British mountaineer-explorer J. O. M. Roberts, one of Sircar's idols, was the first one of its kind. Printed in 500 copies only, it received excellent international notices and became a basic reference resources.
In 1982 Sircar was the first to suspect and draw public attention to the covert competition between India and Pakistan over the Siachen Glacier and coined the term Oropolitics to describe the use of mountaineering expeditions as a cloak for establishing territorial claims. His essay on this topic was published in abbreviated form in an article in "The Telegraph" newspaper of Calcutta. The full essay titled "Oropolitics" came out in "Himalaya Sameeksha", a limited circulation magazine published by Kamala Mukherjee in Calcutta, and was subsequently reprinted in the prestigious "Alpine Journal" of London in 1984.[http://www.alpinejournal.org.uk/Contents/Contents_1984_files/AJ%201984%2074-49%20Sircar%20Oropolitics.pdf]. India sent troops into the Siachen Glacier the same year.
Sircar surmised the existence of a feasible pass in Himachal Pradesh, India on the Himalayan divide between Kullu and Spiti Districts. He led three expeditions to the high range separating the Upper Parvati valley from the unexplored Debsa Glacier in 1992,1993 and 1995.The Debsa Pass(5340 metres)named by him was reached in 1993 and crossed on 21 September 1995, and the team descended the unexplored West Debsa Glacier and followed the Debsa stream to the Parahio Valley and from there to the Spiti Valley.[http://expeditionquest.com/expeditionportal/home/index.phtml?Expedition_Id=8599[http://www.jsircar.blogspot.com/2011/11/debsa-pass-1992-1995.html]
The pass has become a regular route as it saves two/three days over the traditional Kullu-Spiti route by the Pin Parvati Pass(5319 metres).
Sircar has taken part in a number of other mountaineering expeditions, likes travelling to remote places, and is a poet, essayist, and wildlifer. He drew the attention of the Bombay Natural History Society in 2001 to the presence of large numbers of the endangered Bar-Headed Goose at Gharana Wetland Reserve, Jammu, which eventually led to this neglected sanctuary on the Indo-Pak border being classified as an Important Bird Area
He is also avidly interested in history and military matters, particularly aviation, and was the first to compose a brief biography of the World War 2 Beaufighter ace Flying Officer A.M.O.Pring,DFM a childhood hero who flew and died in combat defending Calcutta from Japanese air attack and is buried at Calcutta. He followed this up with an expanded essay called SERGEANT PRING AND THE CALCUTTA HURRICANE [http://www.rquirk.com/176Sqdn/Sircar/Sergeant%20Pring%20and%20the%20Calcutta%20Hurricane.pdf in which an outline biography of Maurice Pring is combined with the pioneering study of a rare and little-known night-fighter, the Hawker Hurricane II C(NF) equipped with the pilot-operated AI Mark VI radar. Both essays have won praise from aviation cognoscenti.He has followed these pieces up with an article conclusively demonstrating that the Hurricane II C(NF) was, in fact, the first radar-equipped single-seater night-fighter.[http://www.jsircar.blogspot.com/2011/09/hawker-hurricane-ii-c-nf-forgotten.html]
Sircar has started a blog called JOYDEEP SIRCAR : an eclectic collection in which he proposes to collect all his scattered writings, both fiction and non-fiction. A selection of his English poetry is available in Poemhunter [http://www.poemhunter.com/joydeep-sircar/
In a recent article in his blog Sircar has claimed to have solved the mystery of the Lake of No Return, Myanmar [http://www.jsicar.blogspot.com/2013/07/lake-of-no-return.html], which he visited in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="2855038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855038" title="Joey Barton">
Joey Barton

Joseph Anthony "Joey" Barton (; born 2 September 1982) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Queens Park Rangers. He was born and raised in Huyton, Merseyside. He began his football career with Manchester City in 2002 after working his way through their youth system. His appearances in the senior side gradually increased over the following five years and he made more than 150 for the club. He earned his first cap for the England national team in February 2007, despite his criticism of some of the team's players. He then joined Newcastle United for a fee of £5.8 million in July 2007. After four years with the club, he joined Queens Park Rangers in August 2011, from where he was loaned to Marseille in 2012.
Barton's career and life have been marked by numerous controversial incidents and disciplinary problems and he has been convicted twice on charges of violence. On 20 May 2008 he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for common assault and affray during an incident in Liverpool City Centre. Barton served 77 days of this prison term, being released on 28 July 2008. On 1 July 2008 he was also given a four months suspended sentence after admitting assault occasioning actual bodily harm on former teammate Ousmane Dabo during a training ground dispute on 1 May 2007. This incident effectively ended his Manchester City career. Barton has been charged with violent conduct three times by The Football Association: for the assault on Dabo, for punching Morten Gamst Pedersen in the stomach and for attacking three players on the final day of the 2011–12 season.
Early life.
Born in Huyton, Merseyside, England, Barton is the oldest of four brothers. His parents separated when he was 14 years old and consequently he lived with his father at his grandmother's house on a different estate. He has said that his grandmother's influence helped him to avoid getting caught up in a recreational drug culture and attributes his work ethic to his father. His father, also named Joseph, worked as a roofer and played football semi-professionally for Northwich Victoria. Barton enjoyed physical education at his school, St Thomas Becket, which he represented in various sports and was a talented Rugby League prospect. He left school with ten GCSEs.
Club career.
Early career.
Barton pursued his dreams of becoming a professional footballer by joining Everton's youth system, but played for Liverpool when he was 14. He underwent trials at Nottingham Forest, but was rejected when it was decided he was too small to become a footballer. Barton said his rejection by clubs only made him more determined to succeed as a footballer and prove his detractors wrong. He made his first appearance for the club's under-17s team in 1999 and played regularly at Academy level for three years. His first reserve team appearance came at the end of the 2000–01 season, in his final year as a trainee. Uncertain about Barton's future prospects, the club planned to release him, but reconsidered and gave him his first professional contract in the close season. Over the next two years, he successfully made the transition from the under-19s to regular reserve football. He was promoted to the first-team squad in the 2002–03 season.
Manchester City.
Barton would have made his debut for the City first-team in November 2002 against Middlesbrough, had he not lost his shirt after leaving it on the substitutes bench at half-time. He eventually made his first-team debut for the club against Bolton Wanderers on 5 April 2003. His first senior goal came two weeks later in a 2–0 win over Tottenham Hotspur on Good Friday. He ended the 2002–03 season with a run of seven consecutive starts.
After impressing in his first season at City, Barton was offered a new one-year contract at the club by manager Kevin Keegan, which he signed in April 2003. He featured in the first-team more regularly during the 2003–04 season and, following a second Premiership goal, was rewarded with a call-up to the England U21 squad for their 2004 European Championship qualifiers against Macedonia and Portugal.
An FA Cup match against Tottenham saw Barton receive the first red card of his career in unusual circumstances: at half-time, with his club 3–0 down, he argued with the referee and was sent off although the match was not in progress. In the second half, despite playing with 10 men, Barton's team-mates achieved an unlikely 4–3 victory. Barton left the City of Manchester Stadium in anger on 17 April, after not being named in the team to play Southampton. However he featured regularly in the 2003–04 season, which he completed with 39 appearances and one goal. His displays impressed City's supporters, and at the end of the 2003–04 season he was awarded with the club's Young Player of the Year award.
Barton sparked a ten-man brawl in a friendly match against Doncaster Rovers on 25 July 2004 after "hacking" at an opposition player. Although he signed a new contract on 22 September 2004, which would keep him at City until 2007, the club considered sacking Barton in December 2004 after an incident at their Christmas party. He stubbed out a lit cigar in youth player Jamie Tandy's eye, after he had caught Tandy attempting to set fire to his shirt. Barton subsequently apologised for his actions and was fined six weeks' wages (£60,000).
In May 2005 Barton broke a 35-year-old pedestrian's leg while driving his car through Liverpool city centre at 2 am. In the summer of 2005, Barton was sent home from a pre-season tournament in Thailand after assaulting a 15-year-old Everton supporter who had provoked Barton by verbally abusing him and kicking his shin. Barton had to be restrained from attacking the boy further by teammate Richard Dunne. Barton underwent anger management therapy at the order of City manager Stuart Pearce and paid £120,000 in club fines. In the autumn of 2005, Barton began a seven-day programme of behavioural management at the Sporting Chance clinic, a charity set up to help troubled sportsmen and women.
Barton handed in a written transfer request in January 2006, which the club rejected. The following day, they also rejected a verbal offer for Barton from Middlesbrough, with Stuart Pearce asserting that a deal could still be made to keep him at the club. During the following week, Barton admitted that he was "a little bit impetuous" in making such a request and agreed to begin negotiations on a new contract at City. He was rewarded with a new four-year deal, which he signed on 25 July, ending speculation about his future.
Barton's behaviour appeared to improve after his participation at the Sporting Chance clinic. However, on 30 September 2006, television cameras captured Barton exposing his backside to Everton fans, following City's injury-time equaliser in a game at Goodison Park. Barton had received abuse from Everton supporters throughout the match and the gesture has since been described as "light-hearted" and "inoffensive" by people involved in football. Merseyside Police looked into the incident, but announced in October that no further action would be taken, although Barton was fined £2,000 for bringing the game into disrepute and warned about his future conduct by The Football Association.
In December 2006, Barton received the second red card of his career, for a late two-footed tackle on Bolton Wanderers player Abdoulaye Diagne-Faye.
Barton's agent Willie McKay revealed in January 2007 that if any team offered at least £5.5 million for Barton, it would trigger a release clause in his contract that would mean City would have to allow Barton to talk to the interested club. This reportedly prompted Everton manager David Moyes to make an inquiry to City about Barton's availability. However, the next day Barton said "People are trying to unsettle me but I'm happy to stay here".
Following impressive form at club level, Barton received his first call-up to the full England squad on 2 February 2007 for a friendly match against Spain, despite his recent criticism of certain members of the England squad for releasing autobiographies after an unimpressive 2006 World Cup. He had suggested such players had "cashed in" on the national team's lack of success.
Barton later received support over his comments and Steven Gerrard, one of the players whom Barton had criticised, praised him for his honesty. However, Frank Lampard, who had also released an autobiography following the tournament, publicly stated his disapproval. Barton made his international debut on 7 February 2007, replacing Lampard in the 78th minute of the 0–1 defeat to Spain at Old Trafford.
Barton was arrested on suspicion of assault and criminal damage after an alleged argument with a taxi driver in Liverpool while going to his hotel after a match on 13 March 2007. He was cleared of this charge in May 2008.
Barton displayed his outspokenness once again on 22 April 2007 when he publicly criticised City's performances during the 2006–07 season, and described some of the players the club had signed as "substandard". Following his comments, City's manager Stuart Pearce banned him from speaking to the media.
Barton was fined £100,000 and suspended by City until the end of the 2006–07 season on 1 May 2007, following an incident during training when he assaulted his team mate Ousmane Dabo. Dabo said that he had been hit several times, was left unconscious and had to go to hospital after suffering injuries to his head, including a suspected detached retina. Dabo requested that the police press charges against Barton, and as a result, Barton was arrested and questioned by Greater Manchester Police. This altercation effectively ended Barton's time at City, although he later cited a "relationship breakdown" with Stuart Pearce as the main reason he left the club. Barton was bailed until August and was later charged with assault, to which he initially pleaded not guilty. He later changed this to a guilty plea and on 1 July 2008 was sentenced to a four-month suspended prison sentence plus 200 hours of community service and ordered to pay £3,000 compensation and Dabo's court costs. Barton was also charged with violent conduct by the FA. Barton pleaded guilty and on 1 September 2008 was banned for six games with a further six game ban suspended for two years and fined £25,000.
Newcastle United.
Following offers from Newcastle United and West Ham United, Barton joined Newcastle on 14 June 2007 for a fee of £5.8 million. The contract negotiations had become protracted after Manchester City refused to pay Barton a fee of £300,000 to which he was reported to be entitled if he left the club without submitting a request for transfer. Newcastle United consequently raised their initial offer of £5.5 million to £5.8, in effect compensating Manchester City for the £300,000 discrepancy. He said that his desire to win trophies helped him to make the decision, along with his admiration for manager Sam Allardyce. Barton made his Newcastle debut in a friendly against Hartlepool United on 17 July 2007. Four days later, he was ruled out for six to seven weeks after fracturing the fifth metatarsal bone in his left foot during a friendly match with Carlisle United. He was ruled out for a further month in October 2007. He eventually made his Premier League debut for Newcastle on 22 October 2007, coming on as a second half substitute in a 3–1 win over Tottenham. During his first Tyne–Wear derby for Newcastle against Sunderland, Barton appeared to raise his foot dangerously in a challenge with Sunderland's Dickson Etuhu, leading to the "News of the World" running with the headline "Ban Him". However the FA were unable to charge Barton for the incident because match official Martin Atkinson had seen the act take place in the match, and had taken no action. FIFA regulations dictate that a retrospective charge for violent conduct can be made only if the match official did not notice the incident. Barton later apologised for the tackle. Early in December, he called for Newcastle fans to give the team more time after their abuse of manager Sam Allardyce, calling them "vicious". He later played this down, saying his comments had been misrepresented.
On 27 December 2007, Barton was arrested on suspicion of assault in the Church Street area of Liverpool city centre following an incident which took place at 5:30 am. He was remanded in custody on 28 December since the offence was committed whilst he was on bail for two prior offences; the presiding magistrate noted "I also have to consider the safety of the public – you lashed out indiscriminately". CCTV showed Barton punching a man twenty times, causing him to lose consciousness, and attacking a teenager, breaking some of his teeth. On 20 May 2008, he was sentenced to six months in jail after pleading guilty for his part in the December 2007 assault. Barton's cousin, Nadine Wilson and his brother Andrew Barton also pleaded guilty to their part in the assaults and received suspended sentences. Barton admitted to being an alcoholic and claimed he wanted to achieve "total abstinence" in order to improve his behaviour. He served 77 days of his prison term, being released on 28 July 2008.
Barton's subsequent conviction, a four-month suspended sentence for the earlier assault on Ousmane Dabo at Manchester City was handed out while serving this sentence. He returned to playing action on 30 August 2008, six days before his FA hearing, as a second half substitute during Newcastle's 3–0 defeat to Arsenal. He came on to a chorus of boos from the Arsenal supporters. Shortly into this return game, Barton was involved in an incident with Samir Nasri, putting in a strong tackle, for which the referee did not give a foul. The tackle, though hard, was legal. Minutes later, Nasri deliberately clipped Barton while tracking back, for which he was booked. At the end of the game, then-Newcastle manager, Kevin Keegan, was involved in an altercation with Nasri and Arsenal captain William Gallas, in regards to the incident.
It was a brief stint back in the playing squad, with Barton banned for six games, with a further suspended six-game ban, for his assault on Dabo. After serving his ban, he played 75 minutes in a reserve game and said he wanted to transform his image to become a role model, before he returned to action in the Tyne–Wear derby on 25 October. He was booed by Sunderland fans and had missiles thrown at him as he warmed up, as Newcastle lost 2–1. Without him, Newcastle had not recorded a league victory since the second game of the season, but Barton scored a penalty in his second game back to lift the club out of the relegation zone. The suspended six-game ban was nearly brought into action when Barton appeared to flick Aston Villa striker Gabriel Agbonlahor in the club's next game, but the FA decided not to punish Barton. However, further allegations that Barton had made a racist remark to Agbonlahor were cause enough for the FA to reconsider this decision. The remarks remain unfounded and 'professional lip-readers' claimed he said nothing racist. In Newcastle's 2–2 draw with Wigan on 15 November 2008, Barton was injured after a tackle from Lee Cattermole. It was later confirmed that Barton would be out for two months with a medial ligament injury. Returning to the first team at the end of January, he played only twice before again breaking his metatarsal, during a 2–1 defeat to his old club Manchester City.
In his first appearance in over three months on 3 May 2009, Barton was sent off late in a 3–0 loss to Liverpool at Anfield for a sliding challenge on Xabi Alonso. The red card ruled Barton out of Newcastle's remaining three games of the season, with the club in danger of relegation from the Premier League. Newcastle manager Alan Shearer raised doubts about Barton's future at the club, saying "I think it would be wrong to discuss his future now, but I'm not very happy." On 5 May, Newcastle United announced the suspension of Barton indefinitely, and Barton was told to stay away from the club. As a result, Barton's future at Newcastle United was put in doubt. The club suspension was widely reportedly to have resulted not directly from the red card, but from a dressing room confrontation with Shearer and assistant manager Iain Dowie following the game. Shearer said he made a mistake putting Barton back into the team, and that his tackle was "a coward's tackle", to which Barton replied that he was "the best player at the club", and Shearer had to play him. Shearer said that Barton wasn't, that he was "shit". Barton replied that Shearer was "a shit manager with shit tactics". When Dowie intervened, Barton called him "a prick". Barton was reportedly transfer listed, with former manager Sam Allardyce reported to have been interested in taking Barton to Blackburn Rovers. Barton's counsellor has said that Barton "would love to work with Alan Shearer again" and "feels very much that he owes the club and the fans."
Barton stayed on with Newcastle United after they were relegated to the Championship, playing six out of Newcastle's opening eight league games, but suffered an injury to his foot in a 3–1 win against Plymouth Argyle on 19 September. He returned in April for Newcastle, playing all nine of Newcastle's remaining league fixtures and scoring his only goal of the campaign from a free kick in a win over Peterborough United. Due to the form of Danny Guthrie and Kevin Nolan, Barton had to play left wing when he returned.
Barton started his new club season 2010–11 as a first team regular, playing against Manchester United on the opening day. On Barton's and Newcastle's second game, he scored against Aston Villa in a 6–0 victory for Newcastle. Immediately, after the game Barton removed a moustache which he had pledged to not shave until Newcastle United had won a game in the new season. On 10 November, in a 2–1 defeat to Blackburn, Barton again acted violently, punching Morten Gamst Pedersen in the chest. He was not punished during the game as the officials did not see the incident, but after reviewing the evidence, the FA again charged Barton with violent conduct. Barton apologised, accepted the charge, and was banned for three matches. Barton courted controversy once again during Newcastle's 3–1 win over Liverpool on 11 December 2010, when he appeared to direct homophobic remarks and a lewd gesture at Fernando Torres. Barton scored two penalties against Arsenal on 5 February 2011 as Newcastle came from a 4–0 deficit to draw 4–4. He was involved in an altercation with Abou Diaby which led to a straight red card for Diaby. Diaby took offence to Barton's strong challenge and retaliated by grabbing Barton by the neck and shoving him to the ground.
On 25 May 2011, Barton's agent Willie McKay confirmed that his client would not be signing a new contract at St James' Park after contract talks broke down between the club and player. Barton was officially transfer listed by Newcastle on 1 August 2011, and it was also stated that he could leave for free with his current contract yet to expire. Barton was set to leave Newcastle following his teammate Kevin Nolan, who had earlier joined West Ham United, but Barton insisted on not moving. Joey Barton also criticised the Newcastle board after it was decided he could leave the club on a free transfer. With Newcastle continuing to decline the offer of a new contract, after he refused an earlier offer, on 24 August 2011, Barton was given permission to talk to QPR. Thanking the Newcastle fans, he left on 26 August 2011.
A week before his signing with QPR, Barton was involved in an altercation with Gervinho of Arsenal, which resulted in Gervinho being sent off on his debut. Then, Alex Song stamped on Barton, for which Song received a three-match ban. Barton later revealed he was on a verge of joining Arsenal but his incident with Gervinho ended his hopes of a move to the Emirates and instead, he joined Queens Park Rangers.
Queens Park Rangers.
On 26 August 2011, Barton moved to Queens Park Rangers, signing a four-year deal on a free transfer. He was handed the captain's armband by manager Neil Warnock on his debut with the club, which was a 0–0 draw with former club Newcastle. On 17 September, he scored his first goal for QPR during a 3–0 win against Wolverhampton Wanderers. Following his goal, Barton was involved in a physical confrontation with Wolves player Karl Henry. Henry and Barton had a previous physical confrontation in August 2010 when Barton was still at Newcastle. Barton accused Henry of "trying to hurt people". Henry responded by calling Barton's behaviour "embarrassing".
On 2 January 2012, Barton scored the opening goal in QPR's game against Norwich City, his second for the club. However, he was given a straight red card after head-butting Norwich midfielder Bradley Johnson, Barton's first dismissal since May 2009. With QPR down to ten men they went on to lose the game 2–1. When Warnock was replaced as manager by Mark Hughes in January 2012, Hughes confirmed that Barton would remain captain. Barton's performance in QPR's 3–2 home victory against Liverpool saw him booed by the QPR fans, who promptly cheered when he was substituted just after the hour mark. Barton admitted on Twitter that his performance was "awful" and the "worst I've ever played in my career" but also criticised the QPR fans for not sticking with the team in their battle against relegation. After being dropped for the club's next game, an away defeat to Sunderland, he returned to the line-up for the home game against Arsenal. Barton led QPR to a 2–1 victory and he was cheered by the supporters and praised by Hughes, who described his performance as "top-class". Barton's third goal for the club came in a 3–0 victory at home to Swansea on 11 April 2011.
On 13 May, on the final day of the season, with QPR requiring at least a draw in their match away at Manchester City or for Bolton Wanderers to lose or draw to guarantee their Premier League safety, Barton was sent off in the fifty-fifth minute for violent misconduct after elbowing Carlos Tevez in the face. Immediately after being shown a red card, Barton kicked Sergio Agüero in the back of the knee and attempted to head-butt Vincent Kompany. Barton had to be dragged from the pitch by former team-mate Micah Richards as he rowed with Manchester City players and staff and attempted to square-off with striker Mario Balotelli. QPR went on to concede two late goals and lose the match 3–2, thus handing Manchester City the title. Bolton, however, were unable to capitalise and drew 2–2 at Stoke City, thus ensuring QPR's safety. Barton took to Twitter after the game and admitted to trying to "take of their players with me." The FA responded by issuing two charges of violent conduct against him, for the kick and the attempted head-butt, the initial foul already carrying with it a charge of violent conduct. Barton accepted the charge for kicking Agüero but denied the charge for attempting to head-butt Kompany. QPR also began an internal investigation into his behaviour, amid speculation that he will be stripped of the captaincy and fined and possibly shown the door by the club either by being sold, released on a free transfer or having his contract terminated for gross misconduct. Barton has been widely condemned in the media for his actions and for attempting to defend himself on Twitter, where he also attacked "Match of the Day" pundits Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer, his former manager.
On 23 May, Barton attended an FA hearing. Punishing him for all three accounts of violent conduct, Barton was handed a twelve-match ban and fined £75,000. On 25 June, QPR announced the results of their internal investigation. Barton was stripped of the captaincy and fined six weeks' wages, believed to be around £500,000. Barton was also removed from the club's pre-season tour of Asia and in a statement, the club said that they had "also reached agreement with Barton that if he seriously breaches the club's disciplinary procedures again, the club reserves the right to terminate his contract". Barton responded by saying that "My behaviour was wrong and I accept the punishment that has been imposed upon me as a result."
On 31 July 2012, Barton played 45 minutes of a friendly match for League Two side Fleetwood Town in the clubs 4–0 win over Kilmarnock. He had been training with Fleetwood after being left out of Queens Park Rangers' tour of Malaysia. Fleetwood attempted to sign Barton on a six-month loan, but the deal was turned down by QPR.
Ahead of the 2012-13 Premier League season, Barton was not given a squad number by QPR. Towards the end of the season, however, chairman Tony Fernandes identified the loss of Barton as a factor in the club's poor performance and relegation from the Premier League, saying "We missed Joey. We needed a workhorse midfielder and we tried to get Scott Parker. We missed a real leader."
Marseille.
Barton completed a season long loan move to Marseille on 31 August 2012. In September, the LFP confirmed that Barton's twelve-match ban would be upheld in French football, restricting Barton to Europa League football for the first four months of the season. On 20 September, Barton made his debut for the club in an away trip to Fenerbahçe in a Europa League tie, a match that ended 2–2. Barton scored his first goal for Marseille on 8 November in the 2–2 draw with Borussia Mönchengladbach in Germany, netting directly from a corner kick in the 54th minute.
Barton told "ESPN" that he would not return to Queens Park Rangers after the loan spell, and he also said that he only joined the club for money because his partner was expecting a child. Following the comments, on 25 November 2012, he made his league debut in a 1–0 home win against Lille. In his third league appearance on 2 December, Barton provided the assists for both Souleymane Diawara's and André Ayew's goals as Marseille defeated Brest 2–1 to remain two points behind leaders Lyon.
On 6 May 2013, Barton was given a two-match suspended ban for describing Thiago Silva of Paris Saint-Germain as looking like "an overweight ladyboy" on Twitter. Laurent Davenas, the President of the French Football Federation's National Council of Ethics said that Barton was punished only for making "inappropriate" remarks, and escaped a more severe punishment because his lawyers proved his lack of homophobic intent by showing the committee Barton's appearance in the BBC Three documentary on homophobia in football.
Back to Queens Park Rangers.
Barton returned to QPR for the 2013–14 Football League Championship season
During a Championship game against Burnley on 26 October 2013, a Coke bottle was thrown from the stands by a Burnley fan hitting Barton on the head.
Barton was sent off in QPR's 1-0 home defeat to Leicester City on 21 December 2013, amassing two yellow cards in quick succession for elbowing and then throwing the ball at Gary Taylor-Fletcher.
International career.
Barton represented the England U21 and was part of the squad for their 2004 European Under-21 Championship qualifiers against Macedonia and Portugal, scoring once against Portugal.
Following impressive form at club level, Barton received his first call-up to the full England squad on 2 February 2007 for a friendly match against Spain, despite his recent criticism of certain members of the England squad for releasing autobiographies after an unimpressive 2006 World Cup. He had suggested such players had "cashed in" on the national team's lack of success.
Barton later received support over his comments and Steven Gerrard, one of the players whom Barton had criticised, praised him for his honesty. However, Frank Lampard, who had also released an autobiography following the tournament, publicly stated his disapproval. Barton made his international debut on 7 February 2007, replacing Lampard in the 78th minute of the 0–1 defeat to Spain at Old Trafford.
Style of play.
Early in his career, Barton mainly played a defensive role, with a game based on tackling and tracking back to shield the defence. As his career has progressed, he has begun to incorporate a more attacking approach to his play, which has resulted in a greater number of goals and assists. His six goals from midfield made him Manchester City's leading scorer in the 2006–07 season, ahead of strikers Georgios Samaras, Bernardo Corradi, Émile Mpenza and Darius Vassell.
Barton has been described as having a good work ethic and the ability to carry the ball and retain possession for the team. He has been praised for having a good passing range. This aspect of his game has shown improvement since the 2005–06 season, when he began to favour simpler passes over more ambitious ones, and his relatively high pass completion rate can be attributed to this change. Barton's passes have often proved to be crucial; in the past he has led the way in his team's assists.
Barton has been described as the dirtiest player in the premiership, a style reflected in the high number of fouls he has committed during his career. He received 39 bookings and three red cards during his time at Manchester City. This physical approach was occasionally criticised by Kevin Keegan as excessive. Opta statistics rated Barton as the tenth best tackler in the Premier League for the 2004–05 season.
Personal life.
Barton's brother Michael Barton was sentenced to life imprisonment (with a tariff of 17 years) for his involvement in the racially motivated murder of Anthony Walker in 2005. Joey made a public appeal to his brother to come forward and help with the police investigation following the attack, and also made a series of calls to Michael, enquiring about his involvement in the incident.
Barton is a patron of the Tamsin Gulvin Fund, a charity set up to support people who have addiction problems and no financial support. Tony Adams, who had been impressed with Barton's attitude during his involvement in the Sporting Chance clinic, appointed him to this role. He is a part of the 'Get Hooked on Fishing' campaign, designed to keep children out of trouble by encouraging them to take up fishing. He has also taken part in a celebrity cricket match for charity to help fund a new children's rehabilitation unit at a hospital in Manchester. In 2011 he began writing a regular column in "The Big Issue", a street newspaper sold by the homeless and vulnerably housed.
He is a good friend of the boxer Ricky Hatton and has supported him in some of his fights, and has trained with him. He is also a friend of former Oasis band member Noel Gallagher. Barton co-owns a race horse called 'Crying Lightning' (Named after the Arctic Monkeys song) with fellow football player Claudio Pizarro. In January 2011 the horse competed at the Nad Al Sheba Racecourse in Dubai.
Barton is a prominent user of Twitter, with over two million followers as for April 2013. Commenting on figures from Friedrich Nietzsche and George Orwell to Isambard Kingdom Brunel and Morrissey, his eclectic tweets have resulted in him being described by the BBC as "as a philosophical sportsman to rival Eric Cantona in his heyday". Others in the media have criticised this description with Paul Hayward, chief sports writer for "The Telegraph" writing that Barton "manages to be patronised the media and held up as some kind of exemplar all at once ... he is skilled at tricking us into watching him veer between the extremes of thinker and thug. Either this is a repudiation of societal hypocrisy or, more likely, indicative of a sociopathic tendency." Ellie Mae O'Hagan of "The Guardian" commented that "the problem, I think, is not the belief that Barton is a reformed character, but the notion that one cannot possibly be a philosopher and violent at the same time: that quoting philosophy should automatically be taken as a sign of reformation ... In my mind, this all boils down to class snobbery. It is automatically assumed that Barton has violent tendencies because he's a working-class man who has chosen to play football for a living. So when he shows signs of intelligence, it's treated as a sign of reform: intellect is the preserve of the gentlemanly middle-classes."
On 3 March 2013, Barton faced an angry backlash from thousands of teenage girls after taunting Canadian teen idol Justin Bieber and his fans on Twitter. He branded the Canadian singer as "a smack addiction waiting to happen". A few weeks later, he caused controversy once more after comparing Brazilian superstar Neymar to Justin Bieber.
On 28 December 2011, Barton became a father. His partner Georgia McNeil gave birth to a baby boy who was named Cassius.
In a television programme broadcast on BBC Three on 30 January 2012 Barton revealed his pro-gay rights beliefs, in discussion with presenter Amal Fashanu, daughter of John Fashanu and niece of Justin Fashanu, describing the lack of any openly gay players in English professional football as "a subject that's quite close to my heart", as his uncle is gay. He stated his belief that there would be an openly gay player "within the next 10 years" and expressed his fear that "certain managers ... will discriminate against people" but that he feels "more fool them, and their lack of social awareness and intelligence" and wants his generation's legacy to "help not only change the game for the better, and change the teams that they played in, but also change the culture and change the society and the football clubs that they played at.
He's also notable for his love of Manchester band The Smiths, citing Morrissey as an idol of his. The pair eventually met each other at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival.
On 29 May 2014, Barton appeared on the BBC's Question Time discussion programme where, referring to political party Ukip, he said "If I'm somewhere and there was four really ugly girls, I'm thinking she's not the worst - that's all UKIP are,". Barton's comments were criticised as sexist by an audience member and he later apologised on air. The Independent newspaper commented that despite the comments, Barton had produced a "strong performance" on the programme.

</doc>
<doc id="2855043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855043" title="Somers-class destroyer">
Somers-class destroyer

The "Somers"-class destroyer was a class of 1850-ton United States Navy destroyer based on the "Porter"-class. They were answers to the large destroyers that the Japanese navy was building at the time, and were initially intended to be leaders for destroyer flotillas. This class featured controversial (for the time) high-temperature air-encased boilers derived from the ones installed in the modernized "New Mexico" (BB-40). This was the first US destroyer class to use 600 psi steam superheated to 850°F, which became standard for US warships built in the late 1930s and World War II. Despite the added weight, the new boilers permitted use of only a single smoke stack for the engines, allowing for a third centerline torpedo tube mount. Even so, they were still over-weight and top-heavy.
Like the "Porter"s, they were originally built with eight Mk 12 5 inch/38 caliber (127 mm) guns in four Mark 22 Single Purpose (surface action only) twin mounts. Anti-aircraft protection was initially provided by two quad 1.1" mounts and four .50-caliber machine guns. As with the "Porter"s, the "Somers"' main armament was gradually reduced and replaced with dual-purpose mounts during World War II, with the anti-aircraft armament replaced by 40mm and 20mm guns.
The first two ships were laid down at Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Kearny, New Jersey in 1935, the following three in 1936 by Bath Iron Works Corporation of Bath, Maine.
The ships were commissioned between 1937 and 1939 and served during World War II. "Warrington" foundered in a hurricane in the Caribbean in 1944. The others survived the war to be scrapped in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2855046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855046" title="MailScanner">
MailScanner

MailScanner is an open source e-mail security system for use on Unix e-mail gateways and was first released in 2001. It protects against viruses and spam. It is distributed under the GNU General Public License.
The author, Julian Field, won the 2004 Open Source Award from UKUUG for the product.
Worldwide, the software is estimated by the author to be processing over five billion e-mails per week, with over one million downloads. ISPs and mobile telephone networks are included in this list of users.
More recently, anti-phishing measures have been introduced. The software spots attempts at obfuscating URLs (for example, to lure the user into thinking they are signing into their bank, when in reality they are using an imposter web site) and modifies the e-mail with a suitable warning.
Technology.
MailScanner is implemented in around 50,000 lines of Perl. It links with other software packages in order to fulfill its duties:
As with any complex software platform, performance results can vary wildly depending on a wide variety of factors. That said, anecdotal evidence suggests that a quad Xeon PC with 2 GB of RAM and 15 kRPM SCSI disks can process something in the area of 2.2 million messages per day.

</doc>
<doc id="2855049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855049" title="When Saturday Comes (film)">
When Saturday Comes (film)

When Saturday Comes is a British film from 1996 starring Sean Bean and Emily Lloyd, directed by Maria Giese. It is about a factory worker who gets scouted, firstly by the well-known non-league side Hallam F.C. and then later by Sheffield United Football Club. It was filmed at various locations around South Yorkshire including Rotherham, Sandygate Road and Bramall Lane.
The film is notable for its straying from football reality. When the film was made Sean Bean was himself 36, an age when most players are retiring, not starting. When Sheffield United reach the FA Cup semi-final, the match is played at Bramall Lane when in reality the semi-final is always played at a neutral venue.
The captain of the Sheffield United team, a player who hates Sean Bean's character, and the closest the film has to a villain, is played by Mel Sterland. Sterland himself is a former Sheffield Wednesday player.
Most of the songs in this film are original and produced by Joe Elliott of Def Leppard. He produced more notably "Jimmy's Theme" and the title song.

</doc>
<doc id="2855054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855054" title="Aural Sculpture">
Aural Sculpture

Aural Sculpture is the eighth album recorded by The Stranglers. It was also the name given to a one-sided 7-inch single given free with a limited number of copies of their "Feline" album in 1983. The "Aural Sculpture Manifesto" on the 7" single was played before The Stranglers appeared on stage during concerts during both the 1983 "Feline" Tour and the 1985 "Aural Sculpture" Tour.
The album featured acoustic guitar as well as a three-piece horn section (trumpet, trombone and saxophone).
"Aural Sculpture" reached number 14 in the UK Albums Chart in November 1984. There were three singles released from the album: "Skin Deep" (No. 15 in the UK Singles Chart), "No Mercy" (No. 37 in the UK Singles Chart) and "Let Me Down Easy" (No. 48 in the UK Chart). All were accompanied by 12" single versions, while "No Mercy" had a further two format releases in picture disc and EP.
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks on the 2001 CD release:
12. "Here and There" 4:21 
13. "In One Door" 2:53 
14. "Head on the Line" 3:08 
15. "Achilles Heel" 2:54 
16. "Hot Club" (Riot Mix) 3:04 
17. "Place de Victoires" 4:09 
18. "Vladimir and the Beast (part 3)" 3:56 
19. "Vladimir Goes to Havana" 5:28
The tape version of the album had a Sinclair ZX Spectrum computer program called Aural Quest at the end of the tape, which could be loaded using the Spectrum's usual tape loading method. The program was an adventure game written using a framework called The Quill. Preceding the program was a short explanation of the following squeal, which was voiced by the band members.

</doc>
<doc id="2855058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855058" title="William Aikman">
William Aikman

William Aikman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855060" title="Patterson Creek Mountain">
Patterson Creek Mountain

Patterson Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge that forms the border between Mineral and Hampshire counties and Grant and Hardy Counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. The mountain's namesake, Patterson Creek, parallels its western flank. The southern end of the Patterson Creek Mountain is near the confluence of Lunice Creek and the South Branch Potomac River and its northern end is located southwest of Springfield. The mountain reaches its highest elevation at Charles Knob.
Summits and Knobs.
Patterson Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge made up of multiple peaks. The following are listed from the mountain's southern end to its northern end.

</doc>
<doc id="2855062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855062" title="Pedro of Brazil">
Pedro of Brazil

Pedro of Brazil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855066" title="Stranglers in the Night">
Stranglers in the Night

Stranglers in the Night is the eleventh album by The Stranglers, opened the recording career of the Stranglers MK II, with Paul Roberts on vocals and John Ellis on guitar. It was also the first release on the band's own record label, Psycho, in 1992. The band returned to a purer, less "produced" sound; the horns have departed and the songs have a less-constrained, harder edge. Styles vary from ballads such as "Southern Mountains" and "Grand Canyon" to the fast-paced "Sugar Bullets" and "Brainbox". The North American version of this album (with a white, rather than dark grey, cover) contained three extra tracks ("Coffee Shop", "Vicious Circles" and "So Uncool"), which were originally B-sides in the UK. The album peaked at No. 33 in the UK Albums Chart in September 1992. The single "Heaven And Hell" was released from the album, and peaked at No. 46 in the UK Singles Chart in August 1992. The follow-up single, "Sugar Bullets", failed to chart.

</doc>
<doc id="2855068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855068" title="Jerry White">
Jerry White

Jerry White may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855071" title="Kelly Cates">
Kelly Cates

Kelly Cates (née Dalglish, born on 28 September 1975) is a Scottish television presenter, currently working for ESPN.
Early life.
Born in Glasgow, Scotland, Kelly is the eldest of four children of former Liverpool player and manager, Kenny Dalglish and his wife Marina. Her brother Paul also had a professional football career. She also has two younger sisters, Lynsey and Lauren.
Career.
Television.
Cates was a presenter on Sky Sports News, and was part of the presenter line up for Virgin Media's new portal. She interviewed managers and footballers as part of Setanta's Premier League coverage in 2007, and was a presenter on Setanta Sports News.
From the 2009–10 football season, she has been part of the ESPN team for their Premier League coverage and co-presents "Talk of the Terrace" alongside Mark Chapman and for Series 2, Nat Coombs.
In May 2010 she presented the sports news on GMTV in the absence of regular host Dan Lobb. Cates then worked as a reporter for ITV at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa as well as for the 2011-2012 UEFA Champions League.
In 2012 she presented the sports news on "Daybreak" in the absence of Gavin Ramjaun. She was part of the UK Channel 4 presenting team for the London 2012 Paralympics.
In the Autumn of 2012, Cates presented the six-part Scottish television series "Coached Off the Couch" for STV.
Radio.
Cates was a regular presenter for national radio station talkSPORT, and hosted the Monday evening talk show between 7pm and 10pm alongside Jason Cundy.
Cates has presented "Fighting Talk" on Radio 5 Live, standing in for Colin Murray, and then presented on the station in Summer 2009. From August 2013 she will form one part of two partnerships to present 6-0-6 on the station, alongside pundit Ian Wright.
Personal life.
On 29 December 2007, Cates married her long term boyfriend Tom Cates at St Margaret's Church in Newlands, Glasgow and now appears on television under her married name of Kelly Cates. The couple have two children.
She is an avid Liverpool fan because of her father's long affiliation with the club. Cates is involved in supporting a football project in Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="2855086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855086" title="The Samurai (TV series)">
The Samurai (TV series)

The Samurai is a Japanese historical fiction television series made by Senkosha Productions during the early 1960s. Its original Japanese title was "Onmitsu Kenshi" (隠密剣士, "Spy Swordsman"). The series premiered in 1962 on TBS and ran continuously until 1965 for ten self-contained story arcs (seasons), usually of 13 episodes each. Also created were two black-and-white feature films by Toei Company, made in 1964 by the same crew which has created the TV series, and a stage show.
"The Samurai" proved to be highly successful despite its initially very limited budget. It was the first Japanese TV program ever screened in Australia, where it premiered in 1964 and built up a remarkably large fan-base among the local young audience at the time, rapidly becoming a cult favourite. Despite its massive popularity in Australia as well as success in Japan, New Zealand and the Philippines, the series was not widely screened elsewhere and its fame remains largely restricted to those countries.
It was followed in 1965 by the spin-off series "The New Samurai" ('新隠密剣士, "Shin Onmitsu Kenshi"), featuring a completely new main character, which was however cancelled after only 39 episodes, compared to the 128 episodes of the original series. In 1973, a color TV series was also made for 26 new episodes in an abortive attempt of a remake and then a short-lived reboot. All of the TV series were sponsored by Takeda Pharmaceutical.
1962 series.
Story.
The series portrayed the adventures of a roving samurai detective/spy, Akikusa Shintarō (秋草新太郎) (played by Koichi Ose), whose real identity is Matsudaira Nobuchiyo - the older half-brother of Tokugawa Ienari, the 11th Tokugawa shogun, who is still a minor. Because he is the son of a concubine, Nobuchiyo has no claim to power, so he assumes the guise of a wandering swordsman named Shintarō to seek out and eliminate plots by rival feudal lords and thus protect his younger brother.
Originally it was planned to make only four distinct stories, with a different hero in each, however Shintarō was received so well that he remained for the rest of the series in which, acting on secret orders from the rōjū (high councillor) Lord Matsudaira Sadanobu, he gathers information mostly in the various fiefdoms of the central Honshū and battles rival warriors and spies, often aided by his faithful ninja assistant Tombei the Mist (霧の遁兵衛, Kiri no Tonbei) (played by Fuyukichi Maki).
Characters.
Akikusa Shintarō appeared as the main character in all ten stories of "The Samurai", making his last appearance in the final episode "The Duel", where he was last seen on a boat with his arch-rival Kongō of Kōga, presumably about to engage in a duel to the death out on the lake. He lives among the ordinary people while posing as a rōnin (masterless samurai), working undercover to protect Ienari's position as the shogun. Shintarō is a master swordsman, using the two traditional swords of the samurai (the long katana and the short wakizashi). He is usually shown wearing a kimono, sometimes with a hakama, and has a ponytail (a top-knot and half-shaven head in the first season).
The series' second main character is Tombei the Mist, an Iga Ninja master considered to be the best of the Oniwabanshū employed by the shogun to guard his castle, who first appears in the third story arc (second season in the Australian TV broadcast) and promptly becomes Shintarō's regular sidekick. Tombei is a master of disguise, skilled with shuriken, swords (using the reverse-grip technique) and scaling hooks, also able to call-in the additional Men of Iga, and the two saved each other's lives numerous times. His outfit is a grey version of the shinobi shōzoku Iga outfit (as opposed to the black-clad ninja opponents) and he has a chonmage top-knot hair, sometimes covered by a grey ninja hood.
Later Shintarō is also accompanied by young boy with a pet monkey - Baba Shūsaku (played by Ōmori Shunsuke, replaced by Mitsuru Takeuchi for the first film). Some of the series other most memorable characters were its ninja antagonists, especially those played by the recurring Bin Amatsu.
Plot.
The opening arc is distinctly western-inspired, with much horseback riding and gun fighting. It portrays the native Ainu people sympathetically as they substitute for American Indians in the frontier-like Ezo (modern Hokkaidō). Fuyukichi Maki appears in several episodes as the Ainu rebel leader Kamokuin, while Bin Amatsu plays two minor roles. It was actually aired as the last season in the Australian run of the series, as it was less representative of the show as a whole.
Shintarō has been ordered to investigate the resources of the Matsumae clan and write a report about them. The lord of Matsumae suspects that this will lead to the shogunate taking control of his fiefdom and sends his fanatically loyal but rightful retainer, Kiba Jinjūrō (played by Toshiyuki Katsuki), who vows to kill Shintarō. During his investigation, Shintarō struggles to help the downtrodden local Japanese villagers and the oppressed Ainu, and also fights local bandits and smugglers, often inadvertently aided by his just rival Kiba.
The second story (aired as the first season in Australia) introduces ninja to the series, setting a theme that would then dominate "The Samurai". Set in Kai Province (modern Yamanashi Prefecture), the story follows the plot of a society of 13 master Kōga Ninja and their followers to use the lost gold mine of a 16th-century warlord Takeda Shingen to further their own ambitions - and Shintarō's efforts to foil them. The Kōga Ninja are led by Kōga Ryūshirō, a descendant of the founder of the Kōga, and include Genzō the Spider (played by Bin Amatsu, the first time in a ninja role), Kurobei who eventually defects to Shintaro, and the female ninja Oyo. Also introduced to the series is Shūsaku, a descendant of the great Takeda general Baba Nobukatsu, a real historical figure, whose father has been kidnapped by the Kōga Ninja.
Set in May 1788, the story concerns the mission of Shintarō, aided by Tombei and his group of Iga Ninja, to stop Momochi Genkurō (played by Toshiyuki Katsuki), the best swordsman in Japan, and the leader of a renegade group of ten master Iga Ninja from the Manji Valley who are hired by the Lord of Owari to assassinate Matsudaira Sadanobu on the Tōkaidō road in the region between Edo and Kyoto. Unknown to his employer, Momochi himself has a secret agenda, to plunge the country back into civil war and revive the golden age of ninjutsu. His group includes a woman ninja Okayo, who at first wants to avenge the death of her brother Koheita, but later develops feelings for Shintarō (a similar character, Kazeba the sister of Nuinosuke, appears in the follow-up story), and Gensai the Wolf (Okami no Gensai) played by Amatsu.
This story was shown in Australia after the final story even though it follows directly from "Iga Ninja" later on in 1788. It sees the return of Gensai the Wolf, who joins the Black Ninja (Yami Hōshi - literally Black Priest) group of Kōga Ninja led by Hakuunsai. The story revolves around an attempt to sign up disgruntled daimyo (feudal domain lords, called "landowners" in the series) in a political plot against the central government to install the young lord of the Owari clan as the new shogun. To further their aims the Black Ninja begin killing "secret samurai" in Edo and in the provinces to expose the elaborate system of spies that the shogunate employs to keep tabs on the domain lords. The Black Ninja hope that by doing this they can foment anger and dissatisfaction with the government and induce the clans to join in the plot. Shintarō foils all of the Black Ninja's plans, obtains the scroll containing the signatures of the plotters and eventually uncovers the instigator of the conspiracy and the true identity of Hakuunsai. Finally, in a great act of chivalry he saves the Owari clan from certain annihilation by destroying the proof of the plot against the shogunate.
Set in 1790 in and between Edo and Odawara, the story introduces Fūma Kotarō (the chief antagonist being again portrayed by Amatsu), a descendant and namesake of the infamous 16th century ninja Fūma Kotarō. He is obsessed with finding the buried treasure of the Hōjō clan lost at the end of the 16th century when Odawara Castle fell to Toyotomi Hideyoshi, and using the million pieces of gold it contains to revive the fortunes of the Fūma. Three mirrors hold the clues to its location: the Wind Thunder, the Water Tiger and the Fire Dragon mirrors. Most of the story is concerned with the efforts of the Fūma Ninja to find them and later to recover them from Shintarō and Tonbei who had taken them for safe-keeping. The younger sister of Fūma Kotarō, Oboro is introduced along the way and her attempts at obtaining the mirrors form a large part of the story. It ends with the apparent death of Fūma Kotarō when, wounded by Shintarō, he falls from a cliff.
This story continues the search for the Hōjō treasure which takes both Shintarō and the Fūma around the former Musashi and Sagami provinces. As in the case of two of the previous stories, a major enemy falls in love with Shintarō - this time it's the ninja princess Oboro (Naoko Saga, a pop singer from King Records), Kotarō's younger sister who has been introduced in the first part of the Fuma story and would also return in Contest of Death. Her attempts to aid Shintaro are discovered by Kotarō who orders his men to kill her. She is used as bait to trap Shintarō but he rescues her from certain death. In the end, Kotarō and Shintarō duel until Kotarō, apparently mortally wounded, blows himself up together with the treasure.
This story is set in Kii Province (modern Wakayama Prefecture) in December 1789 and concerns the succession of the new lord of Wakayama. The rightful heir is Prince Yorikata, supported by the retainer Oribe Hida and guarded by six Kishū Ninja led by Genyō. Opposed to him is another retainer, Naitō Daigaku, who wants to put Yorikata's younger brother Yoshitsuna in his place so he would become the regent and control Kii. Naitō eventually wants to also assassinate Ienari and install Yoshitsuna as the 12th shogun and control the entire country. To this end he employs the Negoro Ninja, led by Garyūdōshi (played by Yoshio Yoshida), to carry out his plans, while Shintarō and Tonbei aid Yorikata and the Kishū Ninja.
This story is set in and around Edo and concerns the mysterious Lord of Night (Kurayami no Gotairō) and his attempt to bring about Matsudaira Sadanobu's downfall by destroying those closest to him. To this end he hires Kongō of Kōga (actually Kotarō, returning due to popular demand from fans, and once again played by Amatsu) who in turn hires the seven Phantom (Maboroshi) Ninja from Phantom valley in Koga to assassinate those whose names appear in the so-called Book of Death. These include Tonbei and the other Iga Ninja as well as Shintarō. Shintarō thwarts all but one of the attempts to assassinate the others in the book and one by one he kills off the Phantom ninja, foiling their plot to disgrace Lord Sadanobu. In the end he is able to unmask the Lord of Night as Lord Rokkaku, one of the shogun's advisors.
This story is notable because the Phantom Ninja "baddies" are portrayed with some depth and sensitivity. It also portrays a woman Phantom ninja named Chidori as being in every way equal to her male companions with interesting ninja weapons and techniques of her own. She is also one of only three female ninja in the series who manage to resist Shintarō's charms and remain true to their cause (the other two being Oko in Ninja Terror and Namiji in Fuma Ninja Continued).
Set in Kyūshū, this story is about Shintarō's battles with a group of Puppet Ninja, led by the ancient master Genshin. Tonbei is sent to Hizen Province (modern Nagasaki and Saga prefectures) to spy on the lords there because of suspected smuggling. When he fails to report, Shintarō goes after him and discovers Genshin of the Shiranui clan has been bringing in guns smuggled from abroad and distributing them to other lords in Hizen with the ultimate aim of toppling the central government and taking control of Japan. Kongō reappears in this story, stalking Shintarō and even saving him from the hands of the Puppet Ninja once so he can kill him himself later. This story was shorter than usual (only 10 episodes) because of the broadcast of the 1964 Summer Olympics.
The originally final season of the whole series. Set in 1790, it tells of Kongō's attempts to have Shintarō assassinated by ninja of different schools, until they eventually turn on him instead. It ends with Kongō and Shintarō leaving together in a boat into the centre of a lake for a deciding final duel, Kongō rowing, while Tonbei, Shūsaku and Oboro (Kotarō/Kongō's sister from the Fuma Ninja stories) remained behind on the shore.
Music.
The music accompanying "The Samurai" was composed by Hirooki Ogawa and was quite innovative for the time. It uses both Western and traditional instruments, with percussion playing a large part. There is a series theme song which is played frequently using both vocal and instrumental variations, in various keys and tempos. There are also a number of leitmotifs which recur throughout the series. Individual stories often have their own musical themes, the most notable of these being the "running" music and the "House of Death" theme in Phantom Ninjas and the "puppet player" song in Puppet Ninja.
Reception.
Presumably responding to the increasing interest in Japan that accompanied the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, a few episodes of "The Samurai" were screened by Channel 9, Sydney in early 1964. After this first screening Channel 9 took the unprecedented step of inviting viewers to write in if they wanted to see more; the result was one of the largest viewer responses in the station's history, with thousands of letters sent in requesting more episodes. The entire series was shown, though the storylines were presented out of their original sequence as shown in Japan, which denied the Australian audience the intended effect of a mysterious, open-ended conclusion to the show. By 1965 it was the TV hit of the year, becoming the most popular programme in TCN-9's history up to that time, surpassing even The Mickey Mouse Club and sparking the first wave of ninja-mania outside of Japan. The level of popularity it attained is remarkable given there was still much resentment of Japan in Australia at the time, although it may be explained by the fact that most of the fans were children and teenagers. The program proved so popular that a promoter brought out star Ose Koichi and a large supporting troupe to appear in a specially written 90-minute stage play based on the show, which played to capacity houses in both in Sydney and Melbourne, and it was reported that more people (over 7,000, many of them in costume) turned out to greet him when he arrived at Essendon Airport in Melbourne than greeted The Beatles when they visited there in June 1964.
The success of "The Samurai" led Sydney TV channel ATN-7 to screen "Phantom Agents" ("Ninja Butai Gekkō"), another ninja-themed TV series but set in the 1960s Japan, which then developed its own cult following. Novelist Ruth Manley took names, even characters and incidents from the show and recast and wove them into her three children's novels based on Japanese myths and folklore, "The Plum Rain Scroll" (1978), "The Dragon Stone" (1982) and "The Peony Lantern" (1987). In 2009 SBS One broadcast a TV documentary titled "Shintaro! The Samurai Sensation That Swept a Nation" that reviewed the Australian impact of the show and then was itself released on DVD in 2010.
Home releases.
Two VHS tapes were released in Japan in 1999/2000, one of "The Samurai" (containing the episodes "The Man From Edo", "The Stolen Case" and "The Duel") and one of "The New Samurai" (the episodes "The Search for Kage", "An Enemy Returns" and "The Star Sword"). The whole series was released on DVD (20 discs in a boxed set) in June 2003, later re-released as separate stories in April 2004. The discs are Region 2 and in Japanese only.
Siren Visual released six story arcs of "The Samurai" on DVD in Australia between September 2002 and February 2006. In February 2010 Siren Visual Entertainment began releasing the complete series in English (remastered, with optional original Japanese sound track with subtitles) for the first time.
Films.
The first film, titled simply "Onmitsu Kenshi" and released on March 28, 1964, concerns a group of daimyo led by the Lord of Owari involved in a conspiracy to overthrow the shogun. The lead ninja antagonist, Kōga Ryūshirō from the second story, was again played by Bin Amatsu and the new character of his sister Kasumi was played by Junko Fuji. The English-subtitled version of the film was released on DVD as Detective Fencer.
The second film, titled "Zoku Onmitsu Kenshi" ("Spy Swordsman Continued") and released on August 2 of the same year, concerns the search for a buried treasure in seven gold mines in the Izu Peninsula and features the Fūma and the Iga ninja clans as well as the Tokugawa clan.
Other TV series.
"The New Samurai".
The sequel series, made by the same creators (again produced by Shinichi Nishimura, written by Masaru Igami, scored by Hirooki Ogawa and directed by Funatoko Sadao and Tōru Toyama), run from 1964 and 1965. The New Samurai ("Shin Onmitsu Kenshi") was originally aired in three story arcs on TBS between October 7, 1973 to March 31, 1974, however it failed to repeat the success of the first series. In Australia, where the first-run episodes of the new series replaced its predecessor on NWS-9 in January 1972, the new show was itself taken over just two weeks later by "Josie and the Pussycats".
The story of the second series is taking place in the turbulent Satsuma Domain in southern Kyūshū. This time the main character is Kage Shinnosuke (影信之介) (played by Shinichirō Hayashi), the head of the Kage (Shadow) Ninja group, aided by a ninja girl Kanae (played by Mizue Shiratori), a boy named Daisaku (played by Hideki Ninomiya), and the returning Tonbei the Mist (played again by Maki) who has been sent to investigate the mysterious unrest there. Bin Amatsu also returned in his usual role of a villain, playing Togakure Genki, chieftain of the Black Tide band of ninja pirates.
1973 series.
"The Samurai" was revived in conjunction with Toei in October 1973 as a new, color series starring Shinichi Ogishima as Shintarō. As by this time Sadao Funatoko had died, the direction was given to his former assistant director, Akira Kikuchi. Traditionally, the head villain (the Akame ninja leader Garō Tessō) was played by Amatsu and Maki was also cast in his usual role of Shintarō's ninja companion, this time named Kayazaru (賀夜猿), but otherwise the cast was new, including Kyōko Yoshizawa as Shintarō's love interest and Masahide Yamada as his new boy sidekick. Two distinctively different seasons were made, each containing 13 episodes.
The series began on TBS on October 7, 1973 under the title "Onmitsu Kenshi" in the style of the original show. However, due to the failing ratings, in its second story arc the series has been renamed as "Onmitsu Kenshi: Tsuppashire!" (隠密剣士突っ走れ！) and pitted the hero against a variety of supernatural enemies such as demons, ghosts and dragons. Just as the previous attempt, this one also failed to achieve the success level of the original, and so the franchise's final episode was aired on March 31, 1974.
Sources.
Nikki White's extensive fansite (with permission) and the Japanese Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="2855092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855092" title="Birgit Cullberg">
Birgit Cullberg

Birgit Cullberg (3 August 1908 – 8 September 1999) was a Swedish choreographer. The daughter of bank manager Carl Cullberg and Elna Westerström, Cullberg was born in Nyköping and married from 1942 to 1949 to actor Anders Ek. She was the mother of Niklas Ek, Mats Ek, and Malin Ek.
Cullberg studied ballet under Kurt Jooss-Leeder and Lilian Karina and at The Royal Ballet, London (1952–1957). In 1960, Cullberg was appointed director and choreographer at the Stockholm City Theatre. Some of her choreographies were premiered at the Royal Opera in Stockholm.
Cullberg gained international recognition by founding the Cullberg Ballet in the 1960s. On her retiring in 1985, her son Mats Ek took over the ballet company. The Swedish Arts Grants Committee instituted the Cullberg scholarship in her honour, and she was awarded an honorary professorship at Stockholm University, where she had studied when she was young. She also received the French honour "Commendeur des Arts et Lettres" and the Italian honour "Cavaliere Ufficiale".

</doc>
<doc id="2855093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855093" title="Solomon Nikritin">
Solomon Nikritin

Solomon Nikritin (, 1898–1965) was a Ukrainian painter, avant-garde artist ( Neo-Primitivist, Constructivist), graphic artist, designer, and author.
Biography.
Solomon Nikritin was born in Chernihiv, Ukraine.
In 1909–1914 he attended Kiev Art School (KKHU).
In 1914–1917 he studied under the painters Leonid Pasternak and Alexander Jakovlev in Moscow and in St. Petersburg.
In 1916 he participated in an exhibition of contemporary art in Moscow.
In 1917 Nikritin returned to Kiev and studied in the studio of Aleksandra Ekster.
In 1920-1922 he studied at the Moscow Higher Artistic-Technical Workshops (VKhUTEMAS).
In 1922 Nikritin participated in the "First Russian Art Exhibition" in the Gallery van Diemen in Berlin together with Kazimir Malevich, Alexander Archipenko, Aleksandra Ekster, El Lissitzky, Nathan Altman and others.
In 1922 he participated in the founding of the group, the Projectionists, together with Kliment Red'ko and Tishler among others.
From 1923 to 1924 he together with Red'ko developed theories of "Electroorganism" and "Luminism".
In 1923 Nikritin was co-founder of the experimental stage, Theatre of Projectionism in Moscow.
From 1929 to 1930 he taught at the high school for art education in Riazan.
He was a head of the Poly-Technical Museum in Moscow.
From 1931 he was a member of the association "Isobrigade".
Nikritin died in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="2855094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855094" title="About Time (The Stranglers album)">
About Time (The Stranglers album)

About Time is the twelfth studio album from The Stranglers and the second one from the Black, Burnel, Greenfield, Roberts and Ellis line-up. The album was released in 1995. It was co-produced, engineered and mixed by Alan Winstanley, who had worked with the Stranglers on their first four albums (as the engineer on "Rattus Norvegicus", "No More Heroes" and "Black and White" and producer on "The Raven"). Nigel Kennedy plays electric violin on "Face", and a string-quartet is used on three of the eleven tracks ("Face", "Still Life" and "Sinister"). 
"Lies and Deception" was the only single released from the album, it is one of the few Stranglers songs solely written by drummer Jet Black. Released as two CDs, CD1 was backed with non-album tracks "Swim" and "Cool Danny", CD2 was backed with non-album tracks "Kiss The World Goodbye" and "Bed of Nails". 
The album peaked at No. 31 in the UK Albums Chart in May 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2855101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855101" title="Age class structure">
Age class structure

Age class structure in fisheries and wildlife management is a part of population assessment. Age can be determined by counting growth rings in fish scales, otoliths, cross-sections of fin spines for species with thick spines such as triggerfish, or teeth for a few species. Each method has its merits and drawbacks. Fish scales are easiest to obtain, but may be unreliable if scales have fallen off of the fish and new ones grown in their places. Fin spines may be unreliable for the same reason, and most fish do not have spines of sufficient thickness for clear rings to be visible. Otoliths will have stayed with the fish throughout its life history, but obtaining them requires killing the fish. Also, otoliths often require more preparation before ageing can occur.
Analyzing fisheries age class structure.
An age class structure with gaps in it, for instance a regular bell curve for the population of 1-5 year-old fish, excepting a very low population for the 3-year-olds, implies a bad spawning year 3 years ago in that species. 
Often fish in younger age class structures have very low numbers because they were small enough to slip through the sampling nets, and may in fact have a very healthy population.

</doc>
<doc id="2855102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855102" title="William Aikman (writer)">
William Aikman (writer)

William Aikman (1824–1909) was an American writer and pastor.
According to his work "The Future of the Colored Race in America", he was pastor of the Hanover Street Presbyterian Church in Wilmington, Delaware, where he ministered for eleven years from 2 June 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="2855108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855108" title="Kerala Socialist Party">
Kerala Socialist Party

Kerala Socialist Party (KSP) was a political party in India founded under the leadership of Mathai Manjooran on September 21, 1947 at Kozhikode. It began as a small party, but its front-line leaders compelled the party deep into the public imagination.
In the changed atmosphere of the present it is hard to evoke the degree of excitement and promise the new party held out to the State. Within the short time span of two decade and a half of its coming into existence KSP came to play a larger-than-life role in the political landscape of the post-independence Kerala State.
Among its founding members other than Mathai Manjooran there was N. Sreekantan Nair, M.P. Menon (who later went on to become a Judge of the High Court of Kerala), K. Balakrishnan (son of the veteran Congress leader C. Kesavan), John Manjooran, K.C.K.M. Mather, P. K. Balakrishnan, K.R. Chummar, G. Janardhana Kurup, T.P. Chakrapani, M.T. Lazar, A.P. Pillai to name only some of the prominent leaders. It was one among the seven parties that came together to form a coalition government under the chiefministership of E.M.S. Namboodiripad in the 1967.
The fate of the KSP however was sealed within its makeup. It goes naturally that such an explosive combination of talents could not get along together in harmony for long. In 1949 October, within 2 years of its inception the party underwent a split and N. Sreekantan Nair, Baby John and K. Balakrishnan joined the Revolutionary Socialist Party, then a small socialist party confined to Bengal.
Other prominent leaders of the KSP were as follows:
Important members and fellow travellers of the KSP.

</doc>
<doc id="2855112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855112" title="Chris Lowe (journalist)">
Chris Lowe (journalist)

John Christopher Lowe (born 25 January 1949 in Scotland) is a news presenter who worked for BBC News for 37 years until his retirement on 4 January 2009.
Education.
Lowe was educated at Dragon School in Oxford, Haileybury College, and at Brasenose College, Oxford.
Career.
After graduation in 1972, Lowe intended to train as a teacher. He joined the BBC on the same day as Jeremy Paxman under the graduate journalist programme. He was a political correspondent at Westminster. He spent time in Northern Ireland during the worst of the Troubles, and then as far afield as Ethiopia and Argentina.
From the mid-1990s he was a newsreader on BBC One bulletins. He later became a frequent presenter on radio programmes such as PM. He then presented on the BBC News Channel on Fridays between 7pm and 10pm, and Saturdays and Sundays between 7pm and 12 midnight. His co-presenter was Annita McVeigh; he previously worked with Joanna Gosling.
Lowe was replaced in April 2009 by Clive Myrie.
Personal life.
Married, Chris Lowe lived in Ealing, west London. Both his son and daughter work as sports presenters, with daughter Rebecca Lowe working as a sports reporter and presenter for NBC Sports in the US.
A lifelong Crystal Palace supporter, Lowe is an elected member of the Executive Board of Middlesex County Cricket Club, and is a former chairman of its Dining Club. He also chairs regular forums for The Cricket Society and was appointed as a vice-president in 2006, a position he shares with Tim Rice .

</doc>
<doc id="2855120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855120" title="Written in Red">
Written in Red

Written in Red is the thirteenth studio album recorded by The Stranglers. It was produced by Gang of Four's Andy Gill.
The media launch-party for "Written in Red" was held on 13 December 1996 at EuroDisney in Paris, and featured live performances of tracks from the effort. Other tracks performed at the event include "Always the Sun", "Golden Brown" and "Let Me Introduce You to the Family".
The week the album was released, the band performed at several HMV branches including those located in Birmingham, Nottingham, Sheffield and Leeds.
"In Heaven She Walks" was the only single to be taken from the album, released on 3 February 1997. The single was in two parts: the first CD featured a sleeve similar to the "Written in Red" cover, with a track listing of: "In Heaven She Walks", a live version of "Golden Brown" from 1995, and an extended version of "In Heaven She Walks". The second CD sleeve featured a still from the video; the tracks were "In Heaven She Walks", and live versions of "Grip" and "Something Better Change" (also from 1995).
It was the first Stranglers studio album that failed to reach the Top 40 in the UK Albums Chart, peaking at No. 52 in February 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="2855123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855123" title="Eleanor Friedberger">
Eleanor Friedberger

Eleanor Friedberger (born September 2, 1976 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American musician most famous for being one half of the indie rock duo The Fiery Furnaces, along with her older brother Matthew Friedberger. In the band she contributes the majority of the vocals both on record and during their live performances. Friedberger grew up singing with her grandmother Olga Sarantos and family in a Greek Orthodox Church. She previously dated Alex Kapranos of the Scottish rock band Franz Ferdinand, and the band's song "Eleanor Put Your Boots On" is considered by fans of both bands to be about her.
Friedberger released her first solo album "Last Summer" on 12 July 2011 through Merge Records. Friedberger released her second album, "Personal Record", on 4 June 2013. 
Friedberger's brother Matthew dedicated his 2006 solo album "Winter Women" to her.

</doc>
<doc id="2855129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855129" title="Shintarō">
Shintarō

Shintarō is any of several Japanese given names. They consist of a prefix followed by "tarō," which alone is a name common among first sons. Prefixes carry additional meaning, such as "new"; many of these can stand alone as a given name.
Real people who have used the name include 
In fiction, Akikusa Shintaro was the nom de guerre of the lead character from the cult 1960s Japanese TV series "The Samurai".

</doc>
<doc id="2855131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855131" title="Ilkhchi">
Ilkhchi

Ilkhchi (, also Romanized as Īlkhchī; ) is a city in and the capital of Ilkhchi District, in Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13,927, in 4,014 families. 
Ilkhchi is located south east of Tabriz. The main economic activity is agriculture. Almost entire population of the Ilkhchi are followers of Alevi sect of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="2855132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855132" title="Princess Januária of Brazil">
Princess Januária of Brazil

Princess Januária of Brazil (; "Januária Maria Joana Carlota Leopoldina Cândida Francisca Xavier de Paula Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga"; 11 March 1822 – 13 March 1901) was a Brazilian princess and Portuguese infanta (princess). She was the second daughter of Pedro I of Brazil and IV of Portugal and his wife Maria Leopoldina, Archduchess of Austria. 
Background.
Januária was born at the Imperial Palace in Rio de Janeiro a Brazilian princess and Infanta of Portugal. 
Heiress and marriage.
From 1835 until 1845, she held the title Princess Imperial of Brazil, as the heir presumptive of her brother Emperor Pedro II. When her sister Maria was excluded from the Brazilian line of succession by law no. 91 of 30 October 1835, Januária became heir presumptive to the throne of the Empire of Brazil. Her younger brother Emperor Pedro II was then a minor, and consideration was given to declaring her Regent, though this never materialized. As only a Brazilian member of the Imperial house could inherit the throne, it became critically important for marriages to be arranged for Januária Maria, Pedro II, and their sister Francisca.
Spouses for both Januária and Pedro II were found in the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Her marriage to Prince Louis of the Two Sicilies, Count of Aquila (brother of Pedro II's new wife, Empress Teresa Cristina) was celebrated on 28 April 1844 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Her husband was a son of Francis I of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Isabella of Spain. Friction developed between the Count of Aquila and the Emperor, and Januária Maria and Aquila were eventually permitted to leave Brazil in October 1844. In 1845, Januária Maria's position as heir presumptive, and the restrictions it entailed, was lost with the birth of Pedro II's first child, Afonso, Prince Imperial of Brazil.
The city of Januária in Minas Gerais was named in her honor. She died in Nice in 1901.
Children.
Januária and Louis had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="2855134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855134" title="KSP">
KSP

KSP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855140" title="Wachlarz">
Wachlarz

Wachlarz (, "folding fan") was a Polish World War II resistance organization formed by the Armia Krajowa for sabotage duties behind the German Eastern Front, outside of the Polish borders. Its commanders were Lt.Col. Jan Włodarkiewicz (until 1942) and Lt.Col. Adam Remigiusz Grocholski
Originally formed in 1941, shortly after the outbreak of the Nazi-Soviet war, the organization was subordinate to Związek Walki Zbrojnej and bore the cryptnonym "18", later changed to "27". The final name, Wachlarz, was a result of the subdivision of the organization onto several branches, each trying to spread its influence from certain portions of the Polish border deep into the Soviet territory. There were five different sectors of Wachlarz, each acting independently and formed along several main supply lines of the German war machine:
The main aim of the organization was to prepare reconnaissance, intelligence, sabotage and diversion between the Eastern Front and the pre-war Polish borders, from the Baltic Sea to southern Ukraine. By cutting the supply lines and disruptung troop movement, the organization was to be prepared to cut the German lines during the planned all-national uprising. The aim was to separate the German army from its supply depots and allow for the Polish underground forces to liberate Poland while the Germans in the USSR are crushed both from the east and the west.
Operations.
Initially the unit was formed of officers of the Tajna Armia Polska organization, incorporated into the ZWZ in 1941. After its formation, the Armia Krajowa took the command over Wachlarz. Although at its height the organization had roughly 1000 highly trained members, most of whom were trained in commando warfare as the Cichociemni and after 1942 it carried over more than 100 major acts of sabotage, including the destruction of over 30 major supply depots, its effectiveness was seriously hindered by both the Gestapo and the Soviet partisans. The most notable success was cutting all railway lines leading to and from Minsk in May 1942 and a similar action in Brześć in August of the same year. Between December 1942 and February of the following year a large part of the 4th sector was arrested by the Gestapo. They were liberated from the Pińsk prison in a successful rescue action by sixteen "Cichociemni" parachuters under the command of Jan Piwnik according to "Captain" Wacław Kopisto who was one of them, all dressed in German uniforms.
Before March 1943 all units of Wachlarz were incorporated into the KeDyw underground organization.

</doc>
<doc id="2855142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855142" title="Morris Ketchum">
Morris Ketchum

Morris Ketchum (February 1796 – January 1, 1880) was an American banker and financier of the 19th century. In 1832 he partnered with Thomas Rogers and Jasper Grosvenor to form the manufacturing firm of Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor; this firm eventually grew into Rogers Locomotive Works, the second most popular steam locomotive manufacturing company in North America.
Ketchum was also a director of the Illinois Central Railroad. During his time on the board, he was able to funnel many of that railroad's locomotive orders to Rogers.
Morris Ketchum, with his son Edward B. Ketchum, led the financial firm of Ketchum, Son and Company in New York City. Edward was later found to have embezzled nearly $2.5 million to cover his losses in the 1860s; it was Morris's good reputation that kept the public from suspecting Edward of embezzlement for a time.

</doc>
<doc id="2855144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855144" title="Coup de Grace (The Stranglers album)">
Coup de Grace (The Stranglers album)

Coup de Grace is the fourteenth album by The Stranglers released in 1998.
The tracks on "Coup de Grace" represent a greater writing input from Jean Jacques Burnel (JJ Burnel) than on more recent outings; he also sings four of the ten tracks. Heavily influenced by the band's troop-entertaining trips to such places as the Falkland Islands and Bosnia, and (in JJ's words) "life in general", the tracks cover such topics as the ravages of war, religious conflicts, and failed relationships. In album includes the minimally-accompanied ballad "In the End". 
The album failed to reach the official UK Albums Chart, their first such release to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="2855154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855154" title="Grias">
Grias

Grias is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lecythidaceae, native to tropical South America and the Caribbean. They are small to medium-sized trees, growing to 5-15 m tall. The leaves are evergreen, alternate, simple, broad lanceolate, very large, up to 1 m long, with an entire or waved margin. The flowers are creamy white to yellow, with four petals; they are cauliflorous, produced in clusters on the trunk and stouter branches. The fruit is 6-15 cm long, with a fleshy coat; it is edible in several species.

</doc>
<doc id="2855159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855159" title="Balcombe">
Balcombe

Balcombe is a village and civil parish in the Mid Sussex district of West Sussex, England. It lies south of London, north of Brighton, and east north east of the county town of Chichester. Nearby towns include Crawley to the north west and Haywards Heath to the south south east.
History.
The name Balcombe may mean "Mining Place Camp". "Bal" is a Cornish word meaning a mining place as in Bal Maidens, and the same word may have existed in Ancient British Celtic. Although Coombe or Combe can mean a valley, it can also come from the Roman "camp". So possibly from its name Balcombe could have once been a Romano-British mining settlement.
South of Balcombe on the London to Brighton railway line is the Ouse Valley Viaduct. Designed and engineered by John Urpeth Rastrick (1780–1856) in consultation with the talented architect David Mocatta, it was completed in 1842. It is high and 500 yards long. It has 37 arches and was built with 11 million imported Dutch bricks.
The village has a series of murals about World War I in its Victory Hall. Lady Gertrude Denman commissioned artist Neville Lytton to paint the thirty-four feet (10 m) long by ten feet (3 m) high frescoes. The murals were featured on a television programme about the war in 2005.
Balcombe was the birthplace of Colour Sergeant (later Lieutenant Colonel) Frank Bourne DCM, who fought at the battle of Rorke's Drift in the Zulu War. He was the last British survivor of that battle when he died in Dorking in 1945. Famous residents included actor Paul Scofield.
The River Ouse was once navigable from the south coast to Balcombe.
Rail transport.
The village has a railway station which lies just north of Haywards Heath on the Brighton Main Line. Balcombe railway station helped expand a predominantly farming community into one of the popular London commuter villages. The station offers direct services to London and Brighton. To the north of the village is Balcombe tunnel.
Oil exploration.
Test drilling and possible fracking for petroleum deposits was proposed in 2012. A protest group was formed and a picnic was held. There was considerable opposition in the local population to exploration plans. Cuadrilla Resources, the company that proposes to drill the well, engaged in public relations efforts attempting to convince villagers that the project was both useful and safe. Previous exploration by Conoco in the same area in 1986 was abandoned. In July 2013 a license to drill the well was granted by the Environment Agency and Cuadrilla began transporting equipment and supplies to the test site. The well would be deep with a possible horizontal leg. As of August 2013 Balcombe had emerged as a focus of opposition to fracking in the Weald Basin of southeast England and vigorous protests were in progress.
Villages.
Other villages within the parish include Balcombe Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="2855162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855162" title="Cave Hill, Barbados">
Cave Hill, Barbados

Cave Hill, in Barbados can refer to two areas located on the island-nation of Barbados. For one of the main campuses of the University of the West Indies located at Cave Hill, St. Michael see below.
The "Cave Hill" are in Barbados can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855163" title="Faculdade de Filosofia, Ciências e Letras de Ribeirão Preto">
Faculdade de Filosofia, Ciências e Letras de Ribeirão Preto

The Faculdade de Filosofia, Ciências e Letras de Ribeirão Preto (FFCLRP), also known as Filô, is a liberal arts college (according to the French university tradition, in Brazil they nominate philosophy, sciences and letters as their undergraduate subjects, although some of these courses are not offered) of the University of São Paulo campus at Ribeirão Preto, state of São Paulo, Brazil.
The school was created by a decree of the state government of São Paulo in October 1959. However, it began to function effectively with its first courses in 1966, only. In the beginning the school was helped by the Faculdade de Medicina de Ribeirão Preto (Medical School of the University of São Paulo). Its first director was a medical professor, Dr. Lucien Lison and several of the classrooms were shared with the medical school at its campus. Later, the FFCLRP built its own premises in the same campus. Presently it occupies an area of 21.208 m².
The school's motto is "Experientia Fides Nostra" (Experience is Our Faith) and the owl in the crest of arms refers to the symbol of Athena, the Greek goddess of wisdom and knowledge.
Presently FFCLRP-USP has four academic departments: 
The following baccalaureate courses are offered: 
FFCLRP has also an extensive post-graduate school, with courses in the following areas:
Presently (December 2004), 1313 undergraduate students are enrolled. More than 5,800 students already graduated since its inauguration. There are also 496 graduate students (213 in Masters and 283 in Doctoral programs). There are 148 professors, the majority with tenure and full time.
There are several research laboratories and community extension centers affiliated to FFCLP:

</doc>
<doc id="2855166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855166" title="Peel Session TX 09/03/00">
Peel Session TX 09/03/00

Peel Session TX 09/03/00 is an EP by Mira Calix, released by Warp Records in 2000. The label released a number of sessions by their artists, including Autechre and Boards of Canada, recorded for the renowned John Peel show on BBC Radio 1.
Mira Calix's "Peel Session" was recorded on 9 March 2000, and released in September of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="2855168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855168" title="Date Tsunamura">
Date Tsunamura

Tsunamura, originally called by his childhood name of Kamechiyo, became "daimyo" in 1660 at the age of one, under the guardianship of his uncles Munekatsu and Muneyoshi. His grandfather (Date Tadamune) had died two years earlier, and his father Tsunamune was deposed as lord by his uncles' political manipulations.
For ten years, the commoners, peasants and vassals of the Date complained against his uncles' misgovernment and a number of violent uprisings erupted. In 1671, events came to a head as Aki Muneshige, a relative of the Date, made a formal complaint to the capital. After a series of investigations, and the scandalous murder of Aki Muneshige, Tsunamura's rule was confirmed, and his uncles punished.

</doc>
<doc id="2855185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855185" title="Donzell McDonald">
Donzell McDonald

Donzell McDonald (born February 20, 1975) is a retired professional baseball outfielder. He has played parts of two seasons in Major League Baseball in 2001-02. Donzell is the older brother of Darnell McDonald, who also played professional baseball.
Early life.
McDonald grew up in Fort Collins, Colorado. He attended Cherry Creek High School, then went on to Trinidad Community College and moved to Yavapai College with coach Nino Giarratano.
Professional career.
Donzell was drafted by the New York Yankees in the 22nd round, 618th overall, in the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft. The switch hitting center fielder was known for his speed. Twice he stole over 50 bases in the minor leagues, and six times stole more than 30. Although power was not his forte, he did show some pop with seven home runs in 112 games with the Omaha Royals in 2002. His career strikeout to walk ratio has been subpar.
He made his major league debut in 2001. He played 5 games with the Yankees that year, got 3 at-bats, and 1 hit. He was last in the Yankees farm system in 2004, after being in the Cleveland Indians, Kansas City Royals, and Atlanta Braves farm systems. He has spent the past several years in the Mexican League and independent leagues. In 2010, he played center field for the Acereros de Monclova in Mexico.
Personal.
Donzell currently resides in Arizona. He currently runs a program for potential baseball players and kids. His brother is outfielder Darnell McDonald and his cousin is pitcher James McDonald. He is the current hitting coach for the Arizona League Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="2855187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855187" title="Princess Francisca of Brazil">
Princess Francisca of Brazil

Dona Francisca (2 August 1824 – 27 March 1898) was a princess of the Empire of Brazil. She was a daughter of Emperor Dom Pedro I, who also reigned as King Dom Pedro IV of Portugal, and his first wife Dona Maria Leopoldina. She married a son of Louis Philippe I and had three children. Through her only surviving daughter, she is an ancestor of Prince Henri, Count of Paris, the present Orléanist pretender to the French throne.
Biography.
Francisca was born on 2 August 1824 in the Palace of São Cristóvão, in Rio de Janeiro, capital of the Empire of Brazil. Her name in full was Francisca Carolina Joana Carlota Leopoldina Romana Xavier de Paula Micaela Gabriela Rafaela Gonzaga. Through her father, Emperor Dom Pedro I, she was a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza (Portuguese: "Bragança") and was referred to using the honorific "Dona" (Lady) from birth. Her mother was the Archduchess Maria Leopoldina of Austria, daughter of Franz II, the last Holy Roman Emperor. Through her, Francisca was a niece of Napoleon Bonaparte and first cousin of Emperors Napoleon II of France, Franz Joseph I (Francis Joseph I) of Austria-Hungary and Don Maximiliano I (Maximilian I) of Mexico.
Francisca married Prince François of Orléans, third son of Louis Philippe I and his Italian Queen Maria Amalia of Naples. François, called the Prince of Joinville, and Francisca married in Rio de Janeiro on 1 May 1843. The bride was 19, the groom 25. Her portrait was painted when she arrived in Paris, in 1844, by Ary Scheffer (coll. Musée de la Vie romantique, Paris).
Their only daughter Princess Françoise of Orléans married her first cousin Prince Robert, Duke of Chartres and became the mother of the Orléanist pretender Prince Jean, Duke of Guise. Her son Pierre never married, but had two illegitimate children by a married woman..
When the Orléans family fled France, they settled in England living at Claremont; It was there that Francisca gave birth to a still born daughter in 1849; the next year, the exiled King Louis Philippe I died himself. During the rule of the House of Bonaparte of the Second Empire, the Orléans family returned to France; Francisca herself died in Paris aged 73. Her husband outlived her by two years dying in Paris in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="2855199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855199" title="Ardala">
Ardala

Ardala is a locality situated in Skara Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 725 inhabitants in 2010. It was founded in 1890 and used to have a grocery store and a library, but is now only a residential area with mostly villas and one-family-houses.

</doc>
<doc id="2855208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855208" title="Institute of Engineering and Technology, DAVV">
Institute of Engineering and Technology, DAVV

The Institute of Engineering & Technology, commonly referred to as IET, is an engineering college of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya. The college was founded as an autonomous institute in 1996. It is located in the Takshashila campus of the university on Khandwa Road in the south-east of Indore city, Madhya Pradesh, India. According to Carrier-360 National Ranking 72 and State (Madhya Pradesh) Ranking 2 
IET offers undergraduate and graduate engineering programs in more than five disciplines along with hosting research labs and student outreach programs.
History.
The institute was founded in 1996 to provide education in the field of Engineering. This is the University Teaching Department of Devi Ahilya University.
Academics.
The institute offers undergraduate and postgraduate awards B.E, M.E, and M.Sc.
The institute provides education in the following disciplines. 
Apart from this, IET accommodates Indian Institute of Technology, Indore inside its campus.
Infrastructure.
The institute has four departmental blocks - Computer and IT block, Civil block, Electronics block, and Mechanical block along with the main block. The institute has buildings for library, workshop, and automobile testing. Currently Indian Institute of Technology Indore is running in IET campus and share the labs and libraries of the college.
Cultural Festivals.
Kaleidoscope, Mridaksh, Maylanjh, and Udaan are the annual cultural and technical festivals of state's leading engineering institute, Institute of Engineering & Technology, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya held roughly across mid week of February has come to become a celebration, that everyone in central India look forward to. The first edition of these events was held in year 2000 and every year since then it is regularly getting upgraded, attaining both participation and popularity. IET organized rock concerts of many celebrities such as Kailash Kher, KK (singer), Euphoria (Indian band), etc. in IET DAVV Indore.
Academics.
Electronics and instrumentation engineers of the college have secured top positions in the all India GATE examinations for several consecutive years. In 2008 the institute produced five students in top 25 AIR in the GATE exam. In 2011 3rd rank of GATE + admission in IIM B through CAT and many such student getting excellent results in both CAT, GATE. Every year 5+ students were in top 100 ranks of GATE in each branch are from IET-DAVV college. In simple word environment in IET-DAVV is giving excellent opportunities in doing Jobs, Post Graduation, and establishing enterprise. For example many technical loving students got selection in IIT's, pursuing Post Graduation from International Universities like North Carolina University, Cincinnati University, Ohio State University, Carnegie Mellon University etc and others students loving management are in institutes like IIM, NITIE, XLRI, IIFT, FMS, SIBM. Even more many alumni had started their own Enterprises and few other students from IET-DAVV also serving in INDIAN ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICE like IAS, IFS, IES, PSC etc.
Placements.
Almost all eligible students get placements from the institute. Major recruiters include Infosys, TCS, CSC, Atos Origin, Tata Technologies, Tech Mahindra, Persistent, Cap Gemini, Adobe, Syntel, HSBC, HCL, Accenture and Larsen & Toubro Infotech, WIPRO, Impetus, Patni, IGATE, fiserv, TekLink, Mu Sigma, NEC-HCL.
Core companies for Electronics Instrumentation, Electronics and telecommunication, Mechanical and Civil Engineering, are Honda, LG, Volvo-Eicher, Mahindra(2 Wheeler), TAFE, Bosch, Reliance Power, Vedanta Resources, Mahindra and Mahindra, Avantha(Power), Sankalp Semiconductor, L&T(Construction), Force, MAN-Force Motors, WIPRO(VLSI), Kirloskar. Adobe offered 10 lakhs per annum(in India) which is highest and average is 4 lakh per annum(in India).

</doc>
<doc id="2855213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855213" title="Amaranthus viridis">
Amaranthus viridis

Amaranthus viridis is a cosmopolitan species in the botanical family Amaranthaceae and is commonly known as Slender Amaranth or Green Amaranth.
Gastronomy.
"Amaranthus viridis" is eaten in Northeastern Indian state Manipur where its known as "Cheng-kruk" and eaten traditionally as a vegetable in South India, especially in Kerala, where it is known as ""Kuppacheera"" കുപ്പച്ചീര. 
In Greece it is called vlita (βλήτα) and is one of the varieties of "horta" or greens known in Greek cuisine which are boiled and served with olive oil and lemon. 
It is also eaten as a vegetable in parts of Africa.
In Jamaica it is eaten as a vegetable and is known locally as callaloo (not to be confused with callaloo of most other countries). The leaves of this plant, known as "massaagu" in Dhivehi, have been used in the diet of the Maldives for centuries in dishes such as "mas huni".
"Amaranthus viridis" is used as a medicinal herb in traditional Ayurvedic medicine, under the Sanskrit name "Tanduliya".

</doc>
<doc id="2855215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855215" title="Amaranthus hybridus">
Amaranthus hybridus

Amaranthus hybridus, commonly called smooth amaranth, smooth pigweed, red amaranth, or slim amaranth, is a species of annual flowering plant. It is a weedy species found now over much of North America and introduced into Europe and Eurasia. 
Description.
"A. hybridus" grows from a short taproot and can be up to 2.5 m in height. It is a glabrous or glabrescent plant.
Distribution.
"A. hybridus" was originally a pioneer plant in eastern North America. It has been reported to have been found in every state except Wyoming, Utah, and Alaska. It is also found in many provinces of Canada, and in parts of Mexico, the West Indies, Central America, and South America. It has been naturalized in many places of warmer climate. It grows in many different places, including disturbed habitats.
Taxonomy.
It is extremely variable, and many other "Amaranthus" species are believed to be natural hybridizations or derive from "A. hybridus".
As a weed.
Although easily controlled and not particularly competitive, it is recognized as a harmful weed of North American crops. The plant was used for food and medicine by several Native American groups and in traditional African medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2855216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855216" title="Amaranthus wrightii">
Amaranthus wrightii

Amaranthus wrightii is a species of flowering plant. It goes by the common name of Wright's Amaranth.

</doc>
<doc id="2855217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855217" title="Amaranthus caudatus">
Amaranthus caudatus

Amaranthus caudatus is a species of annual flowering plant. It goes by common names such as love-lies-bleeding, love-lies-a'bleeding, pendant amaranth, tassel flower, velvet flower, foxtail amaranth, and quilete.
Many parts of the plants, including the leaves and seeds, are edible, and are frequently used as a source of food in India and South America – where it is the most important Andean species of "Amaranthus", known as kiwicha. (see also Amaranth seed and Andean ancient plants) This species, as with many other of the amaranths, are originally from the American tropics. The exact origin is unknown, as "A. caudatus" is believed to be a wild "Amaranthus hybridus" aggregate.
The red color of the inflorescences is due to a high content of betacyanins, as in the related species known as "Hopi red dye" amaranth. Ornamental garden varieties sold under the latter name are either "Amaranthus cruentus" or a hybrid between "A. cruentus" and "A. powelli". In indigenous agriculture, "A. cruentus" is the Central American counterpart to South American "A. caudatus".
Cultivation.
"A. caudatus" can grow anywhere from 3 to 8 feet in height, and grows best in full sun. It can handle a variety of conditions, both humid and arid. It is easily grown from seed.
In most of its range, it is planted as a summer annual. In temperate regions, plants can be started indoors in early spring and transplanted outdoors after the last frost.

</doc>
<doc id="2855218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855218" title="Lower Estuarine Series">
Lower Estuarine Series

The Lower Estuarine Series, also called in more modern publications, the Grantham Formation, is a relatively complex but generally thin set of geological strata which are usually considered as a group. It forms a lower part of the (Bajocian) Inferior Oolite Series, which lies in the Middle Jurassic. Where found, it is normally above the Northampton sand and below the Lower Lincolnshire Limestone.
The group is found in the east midlands of England and was formed when the London-Brabant Island was drifting through the low northern latitudes, in conditions represented today by the Sahara Desert. The land was eroded by wind action and by occasional downpours which carried the debris to the margin of a shallow sea.
It is not a major feature and does not generally extend to much more than 0.5 metre thick. It does, however, occasionally achieve 7.5 metres of thickness.

</doc>
<doc id="2855219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855219" title="Amaranthus hypochondriacus">
Amaranthus hypochondriacus

Amaranthus hypochondriacus is an ornamental plant commonly known as Prince-of-Wales feather or prince's feather. Originally endemic to Mexico, it is called "quelite, blero" and "quintonil" in Spanish.
In Africa, like many other species in the family Amaranthaceae, it is valued as source of food.
In temperate regions it is cultivated as a half-hardy annual. Numerous cultivars have been selected, of which 'Green Thumb' and 'Pygmy Torch' have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="2855224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855224" title="Amaranthus torreyi">
Amaranthus torreyi

Amaranthus torreyi is a species of flowering plant that is sometimes considered to be a synonym of "Amaranthus watsonii". Its common name is Torrey's Amaranth. It is native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="2855226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855226" title="Amaranthus spinosus">
Amaranthus spinosus

Amaranthus spinosus, commonly known as the spiny amaranth, prickly amaranth or thorny amaranth. It is native to the tropical Americas, but it is present on most continents as an introduced species and sometimes a noxious weed. It can be a serious weed of rice cultivation in Asia. 
Uses.
Dye use.
In Cambodia, it is called "pti banlar" and its ash was historically used as a grey dye for cloth. It had many other uses also, including as food.
Food use.
Like several related species, "Amaranthus spinosus" is a valued food plant in Africa. It is valued also in Thai cuisine, where it is called "phak khom" (). In Tamil it is called "mullik keerai". In Sanskrit it is called "tanduliyaka". it is used as food in the Philippines where it is called "kulitis". The leaves of this plant, known as "massaagu" in Dhivehi, have been used in the diet of the Maldives for centuries in dishes such as "mas huni".

</doc>
<doc id="2855235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855235" title="Bang Phlat District">
Bang Phlat District

Bang Phlat (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Its neighbor districts, clockwise from the north, are Amphoe Bang Kruai, Bang Sue, Dusit, Phra Nakhon, Bangkok Noi, and Taling Chan.
History.
Bang Phlat was one of the 25 districts created in 1915, when the inner districts of Bangkok were reorganized. In 1938 the district was abolished and added into Bangkok Noi.
Bang Phlat district was again set up in 1989 taking 4 sub-districts from Bangkok Noi. West side of Borommaratchachonnani Road and Somdet Phra Pin Klao Road were moved back to Bangkok Noi in 1991.
Places.
The main road running through Bang Phlat is Charan Sanit Wong, a road that parallels the Chao Phraya to the West from Thon Buri up to the Rama VII bridge.
Bang Phlat has a mixture of light commercial, industrial and residential zones. There are a few medium commercial and residential areas which are growing as the area becomes more prosperous. There are 2 Express River Boat stations servicing Bang Phlat, Saphan Krung Thon to the South and Saphan Rama 7 to the North.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 4 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").

</doc>
<doc id="2855236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855236" title="Mitscher-class destroyer">
Mitscher-class destroyer

The "Mitscher"-class destroyer was an experimental destroyer class of four ships that were built for the United States Navy shortly after World War II. Considerably larger than all previous destroyers, they would have been the first post-war destroyer class had they not been reclassified during construction as destroyer leaders (DL). Commissioned in 1953-1954, two of the class served until 1969, and were scrapped in the 1970s. The other two were converted into guided missile destroyers (DDG), served until 1978, and were sold for scrap by 1980.
Description.
All four "Mitscher" class ships were ordered 3 August 1948 and were named for admirals of the Second World War. Each ship displaced 3,331 tons light, 3,642 tons standard and 4,855 tons under full load with a length of , a beam and a draft.
Beyond that, each ship had a different loadout of propulsion and other systems so as to determine the best course of action for future destroyer design. 
In the early 1960s, the "Mitscher" class underwent modernization through the Class Improvement Program (CIP), which included the replacement of the boilers on the first two ships of the class.

</doc>
<doc id="2855237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855237" title="Amaranthus retroflexus">
Amaranthus retroflexus

Amaranthus retroflexus is a species of flowering plant in the Amaranthaceae family with several common names, including red-root amaranth, redroot pigweed, red-rooted pigweed, common amaranth, pigweed amaranth, and common tumbleweed. 
Description.
"Amaranthus retroflexus," true to one of its common names, forms a tumbleweed. It is native to the tropical Americas, but is widespread as an introduced species on most continents in a great number of habitats. This is an erect, annual herb reaching a maximum height near 3 m. The leaves are nearly 15 cm long on large individuals, the ones higher on the stem having a lance shape and those lower on the plant diamond or oval in shape. The plant is monoecious, with individuals bearing both male and female flowers. The inflorescence is a large, dense cluster of flowers interspersed with spiny green bracts. The fruit is a capsule less than 2 mm long with a "lid" which opens to reveal a tiny black seed. Another of "A. retroflexus's" common names, pigweed, stems from the fact that it grows where hogs are pasture-fed.
Culinary use.
This plant is eaten as a vegetable in different places of the world. No species of genus "Amaranthus" is known to be poisonous, but the leaves contain oxalic acid and may contain nitrates if grown in nitrate-rich soils, so the water should be discarded after boiling.
"A. retroflexus" was used for a multitude of food and medicinal purposes by many Native American groups.
It is used in the Indian state of Kerala to prepare a popular dish known as "thoran" by combining the finely cut leaves with grated coconut, chili peppers, garlic, turmeric and other ingredients.
The seeds are edible raw or toasted, and can be ground into flour and used for bread, hot cereal, or as a thickener.
Use as fodder.
Like many other species of "Amaranthus", this plant may be harmful and even deadly when fed to cattle and pigs in large amounts over several days. Such forage may cause fatal nephrotoxicity, presumably because of its high oxalate content. Other symptoms, such as bloat, might reflect its high nitrate content. However, when supplied in moderation, it is regarded as an exceptionally nutritious fodder.

</doc>
<doc id="2855238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855238" title="Amaranthus tricolor">
Amaranthus tricolor

Amaranthus tricolor is an ornamental plant known as Tandaljo or Tandalja bhaji in India, callaloo in the Caribbean and Joseph's coat after the Biblical figure Joseph, who is said to have worn a coat of many colors. Although it is native to South America, many varieties of amaranth can be found across the world in a myriad of different climates due to it being a C4 carbon fixation plant, which allows it to convert carbon dioxide into biomass at an extremely efficient rate when compared to other plants. Cultivars have striking yellow, red and green foliage.
The leaves may be eaten as a salad vegetable as well as the stems. In Africa, it is usually cooked as a leafy vegetable. It is usually steamed as a side dish in both China and Japan.
It appears on the coat of arms of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge where it is called "flowers gentle".
"Amaranthus gangeticus".
"Amaranthus gangeticus" is considered a synonym of "A. tricolor", but has been recognized as a separate species in the past. "Amaranthus gangeticus" is also known as elephant-head amaranth. It is an annual flowering plant with deep purple flowers. It can grow from 2–3 feet in height. In Bangladesh, it has been used as a leafy vegetable. Scientific study suggests that it may inhibit calcium retention.

</doc>
<doc id="2855240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855240" title="Amaranthus thunbergii">
Amaranthus thunbergii

Amaranthus thunbergii, commonly known as Thunberg's amaranth, is found in Africa. 
The leaves are used as a flavouring or leafy vegetable.

</doc>
<doc id="2855241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855241" title="XL (programming language)">
XL (programming language)

XL stands for eXtensible Language. It is a computer programming language designed to support concept programming, up now the only one existing.
XL features programmer-reconfigurable syntax and semantics. Compiler "plug-ins" can be used to add new features to the language. A base set of plug-ins implements a relatively standard imperative language. Programmers can write their own plug-ins to implement application-specific notations, such as symbolic differentiation, which can then be used similarly to built-in language features.
Language.
XL is defined at four different levels:
XL has no primitive types nor keywords. All useful operators and data types, like integers or addition, are defined in the standard library (XL2). XL1 is portable between different execution environments. There is no such guarantee for XL2: if a particular CPU does not implement floating-point multiplication, the corresponding operator definition may be missing from the standard library, and using a floating-point multiply may result in a compile-time error.
The Hello World program in XL looks like the following:
An alternative form in a style more suitable for large-scale programs would be:
A recursive implementation of factorial in XLR looks like the following:
Syntax.
Syntax is defined at the XL0 level. The XL0 phase of the compiler can be configured using a syntax description file, where properties like the text representation and precedence of operators are defined. A basic syntax file defines common mathematical notations, like + for addition, with the usually accepted order of operations.
The parse tree consists of 7 node types, 4 leaf node types (integer, real, text and symbol) and 3 internal node types (infix, prefix and block).
With the default syntax file, the following is valid XL0, irrespective of any semantics.
It parses as:
Semantics of XL1.
The XL1 phase is defined as a sequence of operations on the XL0 parse tree. These operations are provided by various compiler plug-ins, that are triggered based on the shape of the parse tree.
Special constructs, codice_21 and codice_22, are provided by a plug-in designed to facilitate the writing of other plug-ins. The codice_23 construct generates a parse tree. Here is how these notations can be used to implement a plug-in called codice_24 that eliminates superfluous additions and multiplications by zero.
A plug-in can be invoked on a whole file from the command line, or more locally in the source code using the "pragma" notation, as follows:
The XL1 phase contains a large set of plug-ins, notably codice_25, that provide common abstractions like subroutine, data type and variable declaration and definition, as well as basic structured programming statements, like conditionals or loops.
Type system.
XL1 type checking is static, with generic programming abilities that are beyond those of languages like Ada or C++. Types like arrays or pointers, which are primitive in languages like C++, are declared in the library in XL. For instance, a one-dimensional array type could be defined as follows:
A "validated generic type" is a generic type where a condition indicates how the type can be used. Such types need not have generic parameters. For instance, one can declare that a type is codice_26 if it has a less-than operator as follows:
This also applies to generic types that have parameters, such as codice_27. A function computing the sum of the elements in any array can be written as follows:
Type-safe variable argument lists.
Functions can be overloaded. A function can be declared to use a variable number of arguments by using codice_28 in the parameter list (historically, the keyword codice_29 was used for that purpose). In such a function, codice_28 can be used to pass the variable number of arguments to another subroutine, a feature now called Variadic templates:
When such a function is called, the compiler recursively instantiates functions to match the parameter list:
Expression reduction: operator overloading.
Operators can be defined using the codice_31 form of function declarations. Below is the code that would declare the addition of integers:
Such "written forms" can have more than two parameters. For instance, a matrix linear transform can be written as:
A written form can use constants, and such a form is more specialized than a form without constants. For example:
The mechanism is used to implement all basic operators. An expression is progressively reduced to function calls using written forms. For that reason, the mechanism is referred to as "expression reduction" rather than operator overloading.
Iterators.
XL iterators allow programmers to implement both generators and iterators.
Development status and history.
XL is the result of a long language design work that began around 1992. The language was designed and implemented primarily by Christophe de Dinechin.
Historically, the XL compiler was written in C++. It had achieved a point where most of the features described above worked correctly, but writing plug-ins was a nightmare, because C++ itself is not extensible, so implementing codice_21-like statements was impossible. The parse tree was more complicated, with dozens of node types, because it was designed for cross-language support. Moka was a Java-to-Java extensible compiler using the same infrastructure.
Abandoning the cross-language objectives and complex parse-tree structure, a complete rewrite of the compiler was started in 2003. The parse tree was vastly simplified down to the 7 XL0 nodes types now in use. This new compiler bootstrapped in 2004, and all new development is now written in XL. However, this new compiler still has somewhat incomplete XL1 support, although its abilities already exceed C++ in a few areas.
Ancestry.
XL1 was inspired by a large number of other languages. In alphabetical order:
Semantics.
XLR is a dynamic language, originally intended as a back-end for the XL1 compiler, hence the name, which stands for XL runtime. It shares the basic XL0 syntax with XL1, but its behavior is much closer to a functional language, whereas XL1 is intended to look mostly like an imperative language. XLR has practically only one built-in operator, "->", which denotes a rewrite. The notation on the left of the rewrite is transformed into the notation on the right of the rewrite.
This mechanism is used to implement standard notations:

</doc>
<doc id="2855243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855243" title="Amaranthus polygonoides">
Amaranthus polygonoides

Amaranthus polygonoides is a species of flowering plant. It goes by the common name of Tropical Amaranth.

</doc>
<doc id="2855244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855244" title="Nimmi">
Nimmi

Nimmi (born 18 February 1933) is a former Indian screen actress who achieved stardom in the 1950s and early 1960s in Hindi films. She gained popularity playing spirited village belle type characters, but has appeared in diverse genres such as fantasy and social films. Nimmi is regarded as one of the most sussessful and influential Hindi movie actresses of all time.
Early life.
Nawab Banoo was born in Agra, India. Her mother was a famous singer and actress by the name of Wahidan who was well connected within the film industry. Her father, Abdul Hakim, worked as a military contractor. As a young child, Nimmi had memories of visiting Bombay, and her mother being on good terms with Mehboob Khan and his family, who were prominent and influential within the movie making business.
When Nimmi was only nine years old, her mother died suddenly. She was sent to live in Abbottabad with her grandmother. Nimmi's father stayed on in Meerut where he worked. With the partition of India and Pakistan in 1947, among the multitude of migrants and refugees were Nimmi and her grandmother. As Nimmi's aunt Jyoti, who was also once a leading film star had a home in Bombay, that is where she and her grandmother settled.
Career.
Through the connection with her mother who had worked with him in the 1930s, in 1948, the famous film maker Mehboob Khan, invited the young Nimmi to watch the making of his current production "Andaz" at Central Studios. She had shown an interest in movies and this was an opportunity to understand the film making process. On the sets of "Andaz", Nimmi met Raj Kapoor who was starring in the film.
At the time Raj Kapoor was filming his production of "Barsaat" (1949). Having already cast the famous actress Nargis in the female lead role, he was on the lookout for a young girl to play the second lead. After observing Nimmi's unaffected and shy behaviour as a guest on the sets of Andaaz, he cast the teenaged Nimmi in "Barsaat" opposite the actor Prem Nath. Nimmi played the role of an innocent mountain shepherdess in love with a heartless city man. As an introduction to film audiences, she could not have asked for a more illustrious launch to her film career.
"Barsaat", released in 1949, made movie history. It was a phenomenal critical and commercial success. Despite the presence of established and popular stars Nargis, Raj Kapoor and Premnath, Nimmi had a very prominent and well received role and was an instant hit with audiences. The film's popular title song "Barsaat mein hum se mile tum" as well as three other ever-green classics, "Jeeya bekarar hai "," hawa me udta jaaye mora lal dupatta malmal ka" and "Patli kamar hai" were all picturised on Nimmi. The film's climax also revolved around the fledgling actress. The huge success of "Barsaat" made Nimmi a star and nationwide sensation overnight.
Rise to stardom.
After "Barsaat" Nimmi never looked back and was flooded with films offers. She quietly polished her histrionic abilities and developed a mannered but effectively unique style of acting. The diminutive actress quickly won a loyal fan base with her intense and expressive performances.
She worked with top heroes like Raj Kapoor ("Banwara"), and Dev Anand ("Sazaa", "Aandhiyan"). To her great advantage Nimmi formed a very popular and dependable screen pair with Dilip Kumar, after the success of films like "Deedar" (1951) and "Daag" (1952). Aside from Nargis with whom she co-starred with in "Barsaat" and "Deedar", Nimmi also appeared alongside many notable leading ladies including Madhubala ("Amar"), Suraiya ("Shama"), Geeta Bali ("Usha Kiran"), and Meena Kumari ("Char Dil Char Rahen" (1959)).
A little known fact is that Nimmi was also a singer and sang her own songs in the film "Bedardi" (1951) in which she also acted. However, she never continued singing and recorded songs only for this film.
Mehboob Khan was next to cast her in his film "Aan" (1952). This prestigious production was to be India's first full feature in Technicolor. The film was made with an extremely large budget. Nimmi played one of the female leads. The film also co-starred Dilip Kumar, Prem Nath and introduced Nadira. Such was Nimmi's popularity at this point that when a first edit of the film was shown to the film's financiers and distributors, they objected that Nimmi's character died too early. Therefore an extended dream sequence was added to give Nimmi more prominence and screen time in the film. Nimmi's character and her on-screen death dance in "Aan" were very popular with audiences.
"Aan" was one of the first Indian movies to have a world wide release. The film had an extremely lavish London premiere which Nimmi attended. The English version was entitled "Savage Princess". On the London trip, Nimmi met many western film personalities including Errol Flynn. When Flynn attempted to kiss her hand she pulled it away, exclaiming, "I am an Indian girl, you cannot do that!" The incident made the headlines and the press raved about Nimmi as the "...unkissed girl of India".
Although Nimmi was not the romantic lead, she made a huge impact on audiences and her character, Mangala, emerged as the most popular in the film. This was to such an extent that, when the film was released dubbed in French it was retitled "Mangala, fille des Indes" (Mangala, girl of India) and Nimmi was heavily promoted as main star of the movie in the theatrical posters and trailers for the French language release. 
Nimmi further revealed in a 2013 interview, that at the London premiere of Aan, she received four serious offers from Hollywood, including Cecil B. DeMille who greatly admired the film and Nimmi's performance. Nimmi declined these offers, choosing to focus on her flourishing career in India.
After the great box-office success of "Aan", Mehboob Khan asked her to appear in his next film "Amar" (1954). Nimmi played a poor, milk maid seduced by a lawyer (Dilip Kumar). The film also starred Madhubala as Kumar's wronged fiance. Its controversial subject of rape was way ahead of its time and although the film was not a commercial success, Nimmi's intense performance and the film were applauded by critics. It remained the favorite film of Mehboob Khan amongst his own productions.
Nimmi also turned producer with the popular film "Danka" (1954) which was released under her own production banner, and she gave a striking and off beat performance.
"Kundan" (1955), produced by Sohrab Modi co-starring newcomer Sunil Dutt, gave Nimmi a memorable double role as mother and daughter. Her sensitive portrayal earned her further recognition as a talented and spirited actress.
In "Uran Khatola" (1955), her last of five films with Dilip Kumar, she starred in one of the biggest box-office successes of her career. The films songs have remained popular to the present day.
Nimmi next had two big successes in 1956 with "Basant Bahar" and "Bhai Bhai". In 1957, at the age of 24, Nimmi received the critic's award for best actress for her role in "Bhai Bhai". These films were also notable for her songs which were dubbed by Lata Mangeshkar. Nimmi was fortunate throughout her career to have some of the most popular and enduring songs picturised on her, and appeared in films with exceptional music scores.
By this point, with a largely consistent run of success at the box-office, Nimmi had firmly established herself as one of the most bankable and popular leading ladies in Hindi cinema.
Later career.
In the late 1950s, Nimmi worked with renowned directors Chetan Anand ("Anjali" ), K. A. Abbas ("Char Dil Char Raahen") and Vijay Bhatt ("Angulimala"). Prepared to take risks, Nimmi took on controversial characterizations, such as the prostitute of "Char Dil Char Raahen" (1959). It was during this phase that Nimmi became very selective as she strove for better quality projects and roles. However her judgment was sometimes questionable when she rejected films like B. R. Chopra's "Sadhna" (1958), and "Woh Kaun Thi?" (1963), both of which went on to be big successes for Vyjayanthimala and Sadhana, respectively.
She erred most with the film "Mere Mehboob" (1963). Nimmi was first offered the coveted female lead in the film which was tipped for big box-office success. It was to be shot in colour and on a very big budget. Nimmi would be part of a large star cast which included prominent actors such as Ashok Kumar, Rajendra Kumar, Ameeta, Pran, and comedian Johnny Walker. Nimmi recalled in an interview with "Movie" magazine : "Initially I was offered Sadhana's role and Bina Rai was to do my role. However I opted for the role of the sister as I felt it was the back bone of the story and had scope for acting. Though it didn't turn out the way I had visualised it." In rejecting the female lead, opposite a hugely popular leading man, Rajendra Kumar, for what was ostensibly a character role, Nimmi lost a valuable chance at making the successful transition into the new phase of films that were then evolving. The role Nimmi rejected was played by Sadhana and was instrumental in placing her among the most successful heroines of the 1960s. Nimmi did receive a Filmfare award nomination for best supporting actress for her performance and "Mere Mehboob" went on to be one of the biggest hits of 1963 at the box-office.
These detrimental choices were not helped when in the 1960s, a new breed of Mod actresses like Sadhana, Nanda, Asha Parekh, Mala Sinha and Saira Banu changed the concept of the Hindi film heroine. Although she retained her star status and continued to be credited above the title, junior actresses like Nanda and Mala Sinha were cast as the romantic leads, while Nimmi's roles alongside these actresses were more unconventional parts such the blind girl in "Pooja Ke Phool" (1964) and Ashok Kumar's mute wife in "Akashdeep" (1965). With the younger generation of actresses emerging to dominate the industry, although Nimmi's popularity as a star began to fade, her performances had matured considerably and critical reviews in this final phase of her career were largely positive.
At this point Nimmi opted for early retirement and marriage, but not before investing her best efforts into one last film production. Director K. Asif had started his version of the Laila-Majnu love legend, "Love & God" even before completing his magnum opus "Mughal-e-Azam" (1960). Nimmi believed that "Love & God" would be a fitting swan song to her career and her claim to eternal fame just as "Mughal-e-Azam" had immortalised its leading lady, Madhubala. K. Asif had problems casting the male lead before finally selecting Guru Dutt as Nimmi's co-star. However Guru Dutt's sudden and premature death put a halt to the film's shooting. Sanjeev Kumar was cast as his replacement but the film was shelved altogether when the director K. Asif died.
Nimmi had retired from films for over two decades by the time K. Asif's widow Akhtar Asif released "Love & God" on 6 June 1986 in incomplete form. The film suffers badly from compromised editing in an attempt to cover the fact that several key scenes and a clear climax were not filmed before Asif died. But the footage that Nimmi completed before the film was shelved showed she had delivered a subtle and sensitive portrayal and looked beautiful in Technicolor and the period costumes.
Personal life.
As with most film stars, speculation surrounded Nimmi's personal life. Because of her successful on screen association with Dilip Kumar, baseless rumours and stories were printed of an off screen liaison between the two. This was entirely false, and was strenuously denied by both Nimmi and Dilip Kumar, who at the time was in a relationship with Nimmi's contemporary, Madhubala.
Nimmi herself fell in love with screen writer S. Ali Raza, who wrote the dialogues for her films "Barsaat" (1949), "Aan" (1952) and "Amar" (1954). S. Ali Raza was the nephew of famous Bollywood story, dialogue and screenplay writer Aghajani Kashmeri (aka Kashmmiri and Agha Jani), who trained Ali Raza and introduced him to Bollywood. Both were from Lucknow. She married Ali Raza and settled down in Mumbai in the mid-1960s when she retired after her last film "Akashdeep" (1965) opposite Ashok Kumar. Nimmi and her husband never had any children. She remained happily married for 42 years until S. Ali Raza died on 1 November 2007 of heart failure at the age of 85, leaving Nimmi a widow. She now lives alone in her sea-facing Juhu Beach apartment in Mumbai.
In June 1991 Nimmi was in the spotlight again when a non-published, non-sourced news source claimed the Hindi actress Kimi Katkar is Nimmi's daughter, but failed to offer any evidence, other than some alleged "face resemblance".
Unlike many vintage stars, Nimmi is not in seclusion and is often seen attending industry functions and events, with former colleagues such as Dilip Kumar. She is also often seen entertaining guests at the NSCI (National Sports Club of India) in Bombay, close by to her earlier home in the Worli area of Mumbai.
With Madhubala, Nargis, Nutan, Meena Kumari, Geeta Bali and Suraiya all deceased, Nimmi is widely considered to be one of the last remaining great leading ladies of the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="2855245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855245" title="Amaranthus palmeri">
Amaranthus palmeri

Amaranthus palmeri is a species of edible flowering plant in the amaranth genus. It has several common names, including Palmer's amaranth, Palmer amaranth, Palmer's pigweed, and carelessweed. It is native to most of the southern half of North America. Populations in the eastern United States are probably naturalized. It has also been introduced to Europe, Australia, and other areas. The plant is fast-growing and highly competitive.
Uses.
The leaves, stems and seeds of Palmer amaranth, like those of other amaranths, are edible and highly nutritious. Palmer amaranth was once widely cultivated and eaten by Native Americans across North America, both for its abundant seeds and as a cooked or dried green vegetable. Other related "Amaranthus" species have been grown as crops for their greens and seeds for thousands of years in Mexico, South America, the Caribbean, Africa, India, and China.
The plant can be toxic to livestock animals due to the presence of nitrates in the leaves. Palmer amaranth has a tendency to absorb excess soil nitrogen, and if grown in overly fertilized soils, it can contain excessive levels of nitrates, even for humans. Like spinach and many other leafy greens, amaranth leaves also contain oxalic acid, which can be harmful to individuals with kidney problems if consumed in excess.
Because of its toxicity to livestock, and scarce familiarity in the United States with the uses of amaranths as food, Palmer amaranth is rarely consumed nowadays, despite its ubiquity and resistance to drought. Unlike the grain and leaf amaranths of other regions, it has not been cultivated or further improved by recent agricultural breeding. As a result, the primary economic importance of Palmer amaranth to American farmers has been as a noxious weed and a competitor to more marketable crops, rather than as a crop in its own right.
As a weed.
Palmer amaranth is considered a threat most specifically to the production of genetically modified cotton and soybean crops in the southern United States because in many places, the plant has developed resistance to glyphosate, a widely used broad-spectrum herbicide.
Glyphosate-resistant pigweed not only dominates in cotton fields, but has wide ranging effects on other crops and productions, as well. In 2001, Palmer amaranth was found in the southern quarter of Illinois and appeared to be moving to northern Illinois in 2006.
Studies.
Weed scientists have performed tests on resistant Palmer pigweed. In this study, glyphosate was sprayed on resistant pigweed three times at 88 ounces per acre. The Palmer pigweed that received 264 ounces of glyphosate was still alive and healthy. The drought-plagued cotton plants were dwarfed by the glyphosate-resistant weed. Trying to control resistant pigweed with more and more glyphosate makes controlling this pigweed a problem. The use of this herbicide takes out all the herbicide-sensitive Palmer pigweed, thus creating an environment for resistant pigweed to grow and reproduce. A process called "deep turning" can control or prevent the spread of Palmer pigweed; however, the best prevention is to remove the weed pest by hand.
Growth.
Palmer amaranth may be the most aggressive pigweed species with respect to growth rate and competitive ability. Palmer amaranth or Palmer pigweed in particular is highly competitive. It will outgrow cotton and is much more efficient. Growers of crops have not been able to provide adequate moisture to offset temperatures staying above 85 °F with 112 °F heat indices. In these conditions, many herbicides break down over time and Palmer pigweed will keep thrusting. It can grow from 2-5 inches in three days or less. In only a few weeks, it can grow from 12 to 18 in compared to cotton at 5 to 8 in.
Spread.
Pollen is most commonly spread by wind. The male produces the pollen and the female plant produces the seed. The wind carries the pollen from resistant male plants to female plants. In addition, the seed is spread by traditional means, such as harvesting, lack of cleaning equipment, and the spreading of infested materials, such as manure.

</doc>
<doc id="2855247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855247" title="61 (City of Edinburgh) Signal Regiment">
61 (City of Edinburgh) Signal Regiment

61st Signal Regiment was from 1939-67 a communications regiment of the British Army, part of the Royal Signals.
61st Signal Regiment.
In 1939 orders were issued for 3rd Anti-Aircraft Divisional Signals TA to be raised in Edinburgh and Glasgow, as part of Anti-Aircraft Command, and in 1940-41 the unit was actively engaged in the German air offensive against Great Britain. In 1940 the Glasgow Company was absorbed into the newly raised 12th AA Divisional Signals, and in 1941 the remainder was converted into a mixed unit. In 1942 AA Command was reorganised and the unit was amalgamated into 6th AA Group (Mixed) Signals, covering Scotland and North East England.
Following demobilisation in 1945 it was reformed in 1947 with two companies in Edinburgh and two in Glasgow. It was known as 13th AA (Mixed) Signal Regiment TA.
In 1955 when AA Command was abolished the regiment was converted into Scottish Command (Mixed) Signal Regiment TA. In 1957 it became 61st Signal Regiment TA and subsequently was allowed to add City of Edinburgh to its title in 1962.
In the reorganisation of the Reserve Army in 1967, it became part of 32 (Scottish) Signal Regiment (Volunteers), with responsibility for the provision of mobile communications throughout Scotland in an emergency.

</doc>
<doc id="2855251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855251" title="Dublin (European Parliament constituency)">
Dublin (European Parliament constituency)

Dublin is a constituency of the European Parliament in Ireland. It elects 3 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) using the single transferable vote form of proportional representation (PR-STV).
History and boundaries.
The constituency was created in 1979 for the first direct elections to the European Parliament. From 1979 to 2004, it elected 4 MEPs; this was reduced to 3 for the 2009 election. Its geographic area is the Dublin Region which includes Dublin city and the counties of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Fingal and South Dublin.
2009 election.
For the 2009 election, the constituency was reduced from 4 seats to 3.

</doc>
<doc id="2855255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855255" title="Limits to computation">
Limits to computation

There are several physical and practical limits to the amount of computation or data storage that can be performed with a given amount of mass, volume, or energy:
Several methods have been proposed for producing computing devices or data storage devices that approach physical and practical limits:

</doc>
<doc id="2855257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855257" title="Fluvio-glacial">
Fluvio-glacial

Fluvio-glacial is the water created by the melting of glaciers. It literally means "Water Glacier", but is also commonly called 'melt water'.
Fluvio-glacial can also mean sediments deposited by the glacier meltwater.
Fluvio-glacial landforms differ from glacial landforms. Such fluvio-glacial landforms include outwash plains, varves, braided streams, eskers, kames (and kame terraces), kettles (or kettle holes) and proglacial lakes.

</doc>
<doc id="2855263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855263" title="Counts of Clermont-Tonnerre">
Counts of Clermont-Tonnerre

Clermont-Tonnerre is the name of a French family, members of which played some part in the history of France, especially in Dauphiné, from about 1100 to the French Revolution (1789-1799). Sibaud, lord of Clermont in Viennois, who first appears in 1080, was the founder of the family. His descendant, another Sibaud, commanded some troops which aided Pope Calixtus II in his struggle with the Antipope Gregory VIII; and in return for this service it is said that the pope allowed him to add certain emblems, two keys and a tiara to the arms of his family. A direct descendant, Ainard (died 1349), called vicomte de Clermont, was granted the dignity of captain-general and first baron of Dauphiné by his suzerain Humbert, dauphin of Viennois, in 1340; and in 1547 Clermont was made a county for Antoine (died 1578), who was governor of Dauphiné and the French king's lieutenant in Savoy. In 1572, Antoine's son Henri was created a duke, but as this was only a brevet title it did not descend to his son. Henri was killed before La Rochelle in 1573. In 1596 Henri's son, Charles Henri, count of Clermont (died 1640), added Tonnerre to his heritage; but in 1648 this county was sold by his son and successor, François (died 1679).
A member of a younger branch of Charles Henri's descendants was Gaspard de Clermout-Tonnerre (1688-1781). This soldier served his country during a long period, fighting in Bohemia and Alsace, and then distinguishing himself greatly at the battles of Fontenoy and Lawfeldt. In 1775 he was created duke of Clermont-Tonnerre, and made a peer of France; as the senior marshal (ca. 1747) of France he assisted as constable at the coronation of Louis XVI in 1774. His son and successor, Charles Henri Jules, governor of Dauphiné, was guillotined in July 1794, a fate which his grandson, Gaspard Charles, had suffered at Lyon in the previous year. A later duke, Aimé Marie Gaspard (1770-1865), served for some years as a soldier, afterwards becoming minister of marine and then minister of war under Charles X, and retiring into private life after the revolution of 1830. Aimé's grandson, Roger, duke of Clermont-Tonnerre, was born in 1842.
Among other distinguished members of this family was Catherine (c. 1545-1603), daughter of Claude de Clermont-Tonnerre. This lady, "dame d'honneur" to Henry II's queen, Catherine de' Medici, and afterwards wife of Albert de Gondi, duc de Retz, won a great reputation by her intellectual attainments, being referred to as the tenth muse and the fourth grace. One of her grandsons was the famous Cardinal de Retz. Other noteworthy members of collateral branches of the family were: François (1629-1701), bishop of Noyon from 1661 until his death, a member of the French Academy, notorious for his inordinate vanity; Stanislas Marie Adelaide, comte de Clermont-Tonnerre; and Anne Antoine Jules (1749-1830), cardinal and bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne, who was a member of the states-general in 1789, afterwards retiring into Germany, and after the return of the Bourbons to France became archbishop of Toulouse.
External links.
Official web site

</doc>
<doc id="2855268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855268" title="Howard Who?">
Howard Who?

Released July 1, 1986, Howard Who? is the first short story collection by science fiction writer Howard Waldrop.
References.
"Howard Who?" Doubleday (1986) ISBN 0-385-19708-X

</doc>
<doc id="2855269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855269" title="East (European Parliament constituency)">
East (European Parliament constituency)

East was a constituency of the European Parliament in Ireland. It elected 3 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) using the single transferable vote form of proportional representation (PR-STV).
History and boundaries.
The constituency was created for the 2004 election and was a successor to the Leinster constituency. From 2004 to 2009, it comprised the Leinster counties excluding the Dublin constituency. For the 2009 election, the counties of Longford and Westmeath were transferred from East to the North-West constituency. It then comprised the counties Carlow, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Louth, Meath, Offaly, Wexford and Wicklow.
For the 2014 European Parliament election the constituency was abolished, with the northern part (Kildare, Laois, Louth, Meath, Offaly) transferred to the new Midlands–North-West constituency, and the southern part (Carlow, Kilkenny, Wexford, Wicklow) transferred to the South constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="2855272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855272" title="Vascularity">
Vascularity

Vascularity, in bodybuilding, is the condition of having many highly visible, prominent and often extensively ramified superficial veins. The skin appears "thin" — sometimes virtually diaphanous — due to an extreme reduction of subcutaneous fat, allowing for maximum muscle definition. 
Vascularity is enhanced by extremely low body fat (usually below 10%) and low retained water, as well as the muscle engorgement ("pump") and venous distension accentuated by the vigorous flexing and potentially hazardous Valsalva effect which characterize competitive posing. Genetics and androgenic hormones will affect vascularity, as will ambient temperature. (And although some bodybuilders develop arterial hypertension from performance-enhancing substances and practices, "high" venous pressure — being an order of magnitude lower than that of arteries — neither causes nor is caused by vascularity.) Some bodybuilders use topical vasodilators to increase blood flow to the skin as well. Although historically controversial, nowadays vascularity is a highly sought after aesthetic for many male bodybuilders, but less so for female bodybuilders where the target aesthetic is relatively more towards aesthetic symmetry than extreme development.
Bodybuilders or athletes sometimes dehydrate themselves, a few days before a competition or show, to achieve this so-called "ripped" vascular look. Self-dehydration is not recommended by medical professionals, as the negative and sometimes tragic effects of the resultant water-electrolyte imbalances are well documented.

</doc>
<doc id="2855274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855274" title="Bolingbrook's Clow International Airport">
Bolingbrook's Clow International Airport

Bolingbrook's Clow International Airport is a public airport in Bolingbrook, a village in Will County, Illinois, United States. Located 29 miles (46 km) southwest of the Chicago Loop, it is a small general aviation facility catering to private pilots, students, and commuter aircraft. 
Clow features a $100 hamburger diner, Charlie's Restaurant, which serves breakfast and lunch.
History.
The airport was originally a grass airstrip built by Oliver Boyd Clow in the 1950s. By 1989 it was named the best privately owned, public-use airport in Illinois. The airport was acquired by the Village of Bolingbrook in 2004. The village intends to expand the airport, which will include steps such as widening the runway, adding runway, taxiway, and landing glidepath lighting.
The airport was used as a location for the 1992 film Folks! with Tom Selleck and Don Ameche, which also had a cameo by O. Boyd Clow, the founder of the airport.
Facilities and aircraft.
Bolingbrook's Clow International Airport covers an area of and contains one runway designated 18/36 with a 3,362 x 50 ft (1,025 x 15 m) asphalt pavement.
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2005, the airport had 50,000 aircraft operations, an average of 136 per day: 96% general aviation and 4% air taxi. There are 145 aircraft based at this airport: 83% single-engine, 10% ultralight, 3% multi-engine and 3% helicopter. The Fixed-Based Operator (FBO) at Clow is A&M Aviation.
Illinois Aviation Museum.
The airport is also the location of the Illinois Aviation Museum at Bolingbrook that includes a collection of restored and replica aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="2855275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855275" title="Hjalmar Gullberg">
Hjalmar Gullberg

Hjalmar Gullberg (30 May 1898 – 19 July 1961) was a Swedish writer, poet and translator of Greek drama into Swedish.
Gullberg was born in Malmö, Skåne. As a student at Lund University, he was the editor of the student magazine Lundagård. He was the manager of the Swedish Radio Theatre 1936-1950. In 1940 he was made a member of the Swedish Academy, and he also became an honorary doctor of philosophy at Lund University (1944).
As a friend of composer Lars-Erik Larsson he wrote the libretto of the religious (tonal) lyrical suite "God in Disguise". Gullberg, often described as a "black" (i.e. using heavy but controlled emotions) poet, revealed a somewhat surprising and brighter and less melancholic side to his artistry in "God in Disguise".
"God in Disguise" ends with these following phrases:
"Bids us a human eye his silent fiest of love;
us distant and slow as men are most,
puts, as heavenly healing för deep wounds of souls,
a friend, freed from astuteness, his hands in ours,
See we a sunray linger in our bed of torment
-then in disguise sits a God at your side"
"God in Disguise" refers to an underlying theme in the cycle meaning that on Earth there is God walking amongst us, but as he is in disguise (living the life of an ordinary person) we have difficulties identifying him. Thus it takes a lot from a person to be able to make changes in one´s mentality in order to become someone who can recognize the god amongst us.
Basic Christian beliefs thus become the bearer of the mission of the musical work itself. 
Gullberg committed suicide at Yddingesjön, Skåne.

</doc>
<doc id="2855277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855277" title="Transcendental Blues">
Transcendental Blues

Transcendental Blues is an album released in 2000 by Steve Earle. It features Sharon Shannon on the track "The Galway Girl". The album was nominated for a Grammy in the Best Contemporary Folk Album category.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Steve Earle

</doc>
<doc id="2855278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855278" title="North-West (European Parliament constituency)">
North-West (European Parliament constituency)

North-West was a constituency of the European Parliament in Ireland in from 2004 to 2014. It elected 3 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) using the single transferable vote form of proportional representation (PR-STV).
History and boundaries.
The constituency was created in 2004 and was a successor to the Connacht–Ulster constituency. For 2004 election, County Clare was moved from the Munster constituency to the new North-West constituency. For the 2009 election the counties of Longford and Westmeath were transferred from the East constituency to North-West.
From 2009 it comprised the counties of Cavan, Clare, Donegal, Galway, Leitrim, Longford, Mayo, Monaghan, Roscommon, Sligo and Westmeath; and the city of Galway.
For the 2014 European Parliament election the constituency was abolished. All of its area became part of the new Midlands–North-West constituency; with the exception of County Clare which was transferred to the South constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="2855280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855280" title="South (European Parliament constituency)">
South (European Parliament constituency)

South is a constituency of the European Parliament in Ireland. It elects 4 Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) using the single transferable vote form of proportional representation (PR-STV).
History and boundaries.
The constituency was created in 2004 as a successor to the Munster constituency, with County Clare being moved to the North-West constituency. It comprises the counties of Cork, Kerry, Limerick, North Tipperary, South Tipperary and Waterford; and the cities of Cork, Limerick and Waterford.
For the 2014 European Parliament election, the constituency was increased in size by the addition of counties Carlow, Clare, Kilkenny, Wexford and Wicklow. The number of seats was increased to 4.

</doc>
<doc id="2855286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855286" title="Infante João, Duke of Beja">
Infante João, Duke of Beja

Infante João, Duke of Beja (; ; 16 March 1842 – 27 December 1861) was a Portuguese "infante" (prince) and member of the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Early life.
Infante João was born in Lisbon the third son of Queen Maria II of Portugal and King Fernando II. He was created Duke of Beja and held the additional title of Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Duke in Saxony as a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Military.
João received a military education and was a colonel of a cavalry regiment. He was visiting England and France with his brother the Duke of Porto, heir presumptive to the throne, when they were summoned to return to Portugal by their brother King Pedro V who was dying of typhoid fever or cholera. Their brother died on 11 November 1861 before they could return along with their fifteen year old brother Fernando. With his death the Duke of Porto became King Luís I and João became heir presumptive to the throne. 
He did not remain heir for long as he died a month later of the same illness that killed his brothers in Lisbon on 27 December 1861 aged 19 and unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="2855293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855293" title="Deadsticking">
Deadsticking

While fishing, generally for black bass, deadsticking is the act of presenting a soft plastic lure either by casting or a vertical drop and allowing the bait to remain motionless for an extended period time before retrieval.

</doc>
<doc id="2855299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855299" title="Kuyayky">
Kuyayky

Kuyayky is one of the most popular and newly influential bands in Andean music. The band has contributed to the prominence and revival of huayno music from central Peru. One of the few Andean music bands with a majority of female members. The band now resides in the United States and gained a following from world music fans for its traditional yet innovative style of Peruvian Music. 
Kuyayky has struck a chord by rearranging and researching dozens of musical pieces from the precolonial and colonial periods in Latin America, but have retained a clear emphasis on the music of central Peru. They are part of the Xauxa ayllu of the Bonilla family. 
History.
Kuyayky was founded by ethnomusicologist Jose Hurtado Zamudio and singer/composer Edda Bonilla Peña of the Conjunto de Alma Jaujina, in 1980 in the town of Jauja. Kuyayky's original members are the Hurtado Bonilla siblings: Rubi Indira in guitar and first voice, Jose Luis in the mandolin and fourth voice, Yina in the charango and second voice, Mariluz in the quena, sikus, cajón and third voice, and Candy in the bombo leguero and first voice. They have been known to collaborate with different musicians in distinct musical genres including jazz, bluegrass, rock, punk rock and folk music from Europe and Latin America.
Kuyayky also founded the Kuyayky Foundation a non-governmental organization that fosters cultural awareness through the research, promotion and development of Andean music and culture. Their work has been recognized by diverse institutions including the Inter-American Development Bank and the Smithsonian Institution. 
The band takes its name from the Quechua language, which translates from the verb "kuyay" love, meaning "to love" or "solidarity".
In November 2006, the release of Kuyayky's new album was featured in an investigative report by Enrique Flor of Peruvian television newsmagazine La Ventana Indiscreta on Frecuencia Latina.

</doc>
<doc id="2855303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855303" title="Santa Maria in Aracoeli">
Santa Maria in Aracoeli

The Basilica of St. Mary of the Altar of Heaven (, ) is a titular basilica in Rome, located on the highest summit of the Campidoglio. It is still the designated Church of the city council of Rome, which uses the ancient title of "Senatus Populusque Romanus". The present Cardinal Priest of the "Titulus Sancta Mariae de Aracoeli" is Salvatore De Giorgi.
History.
Originally the church was named "Sancta Maria in Capitolio", since it was sited on the Capitoline Hill (Campidoglio, in Italian) of Ancient Rome; by the 14th century it had been renamed. A medieval legend included in the mid-12th-century guide to Rome, "Mirabilia Urbis Romae", claimed that the church was built over an Augustan "Ara primogeniti Dei", in the place where the Tiburtine Sibyl prophesied to Augustus the coming of the Christ. "For this reason the figures of Augustus and of the Tiburtine sibyl are painted on either side of the arch above the high altar" (Lanciani chapter 1). A later legend substituted an apparition of the Virgin Mary. In the Middle Ages, condemned criminals were executed at the foot of the steps; there the self-proclaimed Tribune and reviver of the Roman Republic Cola di Rienzo met his death, near the spot where his statue commemorates him.
In The History of Money, Anthropologist Jack Weatherford goes into some detail about the church's previous incarnation as the temple of Juno Moneta—on the Arx—after whom Money is named.
According to Roman historians, in the fourth century B.C., the irritated honking of the sacred geese around Juno's temple on Capitoline Hill warned the people of an impending night attack by the Gauls, who were secretly scaling the walls of the citadel. From this event, the goddess acquired surname-Juno Moneta, from Latin monere (to warn). . .As patroness of the state, Juno Moneta presided over various activities of the state, including the primary activity of issuing money.
. . . from Moneta came the modem English words mint and money and, ultimately, from the Latin word meaning warning.
Today, the site of the Temple of Juno Moneta, the source of the great stream of Roman currency, has given way to the ancient . . . brick church of Santa Maria in Aracoeli. Centuries ago, church architects incorporated the ruins of the ancient temple into the new building.
The church is also thought to have replaced the "auguraculum", the seat of the augurs.
The foundation of the church was laid on the site of a Byzantine abbey mentioned in 574. Many buildings were built around the first church; in the upper part they gave rise to a cloister, while on the slopes of the hill a little quarter and a market grew up. Remains of these buildings - such as the little church of San Biagio del Mercato and the underlying "Insula Romana") - were discovered in the 1930s.
At first the church followed the Greek rite, a sign of the power of the Byzantine exarch. Taken over by the papacy by the 9th century, the church was given first to the Benedictines, then, by papal bull to the Franciscans in 1249–1250; under the Franciscans it received its Romanesque-Gothic aspect. The arches that divide the nave from the aisles are supported on columns, no two precisely alike, scavenged from Roman ruins. During the Middle Ages, this church became the centre of the religious and civil life of the city. in particular during the republican experience of the 14th century, when Cola di Rienzo inaugurated the monumental stairway of 124 steps in front of the church, designed in 1348 by Simone Andreozzi, on the occasion of the Black Death.
In 1571, Santa Maria in Aracoeli hosted the celebrations honoring Marcantonio Colonna after the victorious Battle of Lepanto over the Turkish fleet. Marking this occasion, the compartmented ceiling was gilded and painted (finished 1575), to thank the Blessed Virgin for the victory. In 1797, with the Roman Republic, the basilica was deconsecrated and turned into a stable.
Interior.
The original unfinished façade has lost the mosaics and subsequent frescoes that originally decorated it, save a mosaic in the tympanum of the main door, one of three doors that are later additions. The Gothic window is the main detail that tourists can see from the bottom of the stairs, but it is the sole truly Gothic detail of the church.
The church is built as a nave and two aisles that are divided by Roman columns, all different, taken from diverse antique monuments. Among its numerous treasures are Pinturicchio's 15th-century frescoes depicting the life of Saint Bernardino of Siena in the Bufalini Chapel, the first chapel on the right. Other features are the wooden ceiling, the inlaid cosmatesque floor, a "Transfiguration" painted on wood by Girolamo Siciolante da Sermoneta, the tombstone of Giovanni Crivelli by Donatello, the tomb of Cecchino dei Bracci, designed by his friend Michelangelo, and works by other artists like Pietro Cavallini (of his frescoes only one survives), Benozzo Gozzoli and Giulio Romano. It houses also a Madonna and a sepulchral monument by Arnolfo di Cambio in the transept.
The church was also famous in Rome for the wooden statue of the infant Jesus ("Santo Bambino"), carved in the 15th century of olive wood coming from the Gethsemane garden and covered with valuable "ex-votos". Many people of Rome believed in the power of this statue. The statue was stolen in February 1994, and never recovered. Nowadays, a copy is present in the church. It is housed in its own chapel by the sacristy. At midnight Mass on Christmas Eve the image is brought out to a throne before the high altar and unveiled at the "Gloria". Until Epiphany the jewel-encrusted image resides in the Nativity crib in the left nave.
The relics of Saint Helena, mother of Constantine the Great are housed at Santa Maria in Aracoeli, as are the remains of Saint Juniper, one of the original followers of Saint Francis of Assisi. Pope Honorius IV and Queen Catherine of Bosnia are also buried in the church. The tablet with the monogram of Jesus that Saint Bernardino of Siena used to promote devotion to the Holy Name of Jesus is kept in Aracoeli.
The tomb of the poet Giulio Salvadori is within the church.

</doc>
<doc id="2855305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855305" title="Infanta Maria Anna of Portugal (1843–1884)">
Infanta Maria Anna of Portugal (1843–1884)

Infanta Maria Ana of Portugal (or of Braganza; ; full name: "Maria Ana Fernanda Leopoldina Micaela Rafaela Gabriela Carlota Antónia Júlia Vitória Praxedes Francisca de Assis Gonzaga"; ; ) (Lisbon, 21 August 1843 – Dresden, 5 February 1884) was a Portuguese "infanta" (princess), the eldest surviving daughter of Queen Maria II of Portugal and her King consort Ferdinand II of Portugal, born Prince of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Life.
After her mother's death in 1853, when Maria Anna was just ten-years-old, she became the leading lady of the court, until her older brother, King Pedro V of Portugal, married Princess Stephanie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, in 1858. Although in the early stages of their acquaintance both sister-in-law shared a good relationship, in a letter written in 1859 to Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, when Stephanie was already dead, King Pedro mentions that his sister made unflattering comments regarding his wife ""because of her feminine vanity caused by a lower status (...)"". 
The relationship between the sisters-in-law seems to have had its ups and downs since Stephanie's arrival in May 1858 and Maria Ana's wedding in May 1859. The Queen wrote about her sister-in-law: ""She is, in every respect, the one who is more like Pedro (...)"", ""She is a charming person, good, generous, remarkably sensible for her age, with no trace of selfishness, respected and loved by all of us" (...) "George of Saxony has discovered a true gem. She is happy and loves him, but she cannot talk about the moment in which she will leave her family without crying. What is certain is that she will leave a terrible emptiness behind"". Maria Ana's brother, Pedro, also claims during this time that his sister is ""the pearl of our family circle"", in a letter to Prince Albert.
Marriage.
She married in Lisbon at the Belém Palace on 11 May 1859 to Prince George of Saxony (1832–1904), second son of King John I of Saxony, a kinsman from the Catholic Albertine branch of her father's Wettin dynasty. Queen Stephanie tried to organize a brilliant ceremony, but, in the end, the wedding was discreet and forgotten both in Portugal and in Saxony. The newly-weds spent their first days as a married couple at Belém Palace. During their short stay in Portugal after the ceremony, Prince George left a poor impression with the Portuguese Royal Family, as he ""barely talked to the bride"" and did not attend a theatre performance to which he had been invited. During that same performance, 15-year-old Maria Anna was seen crying. The couple left to Saxony on May 14th. Maria Anna was not allowed to take Portuguese ladies-in-waiting with her and was only accompanied by her brother Luís in the journey. Pedro V wrote the following regarding the wedding: ""the wedding of my sister to Prince George of Saxony was celebrated with more pomp than happiness. The former is followed by a regretful fate, as he left no sympathies and people who met him often left with a poor impression"."
The marriage was not a happy one, according to Historian Eduardo Nobre who claims that the Prince "did not live up to the expectations and qualities of the Portuguese Infanta". Despite their issues, they had eight children.
Although she renounced her claims to the Portuguese throne when she married, Maria Anna could still become Queen if the male line became extinct. This situation nearly happened in 1861, when King Pedro V and other two of her brothers died from Typhoid Fever and left no children. However, this hypothesis was completely put aside when her brother, King Luís I, married Princess Maria Pia of Savoy and had two sons, the future King Carlos I and Infante Afonso. Despite everything, it's not likely that Maria Anna ever gave this hypothesis great importance because of her troubled marriage and many children. 
Around 1883, her youngest son, Prince Albert of Saxony, became seriously ill. Maria Anna took care of him for several months until he recovered. This effort would be fatal, as the Infanta died from exhaustion, on 5 February 1884, before her husband became King.
In Portugal, her second brother Luís I soon succeeded her eldest brother Peter V as king.
Her husband's elder brother Albert succeeded her father-in-law as King of Saxony and gradually it became clear that he and his wife Carola of Vasa were not able to have children of their own. Maria Anna's eldest son would almost certain to one day succeed to the throne.
Eight children were born of her marriage:
Children.
Princess Maria Anna predeceased her father Ferdinand, her husband George, and her brother-in-law King Albert of Saxony. In 1902 George succeeded his childless brother as king, and on his death in 1904 Maria Anna's eldest son became King of Saxony as Frederick Augustus III.

</doc>
<doc id="2855316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855316" title="Taling Chan District">
Taling Chan District

Taling Chan (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Its neighbour, clockwise from north, are Amphoe Bang Kruai of Nonthaburi Province, Bang Phlat, Bangkok Noi, Bangkok Yai, Phasi Charoen, Bang Khae, and Thawi Watthana districts of Bangkok.
History.
Taling Chan is an old district back when there was Thon Buri province. Now Thon Buri is merged into Bangkok. In 1998, part of the district was split into a new Thawi Watthana district. Historically, much of the area was utilised as orchards, many of those remain there today.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 6 sub-districts ("Khwaeng").
Places.
Taling Chan Floating Market is located on the canal Khlong Chak Phra (คลองชักพระ) in front of the district office. It is opened only on weekends from about 8:30 to 16:00. Orchard produce such as fruits, and vegetables, as well as fish are sold from boats. There is a live traditional Thai music performance from 11:00 to 14:00. The idea for the floating market here was initiated by Chamlong Srimuang in 1987 to honour King Bhumibol's 60th birthday. This is a new attraction since floating markets, an old way of life of the Thai people, had vanished entirely from Bangkok for quite a long time.
Accident.
In 1979, 54 people were killed in the worst accident in Thai railway history when a commuter train collided with a cargo train at Taling Chan.

</doc>
<doc id="2855323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855323" title="Perkinsville, New York">
Perkinsville, New York

Perkinsville is a locale in Steuben County in the U.S. state of New York. It is the birthplace of Patty Maloney. It is located at . As of the 2000 U.S. census, Perkinsville has an average household size of 2.66 persons.
From 1882 to 1963, Perkinsville was on the New York (Hoboken) to Buffalo Main Line of the Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad (1882-1960) and Erie Lackawanna Railroad (1960-1963). Tracks were removed through Perkinsville in 1963 by order of the United States Interstate Commerce Commission to promote highway transportation. As of 2008, Perkinsville has no rail service.

</doc>
<doc id="2855327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855327" title="List of television shows produced by Universal Studios">
List of television shows produced by Universal Studios

Here is a partial list of television series and notable made-for-TV movies produced by Universal Studios, at one time one of the most prolific producers of TV programs in the United States. Universal's TV shows are notable for having a distinct "house style" and for using certain sets, stock footage, and sound effects regularly, as well as recurring cast and crew members (notably, series creators Stephen J. Cannell and Glen A. Larson, and composers Mike Post & Pete Carpenter). (Note: this will need cleaned up and formatted, and there are many more that need to be added.)
TV series:
NBC Studios.
Notable made-for-TV movies:

</doc>
<doc id="2855341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855341" title="Peacefield">
Peacefield

Peacefield, also called Old House, is a historic home formerly owned by second President of the United States, John Adams, and other members of the Adams family, located in Quincy, Massachusetts near Boston. It is now part of the Adams National Historical Park.
History.
Peacefield was the home and farm of John Adams (1735–1826), author of the Constitution of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, contributing author of the United States Declaration of Independence, first Vice President of the United States, and second President of the United States. Peacefield was also home to Adams' wife Abigail Smith Adams (November 11, 1744 – October 28, 1818) who is famous for her independence of thought and her correspondence with John Adams while he attended the Continental Congress in Philadelphia. Peacefield was also home to John Quincy Adams (July 11, 1767 – February 23, 1848) and his wife Louisa Catherine Adams, their son Charles Francis Adams (ambassador to the United Kingdom during the American Civil War), and historians Henry Adams and Brooks Adams.
The oldest portion of the house was built in 1731 by Leonard Vassall, a sugar-planter from Jamaica, and acquired by John and Abigail Adams in 1787 after its loyalist owners had abandoned Massachusetts during the Revolutionary War. The Adams were at that time still resident in London, but returned in 1788 to occupy the house and its of farmland and orchards. They were disagreeably surprised by the house, however, after their years in England. The house at that time consisted of only two low-ceilinged rooms on the ground floor, two bedrooms, and an attic. Abigail Adams wrote "it feels like a wren's nest."
During the subsequent 12 years, with Adams resident in Philadelphia first as Vice President and then as President, Abigail Adams attended to the house and farm. She greatly expanded it, adding what is now the right side of the front facade, with a fine hallway and large parlor on the ground floor and a large study above. The additions were built in the Georgian style with a gambrel roof creating a nearly full attic story. Adams returned to the house full-time in 1801 after his defeat for a second presidential term. His son John Quincy Adams also returned to the house at that time, after completing his ambassadorial term in Berlin. Further extensions to the house were made by his son, Charles Francis Adams.
The house was given by the Adams family to the United States in 1946, and is now open to the public as part of the Adams National Historical Park operated by the National Park Service. Other nearby sites include the John Adams Birthplace, John Quincy Adams Birthplace, and United First Parish Church, where both presidents and their wives are buried.
The family and the home are intertwined with the political and intellectual history of the American nation. Two older and smaller houses are located on the property, as well as the 1870 Gothic Revival Stone Library, housing 14,000 volumes. The property contains a historic orchard of heirloom apples, and formal eighteenth century flower gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="2855344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855344" title="Walter Harriman">
Walter Harriman

Walter Harriman is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2855354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855354" title="Saint Mark Parish, Grenada">
Saint Mark Parish, Grenada

St Mark Parish is a parish on the west coast of Grenada. It is the smallest parish on the island.
Victoria.
Along the west coast of the island nation of Grenada lies the small fishing village of Victoria, Grenada. Victoria is the center of activity for the St. Mark’s parish, the smallest parish on the island in both area and populace with approximately 4,000 people residing. Local activities include the Saint Mark's fiesta which showcases different produce, foods, culture, music and entertainment throughout the villages of St. Mark. St. Mark’s Day is usually a few weeks after Easter in mid April.
Topography.
St Mark's has the highest mountain on Grenada, Mount Saint Catherine, and the tallest waterfall, the Tufton Hall Waterfall.
Food Fest.
The village of Victoria has created a monthly event called the "Sunset City Food Fest." This activity has been created to improve the living conditions of the people of Victoria and have created a common location where the community can come together to enjoy quality food, time and company. It was set up in 2007 in response to of 250 jobs in the nutmeg industry caused by the effects of hurricane Ivan. Thus far the Food Fest is on the last Saturday of each month, however, it is currently aiming to take place fortnightly.
Vendors offer Grenadian cuisine using local ingredients. Dishes include bakes, figs, breadfruit, Farine, Jacks and other Fish, the Grenada Oil-Down, rotis, calaloo soup, crabs, conches (lambi), Tania Log (a porridge prepared from root crops in a traditional manner), and ice cream.

</doc>
<doc id="2855358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855358" title="Vickery, Atkins &amp; Torrey">
Vickery, Atkins &amp; Torrey

Vickery, Atkins & Torrey was an interior design firm and art gallery in San Francisco, California, that helped introduce California to Impressionism. It opened in 1888 on Grant Avenue at Morton Street (now called Maiden Lane), was destroyed in the 1906 fire, and after a few years reopened at 550 Sutter Street, where it stayed in business until 1933.
History.
William Kingston Vickery founded an interior design firm and art gallery in San Francisco in 1888 with his nephew Henry Atkins. In about 1891 they were joined by Frederick C. Torrey (1864–1935), a specialist in prints and Chinese porcelains. In 1900 the company became Vickery, Atkins & Torrey. During the 1890s William Vickery supervised a series of loan exhibitions that helped introduce Impressionism to California in the form of paintings by Monet, Eugène Boudin, Paul Cézanne, Camille Pissarro, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Edgar Degas. These pictures were lent by Californian impressionist Lucy Bacon, who studied in France under Camille Pissarro and met Paul Cézanne, and Mrs. William H. Crocker, the leading California patron of French Impressionist art at the time.
In its gallery, the company exhibited European, American and Japanese prints, Pictorialist photography, paintings and sculpture. Some of the prominent California artists who had one-person exhibitions there were Anne Bremer, Maynard Dixon, William Keith, Xavier Martinez, Francis McComas, Arthur Putnam, and Mary Curtis Richardson.
Vickery, Atkins & Torrey designed interiors for mansions, clubs and universities. The firm sold furniture, decorative objects and jewelry, including many works designed by Henry Atkins. The firm also published art books.
Locations.
Vickery, Atkins & Torrey moved to several locations within San Francisco during its existence:
See also.
Katherine Hill, “Vickery, Atkins and Torrey Passes After Half a Century,” San Francisco "Chronicle", 18 June 1933.
Photographs, sketches, drawings, and business records from Vickery, Atkins & Torrey are archived at the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="2855361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855361" title="Kiev Psalter of 1397">
Kiev Psalter of 1397

The Kiev Psalter of 1397, or Spiridon Psalter, is one of the most famous East Slavic illuminated manuscripts, containing over three hundred miniatures. It was written in 1397 by the scribe, Archdeacon Spiridon in Kiev, "at the command of Bishop Mikhail"; however, both scribe and patron had recently arrived from Moscow, and the decorations were probably added there later, in a refined and lively style, closely following a Byzantine 11th century Psalter.
Printing.
Many of the miniatures illustrate—often not very closely—passages from a psalm, with thin red lines drawn between miniature and text to indicate the passage intended (compare the Chludov Psalter). Sometimes the meaning of the illustration is explained in long notes in the same thin red draft (apparently original). Each leaf is about 30 x 24.5 cm, larger than a typical Byzantine psalter. The weighty and elegant script and large size of the page adds to the impressiveness of the book.
History.
The Psalter passed through the hands of numerous Lithuanian nobles before being sold to the Russian Count Sergey Sheremetev in the mid-19th century. Courtesy of the count, its first printed edition was prepared by Nikodim Kondakov and Fyodor Buslaev. In 1932, the Sheremetev Library merged into the Russian National Library in St Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="2855373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855373" title="Jasper Grosvenor">
Jasper Grosvenor

Jasper Grosvenor (1794–1857) was an American financier of the early to mid 19th century. In 1832 he partnered with Thomas Rogers and Morris Ketchum to form the manufacturing firm Rogers, Ketchum and Grosvenor which became the second most popular steam locomotive manufacturing company in North America in the 19th century. He remained a partner in the business until his death in 1857.
Jasper lived in New York City with his wife Matilda, on the same upscale city block as William H. Aspinwall (founder of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company and the Panama Railroad). The Grosvenors were a religious family and were patrons of New York's Church of the Ascension; after Jasper's death, Matilda donated one of the stained glass windows in the church, the Grosvenor Memorial by Frederic Crowninshield which depicts "Angels at the Sepulchre," in Jasper's memory. Matilda Grosvenor survived Jasper to die in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="2855375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855375" title="Vlad Tepes (band)">
Vlad Tepes (band)

Vlad Tepes was a French black metal band which was formed in Brest in 1993. The name originated from the 15th century Wallachian ruler, the inspiration for Bram Stoker's fictional vampire Dracula. The group belongs to The Black Legions. Vorlok Drakksteim also has a side project named Black Murder. He is the composer of that band, while Wlad Drakksteim is the composer for Vlad Tepes. Vlad Tepes were one of the Black legions bands featured in the magazine "The Black Plague - First Chapter (And Maybe Last One)" in 1995.
Biography.
After a self-released rehearsal tape, the demo-tape "War Funeral March" (1994) was released on the American market by Full Moon Productions. It was followed the next year by "March to the Black Holocaust", a split release with fellow Black Legions act Bèlkètre, issued on the French Embassy Productions. In 1996, another split album with the Black Legions project Torgeist, "Black Legions Metal", was released by the French Drakkar Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="2855379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855379" title="Cicia">
Cicia

Cicia (pronounced ) is a Fijian island of the Lau Group. One of the Northern Lau Islands, Cicia is volcanic and is composed of raised coral. Its area is 34 km².
Cicia is inhabited and has an airport, Cicia Airport. The Australian magpie "(Gymnorhina tibicen)" was introduced to Cicia in order to control coconut pests and is now endemic to the island.

</doc>
<doc id="2855392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855392" title="Metro Broadcast Corporation">
Metro Broadcast Corporation

Metro Broadcast Corporation Ltd. () is one of the three broadcasting corporations in Hong Kong, the others being the Hong Kong Commercial Broadcasting Company Limited (香港商業電台 Pinyin: Xiānggǎng Shāngyè Diàntái) and Radio Television Hong Kong (香港電台 Pinyin: Xiānggǎng Diàntái). Metro was founded on 1 July 1991 and under the Hong Kong-listed Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited now.
Metro Radio Hong Kong, founded by its first Managing Director, Craig Quick, consists of 5 radio channels; Metro Finance (FM104), Metro Info (FM99.7), Metro Plus (AM 1044), Metro Finance Digital (DAB+) and Metro Music Digital (DAB+). These services provide audiences with instantaneous online audio and visual programming. Metro also cooperates with a prominent mobile phone services provider, 3 Mobile, to offer multimedia broadcasting service through mobile phones. In addition, Metro's website offers eSHOP-an online platform for audiences to purchase goods on the internet.
In 2003, Metro was granted a 12-year radio broadcasting license by the Hong Kong Government in accordance with the Telecommunication Ordinance. This is due to expire in 2016. Metro Radio is the only commercial radio station in Hong Kong broadcasts in AM, FM & DAB+.
History.
In 1990 the Hong Kong government reformed radio broadcasting regulations, allowing the introduction of a third radio station. It released the license to Metro Radio.
In 1991 Metro Radio set up its headquarters in Site 11 Whampoa Garden Hunghom Kowloon (香港九龍紅磡黃埔花園 第十一期). At that time, Metro Radio had two Chinese channels- channel FM99.7 (勁歌台)and channel FM104 (金曲台) and also one English channel - AM 1044 (Metro News).
In 1994 Philip Chan Yan Kin (陈欣健）took over as General Manager and revised many of its programs.
In 1996 Metro Radio carried out its first major image reconstruction to publicise a strategic shift of focus from news services to entertainment. This image overhaul was most evident in a few key name changes. The names of channel FM99.7 (勁歌台) and channel FM104 (金曲台) were changed to Hit Radio (新城997) and FM Select (精選104) respectively, and Metro News became Metro Plus.
In the same year, personal conflicts between the Metro radio executives boiled over, leading to the resignation of former leader Chan Hoi-kei (陳海琪), and the ascendancy to leadership of Bak wan-kam (白韻琴).
In 1997 due to an expansion, the head office of Metro Radio moved to Basement 2 Site 6 Whampoa Garden Hunghom Kowloon (香港九龍紅磡黃埔花園第六期地庫二層).
In 1998 continuing to make headway with its growing mainstream market, Metro Radio set up another broadcasting station in Central's The Center (中環中心), Hong Kong Island.
In 2001 Metro Radio carried out its second major image reconstruction. On 22 January, it changed Hit Radio (新城997) to Metro Showbiz (新城娛樂台). On 5 February, FM Select (精選104) was renamed Metro Finance (新城財經台).
In 2004 Metro Radio attempted to make headway in the broadcasting market of the Pearl River Delta by entering into a shared programming agreement with Radio Guangdong (廣東電台).
On 2 January 2008, Metro Showbiz was renamed to Metroinfo (新城知訊台). Metroinfo broadcast both entertainment and financial programs. 
The CEO of Metro Radio was Kam Kwok-leung (甘國亮) and the director of Metroinfo was Chu Ming-yui (朱明銳) in the past.
Metro Finance (FM 104).
Metro Finance started up on 5 February 2001. Metro Finance delivers diverse content relating to investment funds, securities, bonds, insurance and other information relating to financial markets in many places around the world.
Metro Finance World also organizes investment talks throughout the year. The chief executive officers of companies and investment banks or other famous financial commentators are invited to make speeches. For example, Tso, the special column writer of "Investment Diary" in the Hong Kong Economic Journal, is a leading event organizer as well as a keynote speaker in these talks. These events boast a strong turnout, topics aimed at the stockbroker in all of us such as the latest market trends are discussed, as well as investment advice for the audience. The talks are later broadcast by Metro Finance and other medium in China.
Metro Info (FM 99.7).
Metro Showbiz has started broadcasting the latest entertainment news hourly, 24 hours a day since 22 January 2001. While it is metro's M.O to make their form of entertainment news an integral part of every listener's day their ratings and market share prove that they are doing just that in one way or another. Metro Radio has been and continues to be an industry leader in merging news and entertainment, in line with a growing trend in the international news media.
Hit awards.
Every year Television Broadcast Limited (TVB), Commercial Radio, RTHK and Metro Radio present awards to outstanding singers, composers and authors for outstanding performance in the entertainment industry. Metro Radio holds the Hit Awards annually at the end of December (usually on Boxing Day, i.e. 26 December), which is the first award among the four. The Hit Awards gives out more than 100 different awards in categories such as hit singers and hit groups, hit songs, etc. It is Metro Showbiz' biggest event of the year since many of the most popular singers and their fans attend while also attracting widespread media coverage. However, it has been criticized of giving out awards randomly rather than basing on the singers' performance. In 2007, a music label, Gold Label, has boycotted the ceremony due to rumours about their singers going to get only a few awards. It also presents the annual "Metro Radio Mandarin Hits Music Awards" (新城國語力頒獎禮), around July and August, since 2002.
Metro Plus (AM 1044).
As Hong Kong is an international cosmopolitan centre and, Metro plus AM1044 raises its standard to serve a growing international audience. It provides up to date information to listeners such as international news coverage, current affairs, entertainment, music, health, cosmetic trends, jokes and conducts interviews with celebrities. It provides listeners with a wider scope of information from every part of the world through its English channel. The Indonesian Hour, Filipino Hour and Desi Dhamaka are some of the most representational international programs available in the Hong Kong area, catering for the cities' diverse cultural heritage.
Metro Plus has developed many programs for listeners coming from all over the world, this is in line with promoting a more multi-cultural outlook. Due to such an outlook as well as contributions made to society, Metro Plus was awarded "Caring Company 2002/2003" by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service (HKCSS).
Metro Finance Digital (DAB+ 11).
Metro Finance Digital (MFD) focuses on Mainland China and worldwide financial market, with educational programmes on investment. These programmes aim to provide knowledge on worldwide finance to attract audiences who are interested in investment for further enriching their knowledge on finance. Certain programmes from Metro Finance and Metro Info channels will be repeated in MFD as well.
Metro Music Digital (DAB+ 12).
This channel mainly focuses on music including local, British, American, Japanese, Korean and Taiwanese pop music. Aiming to restore the DJ culture, apart from providing a wide selection of Jazz, Soul and R&D music, famous musicians will also be invited to the music programmes as DJ. Metro Music Digital (MMD) channel now boardcasts on its own for 14 hours per day. It will joint boardcast with Metro Finance and Metro Info channels for the remaining time. The slogan of MMD is "Love Music, Love Green."
External links.
Source: Pinyin translated by Cozy Website

</doc>
<doc id="2855396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855396" title="American Electrology Association">
American Electrology Association

The American Electrology Association is the largest professional membership organization for practitioners of electrolysis permanent hair removal. Although its name says American, its membership is actually international.
Together with Educational Testing Service they created and administer the Certified Professional Electrologist exam. Those passing the exam are known as Board Certified Electrologists, Certified Professional Electrologists (CPE).

</doc>
<doc id="2855397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855397" title="Thawi Watthana District">
Thawi Watthana District

Thawi Watthana (; ) is one of the 50 districts (Khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Its neighbor, clockwise from north, are Amphoe Bang Kruai of Nonthaburi Province, Taling Chan, Bang Khae, and Nong Khaem districts of Bangkok, Sam Phran and Phutthamonthon of Nakhon Pathom Province.
History.
The district is named after Khlong Thawi Watthana, a very long khlong that runs roughly northwest-southeast through the area. It was a tambon, part of Amphoe Taling Chan of Thon Buri province, back in 1933. It was promoted to a district effective from 6 March 1998. Much of the land is used for agriculture with many khlongs providing water to the orchards. However they are gradually replaced by housing projects along the district major roads.
Administration.
The district is sub-divided into 2 sub-districts ("Kwaeng").
Places.
Utthayan Road (ถนนอุทยาน), the road toward Phutthamonthon, is one of the most beautiful avenues in Thailand. The road is 90 m wide, about 3,861 m long, and divided into the central avenue and two parallel lanes along both sides. The lightposts along the length of the road is decorated with "Hongs" (หงส์, a bird in Thai mythology). The road was planned as part of the grand Phutthamonthon project of Field Marshal Plaek Pibulsonggram, the then prime minister, during the 1950s. The project was stalled when he went out of office and only resumed and opened as recently as 27 February 1999. The original name of the road was Aksa (อักษะ), the Thai name for The Axis.
Siamese Cat Park (อุทยานแมวไทยโบราณ) is a farm where a rare breed of Siamese cats named Khao Manee (ขาวมณี) are kept and maintained. The cats are white and odd-eyed, i.e., left and right eyes have different colors. The possible eye colors are emerald, yellow sapphire, amber, brown, grey, diamond, blue, and light blue. It descends from royal felines of King Chulalongkorn where only nine were left before the attempt to preserve this breed was initiated by the king. The park was recently moved to Liap Khlong Thawi Watthana Road (ถนนเลียบคลองทวีวัฒนา).
Thon Buri Market (ตลาดนัดธนบุรี) or Sanam Luang 2 (สนามหลวง 2) is a market selling agriculture products, gardening, pets, orchids, etc. with widest selections available during weekends. You can also find second-hand goods on Monday and Tuesday.
House of Museums is a small museum displaying various kind of shops and their everyday items from around 50 years ago. It is located in Muban Khlong Pho Land, Sala Thammasop Road.

</doc>
<doc id="2855406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855406" title="List of places in Swansea (categorised)">
List of places in Swansea (categorised)

This is a list of places in the City and County of Swansea, South Wales
Geographical.
Beaches.
There are over seventy named beaches in the Swansea area. Some of the larger beaches have seaside resort amenities and are easily accessible by road. For those seeking more adventure and tranquility there are some beaches that are only accessible on foot by trekking over cliffs or through farmland.
This is a list of the larger, more well-known beaches:

</doc>
<doc id="2855408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855408" title="Stanislas Marie Adelaide, comte de Clermont-Tonnerre">
Stanislas Marie Adelaide, comte de Clermont-Tonnerre

Stanislas Marie Adélaïde, comte de Clermont-Tonnerre (October 10, 1757 – August 10, 1792) was a French military officer, and a politician during the French Revolution.
Early life and career.
Born in Pont-à-Mousson, Lorraine, in what is today the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France, Stanislas is the eldest son of François-Joseph, marquis de Clermont-Tonnerre (1726-1809) and his first wife, Mary Anne de Lentilhac de Gimel, and the grandson of Gaspard, duc de Clermont-Tonnerreb (1688-1781), marshal of France. Following in the family tradition, he became colonel of the 1st regiment of cuirassiers.
He married (in 1782) Mary Louise Josephine Delphine de Rosieres de Sorans (December 1766 - October 26, 1832, Paris), lady-in-waiting to Princess Élisabeth of France, sister of Louis XVI. She bore him three children, of whom only the eldest daughter survived into adulthood, marrying (in 1803) Esprit Louis Charles Alexandre Savary de Lancosme (1784-1853).
Prior to the beginning of the French Revolution he was a Freemason, a noted orator, (having acquired practice in speaking in the Masonic Lodge) and a Liberal.
French Revolution.
He was elected to the Estates-General of 1789 by the Second Estate of Paris, and was the spokesman of the minority of Liberal nobles (including the duc d'Orléans and the marquis de Lafayette) who joined the Third Estate on the 25th of June.
He voted for the motion of the vicomte de Noailles to abolish feudalism in France 4–5 August 1789.
Clermont-Tonnerre desired to model the new constitution of France on the organic laws of England. He served on the first incarnation (established 17 July 1789) of the eight-member Constitutional Committee. When the National Assembly rejected its proposals for a bicameral legislature and an absolute veto for the Crown (10–11 September 1789), he resigned along with five fellow conservatives (including Jean Joseph Mounier). For the remainder of the tenure of the National Assembly he attached himself to the party of moderate Royalists, known as monarchi gens, led by Pierre Victor, baron Malouet.
He was twice elected president of the National Constituent Assembly in rapid succession (17–31 August 1789; 9–28 September 1789).
Conflict with the Jacobins.
His political views earned him the animosity of radical politicians of the Palais Royal; but in spite of threats and abuse he continued to advocate a moderate liberal policy, especially in the matter of removing restrictions for the Jews and Protestants and of extending the system of trial by jury.
In January 1790, he collaborated with Malouet in founding the Club des Impartiaux and the Journal des Impartiaux, the names of which were changed in November to the Société des Amis de la Constitution Monarchique and Journal de la Société, &c. in order to emphasize their opposition to the Jacobin Club. Their Société des Amis was denounced by Antoine Pierre Joseph Marie Barnave in the Assembly (January 21, 1791), and on March 28 it was attacked by a mob, whereupon it was closed by order of the Assembly.
Last Days.
Clermont-Tonnerre was arrested after the Flight to Varennes (21 June 1791). He was released 10 August 1792, only to be murdered by the people of Paris during the riots - the Storming of the Tuileries, Palace).

</doc>
<doc id="2855410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855410" title="Nikkal">
Nikkal

Nikkal, Ugaritic 𐎐𐎋𐎍 "nkl", full name Nikkal-wa-Ib, is a goddess of Ugarit/Canaan and later of Phoenicia. She is a goddess of orchards, whose name means "Great Lady and Fruitful" and derives from Akkadian / West Semitic "´Ilat ´Inbi" meaning "Goddess of Fruit". De Moor translates Ugaritic 𐎛𐎁 "ib" as "blossom" which survives in biblical Hebrew as אֵב (Strongs Concordance 3) and cites as a survival of this usage
She is daughter of Khirkhibi, the Summer's King, and is married to the moon god Yarikh, who gave her necklaces of lapis-lazuli. Their marriage is lyrically described in the Ugaritic text "Nikkal and the Kathirat". She may have been feted in late summer when tree fruits had been finally harvested. Her Sumerian equivalent is the goddess Ningal, the mother of Inanna and Ereshkigal.
The oldest incomplete annotated piece of ancient music is a Hurrian song, a hymn in Ugaritic cuneiform syllabic writing which was dedicated to Nikkal. This was published upon its discovery in Ugarit by Emmanuel Laroche, first in 1955 and then more fully in 1968, and has been the focus of many subsequent studies in palaeomusicology by, amongst others, Anne Draffkorn Kilmer, who gave it the title of "The Hymn to Nikkal" l.

</doc>
<doc id="2855417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855417" title="Sergio Witz">
Sergio Witz

Sergio Witz Rodríguez (b. 1962 in Campeche, Campeche) is a Mexican poet. His literary work has been recognized by Mexico's National Fund for Culture and Arts (FONCA), a government agency that promotes the arts and culture by funding promising talents. 
Witz was the winner of the 1994 Tabasco Poetry Prize. He is the author of "Como hierba ardiente," "Ciudad de paso" and "Mi odio por los barcos." The opinion has been expressed that his writing follows the tradition of the "poètes maudits" such as Charles Baudelaire in France and Charles Bukowski in the United States. 
In 2002, he published a brief poem titled "La patria entre mierda" ("The Motherland among the Shit"), in which he expressed a desire to use the flag of Mexico as lavatory paper. Because of the controversy caused by this poem, the Attorney General decided to proceed with a prosecution and filed federal charges against Rodríguez for the crime of "insulting national symbols." An amparo relief filing he lodged with the Supreme Court was dismissed on October 5, 2005, allowing the prosecution to proceed. On May 7, 2008, a federal court in Campeche found him guilty and, ignoring the public prosecutor's request that a custodial sentence be imposed, ordered him to pay a fine of $50 (€3.10, US$4.75).

</doc>
<doc id="2855419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855419" title="Zelda Popkin">
Zelda Popkin

Zelda Popkin (1898–1983, née Feinberg) was an American author of novels and mystery stories. She created Mary Carner, one of the first professional female private detectives in fiction. Carner was a store detective who appeared in five novels. Connections have been made with Angela Lansbury’s character in the television series "Murder, She Wrote" — Jessica Fletcher.
Popkin's most successful book was "The Journey Home", published in 1945, which sold nearly a million copies. "Small Victory", published in 1947, was one of the first American novels with a Holocaust theme, and "Quiet Street" (1951) was the first American novel about the creation of the state of Israel. She also wrote an autobiography, "Open Every Door" (1956), chronicling her childhood, life with Louis, and life after his death. "Herman Had Two Daughters" (1968), a novel about two young Jewish women growing up in a small Pennsylvania town, is also largely autobiographical.
Zelda Popkin was married to Louis Popkin, and together they ran a small public relations firm until his death. They had two children, Roy and Richard.

</doc>
<doc id="2855421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855421" title="Kundakunda">
Kundakunda

Kundakunda (also Kundkund) is a celebrated Jain Acharya, Jain scholar monk, 2nd century CE, composer of spiritual classics such as: "Samayasara, Niyamasara, Panchastikayasara, Pravachansara, Atthapahuda" and "Barasanuvekkha". He occupies the highest place in the tradition of the Jain acharyas.
He belonged to the Mula Sangh order. His proper name was Padmanandi, he is popularly referred to as Kundakunda because he was born in a place named Kaundakunda in south India. He is closely associated with the Digambara sect, also in recent decades, his books have become popular among Svetambaras also. He was known also as:
For Digambaras, his name has auspicious significance and occupies third place after Bhagavan Mahavira and Gautama Ganadhara in the sacred litany. Kundakunda's singular contribution consists in his compiling a number of liturgical tracts and creating several masterly doctrinal works of his own, which provided a parallel canon for the Digambara tradition. This earned him the everlasting gratitude of the Digambaras, who have for centuries invoked his name together with that of Mahavira and his chief ganadhara Indrabhuti Gautama, placing him ahead even of Bhadrabahu, Visakha, and some forty other elders (sthaviras ) in the lineage, thus making him virtually the founder of the Digambara sect.
Works.
The works attributed to Kundakunda, all of them in Prakrit, can be divided in three groups. The first group is a collection of ten bhaktis (devotional prayers), short compositions in praise of the acaryas (Acaryabhakti ), the scriptures (Srutabhakti ), the mendicant conduct (Caritrabhakti ), and so forth. They form the standard liturgical texts used by the Digambaras in their daily rituals and bear close resemblance to similar texts employed by the Svetambaras, suggesting the possibility of their origin in the canonical period prior to the division of the community. The second group comprises four original works described as "The Essence" (sara )— namely, the Niyamasara (The Essence of the Restraint, or the mendicant discipline, in 187 verses), the Panchastikayasara (The Essence of the Five Existents, in 153 verses), the Samayasara (The Essence of Self-Realization, in 439 verses), and the Pravachanasara (The Essence of the Teaching, in 275 verses), all of which, because of their nonconventional or absolute (nischayanaya ) approach, have exerted a tremendous influence not only on the Digambara psyche but, as will be seen in Chapter VI, even on some of the leading members of the Shvetambara community, both old and new. The last group consists of eight short texts called Prabhrta (Pkt. pahuda, i.e., a gift or a treatise), probably compilations from some older sources, on such topics as the right view (Darsanaprabhrta, in 36 verses), right conduct (Caritraprabhrta, in 44 verses), the scripture (Sutraprabhrta, in 27 verses), and so forth. Dr. A. N. Upadhye in his critical edition of the Pravachansara has examined at great length the problems concerning the date and author-ship of these and other works attributed to Kundakunda and has placed him in the middle of the 2nd century AD.
Kundakunda wrote in Shauraseni Prakrit. Amongst the modern followers of Kundakunda, three names are remarkable, Banarasidasa, a 16th-century lay poet from Agra who began his spiritual quest after reading kundakunda's "Samayasara"; Rajachandra, the Gujarati merchant who trod famously on the spiritual path highlighted by Acharya Kundakunda; and Kanji Swami who converted from Shwetambar Monk to a Digamabar follower and preached Kundkund's "Samaysara" and other books passionately for fifty years.
Beliefs.
It is believed that Acharya Kundkund was knowing the Avakashgamini vidya (Skill to teleport self through air). He went to videh kshetra where Simandhar swami's samav sharan was going. Height of acharyas there was so huge that Kundkund looked like cardamom size in front of them. Hence those acharyas called him "Elacharya" (Cardamom sized acharya). Acharya Kundkund gained knowledge directly from Tirthankara Shri Simandhar Swami and created the "Samaysaar".
It has been written in various Jain literature that Aacharya Kundkund has written '84 Pahurs' but most of them are missing time by time. The most famous of them is 'Samaya Pahur' also known as 'SamayaSaar'.
Other than this are Pravachanpahur, Ashtapahur, Lingpahur, Sheelpahur, Niyampahur etc.

</doc>
<doc id="2855427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855427" title="Siargao">
Siargao

Siargao is a tear-drop shaped island in the Philippine Sea situated 800 kilometers southeast of Manila in the province of Surigao del Norte. It has a land area of approximately 437 square kilometers. The east coast is relatively straight with one deep inlet, Port Pilar. The coastline is marked by a succession of reefs, small points and white, sandy beaches. The neighboring islands and islets have similar landforms. 
Geography.
Siargao Island contains the largest mangrove forest reserves in Mindanao, at Del Carmen. Long stretches of wetlands indicate a potential for commercial seaweed propagation. Siargao Island is greatly influenced by the winds and currents coming uninterrupted from the Pacific Ocean, intensified by the Mindanao current running westward through the Siargao Strait.
Siargao is situated at a coordinate of . It is composed of municipalities of Burgos, Dapa, Del Carmen, General Luna, San Benito, Pilar, San Isidro, Santa Monica and Socorro.
Offshore, a classic tropical island lies protected within its surrounding coral reef with dozens of coconut palms dressed in the center circle of the island. Off to the right, well within the massive coastal reef, lies a shining white sand bar, (Pansukian, or Naked island) some 200 meters long. The tide of Siargao is diurnal with tidal curves typically present, especially on the east coast of the island.
The Island's Pacific-facing reefs are situated on the edge of the Philippine Trench, and the extremely deep offshore waters assure the ocean swells have undiluted power when they encounter the many coral and rock reefs. Siargao has excellent surfing conditions, particularly during the southwest "habagat" monsoon from August to November, when the prevailing wind is offshore.
In the past, going to Siargao is by domestic flights from Manila to Surigao, and then by boat to Siargao Island. The island is now also served by Cebu Pacific flying direct to Siargao Island via Cebu.
History.
First recorded sighting by Europeans of Siargao Island was by Spanish navigator Bernardo de la Torreon board of the carrack "San Juan de Letrán" in 1543, when attempting to return from Sarangani to New Spain. It was charted as "Isla de las Palmas" (Palm Island in Spanish). 
Cloud 9.
One of the best known surfing waves on Siargao and the Philippines, with a worldwide reputation for thick, hollow tubes is "Cloud 9". This right-breaking reef wave is the site of the annual Siargao Cup, a domestic and international surfing competition sponsored by the provincial government of Surigao del Norte.
The wave was discovered by travelling surfers in the late 1980s. It was named after a chocolate bar of same name, and was featured by American photographer John S. Callahan in the United States- based "Surfer" magazine in March 1993. Cloud 9 also has a reputation for being a relatively cheap destination for surfers with many cheap accommodations and restaurants and bars to choose from.
There are several other quality waves on Siargao and nearby islands, but Cloud 9 has received more publicity than any other surf spot in the Philippines. It is the only wave easily accessible without a boat, leading to overcrowding and the nickname of "Crowd 9" among surfers. Eager foreign and locally owned accommodation and tourist facilities have profited from the magazine publicity and the influx of visitors drawn by the annual Siargao Cup competition in September.
Siargao is well known as "The Surfing Capital of the Philippines" with a reputation among surfers within the Philippines and the International scene.
Eddie Florano has also written a song called "Surfin' in Siargao" from the 2006 "Ukulele World: Acoustic & Power Ukulele" compilation album.

</doc>
<doc id="2855434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855434" title="Brickyard Kennedy">
Brickyard Kennedy

William Park (Brickyard) Kennedy (October 7, 1867 – September 23, 1915) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball. From 1892 through , he played for the Brooklyn Grooms/Superbas (1892–1901), New York Giants (1902) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1903). Kennedy batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Bellaire, Ohio. 
In twelve seasons, Kennedy posted a 187–159 record with 797 strikeouts and a 3.96 ERA in 3021 innings pitched.
Kennedy was a dominant pitcher in his first four seasons with Brooklyn, winning 25 games in 1893 and 24 in 1894. After averaging 17.5 victories in the next four seasons, he rebounded to win 22 in 1899 and 20 a year later. While pitching in 1901, he was bothered by arm problems and finished 3–5 in eight starts. He signed with the New York Giants at the end of the season.
In 1902, Kennedy made his first start with the Giants and pitched a shutout against his former team, 6–0, on four hits, his only win in a Giants uniform. Then, he was purchased by the Pittsburgh Pirates from the Giants.
In 1903, Kennedy went 9–6 in 18 starts for the Pirates team that won the National League pennant. On his 35th birthday, Kennedy pitched in the first World Series. In Game Five, with Pittsburgh up three games to one, Kennedy faced Cy Young and the Boston Americans. Kennedy and Young each pitched five scoreless innings, until Honus Wagner committed two errors and Boston scored six runs. After giving up another four runs in the seventh, Kennedy was replaced and did not pitch again in the majors.
Kennedy died from tuberculosis in his hometown of Bellaire, Ohio at age 47.

</doc>
<doc id="2855441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855441" title="DAV College, Kanpur">
DAV College, Kanpur

Dayanand Anglo Vaidik Mahavidyalaya (D.A-V. College) in Kanpur, India, established 1919 by Lala Diwan Chand is the second oldest college in the city, and counts among its ex-students revolutionaries like Chandra Shekhar Azad and numerous political figures. The college is situated in Civil Lines, opposite the Green Park Stadium. There are about 18,000 students with approximately 350 teaching staff. The college is accredited by the Indian NAAC.
Former Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee studied here.
DAV college, Kanpur is affiliated with Chhatrapati Sahu Ji Maharaj University (formerly Kanpur University). It is managed by the Dayanand Anglo-Vedic College Trust and Management Society (DAV)

</doc>
<doc id="2855443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855443" title="Richard R. Day">
Richard R. Day

Richard R. Day is a professor of ESL and SLA, at the University of Hawaii. He has a Ph.D. from the University of Hawaii, a Master of Arts degree for TEFL from Southern Illinois University, and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Brown University.[http://www.hawaii.edu/sls/day/index.html] Dr. Day's most recent book was co-edited with Julian Bamford, Extensive Reading Activities for Teaching Language, published by Cambridge University Press. He has given numerous talks and workshops at conferences around the world. He has been a visiting professor at Ha Noi University of Foreign Studies, Ha Noi, Viet Nam, and Assumption University, Bangkok, Thailand.
Dr. Day was awarded the Milne Award for Significant Achievements in the Field of Extensive Reading at the Second World Congress on Extensive Reading at Yonsei University, Seoul, Republic of Korea on 14th September, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="2855447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855447" title="Methow River">
Methow River

The Methow River ( ) is a tributary of the Columbia River in northern Washington in the United States. The river's watershed is , with a population of about 5,000 people. The Methow's watershed is characterized by relatively pristine habitats, as much of the river basin is located in national forests and wildernesses. Many tributaries drain the large Pasayten Wilderness. An earlier economy based on agriculture is giving way to one based on recreation and tourism.
The river was named after the Methow Native Americans (today part of the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Indian Reservation). The name "Methow" comes from the Okanagan placename "/mətxʷú/", meaning "sunflower (seeds)". The Native American name for the river was "Buttlemuleemauch", meaning "salmon falls river". In 1841 the Wilkes Expedition named the river "Barrier River". Alexander Ross said the native name was Buttle-mule-emauch. In 1811 David Thompson met the tribe living along the river and wrote their name as Smeetheowe. In 1853 George Gibbs called the river Methow or Barrier.
Course.
The Methow River, along with its tributaries the Twisp River, Cedar Creek, and Early Winters Creek, originates in a cluster of high mountains including Golden Horn, Tower Mountain, Cutthroat Peak, Snagtooth Ridge, Kangaroo Ridge, Early Winter Spires, and Liberty Bell Mountain. Several mountain passes are associated with the Methow River and its tributaries, such as Methow Pass and Twisp Pass. State Route 20 utilizes Washington Pass and Rainy Pass, also in the general areas of headwater streams.
The Pacific Crest Trail follows the uppermost reach of the Methow River, until the river turns east, flowing into the Methow Valley near Mazama. Along the way, it collects the tributary streams of Robinson Creek and Lost River. In the Methow Valley, between Mazama and Winthrop, the Methow River is joined by Early Winters Creek, Cedar Creek, Goat Creek, and Wolf Creek. The Chewuch River joins at Winthrop. One of the Methow's larger tributaries, the Chewuch River, and its many tributaries drain large parts of the Pasayten Wilderness to the north. One of its headwater streams, Cathedral Creek, reaches nearly to British Columbia, Canada.
The Methow Valley continues below Winthrop to Twisp, where the Methow River is joined by another important tributary, the Twisp River. Flowing from the west, the Twisp River drains the mountains south of Washington Pass as well as the eastern slopes of Sawtooth Ridge, a major mountain range with some of Washington state's highest peaks (such as Star Peak and Mt Bigelow).
Downriver from Twisp, the Methow River passes by the communities of Carlton and Methow, receiving several minor tributaries, before joining the Columbia River at Pateros. This part of the Columbia is the impoundment of Wells Dam, a lake known as Lake Pateros.

</doc>
<doc id="2855451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855451" title="Gleti">
Gleti

Gleti is a moon goddess from the African kingdom of Dahomey, situated in what is now Benin.
In Dahomey mythology, she is the mother of all the stars. An eclipse is caused by the shadow of the moon’s husband crossing her face.
Second meaning: GLETi was a computer system belonging to Endesa used for the management of readings. It means: Gestión de Lecturas de Equipos Transitorios.

</doc>
<doc id="2855453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855453" title="Depletion-load NMOS logic">
Depletion-load NMOS logic

In integrated circuits, depletion-load NMOS is a form of digital logic family that uses only a single power supply voltage, unlike earlier nMOS logic families that needed more than one different power supply voltage. Although manufacturing these integrated circuits required additional processing steps, elimination of the extra power supply, and improved switching speed, made this logic family the preferred choice for many microprocessors and other logic elements. 
Some depletion-load nMOS designs are still produced, typically in parallel with newer CMOS counterparts; one example of this is the Z84015 and Z84C15.
Depletion-mode n-type MOSFETs as load transistors allow single voltage operation and achieve greater speed than possible with pure enhancement-load devices. This is partly because the depletion-mode MOSFETs can be a better current source approximation than the simpler enhancement-mode transistor can, especially when no extra voltage is available (one of the reasons early pMOS and nMOS chips demanded several voltages).
The inclusion of depletion-mode n-MOS transistors in the manufacturing process demanded additional manufacturing steps compared to the simpler enhancement-load circuits; this is because depletion-load devices are formed by increasing the amount of dopant in the load transistors channel region, in order to adjust their threshold voltage. This is normally performed using ion implantation.
History and background.
Silicon gate.
In the late 1960s, bipolar junction transistors were a hundred times as fast as the (p-channel) MOS transistors then used and were much more reliable, but they also consumed much more power, required more area, and demanded a more complicated manufacturing process. MOS ICs were considered interesting but inadequate for supplanting the fast bipolar circuits in anything but niche markets, such as low power applications. One of the reasons for the low speed was that MOS transistors had gates made of aluminum which led to considerable parasitic capacitances using the manufacturing processes of the time. The introduction of transistors with gates of polycrystalline silicon (that became the "de facto" standard from the mid-1970s to early 2000s) was an important first step in order to reduce this handicap. This new "self-aligned silicon-gate" transistor was introduced by Federico Faggin at Fairchild Semiconductor in early 1968; it was a refinement (and the first working implementation) of ideas and work by John C. Sarace, Tom Klein and Robert W. Bower (around 1966–67) for a transistor with less parasitic capacitances that could be manufactured as part of an IC (and not only as a discrete component). This new type of pMOS transistor was 3–5 times as fast (per watt) as the aluminum-gate pMOS transistor, and it needed less area, had much lower leakage and higher reliability. The same year, Faggin also built the first IC using the new transistor type, the "Fairchild 3708" (8-bit analog multiplexer with decoder), which demonstrated a substantially improved performance over its metal-gate counterpart. In less than 10 years, the silicon gate MOS transistor replaced bipolar circuits as the main vehicle for complex digital ICs.
nMOS and back-gate bias.
There are a couple of drawbacks associated with pMOS: The electron holes that are the charge (current) carriers in pMOS transistors have lower mobility than the electrons that are the charge carriers in nMOS transistors (a ratio of approximately 2.5), furthermore pMOS circuits do not interface easily with low voltage positive logic such as DTL-logic and TTL-logic (the 7400-series). However, pMOS transistors are relatively easy to make and were therefore developed first — ionic contamination of the gate oxide from etching chemicals and other sources can very easily prevent (the electron based) nMOS transistors from switching off, while the effect in (the electron-hole based) pMOS transistors is much less severe. Fabrication of nMOS transistors therefore has to be many times cleaner than bipolar processing in order to produce working devices.
Early work on nMOS was presented in a brief IBM paper at ISSCC in 1969. Hewlett Packard then started to develop nMOS IC technology to get the promising speed and easy interfacing for its calculator business. Tom Haswell at HP eventually solved many problems by using purer raw materials (especially aluminum for interconnects) and by adding a bias voltage to make the gate threshold large enough; this "back-gate bias" remained a "de facto" standard solution to (mainly) sodium contaminants in the gates until the development of ion implantation (see below). Already by 1970, HP was making good enough nMOS ICs and had characterized it enough so that Dave Maitland was able to write an article about nMOS in the December, 1970 issue of Electronics magazine. However, nMOS remained uncommon in the rest of the semiconductor industry until 1973.
The production-ready nMOS process enabled HP to develop the industry’s first 4-kbit IC ROM. Motorola eventually served as a second source for these products and so became one of the first commercial semiconductor vendors to master the nMOS process, thanks to Hewlett Packard. A while later, the startup company Intel announced a 1-kbit pMOS DRAM, called "1102", developed as a custom product for Honeywell (an attempt to replace magnetic core memory in their mainframe computers). HP’s calculator engineers, who wanted a similar but more robust product for the 9800 series calculators, contributed IC fabrication experience from their 4-kbit ROM project to help improve Intel DRAM’s reliability, operating-voltage, and temperature range. These efforts contributed to the heavily enhanced "Intel 1103" 1-kbit pMOS DRAM, which was the world’s first commercially available DRAM IC. It was formally introduced in October 1970, and became Intel’s first really successful product.
Depletion-mode transistors.
Early MOS logic had one transistor type, which is enhancement mode so that it can act as a logic switch. Since suitable resistors were hard to make, the logic gates used saturated loads; that is, to make the one type of transistor act as a load resistor, the transistor had to be turned always on by tying its gate to the power supply (the more negative rail for PMOS logic, or the more positive rail for NMOS logic). Since the current in a device connected that way goes as the square of the voltage across the load, it provides poor pullup speed relative to its power consumption when pulled down. A resistor (with the current simply proportional to the voltage) would be better, and a current source (with the current fixed, independent of voltage) better yet. A depletion-mode device with gate tied to the opposite supply rail is a much better load than an enhancement-mode device, acting somewhere between a resistor and a current source.
The first depletion-load nMOS circuits were pioneered and made by the DRAM manufacturer Mostek, which made depletion-mode transistors available for the design of the original Zilog Z80 in 1975–76. Mostek had the ion implantation equipment needed to create a doping profile more precise than possible with diffusion methods, so that the threshold voltage of the load transistors could be adjusted reliably. At Intel, depletion load was introduced by Faggin ("ex. Fairchild, later founder of Zilog") in 1974. Depletion-load was first employed for a redesign of one of Intel's most important products at the time, a +5V-only 1Kbit nMOS SRAM called the "2102" (using more than 6000 transistors). The result of this redesign was the significantly faster "2102A", where the highest performing versions of the chip had access times of less than 100ns, taking MOS memories close to the speed of bipolar RAMs for the first time. 
Depletion-load nMOS processes were also used by several other manufacturers to produce many incarnations of popular 8-bit, 16-bit, and 32-bit CPUs. Similarly to early pMOS and nMOS CPU designs using enhancement mode MOSFETs as loads, depletion-load nMOS designs typically employed various types of dynamic logic (rather than just static gates) or pass transistors used as dynamic clocked latches. These techniques can enhance the area-economy considerably although the effect on the speed is complex. Processors built with depletion-load nMOS circuitry include the 6800 (in later versions), the 6502, Signetics 2650, 8085, 6809, 8086, Z8000, NS32016, and many others (whether or not the HMOS processors below are included, as special cases). 
A large number of support and peripheral ICs were also implemented using (often static) depletion-load based circuitry. However,there were never any standardized logic families in nMOS, such as the bipolar 7400 series and the CMOS 4000 series, although designs with several second source manufacturers often achieved something of a de facto standard component status. One example of this is the nMOS 8255 PIO design, originally intended as an 8085 peripheral chip, that has been used in x86 and Z80 embedded systems and many other contexts for several decades; similar to the 7400 series, modern low power versions are available as CMOS or BiCMOS implementations.
The HMOS processes.
In the early to mid-1980s, CMOS was still quite slow and used mostly for the 4000 series, Static RAMs, and low-power ASICs (such as watch and calculator ICs). Advanced processes for depletion-load nMOS, such as Intel's family of scaled HMOS ("High density, short channel MOS") processes were therefore used for most microprocessors, certain types of memories, and many support and peripheral ICs. The first nMOS process called HMOS (late 1976) was originally used for Intel's then central static RAM products. Although primarily intended for fast SRAM, it was soon employed also for faster and/or less power hungry versions of the 8085, 8086, and other chips. HMOS was also licensed to other manufacturers, such as Motorola, which used it to manufacture the Motorola 68000 series, for instance. According to Intel, HMOS-II (1979) provided twice the density and four times the speed/power product over other typical contemporary depletion-load nMOS processes. HMOS, HMOS II, HMOS III, and HMOS IV were together used for many different kinds of processors; the 8085, 8048, 8051, 8086, 80186, 80286, and many others, but also for several generations of the same basic design, see datasheets.
Further development.
In the mid-1980s, faster CMOS variants, using similar HMOS process technology, such as Intel's CHMOS I, II, III, IV, etc. started to supplant n-channel HMOS for applications such as the Intel 80386 and certain microcontrollers. A few years later, in the late 1980s, BiCMOS was introduced for high-performance microprocessors as well as for high speed analog circuits. Today, most digital circuits, including the ubiquitous 7400 series, are manufactured using various CMOS processes with a range of different topologies employed. This means that, in order to enhance speed and save die area (transistors and wiring), high speed CMOS designs often employ other elements than just the complementary "static" gates and the transmission gates of typical slow low-power CMOS circuits (the "only" CMOS type during the 1960s and 1970s). These methods use significant amounts of dynamic circuitry in order to construct the larger building blocks on the chip, such as latches, decoders, multiplexers, and so on, and evolved from the various dynamic methodologies developed for pMOS and nMOS circuits during the 1970s.
Compared to CMOS.
Compared to static CMOS, all variants of nMOS (and pMOS) are relatively power hungry. This is because they rely on load-transistors working as resistors in steady state, where the quiescent current determines the maximum possible load at the output as well as the speed of the gate (i.e. with other factors constant). This contrasts to the power consumption characteristics of "static" CMOS circuits, which is due only to the transient power draw when the output state is changed and the p- and n-transistors thereby briefly conduct at the same time. However, this is a simplified view, and a more complete picture has to also include the fact that even purely static CMOS circuits have significant leakage in modern tiny geometries, as well as the fact that modern CMOS chips often contain dynamic and/or domino logic with a certain amount of "pseudo nMOS" circuitry.
Evolution from preceding NMOS types.
Depletion-load processes differ from their predecessors in the way the "Vdd" voltage source, representing "1", connects to each gate. In both technologies, each gate contains one NMOS transistor which is permanently turned on and connected to Vdd. When the transistors connecting to "0" turn off, this pull-up transistor determines the output to be "1" by default. In standard NMOS, the pull-up is the same kind of transistor as is used for logic switches. As the output voltage approaches a value less than "Vdd", it gradually switches itself off. This slows the "0" to "1" transition, resulting in a slower circuit. Depletion-load processes replace this transistor with a depletion-mode NMOS at a constant gate bias, with the gate tied directly to the source. This alternative type of transistor acts as a current source until the output approaches "1", then acts as a resistor. The result is a faster "0" to "1" transition.
Static power consumption.
Depletion-load circuits consume less power than enhancement-load circuits at the same speed. In both cases the connection to "1" is always active, even when the connection to "0" is also active. This results in high static power consumption. The amount of waste depends on the strength, or physical size, of the pull-up. Both (enhancement-mode) saturated-load and depletion-mode pull-up transistors use greatest power when the output is stable at "0", so this loss is considerable. Because the strength of a depletion-mode transistor falls off less on the approach to "1", they may reach "1" faster despite starting slower, i.e. conducting less current at the beginning of the transition and at steady state.

</doc>
<doc id="2855454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855454" title="Frederick Smyth (New Hampshire)">
Frederick Smyth (New Hampshire)

Frederick Smyth (March 9, 1819 – April 22, 1899) was an American banker, railroad executive, and politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. Born in 1819 in Candia, New Hampshire, he became City Clerk of Manchester at the age of 30. A Republican, he served four terms as mayor of Manchester from 1852 to 1854 and again in 1864, and was twice elected Governor of New Hampshire.
Early life.
Smyth was the third of five children born to Stephen and Dolly Rowe Smyth of Candia.
Around 1838, he and Thomas Wheat began running a country store in Candia under the name of Wheat and Smyth. The store was owned by Wheat's father. They soon left to attend Phillips Andover Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. Financial difficulties forced them to leave Phillips Academy after one term.
Smyth moved to Manchester, New Hampshire, where he found a job working for George Porter in Porter's general store and mercantile business. After three years, Smyth was made a partner in the business.
On December 11, 1844, Smyth married Emily Lane of Candia, daughter of John Lane and Nabby Emerson. Emily Lane Smith died on January 14, 1885. Smyth's second wife was Marion Hamilton Cossar of Manchester, daughter of James Cossar and Jessie Finlay. They were married on February 22, 1886 at Carmichael, Lanarkshire, Scotland.
He continued to be a merchant until 1849, when he sold his share of the business following his election to the post of Manchester city clerk, at the age of 30.
He was reelected to that post in 1850 and 1851. In 1852, he was elected to his first term as mayor of Manchester. He was reelected in 1853 and 1854.
Many of the decisions he made as mayor remain today, including many "firsts", such as overseeing the construction of the city's first highways, the first water and sewer systems, the first sidewalks, and streetlights. He is credited with the idea to plant trees along city streets to provide shade and maintain the natural beauty of the city.
In 1857 and 1858, he was a member of the New Hampshire General Court, representing Manchester's Ward 3.
He was active in the New Hampshire Agriculture Society, serving as treasurer for 10 years. He was a director in the American Agriculture Society and a vice-president of the American Pomological Society. He served as one of the commissioners on the part of the General Government of New Hampshire at the International Exhibition of 1862, in London.
When Abraham Lincoln visited the state in 1860, Smyth introduced him to a crowd as the "next president of the United States".
As governor.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of New Hampshire in 1860, but was elected in 1865, and again in 1866.
Smyth's terms as governor were consumed by efforts to straighten out the state's wartime finances, which were in substantial disarray because of Civil War expenditures. He borrowed $1.2 million to fund the state's war debt, and settled all state claims against the federal government on terms favorable to the state. He is credited with putting New Hampshire's credit on a sound financial footing, and "mustered out" soldiers remaining in wartime military units.
He oversaw a revision of state statutes, and was a strong supporter of passage of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution (passed 1868), which guarantees due process and equal protection to all United States citizens. He also undertook to restore fish to certain state rivers, and he began publication of state papers.
Founding of the University of New Hampshire.
On July 7, 1866, during his second term as governor, Smyth signed a bill providing for the incorporation of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts. Smyth had advocated legislation to create the school in his inaugural address. The bill provided that the college be established as part of Dartmouth College and that it should be governed by a nine-member board of trustees.
The agricultural college was originally located in Hanover, New Hampshire. In 1893, it moved to Durham and became the University of New Hampshire in 1923.
On July 19, 1866 the trustees appointed Smyth a trustee of the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts. He continued to serve as a trustee until October 7, 1897. At the first meeting of the board, on September 28, 1866, he was elected treasurer. He held the post until August 20, 1895 when he relinquished the post due to ill health.
On April 10, 1895, Smyth was elected president of the board. However, business commitments and declining health prevented him from ever presiding as president, even though he held the post until his term as a trustee expired in 1897.
The Smyth Prize.
In addition to his service as a trustee, Smyth established and provided funds for the Smyth Prize for Writing, Reading and Elocution for students of the agricultural college. The Smyth Prizes were awarded from 1881 until 1904. After Smyth's death in 1899, the prize money came from provisions in his will and then was funded by his wife, Marion C. Smyth. Prizes ranged from $25 to $10. The essay and elocution competitions were open to the senior and middle class while the reading competition was only open to first-year students.
Civic involvement.
Smyth served as one of the board of managers of the National Homes for Disabled Soldiers. He was a delegate-at-large to the 1872 Republican national convention, and President Hayes appointed him honorary commissioner to the 1878 International Exposition at Paris. Smyth was a principal stockholder and president of the Concord and Montreal Railroad. He was a trustee of the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, and served as president of the New Hampshire Orphans' Home at Franklin.
He died in Manchester on April 22, 1899, at the age of 80. He is buried there at Valley Cemetery, where his family has one of the cemetery's 13 mausoleums.
Some sources [http://www.izaak.unh.edu/archives/chron/smyth.htm] say he died at his winter home in Hamilton, Bermuda.
Smyth's name was honored when, in 1949, Smyth's wife Marion C. Smyth founded the Smyth Trust. The trust provides scholarships to music students in the greater Manchester area.

</doc>
<doc id="2855460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855460" title="Elephant crushing">
Elephant crushing

Elephant crushing, or a training crush is a supposed method by which wild elephants can be tamed for domestication, using restriction in a cage, sometimes with the use of corporal punishment or negative reinforcement. This practice is condemned by a variety of animal welfare groups.
The training crush.
As reported in the UN Report "Gone Astray", in India, Myanmar and Thailand the 'kraal' or ‘training crush’ method involves an elephant being placed in a strong, large stall or cage and tied with ropes to keep the elephant from moving, including being unable to kick, raise or swing its head. This method is supposed to crush the elephants spirit. Proponents argue that this allows the elephant to properly and safely learn the basic command “Still!” or “Quiet!”, and enable it to adapt to its new environment. 
National Geographic reports on the use of nails and sticks stabbed into the ears and feet of an elephant the subject of a crush in Thailand. Other reports cite the use of beatings with sticks, chains or bullhooks, sleep-deprivation, hunger, and thirst to "break" the elephant and make them submissive to their owners. It is not clear whether all training crushes involve the use of corporal punishment. 
Quoted in "Gone Astray", a 1967 report on a training crush notes, 'An elephant born in captivity is brought up amongst human beings and its training is humane from the day it begins; but a wild beast parted from the herd and its mother must suffer agonies before its will is broken.'
Alternatives.
Zoos, including those in countries such as the USA, used corporal punishment and negative reinforcement to train elephants until the mid-1970s. A new technique, called "protected contact" or "non-dominance" is used in modern zoos. The new training uses rewards, not punishment to encourage the behavior of the animal to the target behavior.
Another alternative is to use Trained elephants (called Kumkis in India) - to tame / train / chase wild elephants. This practice is widely used in countries such as India.

</doc>
<doc id="2855465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855465" title="European Tyre and Rim Technical Organisation">
European Tyre and Rim Technical Organisation

The European Tyre and Rim Technical Organisation (ETRTO) exists to specify and harmonise sizes of rims and their associated pneumatic tyres across the European Union. ETRTO sizes apply to rims for vehicles of all types, including bicycles. The great advantage of ETRTO sizing is that it is unambiguous; previously, nominal dimensions were used which were interpreted in different ways by different countries and manufacturers - a problem for the end user.
ETRTO works in liaison with the International Organization for Standardization to develop relevant standards.

</doc>
<doc id="2855473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855473" title="Imperial Majesty Cruise Line">
Imperial Majesty Cruise Line

Imperial Majesty Cruise Line was a budget cruise line that had operated 2 and 3 day voyages out of Port Everglades, Florida to Nassau, Bahamas. The company was founded in 1999. The cruise line attracted both vacationers and vintage ship fans from around the world. The cruise line's current operations ended on March 9, 2009, when the Regal Empress was retired. In that same week, its operations were replaced by another cruise line operating for the same company that Imperial Majesty was part of. 
History.
Imperial Majesty Cruise Line begun operations in 1999 by chartering the 1955-built SS "Ocean Breeze" from Premier Cruise Line and operating two-day cruises out of Port Everglades to Nassau, Bahamas. Imperial Majesty later purchased the ship and gave it a multi-million dollar refurbishment. The ship was kept in good condition throughout Imperial Majesty's ownership. In 2003, due to high costs, Imperial Majesty sold the "Oceanbreeze" for scrap and replaced it with another vintage ship, the 1953-built , after its previous owner folded. In the fall of 2008, several sources reported that the "Regal Empress" was due to be replaced by the 1981-built cruiseferry in 2009, but this information came to be false. Instead, the "Bahamas Celebration" is going to be operated by a new cruise line operating under the same company Imperial Majesty cruise lines operates under. On March 9, 2009, the took over "Regal Empress" cruise schedule. All crew and food stores were transferred to "Bahamas Celebration" prior to the ships departure. The Regal Empress was laid up in Freeport, Bahamas from March 16 until March 27. It was reported by Maritime Matters on March 26 that the Regal Empress was sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="2855480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855480" title="Stehekin River">
Stehekin River

The Stehekin River is a river located in Washington state in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. It is the main river flowing into Lake Chelan. Miners arrived in Stehekin River Valley in the late 19th century. They were followed by homesteaders in the early 20th century. Today, the Stehekin River Valley is still a remote area that can only be reached by way of a 55-mile boat ride up Lake Chelan.
The river's name comes from the Columbia-Moses word stxwíkn', which means "the way through."
Course.
The Stehekin River originates in the North Cascades near Cascade Pass in North Cascades National Park. It collects the waters of numerous headwater tributaries such as Pelton Creek, Doubtful Creek, and Basin Creek. Major peaks near the source of the Stehekin River include Boston Peak, Buckner Mountain, Booker Mountain, Sahale Mountain, Cascade Peak, Mix-up Peak, and Hurry-up Peak. 
The Stehekin River flows generally west and southwest from these mountains, south of Park Creek Ridge to its confluence with Park Creek. Shortly below Park Creek the river receives Bridge Creek, one of its main tributaries. Bridge Creek joins from the north and drains northernmost Chelan County in North Cascades National Park. Bridge Creek and its tributaries drain a number of significant peaks including Goode Mountain, Storm King, Mount Logan, Black Peak, and others. Bridge Creek's source is located near Rainy Pass and Washington Pass along Washington State Route 20. The Stehekin River continues generally southeast to the northwest end of Lake Chelan. Shortly above the lake it receives Agnes Creek, another significant tributary, from the west. Agnes Creek drains the northernmost part of Wenatchee National Forest. Its final mile marks the boundary between North Cascades National Park and Lake Chelan National Recreation Area. 
At the Agnes Creek confluence the Stehekin River exits the national park and enters the national recreation area. The Stehekin River enters Lake Chelan near Stehekin, a small community accessible only by boat. Roads from Stehekin follow the river up much of its valley. There are numerous campgrounds. The Pacific Crest Trail enters the Stehekin River basin from the south via Suiattle Pass, down South Fork Agnes Creek and Agnes Creek to the Stehekin River, then up the Stehekin to Bridge Creek and up Bridge Creek to Rainy Pass.
Settlement.
Because the region is so remote, the Stehekin River valley remained unsettled until the 1880s, when miners began infiltrating the region in search of mineral wealth. Between the years 1887–1910, a significant number of miners arrived looking for mineral deposits in the North Cascades. By 1890, there was a relatively large hotel Stehekin on Lake Chelan at the mouth of the Stehekin River. The hotel served tourists and fishermen as well as miners.
Over the centuries, the changing course of the Stehekin River deposited rich, alluvial sediments along the valley floor; however, it also left behind large boulders that made farming difficult. Nevertheless, early homesteaders began farming in the valley around 1910. The most desirable homesteads were located along the Stehekin River and its tributaries since these sites provided a reliable water supply for farming and natural transportation routes leading to Lake Chelan. The Buckner Homestead was one of the earliest farms along the Stehekin River. It is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Because of the harsh winters, few early settlers remained in the valley year around. In the fall most homesteaders would leave the area, choosing to spend the winter in less isolated communities like Chelan. In the spring, families would return the Stehekin Valley to work their farms. Many of the early homesteaders supplemented their incomes by guiding miners into the backcountry and packing goods to remote mining claims. In 1902, the valley's first school was opened in a cabin located at the head of the Lake Chelan. It was later replaced by structure known as the Kronk cabin. Today, the cabin is the oldest school building in the Stehekin Valley. As new families arrived, the need for a real schoolhouse became clear. In 1921, valley residents select a site for a new school. The school was a log structure, built by local volunteers. The Stehekin School still exists, and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
As mining declined, subsistence farming, logging, and tourism sustained the residents of the Stehekin Valley. Apples were an important crop in the first half of the 20th century. In the winter, hunting and trapping a part of life for year around residents. Perhaps most important to the valley's economy was the arrival of the United States Forest Service. With the establishment of the Stehekin Ranger District in 1905, reliable seasonal work became available to valley residents.
Today, the Stehekin Valley is still quite isolated. There are fewer than one hundred year-around residents, most employed by the National Park Service. The only way into the valley is a 55-mile boat ride from Chelan. Two boats provided daily service between Chelan and Stehekin during the summer. In the winter, boat service is limited to two trips a week.
Recreation.
During the summer tourism is important since the area in now part of the Lake Chelan National Recreation Area. The Stehekin River is scenic and remote, offering whitewater rafting and kayaking opportunities. There are may camp sites available along the river. The Stehekin River is known as for its excellent fly-fishing. Rainbow and cutthroat trout fishing is best in the spring, and fishermen come for sockeye salmon in the fall.

</doc>
<doc id="2855481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855481" title="First Quarter Storm">
First Quarter Storm

The First Quarter Storm was a period of leftist unrest in the Philippines, composed of a series of heavy demonstrations, protests, and marches against the government from January to March 1970, or the first quarter of 1970. It was one of the factors leading to the declaration of Martial Law in 1972.
History.
The Storm began in January 1970, when students welcomed Marcos with demonstrations after his speech in the Congress. The movement was led by the student leaders of the University of the Philippines, echoing recent student demonstrations all around the world before 1970. But then, the moderate demonstration turned into a radical one, led by the Kabataang Makabayan founder Jose Maria Sison as well as the leader of the New People's Army Bernabe "Kuya Dante" Buscayno. Laborers also took part, protesting against graft and corruption in the government, and the decline in the economy caused by high oil prices and the overkill electoral victory of Marcos for his second term. Some sources stated that the unrest was a plan to overthrow the government through communist as well as socialist support from the masses, as well as students and workers who facilitated the storm. Most of the activists carried Molotov cocktails and pillbox bombs to counter the police attacks at the Malacañan Palace.
The "storm" ended violently when the police used tear gas and arms to quell the demonstrators. Students tried to counter using their Molotov cocktails and pillbox bombs while retreating. Those who were slow were beaten with rifle butts and the fists of the police. The storm extended to the Divisoria district in Tondo, Manila. After the failed protest, some of the surviving radical students, mostly from the University of the Philippines, Lyceum of the Philippines, Polytechnic University of the Philippines, and the University of the East, became avowed Marxists, and took up arms, engaging in guerrilla and urban warfare.
The First Quarter Storm was one of the factors that led President Ferdinand Marcos to declare Martial Law two years later in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="2855483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855483" title="Eric Bloom">
Eric Bloom

Eric Bloom (born December 1, 1944) is an American singer, songwriter and musician. He is best known as the main vocalist, and "stun guitar" for the long-running band Blue Öyster Cult, with work on over 20 albums. Much of his lyrical content relates to his lifelong interest in science fiction.
Early life.
A native New Yorker, Bloom was born in Brooklyn, the youngest of three children, and grew up in Queens. His mother was a stay-at-home housewife, active in local charities and family life. His father ran a picture frame and print company in Manhattan, having risen through the company from salesman to President.
Bloom attended JHS 216 (George J. Ryan Junior High School), and then moved on to Woodmere Academy and Cheshire Academy in Connecticut. It was there that he purchased his first guitar, a $52 Harmony full-bodied electric.
After graduating from Cheshire Academy in 1962, he went to Spain for the summer, studying at Menendez Pelayo University in Santander, before starting college in the Fall.
Eric Bloom, known as "Manny" Bloom in college, attended Hobart College in Geneva, New York, studying modern languages. In 1964 he left college early to work for a family car-importing company, but he returned a year later, partially out of concerns that if he wasn't in college, he would be picked up in the Vietnam draft. 
In college, Bloom was involved with the casual forming of a couple short-term bands for playing at local venues. One of these was Rick and the Ravons (Bloom being Rick). He also organized music for various fraternity parties. For one of them, he hired a band that later asked him to join. They renamed it as Lost and Found, with whom he performed off and on for a few years. The band was composed of George Faust on guitar, John Trivers on bass, Peter Haviland on lead guitar, Jeff Hayes as drummer, and Bloom singing.
In 1963, Bloom was also exposed to the music of Wilmer and the Dukes, who made a profound impression on him. He attended over 100 of their performances, and he and his band Lost and Found opened for them when they came to play at Hobart. Other major influences were James Brown, and Ronnie James Dio.
In Bloom's senior year, he was encouraged by his friends to join their Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity. He also found himself volunteering to do sound engineering at local college events (such as a performance by Iron Butterfly), simply because he couldn't stand how bad the sound was. It was through his efforts, that the college finally updated to a better sound system, after he graduated in 1967 (receiving a BA in Modern Languages).
Bloom is a distant cousin of radio personality Howard Stern.
Career.
Summer of Love - 1967.
After college, Bloom toured with the band in upstate New York (he was the only one who had a van to transport equipment). The band had some membership changes and was renamed as Rock Garden. They made one attempt to record a single but could not land a contract, so they continued on with live performances and cover tunes, until the band broke up in July 1967.
Though Bloom had applied and been accepted for graduate school at San Diego State University, he decided instead to spend the Summer of Love of 1967 as a drifter, pan-handling or selling sketches for $1 in Provincetown (P-town), Cape Cod, until he got a job washing dishes. On Labor Day, his college friend Trivers invited him to perform in Clayton, New York the next night. Despite the short notice, Bloom packed up and left Provincetown for good. Lost and Found re-formed and played through the rest of the season.
Blue Öyster Cult: 1972-present.
In April 1969, when lead singer Braunstein dropped out of the group, Bloom became the band's vocalist. The band went through several name changes, but in 1971 settled on Blue Öyster Cult. Their first album was released by Columbia Records in 1972, and they were voted "Best New Band" by "Creem" magazine.
In 1976 their platinum album "Agents of Fortune" with its megahit "(Don't Fear) the Reaper" launched the band into international fame. Both "Creem" and "The Rolling Stone" voted "Don't Fear the Reaper" as a top single of the year.
Bloom has been one of the longtime members of the band throughout the decades, along with original member Buck Dharma (it is estimated that they have given over 4,000 live performances). He has co-written several of the band's more popular songs, with recent projects being "The Old Gods Return" and "Eye of the Hurricane", and often collaborates with writers both inside and outside the music industry.
BÖC are an album rock band rather than a singles band. The group's most popular singles are "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" (1976), and "Burnin' for You" (1981). These were sung by lead guitarist Buck Dharma.
Outside work.
Bloom is known for being an avid reader, especially science fiction and fantasy novels. He once sent a fan letter to English science-fiction author Michael Moorcock, and then collaborated with him on three songs. "Black Blade" was written from the point of view of Moorcock's Elric character, and the other two were "The Great Sun Jester" and "Veteran of the Psychic Wars," the latter of which was used in the original "Heavy Metal" movie. In 1987, Bloom and Moorcock performed the song live at the Dragon*Con convention in Atlanta, Georgia.
Bloom also collaborated with author Eric Van Lustbader on the song "Shadow Warrior", and in 1998 and 2001 with cyberpunk author John Shirley on the "Heaven Forbid" and "Curse of the Hidden Mirror" albums.
In 2006, Bloom began a partnership with artist Philippe Renaudin, to create and sell six elaborately painted custom-made guitars, each one of which interprets a different Blue Öyster Cult song, and each one of which will be played in new Blue Öyster Cult performances.

</doc>
<doc id="2855487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855487" title="Goliath (car)">
Goliath (car)

Goliath-Werke Borgward & Co. was a German car manufacturer started by Carl F. W. Borgward and Wilhelm Tecklenburg in 1928, and was part of the Borgward group. Goliath was based in Bremen and specialized in three-wheeler cars and trucks and medium-sized cars. Their vehicles were sold under the Goliath brand. 
Early history.
The first models were three-wheeler trucks derived from the "Blitzkarren" previously built by Borgward. The first passenger car was the "Goliath Pionier" in 1931, which still had three wheels and a one-cylinder engine. Until 1934, 4,000 of these small cars where produced in various types of body. The "Pionier" was considered as a forerunner of the Hansa models 400 and 500.
After World War II.
Personal car models.
These were front-wheel-drive two-door sedans, station wagons and coupes.
The end.
From 1958, the Goliath 1100 models were sold under the brand Hansa; the Borgward group wanted to forget the two-stroke engine and three-wheeler image.
Three years later, in 1961, the Borgward group collapsed.

</doc>
<doc id="2855488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855488" title="Remembering – Part 1">
Remembering – Part 1

Remembering – Part 1 is a compilation album by rock group Thin Lizzy, one of the first compilations of the band's early years with Eric Bell, released by their record company at that time, Decca Records, in an apparent attempt to cash in on the chart success Lizzy had recently begun enjoying with Vertigo. It includes "Sitamoia" and "Little Darling", both featuring Gary Moore during his first brief stint with the group, the first of which was previously unreleased. The time frame of the album stretches from 1971 to 1974.
The album was known simply as ""Remembering"" in Germany, where it was released as a 27-track double album.
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="2855494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855494" title="The Fleshtones">
The Fleshtones

The Fleshtones are an American garage rock band from Queens, New York formed in 1976.
History.
1976–79.
The Fleshtones were formed in 1976 in Whitestone, New York by Keith Streng (b. September 18, 1955, New York, New York) and Jan Marek Pakulski (b. August 23, 1956, Lewiston, Maine), two roommates who discovered that a previous tenant had left behind some instruments in the basement of the house they were renting. Streng, on guitar, and Pakulski, on bass, were soon joined by neighborhood friends Peter Zaremba (b. September 16, 1954, Queens, New York) on harmonica, keyboards, and vocals, and Lenny Calderon (b. 1958, New York) on drums.
The Fleshtones debuted at CBGB on May 19, 1976. Starting in 1978, the group was often joined onstage, as well as on record, by Action Combo, brothers Gordon (alto sax and harmonica) and Brian (tenor sax) Spaeth. Gordon Spaeth (b. September 21, 1951—d. March 8, 2005) became an official band member in 1983. 
In the late 1970s, The Fleshtones earned a local following and played often in Manhattan at CBGB and Max's Kansas City. Later, they found a favorite venue at Club 57 on St. Mark's Place. The Fleshtones were the first band to be booked or to play at several famous venues, including Irving Plaza and Danceteria in Manhattan, Maxwell's in Hoboken, New Jersey, and the original in Washington D.C.. 
The Fleshtones shared a rehearsal space with The Cramps on the Bowery in 1977. The following year, The Fleshtones signed with Marty Thau's Red Star Records (a roster that included Suicide and The Real Kids, among others artists), recorded their first album, and with filmmaker/artist M. Henry Jones produced "Soul City", a performance-animation video composed of hand-painted cutouts. The Fleshtones' first single "American Beat" was released in 1979 (re-recorded in 1984 as part of the soundtrack of the Tom Hanks' movie "Bachelor Party".)
1980–85.
In 1980, with the Red Star Records album unreleased (later issued on cassette on ROIR, and subsequently on CD and vinyl), the Fleshtones were signed by Miles Copeland III at I.R.S. Records (R.E.M., The Go-Go's) where they would work with producers Richard Mazda and Richard Gottehrer. The band replaced Calderon with drummer Bill Milhizer (b. September 21, 1948, Troy, New York), appeared in the British Punk/New Wave concert film "Urgh! A Music War", and released its first EP "Up-Front." Four albums on I.R.S. followed: "Roman Gods" (1982), "Hexbreaker!!" (1983), and the live "Speed Connection" and "Speed Connection II" (1985). In 1982, they appeared on Dick Clark's "American Bandstand" TV show.
Despite having a large cult following, the band never achieved commercial success: "Roman Gods" debuted at No. 174 on Billboard’s album chart, the highest position that a Fleshtones album has attained.
Zaremba was the host of "I.R.S. Records Presents The Cutting Edge" on MTV from 1984 to 1987. The I.R.S. Records-produced show featured up and coming underground artists. The program was short-lived (airing in a late night time slot didn't help accumulate a wide audience) but the format later revived as "120 Minutes". Zaremba's MC talents surfaced again in the late 1990s at New York City's "Cavestomp" Garage Rock festivals.
In the mid-1980s, The Fleshtones regularly played at the Pyramid Club on Avenue A in the East Village, and were instrumental in helping to start Wigstock, the drag queen festival that became a New York City staple.
1986–89.
In the late 1980s, The Fleshtones were without major-label support, though they continued to tour America and Europe steadily, including shows opening for Chuck Berry and James Brown. In 1987, The Fleshtones made an appearance on the final episode of Andy Warhol's "Andy Warhol's Fifteen Minutes," an MTV program, during which they backed up famed English stage actor Ian McKellen as he recited William Shakespeare's Twentieth Sonnet. 
The Fleshtones recorded the title track to the 1987 camp-horror film "I Was a Teenage Zombie" that same year. They released the albums "Fleshtones vs. Reality" (studio) in 1987 and "Soul Madrid" (live) in 1989. I.R.S. Records released a best-of compilation, "Living Legends", in 1989. 
In late 1986, Pakulski left the Fleshtones. He was replaced by Robert Burke Warren, who left the band in 1988. Fred Smith of Television and Andy Shernoff of The Dictators were interim bass players in the studio and on tour until 1990.
1990–2002.
Ken Fox (b. February 16, 1961, Toronto, Canada) joined the Fleshtones on bass in July of 1990. Fox had formed Raving Mojos in Toronto and also played with Joan Osborne and in Jason & the Scorchers. Since Fox joined, the Fleshtones lineup has remained stable.
In 1992 the Fleshtones signed with Ichiban Records, where they stayed until the label's demise, releasing the albums "Powerstance" (1992), "Beautiful Light" (1994), "Laboratory of Sound" (1995), and "More Than Skin Deep" (1998). 
The Fleshtones were one of the last bands to play at Windows on the World atop the World Trade Center; they played a show there five weeks before the 9/11 attacks, and in 2002 played at a Night of Remembrance and Hope festival at CBGB.
2003–present.
In December 2003 The Fleshtones played at a CBGB 30th Anniversary show along with The Dictators, and in August 2004 played Little Steven's Underground Garage Festival at Randalls Island in New York City with 39 other bands, including The New York Dolls, Iggy Pop, The Strokes, and Bo Diddley.
In the 1990s, 2000s, and 2010s, in addition to self-producing in Paul Johnson's Compactor basement studio in Brooklyn, New York, The Fleshtones worked with musician-producers Dave Faulkner, Peter Buck, Steve Albini, Rick Miller, Jim Diamond, Lenny Kaye, and Ivan Julian. 
In 2003, The Fleshtones signed with Yep Roc Records, which has released the albums "Do You Swing?" (2003), "Beachhead" (2005), "Take A Good Look" (2008), "Stocking Stuffer" (2008), "Brooklyn Sound Solution" (2011), and "Wheel Of Talent" (2014), as well as the EP "Quatro X Quatro" (2012).
Members.
Former members
Session/Touring
Horn players
Side projects.
Fleshtones side projects have included Peter Zaremba's Love Delegation, Streng's bands Full Time Men (which featured Peter Buck) and The Master Plan (with Milhizer, Paul Johnson, and Andy Shernoff), and The Split Squad (featuring Streng, Clem Burke, Eddie Munoz, Michael Giblin, and Josh Kantor).

</doc>
<doc id="2855500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855500" title="Traminette">
Traminette

Traminette is a cross of the French American hybrid Joannes Seyve 23.416 and the German "Vitis vinifera" cultivar Gewürztraminer made by Herb C. Barrett ca. 1965 at the University of Illinois, Urbana/Champaign. His intention was to produce a large clustered table grape with the flavor of Gewürztraminer. He sent the cross to the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station grape breeding program at Cornell for development when he departed from Illinois. Traminette was found to have excellent wine quality, combined with good productivity, partial resistance to several fungal diseases, and cold hardiness superior to its acclaimed parent, Gewürztraminer, while retaining a similar character. 
Traminette produces solid yields, ranging in studies from 12-22 lbs/vine average.
Traminette wine has been chosen by the Indiana Wine Grape Council as the signature wine of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="2855510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855510" title="Johan Elmander">
Johan Elmander

Johan Erik Calvin Elmander (; born 27 May 1981 in Alingsås) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Brøndby IF, and the Sweden national football team. He joined in 2014 a free transfer after his contract with Turkish club Galatasaray expired. Elmander has scored 20 goals in 72 games for the Swedish national team, and was chosen to represent his country at the 2006 World Cup, Euro 2008 and Euro 2012. His 2–0 goal away to Wolverhampton Wanderers on 13 November 2010 was voted the greatest Premier League goal ever in a poll by "The Guardian".
Club career.
Elmander started his career as a striker for Swedish clubs but changed to a centre midfielder Holmalunds IF and Örgryte, before making the move to Dutch club Feyenoord at the age of 18 where he continued to be used as a midfielder. Although never a first team regular, he came on as a substitute in the 2002 UEFA Cup final 3–2 win against German team Borussia Dortmund.
Elmander was subsequently put on loan back in Sweden with Djurgården, where he won the Double of both Allsvenskan championship and Swedish Cup title in 2002 and Allsvenskan in 2003, however he wasn't awarded any medal since he played too few matches. He also debuted for the Swedish national team, in a February 2002 friendly match against Greece. In 2003, he was loaned out to Feyenoord's Dutch league rivals NAC Breda.
Brøndby IF.
Before the 2004–05 season, he was bought by Danish Superliga outfit Brøndby. Despite not scoring as many goals for the club as was expected, he was the playmaker and creative spark of the Brøndby team in the 2004–05 Superliga season, playing mainly as the free roaming forward behind the sole striker in Laudrup's 4–3–3 formation. The team won the Double of both the Danish Superliga and the Danish Cup title, and Elmander was voted Brøndby's "Player of the Year".
In his two seasons at Brøndby, Elmander scored 22 goals in 58 Danish Superliga games, attracting the attention of several clubs throughout Europe. He was called up to represent Sweden at the 2006 FIFA World Cup, where he played two games. Elmander signed a four-year contract with French side Toulouse for an undisclosed fee of around €4,500,000 on 7 July 2006.
On the 24/6 2014 Johan Elmander returned to Brøndby IF moving to the club on a free transfer, signing a 2-year contract after his contract with Turkish Side, Galatasaray had expired.
Rumors had been going all year that Johan Elmander would return, and on the 24. of June he officially returned to Brøndby where he will be playing in number 11 after playing with number 19 when he first was in the Club.
Toulouse.
Elmander scored 11 goals in his first season with Toulouse and was nominated as player of the year by his fellow players. This award was subsequently won by Olympique Lyonnais player Florent Malouda. The season was very successful with Elmander guiding Toulouse to third place and a berth in the qualifying rounds of UEFA Champions League. The second season, much like that of his team, was much more irregular. And though he scored the same number of goals as he did the previous season, he was less decisive.
Bolton Wanderers.
On 27 June 2008, Elmander completed a move to Premier League club Bolton Wanderers, for an £8.2 million fee, the club's record signing, with the deal including Daniel Braaten going to Toulouse. He signed a three-year deal, before being given the number nine shirt by manager Gary Megson.
His first Premier League goal, a header, came on his competitive debut, against Stoke City on 16 August 2008 in a 3–1 win. Elmander played 30 games in 2008–09 season, scored 5 goals and 2 assists.
From December 2008 to September 2009, Elmander went on a nine-month goal drought, which ended during the League Cup fixture against West Ham United as he scored in extra-time. His first league goal in 11 months came in a 5–1 defeat to Aston Villa.
Elmander finally found his goalscoring form in the 2010–11 season, scoring six goals in the opening thirteen games, all of them away from the Reebok Stadium. His first home goals of the season came against Newcastle United, giving him a joint lead as top scorer in the Premier League. However, his goalscoring form dipped and he scored just three goals between December and a goal on 12 March against Birmingham City in an FA Cup Sixth round tie. This brought his goal tally for all competitions to eleven for the season.
Bolton manager Owen Coyle said in an interview on 20 May that he expected Elmander to join Galatasaray. and Elmander confirmed later in the month that he would be leaving the club.
In total, Elmander made ninety two appearances in the Premier League, scoring eighteen goals, eleven appearances in the FA Cup, scoring three goals, and five appearances in the League Cup, scoring once.
Galatasaray.
On 27 May 2011, Elmander arrived in Turkey on his birthday, and on 30 May 2011, Elmander joined Galatasaray in a three-year deal on a free transfer as his contract expired at Bolton Wanderers in the same month. Elmander debuted on the second week of the Süper Lig season, coming on in the sixty first minute and scored his first goal in a 3–1 home win over Samsunspor on 18 September. Due to his great performance, Galatasaray coach Fatih Terim changed the team's formation to a 4–4–2, allowing Elmander to play together with teammate Milan Baros simultaneously. On 26 February 2012, he scored the opening and the winning goal of the game against Beşiktaş in a 3–2 win and also scored goals in all derby matches including Fenerbahçe and Trabzonspor. He scored 12 goals in 36 league matches in a season which saw Galatasaray crowned league champions.
He started the 2012–13 season in a match against Kasımpaşa and scored his first goal of the season in a 3–3 draw with Beşiktaş the following week. In the league's fourth week, he scored the opener against Antalyaspor in a 4–0 away win for Galatasaray. and on 19 October 2012, he scored an amazing goal against Gençlerbirliği in a 3–3 away draw and maintained the lead of the Süper Lig. He left in August 2013 to join Premier League side Norwich on a season-long loan.
Norwich City.
Elmander returned to England, joining Norwich City on a season-long loan. Elmander made his debut for Norwich against Hull City. He scored his first two goals for the club against Bury in the League Cup on 27 August 2013. His first league start came against Southampton on 31 August 2013.
Personal life.
Elmander has two brothers Peter and Patrik who also play professional football in Sweden.
Elmander was married on 27 December 2007 to highschool sweetheart Amanda Calvin in a lavish ceremony in her home town of Hemsjö, Sweden. The couple had over 200 guests including fellow former teammates Kim Källström and Jon Jönsson. At their wedding, Swedish-idol Christoffer Hiding performed. In August 2008, the couple announced the birth of their first child. On 18 November 2010 it was announced Elmander's wife had given birth to a baby girl named Lily.

</doc>
<doc id="2855513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855513" title="Digby, Devon">
Digby, Devon

Digby was a small village on the eastern edge of the city of Exeter in Devon, England. Between 1886 and 1987 it was the location of Exeter Borough Asylum known as Digby Hospital. Today it is mainly an area of housing, out-of-town retail and light industrial developments on the outskirts of the city, served by Digby and Sowton railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="2855515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855515" title="Rory Fitzpatrick">
Rory Fitzpatrick

Rory Brian Fitzpatrick (born January 11, 1975) is a American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, St. Louis Blues, Nashville Predators, Buffalo Sabres, Vancouver Canucks and Philadelphia Flyers. He was known as a journeyman depth player at the NHL level. He currently serves as the head coach of the Buffalo Jr. Sabres 12 and under squad.
Playing career.
He spent his junior career in the OHL with the Sudbury Wolves, and was selected in the second round of the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, 47th overall, by the Montreal Canadiens.
After completing his junior eligibility, Fitzpatrick made his professional debut in the AHL, although he eventually joined the Canadiens and played 42 games. Just six games into the following season, however, Fitzpatrick was dealt to St. Louis in the blockbuster Pierre Turgeon trade, where he played a pair of games before being shipped down to the minors. After that demotion, Fitzpatrick would only play one more game in a Blues uniform, spending the bulk of his time in the minor leagues before finally being traded to the Nashville Predators.
Fitzpatrick's luck did not improve with the Predators, one of the NHL's newest expansion teams, and he was sent to Edmonton after only two games. In Edmonton, he spent time as a healthy scratch, but never actually saw NHL icetime. He was, however, a reliable offensive threat with the Hamilton Bulldogs.
Following the 2000–01 NHL season, Fitzpatrick became an unrestricted free agent. Signing with the Buffalo Sabres as a depth defenseman, Fitzpatrick spent the majority of 2001–02 with his hometown team, the Rochester Americans of the AHL, although he did play five games with the Sabres. This gave him an opportunity to be reunited with former junior teammate Jay McKee.
In 2002–03, Fitzpatrick again started the year in Rochester. However, he was recalled four times by Buffalo, and the last time, on February 12, he stayed with the team, and spent the entire 2003–04 with them. Sabres head coach Lindy Ruff played him in all situations- evenstrength, on the power play and short-handed. A knee injury prematurely ended Fitzpatrick's season.
In July 2004, Fitzpatrick filed for salary arbitration, but was able to reach a deal with the Sabres before the hearing. During the NHL lockout, he spent his time doing odd jobs before signing with Rochester for the final twenty games. He also played with the Original Stars Hockey League before its collapse, and worked at a hockey clinic.
After returning with the Sabres for 2005–06, Fitzpatrick then moved on to the Vancouver Canucks the following season and secured a role as a depth defenseman playing in 58 games and appearing in the post season. A free agent, Fitzpatrick then signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Flyers on October 9, 2007, and split the 2007–08 season between the Flyers and AHL affiliate, the Philadelphia Phantoms. 
In 2008, Rory's former AHL club, the Rochester Americans (also his hometown) requested that now sole parent club, the Florida Panthers, provide the Amerks with more veteran players to aide prospects, and put together a winning team. The Panthers responded by recruiting fan-favorite Fitzpatrick to a two-year deal, to have him lead the way for Rochester's defense.
2007 All-Star Game vote.
During the 2006–07 NHL season, while playing for the Vancouver Canucks, despite having zero points in 18 games, Fitzpatrick finished third in All-Star Game voting for defensemen in the Western Conference with 550,177 votes, falling 23,000 votes shy of second place Nicklas Lidström, winner of 4 Norris Trophies and 3 Stanley Cups.
The idea was to use the new NHL procedure, where people were encouraged to vote as often as they liked, to have an unlikely candidate chosen. Contributors to this goal sent the idea across the Internet in the hopes of having Fitzpatrick voted in as one of the two starting defensemen for the Western Conference. They also created several videos on YouTube as a way to spread news. A website, www.voteforrory.com, was created as well. Rory peaked in balloting at the number 2 position, before eventually being bumped from participation in the game to third place.
The plot was originally conceived as a humorous campaign designed to show the flaws in the NHL voting system. The logic was that if enough people voted for an unlikely player to start the game, the league would change its system. After some time, the plan metamorphosed for many into a more symbolic gesture. 
For his part, Fitzpatrick — who never actively supported the campaign beyond donning a T-shirt at the request of photographers — stated that he had gotten a kick out of the movement and acknowledged the hard work that his supporters had put into it. Fitzpatrick's teammates were also supportive, with several voicing their intention to vote, and wearing customized "Vote for Rory" T-shirts at a team practice.
The final voting results on January 13, 2007 saw Rory finish in third place behind Scott Niedermayer and Nicklas Lidstrom, meaning he did not start in the All-Star game. "Slate" found the final results suspicious due to unlikely numerical coincidences in the final week of voting, and believed that the NHL altered the vote counts.

</doc>
<doc id="2855520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855520" title="Cleveland Metroparks">
Cleveland Metroparks

Cleveland Metroparks is an extensive system of nature preserves in Greater Cleveland, Ohio. The various reservations, which largely encircle the city of Cleveland, tend to follow the rivers and creeks that flow through the region. Referred to unofficially as the 'Emerald Necklace', the network of parks spans over and includes hundreds of miles of walking, bicycle, and horse trails as well as numerous picnic areas, nature education centers, golf courses, and countless fishing spots. In addition, the district includes the zoo in Cleveland. Several of the reservations are adjacent to Cuyahoga Valley National Park.
While the majority of the reservations are in the suburbs of Cuyahoga County, Brookside Reservation is located within the city of Cleveland. Additionally, three of the reservations are either partially or entirely situated outside Cuyahoga County: a portion of North Chagrin Reservation is in Lake County; a small portion of Bradley Woods Reservation is in Lorain County; the Hinckley Reservation is in Hinckley Township in Medina County.
History.
The genesis of the Cleveland Metropolitan Park System began with a vision by William Albert Stinchcomb in the early 20th century. A self-taught engineer working as a surveyor for the City of Cleveland in 1895, Stinchcomb was appointed chief engineer of the City Parks Department by Mayor Tom Johnson in 1902, and shortly thereafter began to conceptualize an Emerald Necklace for the city. Stinchcomb lobbied the Ohio legislature to amend the state constitution so as to permit the authorization of natural resource conservation at the county level in 1913. However, the Ohio Supreme Court overturned Cuyahoga County's new park law unconstitutional. Unflappable in his pursuit, Stinchcomb then went back to Columbus lobbying for new legislation allowing for the establishment of what was to become the Metropolitan Park District, which is today the oldest metropolitan park district in Ohio.
In 1915, Stinchcomb received the break that would finally launch his ambitious goal. While serving as Cuyahoga County engineer, he was approached by city council and offered an appointment to be a consulting engineer on what was eventually to become the Cleveland Metropolitan Park District board—the same board he'd lobbied for two years prior. Stinchcomb accepted and, at the urging of city council, immediately hired the renowned landscape architectural firm, the Olmsted Brothers. The group immediately went to work drawing up plans for a system of connecting parks as well as the acquisition of land and resources. The proposed Cuyahoga County Park and Boulevard System, which included a parkway encircling the Cleveland area, following various creeks and rivers in the area, was the framework of what would become the Metroparks system today.
Stinchcomb returned to the Statehouse in 1917, this time as an officer of the newly formed Metropolitan Park District board, and proposed a bill that would authorize the Metropolitan Park District board to levy a .1 mill tax to fund the district's operations. This was followed shortly after by the authorization of a second .1 mill tax to fund of property acquisition By 1921, the fledgling Park District had acquired the land that would become the Rocky River and Big Creek reservations, most of which was donated. Between 1920 and 1930, the system grew through the investment of capital from its tax levies. Purchased at the cost of approximately $4 million, land for the Hinckley, Brecksville, Bedford, South Chagrin, North Chagrin and Euclid Creek reservations increased the district's holdings from just over 100 acres to more than 9,000 within the span of a decade.
The Metroparks today.
With free admission and virtually unlimited access during daylight hours, the Metroparks 21,000+ acres are a widely popular destination for hikers, cyclists, boaters and fishermen and nature enthusiasts. A major source of outdoor recreation in the region, official attendance figures recorded 16,855,908 recreational visitors to the system's 16 reservations and the zoo in 2010, making the system one of the most visited attractions in the state of Ohio. The eight Metroparks golf courses, one of the few amenities that do incur a fee, attract over 400,000 golfers annually. With varying amenities, terrains and geographical features, each park is unique. Some amenities, such as the toboggan chutes at Mill Stream Run reservation's Chalet, are found nowhere else in the entire State of Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="2855522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855522" title="Vanguard Airlines">
Vanguard Airlines

Vanguard Airlines was an airline based in Kansas City, Missouri. For a time, Vanguard also had significant operations at Chicago Midway International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, until late 2000. It ceased operations on July 29, 2002, after filing for bankruptcy. The airline flew leased Boeing 737s and MD-80 aircraft to several destinations from its main hub in Kansas City at the time of its demise. Vanguard Airlines started service in 1994.
History.
Early history.
Vanguard was originally started as a Low-cost, low-fare airline, the purpose of which was to undercut the costs of the major carriers and so be able to charge lower fares. Super-low regular advance fares of as little as $29 each way were the norm. Sale fares of as little as $10 were not uncommon. By the time Vanguard started, however, most major carriers had learned how to deal with such competition. They simply lowered prices in the markets where these smaller airlines flew, making it impossible for the Low-cost airlines to make money.
Reservations.
Reservations were outsourced to a call center in Lawrence, KS run by Dakotah Reservations, a division of Dakotah Direct (now owned by West Business Services). Reservation agents were mostly college students from the University of Kansas. Eventually the call center moved to Mission, KS.
Reinvention.
In 2000, the airline began a program to change itself from a Low-cost, low-fare airline to the more sustainable Low-cost carrier model. This type of airline had lower costs than the major carriers, but competed on more than just price. Service, on-time performance, leg room, frequent flier programs, and other factors are often used in this competitive model. No longer were the cut-rate advance-purchase fares well-below the major carriers. Only the full-coach fares, which fewer customers buy, were significantly lower.
The change program worked and the airline saw significant improvements in operational and financial performance. The summer of 2001 saw some of the best growth and performance the airline had ever achieved; but the September 11, 2001 attacks changed all that. In October, 2001, the airline cut 20% of its staff. Full-time hourly workers were cut to as little as 32 hours per week. The executive suite took a 25% pay-cut. The airline struggled to compete in a market that saw schedules cut by a third and planes flying half-full.
During this period, Vanguard also introduced a multi-color aircraft livery similar in concept to Braniff International Airways "Flying Colors" or Air Canada's "airline within an airline" concept, ZIP airlines. This paint scheme was adopted with the introduction of the McDonnell Douglas MD-80 Series aircraft and involved the stylistic painting of the new Vanguard livery, in varied hues upon different aircraft. As in the case of Braniff's ultimate "Ultra" or "wet-look", more restrained use of colors were favored by the design team, which conversely was to become Vanguard's final livery.
Post 9/11.
The assumption made and popularized by many economic analysts was that airlines like Vanguard were forced into bankruptcy due to the industry downturn following the September 11 attacks in 2001. This may be an incorrect assumption for Vanguard and other airlines despite popular opinion. Shortly after the attacks, Vanguard received approximately $2–3 million in federal aid, as did most other airlines.
If this money had never been distributed, there is a possibility that Vanguard might have gone bankrupt before the end of 2001. The cost of moving Vanguard from the Open Skies reservation system to SABRE during 2001 forced the airline to invest millions that the airline could little afford. Company meetings between CEO Scott Dickson and Marketing Director Greg Aretakis and other staff became more numerous and serious as the year passed. On at least three occasions, the conclusions made by the CEO and Marketing Director was that the transformation of Vanguard from an Open Skies to a SABRE system had to work, or it would be the end of the airline.
Daily revenue records showed marked increases in sales overall, but difficulties in adopting SABRE overshadowed the successful sales increases. The money that the government remitted to Vanguard after 9/11 offered the airline a new lease on life. It would not sustain the airline forever, but it allowed for a few months of replanning. Companion fare sales and internet ticket hot deals helped keep the airline above water for several months, and the hopes of more funding from the Air Transportation Stabilization Board kept a positive outlook among airline staff.
The following summer was bad for most airlines, but worse for Vanguard. While operational performance continued to improve to summer 2001 levels, the airline was still saddled with $80 million in debt. Nervous about increased bookings, credit card processors required greater and greater assurances that they would not lose money if the airline failed. In his book about the bankruptcy of the airline, Scott Dickson wrote how these processors required surety bonds of 125% of sales to continue processing credit cards. As each ticket was sold, the airline actually lost money. It was unsustainable and on July 29, 2002 the airline ceased operations.
After bankruptcy.
When operations ceased, National Airlines and Frontier Airlines immediately offered to take Vanguard passengers on a space-available basis. Controversy broke out with other airlines that had accepted Air Transportation Stabilization Board grants immediately following the September 11, 2001 attacks. One requirement of these grants was to accept passengers from airlines that ceased operations for a nominal fee. Some airlines refused and others charged higher fees than allowed under the law. Eventually, most passengers reached their destinations.
Not long after the bankruptcy, Robert H. Brooks, owner of Naturally Fresh, Hooters restaurants and PACE Aviation, offered to purchase the airline. His offer was rejected and the company was eventually liquidated. Its headquarters became the temporary offices of the Transportation Security Administration in Kansas City.
Fleet.
Final fleet.
At the time the airline was grounded in 2002, Vanguard had 15 aircraft in its fleet consisting of:
Previous fleet.
Vanguard's fleet consisted of the following aircraft:
References.
Dickson, Scott & Sumner, Tracy (2004). "Never Give Up: Seven Principles for Christian Leaders in Tough Times". Uhrichsville, Ohio: Barbour Publishing, Inc. ISBN 1-59310-144-9.

</doc>
<doc id="2855534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855534" title="Sail twist">
Sail twist

Sail twist is a phenomenon in sailing where the head of the sail is at a different angle of incidence from the foot of the sail in order to change the lift distribution with height. Twist is measured by comparing the angle of a straight line between the leading edge (luff) and trailing edge (leech) with that of the boom. Some twist is desirable, but too much can induce weather helm or ruin the slot between the mainsail and jib.
Three sail shape controls which control the leech tension, and therefore sail twist, are the mainsheet, the boom vang and the traveler. The mainsheet pulls the boom (and therefore the foot of the sail) primarily inwards at lower points of sail and downwards at higher points of sail. Manipulation of the traveler can counteract this because it always pulls the boom laterally. The vang on the other hand does the opposite, it always changes the height of the boom.
Computer cut sails can produce the amount of twist specified by the sailmaker, and in different conditions, different amounts of twist may be desirable. Less twist is generally desirable in light air conditions and slackening the luff tension will tighten the leech of the sail. This moves the center of effort on the sail toward the trailing edge and reduces twist thus making the sail more powerful but vulnerable to stalling.

</doc>
<doc id="2855539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855539" title="Tomoko Kawase">
Tomoko Kawase

Life and career.
1975–1994: Early life.
Tomoko Kawase was born on February 6, 1975, in Kyoto, Japan.
1995-present: The Brilliant Green.
In 1995, after bassist Shunsaku Okuda and guitarist Ryo Matsui heard her sing in an amateur talent contest, Kawase was asked to join The Brilliant Green as the lead vocalist. The first two releases from The Brilliant Green were non-album singles "Bye Bye Mr. Mug", and "Goodbye and Good Luck" which received moderate success. Their break came in 1998 when their third single, "There Will Be Love There" was chosen as the theme song for the popular Japanese Drama "Love Again", and as a result went straight to the top of the charts. After another number one hit with "Tsumetai Hana" they released their self-titled debut album which sold over one million copies in just two days. On the back of this success their first national tour, titled "There Will Be Live There," sold out across Japan in only three minutes.
On November 22, 2003 Kawase announced her marriage to band mate, bassist Shunsaku Okuda. Due to her marriage, her legal name changed to Tomoko Okuda. However, she is still credited as "Kawase Tomoko".
In 2013, Kawase started releasing music from all her personas in commemoration of the Brilliant Green's 15th anniversary.
2001-present: Solo career.
In 2001, Kawase launched her solo career under the character of Tommy february6 (named from a combination of her nickname and birth date) with "Everyday at the Bus Stop". Vastly different from the pop rock sound of The Brilliant Green, Tommy february6's persona and sound are inspired by and derived from British and American 1980's synthpop, including a cover of Strawberry Switchblade's "Since Yesterday". Kawase's original intention with "Tommy february6" was to create a character who was far from innocent, though cute in both sound and appearance; Tommy february6 was designed to be someone who was true to her feelings despite the cutesy nature of her outward character and did as she wanted (and as such, Tommy february6 is seen repeatedly in music videos drinking alcohol from flasks, bars, etc.) Kawase's second single under the name was Kiss One More Time, and third single under the name was "Bloomin'!" (a song that was also used in a commercial for cosmetic company, Shiseido). Finally, on her birthday, Kawase released her eponymous debut album: "Tommy february6".
In October 2002, Tommy february6 released a photo and journal book titled "Tommy february6 + Hawaii". It is presented in a mock travel guide format, including features such as restaurant reviews, sightseeing hotspots and cultural information. In keeping with the character's outwardly cute personality, crude outline sketches of animals and fairies litter the pages (as seen on the cover) alongside thought bubbles gracing many of the pictures, which have the distinct appearance of doodles. One after the release of Tommy february6, Kawase released her fourth single under the name, titled "Je t'aime je t'aime". At this point, the original concept started to disappoint her and Kawase began to feel that the character could no longer maintain its purity. On the day she released her fifth single "Love Is Forever", she also released her debut single as Tommy heavenly6 "Wait Till I Can Dream". Kawase would later explain that Tommy heavenly6 was born from a dream that Tommy february6 had, in which she embraces all the elements of her personality she had previously been repressing.
Then, in December 2003, girl group was also debuted based on Tommy february6, named Tommy☆angels. Shortly after came the second studio album under the Tommy february6 name, titled: "Tommy Airline". After "Tommy Airline" came the release of Tommy heavenly6's second single "Hey My Friend", and the release of Tommy february6's single "", used as the ending song for the . In August 2005 (nearly two years after her first single), Tommy heavenly6 finally released her third single, "Ready?", which was shortly followed by her own long awaited eponymous debut album. After the release of Tommy february6's "Lonely in Gorgeous", Kawase decided to focus on the Tommy heavenly6 persona.
In 2006 and 2007 Tommy heavenly6 released five new singles which led to her second album "Heavy Starry Heavenly". She finished this productive phase with the Heavy Starry Tour: four live performances as Tommy heavenly6 during March 2007. She incorporated most of her songs into this live format, which lasted for an hour and a half, complete with her now regular backing band, and even her band mates from The Brilliant Green made guest appearances for some songs. Kawase still kept the Tommy february6 persona through cameos on Tommy heavenly6's music videos, like "Lollipop Candy Bad Girl" and "I Love Xmas".
In 2008 Tommy february6 was featured on a compilation album "We Love Cyndi", covering "All Through the Night" by Cyndi Lauper. On February 25, 2009, Kawase released two best-of albums under both the Tommy aliases, Strawberry Cream Soda Pop Daydream (as February6) and Gothic Melting Ice Cream's Darkness Nightmare (as heavenly6). Both albums collected the Tommy singles and certain album tracks, as well as having a new track each.
In April 2009, Tommy heavenly6 released a new concept album, titled I Kill My Heart, which was composed mostly by Chiffon Brownie. Two of the promotional songs for her third album were accompanied by music videos that had two versions each: one as Tommy heavenly6 and one as Tommy february6. After the release of I Kill My Heart, both Tommy heavenly6 and Tommy february6's contracts with DefStar Records expired, and were not renewed.
In 2010 Tommy february6, Tommy heavenly6, and the brilliant green were all picked up by Warner Music Japan. Finally in December 2010, Kawase announced via her Twitter page the possibility for a third studio album under the Tommy february6 persona. Tommy february6's official website with Warner Music Japan is still stated as "coming soon". In August 2011, Tommy stated via Twitter she was working on demos for both Tommy heavenly6 and Tommy february6. In September 2011, a statement was posted on Tommy heavenly6's official site saying Tommy february6 would return February 6, 2012. Tommy february6 was featured in Tommy heavenly6's music video for I'm Your Devil (Halloween Remix).
On November 11, 2011 Tommy announced during an interview with J-Wave Circus Circus she is in the process of recording a double album featuring both Tommy february6 and Tommy heavenly66, set for release in 2012. Warner released a press release on December 1, 2011, stating the album's release date as February 29, 2012. The album's title was later revealed to be "february & heavenly". The album debuted at #7 on the Oricon albums chart.
In September 2012, Tommy announced she would be releasing a Halloween EP titled "Halloween Addiction". Which would feature both of her previous "Halloween singles" as well as a new one.
In December 2012, Tommy announced she would be releasing a special Valentine's Day single through Tommy february6 titled, "Be My Valentine".
In April 2013, Tommy announced a new English single, "Runaway", and a new album, "Tommy Candy Shop", for release in June 2013.
Other activities.
In October 2002, Tommy february6 released a photo and journal book titled "Tommy february6 + Hawaii". It is presented in a mock travel guide format, including features such as restaurant reviews, sightseeing hotspots and cultural information. In keeping with the character's outwardly cute personality, crude outline sketches of animals and fairies litter the pages (as seen on the cover) alongside thought bubbles gracing many of the pictures, which have the distinct appearance of doodles.
Kawase has also made an appearance as the voice of Pikki in the anime series Piroppo, briefly modelled for Italian fashion house Fiorucci and for a period of time hosted Break Down, an MTV show. She also worked as a producer on the Takashi Fujii single, entitled Oh My Juliet.
In October 2005, an exclusive Tommy February6 Blythe doll was released.
In 2012, she produced Japanese model duo, Amoyamo's pre-debut EP, "Amoyamo", as well as their debut single, "Let's Go Out!".

</doc>
<doc id="2855541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855541" title="Hellspawn (comic book)">
Hellspawn (comic book)

Hellspawn is an American comic book series published by Image Comics. Inspired by "Spawn", it is however darker and more atmospheric than the former, and frequently deals with disturbing subject matter. It originally featured writer Brian Michael Bendis and artist Ashley Wood.
The first issue of "Hellspawn" was published in August 2000. Steve Niles occasionally supplemented the writing and Ben Templesmith the same for the art. With issue 11 Niles and Templesmith took over as the comic's regular writer/artist team. The final issue was published in April 2003. 

</doc>
<doc id="2855547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855547" title="GWR 6000 Class 6023 King Edward II">
GWR 6000 Class 6023 King Edward II

Great Western Railway (GWR) 6000 Class 6023 "King Edward II" is a preserved steam locomotive.
Operational career.
The locomotive was built at GWR's Swindon Works, out-shopped in June 1930. For most of its working life it was allocated to Newton Abbott and Laira (Plymouth), working express passenger trains to and from Devon to London Paddington. Withdrawn from Cardiff in June 1962, it was sent to Swindon for breaking up. However, in light of the instalation of a new bridge west of Bristol towards South Wales, it was coupled to its twin, 6024 "King Edward I", and towed to the bridge for weight testing purposes. With both locomotives now closer to South Wales than Swindon, the decision was made to sell them to Woodham Brothers scrapyard in Barry Island.
Preservation.
Whilst "King Edward I" was saved in 1974, "King Edward II" remained at the scrapyard due to the rear driving wheels being badly damaged in a shunting accident. However as part of the 150th anniversary of GWR's formation in 1985, the hulk was acquired by Harvey's of Bristol, and was moved to a bay platform at Bristol Temple Meads railway station called the Fish Dock.
Restoration.
The Brunel Engineering Centre Trust, under a Manpower Services Commission scheme, completely dismantled 6023 and restoration began. Work continued until the autumn of 1988, when the MS scheme funding was withdrawn and the future of 6023 was cast into doubt. 
6023 was then bought by the Great Western Society and moved to Didcot in March 1990 for its restoration to continue. The restoration has included the casting of new rear driving wheels in 1994, followed by re-wheeling the chassis in 1995. The casting is notable since it is thought to be the first wheels to be created for a standard gauge locomotive in preservation. The damaged wheels were also acquired by the Great Western Society at Didcot and can today be seen on display there. 
On 12 April 2010, "King Edward II"'s boiler passed its steam test, and on 20 January 2011 it moved for the first time under its own power since 1962. It was due to re-enter service on 2 April 2011.
Initially, "King Edward II" has been painted in the early BR blue steam locomotive livery, rather than the later standard BR Brunswick Green livery currently carried by 6000 "King George V" and 6024 "King Edward I".
Return to service.
The locomotive re-entered passenger service on the Mid-Norfolk Railway on 4 June 2011, as part of a running-in programme leading to the engine's return to the main line. During the road journey to Dereham the locomotive lost its safety valve cover, with the Mid-Norfolk offering a cash reward for its safe return. The cover was restored to the locomotive by Sunday 5 June.
On return to Didcot, it was found that a number of copper firebox and boiler stays had broken, resulting in the need for a large amount of remedial work to the boiler. On 6 September 2012 the locomotive was moved to Loughborough on the Great Central Railway for firebox repairs, which were completed during early 2013. The locomotive then made a series of appearances on the Great Central Railway, for both testing and running-in purposes, but has since returned to Didcot where it is now being prepared to operate on the mainline.

</doc>
<doc id="2855549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855549" title="Hæåk">
Hæåk

Hæåk is a small place in the county of Vest-Agder, Norway. Originally it was not accessible by road, and only a few farmers lived there. However, in 1987 a steep road leading down to Hæåk was built, and it has since become a popular place for bicycling enthusiasts.
The main industry in the area of Hæåk is gravel production.

</doc>
<doc id="2855554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855554" title="Internet Movie Database">
Internet Movie Database

The Internet Movie Database (abbreviated IMDb) is an online database of information related to films, television programs, and video games, taking in actors, production crew, fictional characters, biographies, plot summaries, and trivia. Actors and crew can post their own résumé and upload photos of themselves for a yearly fee. U.S. users can also view over 6,000 movies and television shows from CBS, Sony, and various independent film makers.
Launched in 1990 by professional computer programmer Col Needham, the company was incorporated in the UK as Internet Movie Database Ltd in 1996, with revenue generated through advertising, licensing, and partnerships. In 1998, it became a subsidiary of Amazon.com, who were then able to use it as an advertising resource for selling DVDs and videotapes.
As of July 3, 2014, IMDb had 2,920,797 titles (includes episodes) and 5,980,592 personalities in its database, as well as 53 million registered users and is an Alexa Top 50 site.
The site enables any user to submit new material and request edits to existing entries. Although all data is checked before going live, the system has been open to abuse, and occasional errors are acknowledged. Users are also invited to rate any film on a scale of 1 to 10, and the totals are converted into a weighted mean-rating that is displayed beside each title, with online filters employed to deter ballot-stuffing. The site also features Message Boards, which stimulate regular debates among authenticated users.
History.
History before website.
IMDb originated with a Usenet posting by British film fan and professional computer programmer Col Needham entitled "Those Eyes", about actresses with beautiful eyes. Others with similar interests soon responded with additions or different lists of their own. Needham subsequently started a (male) "Actors List", while Dave Knight began a "Directors List", and Andy Krieg took over "THE LIST" from Hank Driskill, which would later be renamed the "Actress List". Both lists had been restricted to people who were alive and working, but soon retired people were added so Needham started what was then (but did not remain) a separate "Dead Actors/Actresses List". The goal of the participants now was to make the lists as inclusive as possible. By late 1990, the lists included almost 10,000 movies and television series correlated with actors and actresses appearing therein. On October 17, 1990, Needham developed and posted a collection of Unix shell scripts which could be used to search the four lists, and thus the database that would become the IMDb was born. At the time, it was known as the "rec.arts.movies movie database", but by 1993 had been moved out of the Usenet group as an independent website underwritten and controlled by Needham and personal followers. Other website users were invited to contribute data which they may have collected and verified, on a volunteer basis, which greatly increased the amount and types of data to be stored. Entire new sections were added. As the site grew hugely, full production crews, uncredited performers and other demographic data were added. Needham's group allowed some advertising to support ongoing operations of the site, including the hiring of full-time paid data managers. All the primary staff came (and still come) from the burgeoning computer industry and/or training schools and did not have extensive expertise in the visual media. In 1998, unable to secure sufficient funding from limited advertising, contributions and unable to raise support from the visual media industries or academia, Needham sold the IMDb to Amazon.com, on condition that its operation would remain in the hands of Needham and his small cadre of managers, who soon were able to move into full-time paid staff positions.
On the web.
The database had been expanded to include additional categories of filmmakers and other demographic material, as well as trivia, biographies, and plot summaries. The movie ratings had been properly integrated with the list data and a centralized email interface for querying the database had been created by Alan Jay. Later in the year it moved onto the World Wide Web (a network in its infancy at that time) under the name of "Cardiff Internet Movie Database". The database resided on the servers of the computer science department of Cardiff University in Wales. Rob Hartill was the original web interface author. In 1994 the email interface was revised to accept the submission of all information meaning that people no longer had to email the specific list maintainer with their updates. However, the structure remained that information received on a single film was divided among multiple section managers, the sections being defined and determined by categories of film personnel and the individual filmographies contained therein. Over the next few years, the database was run on a network of mirrors across the world with donated bandwidth.
The website is Perl-based. As of May 2011, the site has been filtered in China for more than one year, although many users address it through proxy server or by VPN.
On October 17, 2010, IMDb launched original video (www.imdb.com/20) in celebration of its 20th anniversary.
As an independent company.
In 1996 IMDb was incorporated in the United Kingdom, becoming the Internet Movie Database Ltd. Founder Col Needham became the primary owner as well as the figurehead. General revenue for site operations was generated through advertising, licensing and partnerships.
As Amazon.com subsidiary.
In 1998, Jeff Bezos, founder, owner and CEO of Amazon.com, struck a deal with Col Needham and other principal shareholders to buy IMDb outright and attach it to Amazon as a subsidiary, private company. This gave IMDb the ability to pay the shareholders salaries for their work, while Amazon.com would be able to use the IMDb as an advertising resource for selling DVDs and videotapes.
IMDb continued to expand its functionality. On January 15, 2002, it added a subscription service known as IMDbPro, aimed at entertainment professionals. IMDbPro was announced and launched at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival. It provides a variety of services including film production and box office details, as well as a company directory.
As an additional incentive for users, as of 2003, users identified as one of "the top 100 contributors" of hard data received complimentary free access to IMDbPro for the following calendar year; for 2006 this was increased to the top 150 contributors, and for 2010 to the top 250. In 2008 IMDb launched their first official foreign language version with the German IMDb.de. Also in 2008, IMDb acquired two other companies, Withoutabox and Box Office Mojo.
Television episodes.
On January 26, 2006, "Full Episode Support" came online, allowing the database to support separate cast and crew listings for each episode of every television series. This was described by Col Needham as "the largest change we've ever made to our data model", and increased the number of titles in the database from 485,000 to nearly 755,000.
Characters' filmography.
On October 2, 2007, the characters' filmography was added. Character entries are created from character listings in the main filmography database, and as such do not need any additional verification by IMDb staff. They have already been verified when they are added to the main filmography.
Instant viewing.
On September 15, 2008, a feature was added that enables instant viewing of over 6,000 movies and television shows from CBS, Sony and a number of independent film makers, with direct links from their profiles. Due to licensing restrictions, this feature is only available to viewers in the United States.
Content and format.
Data provided by subjects.
In 2006, IMDb introduced its "Résumé subscription service", where actors and crew can post their own résumé and upload photos of themselves for a yearly fee. The base annual charge for including a photo with an account was $39.95 until 2010, when it was increased to $54.95. IMDb résumé pages are kept on a sub-page of the regular entry about that person, with a regular entry automatically created for each résumé subscriber who does not already have one.
As of 2012, Resume Services is now included as part of an IMDbPro subscription, and is no longer offered as a separate subscription service.
Copyright, vandalism, and error issues.
All volunteers who contribute content to the database technically retain copyright on their contributions but the compilation of the content becomes the exclusive property of IMDb with the full right to copy, modify, and sublicense it and they are verified before posting. Credit is not given on specific title or filmography pages to the contributor(s) who have provided information. Conversely, a credited text entry, such as a plot summary, may be "corrected" for content, grammar, sentence structure, perceived omission or error, by other contributors without having to add their names as co-authors. Due to the process of having the submitted data or text reviewed by a section manager, IMDb is different from database projects like Wikipedia, Discogs, or OpenStreetMap in that contributors cannot add, delete, or modify the data or text on impulse, and the manipulation of data is controlled by IMDb technology and salaried staff. Nevertheless, although it is generally assumed to be reliable, IMDb has been subject to deliberate additions of false information, as acknowledged by a spokesperson in 2012: "We make it easy for users and professionals to update much of our content, which is why we have an 'edit page.' The data that is submitted goes through a series of consistency checks before it goes live. Given the sheer volume of the information, occasional mistakes are inevitable, and, when reported, they are promptly fixed. We always welcome corrections."
The Java Movie Database (JMDB) is reportedly creating an IMDb_Error.log file that lists all the errors found while processing the IMDb plain text files. A Wiki alternative to IMDb is Open Media Database [http://www.omdb.org] whose content is also contributed by users but licensed under CC-by and the GFDL. Since 2007, IMDb has been experimenting with wiki-programmed sections for complete film synopses, parental guides, and FAQs about titles as determined by (and answered by) individual contributors.
Data format and access.
IMDb does not provide an API for automated queries. However most of the data can be downloaded as compressed plain text files and the information can be extracted using the command-line interface tools provided. Beside that there is the Java-based graphical user interface (GUI) application available which is able to process the compressed plain text files and allow to search and display the information. This GUI application supports different languages but the movie related data is of course English as made available by IMDb. A Python package called IMDbPY can also be used to process the compressed plain text files into a number of different SQL databases, enabling easier access to the entire dataset for searching or data mining.
Film titles.
The IMDb has sites in English as well as versions translated completely or in part into other languages (Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese and Romanian). The non-English language sites display film titles in the specified language. While originally the IMDb's English-language sites displayed titles according to their original country-of-origin language, in 2010 the IMDb began allowing individual users in the UK and USA to choose primary title display by either the original-language titles, or the US or UK release title (normally, in English).
Ancillary features.
User ratings of films.
As one adjunct to data, the IMDb offers a rating scale that allows users to rate films on a scale of one to ten. The rating system is recognized as being severely flawed for several reasons.
IMDb indicates that submitted ratings are filtered and weighted in various ways in order to produce a weighted mean that is displayed for each film, series, and so on. It states that filters are used to avoid ballot stuffing; the method is not described in detail to avoid attempts to circumvent it. In fact, it sometimes produces an extreme difference between the weighted average and the arithmetic mean. For example, "" is considered to be the worst film with a weighted average of 2.1 as of 2014, but has a rather ordinary arithmetic mean of 3.9.
Film rankings (IMDb Top 250).
The IMDb Top 250 list is a listing of the top rated 250 films of all-time, based on ratings by the registered users of the website using the methods described. Currently, The Shawshank Redemption is #1 on the list. Only non-documentary theatrical releases running at least forty-five minutes with over 25,000 ratings are considered; all other products are ineligible. Also, the 'top 250' rating is based on only the ratings of "regular voters". The exact number of votes a registered user would have to make to be considered to be a user who votes regularly has been kept secret. IMDb has stated that to maintain the effectiveness of the top 250 list they ""deliberately do not disclose the criteria used for a person to be counted as a regular voter"". In addition to other weightings, the top 250 films are also based on a weighted rating formula referred to in actuarial science as a "credibility formula". This label arises because a statistic is taken to be more credible the greater the number of individual pieces of information; in this case from eligible users who submit ratings. IMDb uses the following formula to calculate the weighted rating:
where:
The formula_2 in this formula is equivalent to a Bayesian posterior mean (See Bayesian statistics).
The IMDb also has a Bottom 100 feature which is assembled through a similar process although only 1500 votes must be received to qualify for the list.
The top 250 list comprises a wide range of films, including major releases, cult films, independent films, critically acclaimed films, silent films and non-English language films.
Fan activity.
One of the most used features of the Internet Movie Database is the message boards that coincide with every title (excepting, as of 2013, TV episodes) and name entry, along with over 140 main boards. This section is one of the more recent features of IMDb, having its beginnings in 2001. In order to post on the message boards a user needs to "authenticate" their account via cell phone, credit card, or by having been a recent customer of the parent company Amazon.com. Message boards have expanded in recent years. The Soapbox started in 1999 is a general message board meant for debates on any subject. The Politics board started in 2007 is a message board to discuss politics, news events and current affairs as well as history and economics. Both these message boards have become the most popular message boards in IMDb, more popular on a long term basis than any individual movie message board.
Litigation.
In 2011, in the case of "Hoang v. Amazon.com", IMDb was sued by an anonymous actress for more than due to IMDb revealing her age (40, at the time). The actress claimed that revealing her age could cause her to lose acting opportunities. Judge Marsha J. Pechman, a U.S. district judge in Seattle, dismissed the lawsuit, saying the actress had no grounds to proceed with an anonymous complaint. She re-filed and so revealed that the complainant is Huong Hoang of Texas, who uses the stage name Junie Hoang. In 2013, Pechman dismissed all causes of action except for a breach of contract claim against IMDb; a jury then sided with IMDb on that claim.
Also in 2011, in the case of United Video Properties Inc., et al. v. Amazon.Com Inc. et al., IMDb and Amazon were sued by Rovi Corporation and others for patent infringement over their various program listing offerings. The patent claims were ultimately construed in a way favorable to IMDb and Rovi/United Video Properties lost the case, though it is currently on appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="2855559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855559" title="Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness">
Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness

Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness is a protected wilderness area located within the Okanogan and Wenatchee National Forests in Washington State. The Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness was designated with the passage of the Washington Wilderness Act of 1984, on lands occupied by the old Chelan Division of the Washington Forest Reserve, now part of both the Okanogan and Wenatchee National Forests.
The Lake Chelan-Sawtooth Wilderness borders Lake Chelan National Recreation Area and North Cascades National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2855561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855561" title="Pasayten Wilderness">
Pasayten Wilderness

The Pasayten Wilderness is a 2145 km². protected area located within Okanogan National Forest and Mount Baker National Forest in Washington State, centered on the Three Forks () of the Pasayten River, a tributary of the Similkameen River. The northern boundary of the wilderness is the Canadian border. Across the border are Manning Provincial Park and Cathedral Provincial Park. The wilderness area is adjacent to the Ross Lake National Recreation Area to the west, and North Cascades National Park beyond that. The Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail has its northernmost section in this wilderness. The western part of the wilderness features dramatic views of the northern Washington Cascade Mountains while the eastern section is known for its grasslands and tundra.
The Pasayten is traditional hunting territory of the Nlaka'pamux peoples of the Fraser Canyon and Nicola Country along with adjoining parts of the Cascade Range, although there are no Nlaka'pamux populations on the Washington side of the border.

</doc>
<doc id="2855564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855564" title="TPX">
TPX

TPX may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2855570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855570" title="Mel Winkler">
Mel Winkler

Mel Winkler is an American film and TV actor. Though he mostly takes on minor live-action roles, he is probably best known as the voice of the guardian mask Aku Aku in the "Crash Bandicoot series", and Johnny Snowman in the TV series "Oswald".

</doc>
<doc id="2855574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855574" title="Jason White (musician)">
Jason White (musician)

Jason White (born November 11, 1973) is an American musician best known as the current lead guitarist for the American punk rock band Green Day. He was a touring member of Green Day since 1999 until 2012 and played lead guitar in the majority of their live shows. During late 2012 he became an official member of the band, with Green Day becoming a four member band. He is also the guitarist and vocalist for the Californian punk band Pinhead Gunpowder, and co-founder of Adeline Records alongside Billie Joe Armstrong.
Career.
Other musical acts (1992–present).
In the Summer of 1992, White filled in guitar duties at the last minute for Bay Area punk band Monsula, who were performing at Little Rock, AR club Vino's. After the performance, Jason toured as guitarist for the band and eventually relocated to the Bay Area after the breakup of Chino Horde in summer 1993. White joined The Big Cats in 1996, after the temporary departure of bassist Josh Bentley, and took over guitar duties in 2000 after the death of guitarist Shannon Yarbrough. The group is a side project of many musicians, playing live very rarely. Their newest record, "On Tomorrow", was released in 2007.
Because of Pinhead Gunpowder's infamy for sporadic get-togethers, White and Gunpowder bassist Bill Schneider began looking to form another band that would be a group the two could focus on. After recruiting Schneider's brother Greg Schneider to join and finally convincing Willie Samuels to play drums, The Influents were formed. White and Greg would become the focus of the band, splitting songwriting duties, as well as singing time. Bill Schneider left the band on good terms after the group's first album "Check Please" to focus on his drum shop and was soon replaced by Johnnie Wentz. The new line-up soon recorded a follow up, "Some of the Young", and went on tour. Due to personal and creative differences, as well as White's growing dedication to Green Day, The Influents dissolved in 2003. 
In 2006, Jason recorded a cover of The Replacements "Torture" for the Replacements Cover compilation, "". He's also featured in the May 2007 release, "Towncraft", a documentary covering twenty years of the punk music scene in Little Rock, AR, White's home. That same year, White played with Green Day in the video for the cover of "Working Class Hero."
Green Day and related work (1994–present).
As a friend of punk rock trio Green Day, he appeared in the "When I Come Around" video, where he is seen making out with a girl (his real-life girlfriend at the time). In 1994, White joined punk quartet Pinhead Gunpowder after the departure of singer/guitarist Mike Kirsch (with whom White had played the previous year in Sixteen Bullets). When Green Day/Pinhead Gunpowder frontman Billie Joe Armstrong founded Adeline Records in 1997, White helped him run it. He re-appeared with Armstrong for two Green Day shows in 1999, both of which raised money for the Bridge School Benefit. After making "Warning," Green Day asked him to assist them on their tour as a second guitarist. In 2003, allegedly under the name Balducci, White joined the members of Green Day for their side-project The Network. The band released one album, called "Money Money 2020".
With the release of "American Idiot", White was required again to play with the band during the supporting tour of the album. In February 2005, Jason got married. That year, he played with Green Day in their video, "Wake Me Up When September Ends" – the first time that any musician outside the trio appeared as a performer in a Green Day video. He also appears along the band in their 2005 live CD/DVD "Bullet in a Bible". In April 2007, White and his wife joined Armstrong and his family in their Spring Break working with Habitat For Humanity and writing a diary for fan site GreenDay.net.
In 2008, White joined Green Day's side project Foxboro Hot Tubs as lead guitarist along with Kevin Preston of Prima Donna on rhythm guitar. In 2009, he toured with Green Day in support for their latest record, "21st Century Breakdown". White made his fourth appearance on a Green Day video for "21 Guns" and his fifth in "Last of the American Girls"; prior to this, and not including his live appearances on "Jesus of Suburbia" and "East Jesus Nowhere", he had appeared in three videos: "When I Come Around", "Wake Me Up When September Ends" and "Working Class Hero".
On July 13, 2010, Max Recordings released White's debut 45 single - "Hungover" b/w "I'm A Mess". He appeared once again as Green Day's sideman for their 2011 live album "Awesome As Fuck". White is credited with contributing "Guitar" in the press release of Green Day's ninth, tenth, and eleventh studio albums "¡Uno!", "¡Dos!", and "¡Tré!" In addition, he appears in photographs with the band. It was announced that White would feature on the cover of the soundtrack for a documentary on the making of the trilogy called "¡Cuatro!"
Personal life.
Jason has been known to be very private, and quiet, not doing very many interviews.
Family.
On February 1, 2013, Jason's wife Janna White gave birth to their first child, Sonny.
Tattoo.
Jason has a tattoo of a small flower on his right hand, about level with his wrist and got the tattoo after marrying his wife Janna (formerly Rollins).

</doc>
<doc id="2855575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2855575" title="Aussichtsturm Schlossberg">
Aussichtsturm Schlossberg

The Schlossbergturm or Castle Hill Tower is a 35 m high observation tower on Castle Hill Schlossberg on the edge of the historic Altstadt of Freiburg im Breisgau. It has 153 steps, its top is located 463 m above sea level and thus 185 m above the average altitude of the city (278 m). The tower which was built in 2002 stands out for its unusual design consisting of twisted tree trunks (Douglas-firs from the municipal forest of Freiburg) around a staircase made of steel. It has three platforms on the top is reached by a small spiral staircase.
The tower offers a panoramic view of Freiburg and its surroundings, whereas from other vantage points one can see only parts of the city.
It was funded in part by donations. For each donor a plaque with his or her name was attached to the vertical part of a step so that when climbing the tower one can read the names of the donors.
External links.
http://en.structurae.de/structures/data/index.cfm?ID=s0028463

</doc>
