<doc id="2866357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866357" title="Adelle Davis">
Adelle Davis

Daisie Adelle Davis (25 February 1904 - 31 May 1974), popularly known as Adelle Davis, was an American author and nutritionist who became well known as an advocate for specific nutritional stances such as unprocessed food and vitamin supplementation. She gained prominence in the 1960s and 1970s with widespread media attention and became the most recognized nutritionist in the country. Despite her popularity, she was heavily criticized by her peers for many recommendations she made that were not supported by the scientific literature, some of which were considered dangerous.
Background.
Adelle Davis was born to Charles and Harriette Davis in Lizton, Indiana, USA, on February 25, 1904. She studied Home Economics at Purdue University from 1923 to 1925 and received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Household Studies from the University of California at Berkeley in 1927. After receiving dietetic training at Bellevue and Fordham Hospitals in New York, she supervised nutrition for Yonkers Public Schools as well as consulted as a nutritionist for New York obstetricians.
From 1931 through 1958, Davis was a private consulting nutritionist in Oakland and Los Angeles, California. She received her Master of Science degree in Biochemistry from the University of Southern California. In October 1943, Davis married George Edward Leisey, and adopted his two children, George and Barbara, though she never had children of her own. She divorced George Leisey in 1953 and married a retired accountant and lawyer named Frank Sieglinger in 1960.
Davis gained notoriety initially speaking on the lecture circuit on college campuses as well as in Latin America and Europe, and eventually became sought after for guest appearances on television talk show programming.
In 1973 Adelle Davis was diagnosed with multiple myeloma and later died of the same disease in 1974 in her home at the age of seventy.
Health and nutrition work.
Davis wrote a series of four books, starting with a cookbook in 1947, that ultimately sold over 10 million copies in total. Although her ideas were considered somewhat eccentric in the 1940s and 1950s, the change in culture with the 1960s brought her ideas, especially her anti-food processing and food industry charges, into the mainstream in a time when anti-authority sentiment was growing. She also contributed to, as well as benefited from, the rise of a nutritional and health food movement that began in the 1950s, which focused on subjects such as pesticide residues and food additives, a movement her critics would come to term food faddism. During the 1960s and 1970s, her popularity continued to grow, as she was featured in multiple media reports, variously described as an "oracle" by the "New York Times", "high priestess" by "Life" and was compared to Ralph Nader, the popular consumer activist, by the Associated Press. Her celebrity was demonstrated by her repeated guest appearances on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", as she became the most popular and influential nutritionist in the country.
A significant part of her appeal came from her credentials, including her university training, and her apparent application of scientific studies and principles to her writing, with one book totaling over 2100 footnotes and citations. Some of her nutritional ideas such as the need for exercise, the dangers of vitamin deficiencies as well as the need to avoid hydrogenated fat, saturated fat and excess sugar consumption remain relevant to even modern nutritionists. U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy commended her views in 1998 as well, in remarks meant to support a law protecting free speech on food safety from the threat of lawsuits.
Scientific criticism.
Despite her celebrity, Davis received significant and strong criticism from fellow nutritionists, with one review commenting that her works were "at best a half truth." While lauded for her ability to open the public to the concept of science in nutrition, she was nevertheless heavily criticized for misusing the science in her nutritional works to come to "ridiculous conclusions," especially in light of her scientific training. Amongst the many views not supported by nutritionists include her view that not only physical health but mental and social ills could be cured with the proper diet, stating alcoholism, crime, suicide and divorce were the product of mere poor diet. Although she was very popular with the public in general in the 1970s, none of her books were recommended by any significant nutritional professional society of the time. Independent review of the superficially impressive large number of citations to the scientific literature in her books found that the citations often either misquoted the scientific literature or were contradicted by or unsupported by the proposed citation, and that errors in the book averaged at least one per page. One review noted that only 30 of 170 citations in a sample taken from one chapter accurately supported the assertions in her book. Additionally, the 1969 White House Conference on Food, Nutrition, and Health labelled her probably the single most harmful source of false nutritional information.
Most concerning to physicians and nutritionists who reviewed her work was not only the scientific inaccuracies, but the dangerous, and "potentially lethal," recommendations that appeared in her books. Examples of these concerning recommendations include the recommendation to give potassium supplements to patients with nephrosis and the recommendation for large doses of vitamin A and vitamin D. This recommendation for vitamin A supplement was followed by a mother of a young girl who subsequently developed permanently stunted growth. A lawsuit filed for the child was ultimately settled out of court with the estate of Davis for the sum of $150,000. A separate case report in 1971 with a child given vitamin A supplements and becoming significantly ill ended with a better outcome when those dietary supplements were stopped and the child recovered. In 1978, the parents of a child with colic followed the advice of Davis, which was based on a misrepresentation of study about hospitalized children with a different condition (gastroenteritis). These parents gave the child potassium supplementation for this condition and the child subsequently died. A lawsuit by the parents against Davis' estate, the book's publisher, and the supplement manufacturers ended with an out-of-court settlement of $160,000.
Publications.
Books on nutrition:
Other publications:

</doc>
<doc id="2866364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866364" title="Lisa Alther">
Lisa Alther

Lisa Alther (born July 23, 1944 in Kingsport, Tennessee) is an American author and novelist. Her first name is pronounced as if it were spelled Liza.
Biography.
She graduated from Wellesley College with a B.A. in English literature in 1966. After a brief time in the publishing industry, she moved to Hinesburg, Vermont to raise her daughter. According to Ms. Alther, she wrote two novels, a host of short stories, and received "hundreds of rejection slips" between age 16 and 30, before "Kinflicks" was accepted for publication.
Alther is the author of six novels, "Kinflicks", "Original Sins", "Other Women", "Bedrock", "Five Minutes In Heaven", "and Washed in the Blood," as well as a small number of published short stories and many magazine articles.
She has also written two non-fiction books, "Kinfolks: Falling Off the Family Tree—the Search for My Melungeon Ancestors" (2007; ISBN 1-55970-832-8) and "Blood Feud: The Hatfields and the McCoys: The Epic Story of Murder and Vengeance" (2012; ISBN 
978-0762779185).

</doc>
<doc id="2866367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866367" title="Gustaf Nordenskiöld">
Gustaf Nordenskiöld

Gustaf Nordenskiöld (29 June 1868 - June 6, 1895), Swedish scholar of Finnish-Swedish descent, a member of the Nordenskiöld family of scientists and the eldest son of polar explorer Baron Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld and his equally aristocratic wife, Anna Maria Mannerheim. He was the first to study scientifically the ancient Pueblo ruins in Mesa Verde.
Nordenskiöld was featured on the Ken Burns PBS series "The National Parks: America's Best Idea".
Early Life.
Nordenskiöld completed school at Beskowska skolan in Stockholm and studied at Uppsala University and the new University of Stockholm, graduating with a B.A. from Uppsala in 1889. The next year (1890) he traveled to Svalbard together with J. A. Björling and A. Klinckowström, bringing a collection of plant fossils back to the Swedish Museum of Natural History. After his return, he was diagnosed with tuberculosis and went to Berlin for treatment.
Nordenskiöld in America.
Nordenskiöld's North American segment of a world tour began when he landed in New York on 27 May 1891 aboard the SS Waesland of the Red Star Line. (Letters Letter No. 2, The Letters of Gustaf Nordenskiöld Mesa Verde 1991). In Letter No. 9 from Charleston, NC he tells his father to address letters to the Swedish Consulate in San Francisco and on 27 June 1891 he wrote to his mother from Denver, CO and included a request that further letters be addressed to the Swedish Consulate, Yokohama, Japan so the world tour was still on his mind. Three days later on 30 June 1891, also from Denver, he tells his father that tomorrow he was going to Durango, CO and the "Mancos Valley" where there are a "number of cliff dwellings".
This break in the intinerary of his world tour was permanent.
When Nordenskiöld arrived in Durango he made arrangements to stay with Cattle rancher Richard Wetherill at the Alamo Ranch in Mancos, CO. This is confirmed in a 2 July 1893 letter to his father in which he requests his photographic equipment, consisting of camera, tripod, lens, cassette for photographic plates, shutter, dark cloth, and "as well as my barometer". (Letters Letter No. 15, The Letters of Gustaf Nordenskiöld Mesa Verde 1991.) He also says in the same letter that his father should answer by telegram whether he should remain where he is.
He worked with Wetherill, discoverer of the Mesa Verde ruins in 1888, and Charles Mason. The Wetherill's led Nordenskiöld through the canyons and sandstone cliffs of the Mesa Verde ruins where he applied his European scientific training, conducting the first archaeological excavation of the cliff dwellings. Nordenskiöld employed Wetherill to supervise excavations at Mesa Verde and trained Wetherill in a number of techniques, such as how to use a trowel (he had been using a shovel). Nordenskiöld explained to Wetherill the importance of documentation.
Arrest and exoneration.
In the late 19th century, there were no laws against treasure-hunting or selling artifacts in Colorado; in addition to the ever-present threat of vandalism and looting, scholars and tourists alike had the habit of taking valuable items from Mesa Verde as trophies. In this climate, Nordenskiöld loaded Mesa Verde artifacts into Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad boxcars in Durango, Colorado, and headed for Europe, with most of the items eventually ending up at the National Museum of Finland.
Nordenskiöld biographers Judith Reynolds and David Reynolds describe the ensuing situation as an "international incident." Angry locals charged Nordenskiöld with "devastating the ruins" and had him arrested at midnight at the Strater Hotel even though there were no laws at the time supporting such a charge. In addition to the issue of removing artifacts, xenophobia may have played a role in Nordenskiöld's arrest. In the December 9, 2005, "Denver Post" article, Electra Draper wrote: "...residents of Durango were beginning to think foreigners shouldn't be removing local artifacts." No intervention was taken against Americans who were also looting the sites.
When Nordenskiöld was arrested on 17 September 1891 he sent this telegram to his father: "much trouble some expense no danger" (original omits capitalization). Letters Letter No. 31, The Letters of Gustaf Nordenskiöld Mesa Verde 1991.
In the end, Nordenskiöld took more than 150 photographs of Mesa Verde, and logged multiple sites.
In the preface to his 1892 book "From the American West Memories of America" Nordenskiöld states "The free roaming nomadic life, which this research forced me into, appealed greatly to my spirit and created a desire for excursions farther into the deserts of the American West. I decided to go roaming on horseback with two companions through the northern part of Arizona." He made this trip, actually through Indian country in Colorado, Utah and Arizona, which went as far as the Grand Canyon. Originally published in a Stockholm Newspaper and later as a book, "From the Far West Memories from America". (Kungl. Boktryckeriet P.A. Norstedt & Soner Stockholm, 1892. In English, The Mesa Verde Museum Association, Mesa Verde National Park, CO 81330)
In 1893 published one of the first books about Mesa Verde, "The Cliff Dwellers of Mesa Verde, Southwestern Colorado: Their Pottery and Implements", a monumental report of his excavations, describing in detail the buildings, pottery, skeletal remains, and tools found at the sites.
A full rendering of Gustaf Nordenskiöld's book in the 1893 version (see pg. v) is here http://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=inu.30000029476458. (Courtesy of the Hilthi Trust Digital Library, University of Michigan Library.)
After his return from America, Nordenskiöld occupied himself with mineralogical studies, but his health started to deteriorate again in 1894. He died on June 6, 1895, aboard a train traveling to Jämtland, only 27 years old. 
As he predeceased his father the Baron, he did not inherit the family title, which therefore passed to his brother Erland, on the death of their father, in 1901. 
Archives and collections.
Nordenskiöld's collections from Mesa Verde were bought by a Finnish collector who eventually donated them to the University of Helsinki. They are now held by the National Museum of Finland and were on display at the "Museum of Cultures" in the Tennispalatsi building in central Helsinki, as part of the collection called "Fetched from Afar" (Kaukaa Haettua) until 19 May 2013. The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences contains an archive of photographs, notes, correspondence and newspaper clippings. The Riksarkivet includes letters to his father from Washington, Philadelphia, Charleston, Mammoth Cave (in Kentucky), Durango, Navajo Canyon, and other locations.
The Center of Southwest Studies, Fort Lewis College, Durango, CO http://swcenter.fortlewis.edu/index.shtml
Further reading.
Publisher(s): American Geographical Society;
Author(s): W. R. Birdsall;
Source: Journal of the American Geographical Society of New York, Vol. 23, (1891), pp. 584–620
Publisher(s): American Geographical Society;
Reviewed Authors(s): G. Nordenskiold;
Source: The Journal of the Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland, Vol. 23, (1894), pp. 434–435

</doc>
<doc id="2866370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866370" title="Seven Spears of Shizugatake">
Seven Spears of Shizugatake

The were mounted bodyguards for Toyotomi Hideyoshi at the battle of Shizugatake in 1583. At the decisive moment in the battle, Hideyoshi ordered them to leave the position and charge at the opposing army of Katsuie Shibata. After Hideyoshi gained control of Japan, many of the members were promoted to Daimyō.
The Seven Spears of Shizugatake were the following Samurai:
Fukushima, Katō Kiyomasa and Katō Yoshiaki were given large benefices by Hideyoshi, 240,000 Koku in Owari Province, 195,000 Koku in Higo Province and 100,000 Koku in Iyo Province, respectively. Rest of the members remained as a small retainer of some thousands Koku. 
At the Battle of Sekigahara and Siege of Osaka, all betrayed Toyotomi Hideyori, the son of Hideyoshi, and took the part of Tokugawa Ieyasu. After the foundation of the Tokugawa shogunate, they or their successors were ousted from their territories, except Hirano. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866374" title="Death of Allen Ross">
Death of Allen Ross

Chicago filmmaker Allen Ross married Linda Greene and followed her cult, the Guthrie, Oklahoma-based Samaritan Foundation, as they moved from place to place following her instructions. Following Allen's murder, the group disbanded. Prosecutors believe that Linda Greene committed the murder. She died in 2002 of natural causes and was never charged. A cult member, Julia Williams, was found guilty of being an accessory after the fact to murder, by helping to bury the body in the basement. She was sentenced to two years in prison.
Ross' remains were found in July 2000 in his Cheyenne, Wyoming home.
Ross' disappearance is depicted in the 2001 documentary "Missing Allen" and in the MSNBC investigative report "Searching for Allen." Ross' story was featured in Season 1, Episode 2 of Investigation Discovery's "Deadly Devotion" in the episode "The Bad Samaritans" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="2866386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866386" title="RubyGems">
RubyGems

RubyGems is a package manager for the Ruby programming language that provides a standard format for distributing Ruby programs and libraries (in a self-contained format called a "gem"), a tool designed to easily manage the installation of gems, and a server for distributing them. It is analogous to EasyInstall for the Python programming language. RubyGems is now part of the standard library from Ruby version 1.9.
Gems.
Gems are packages similar to Ebuilds. They contain package information along with files to install.
Gems are usually built from ".gemspec" files, which are YAML files containing information on Gems. However, Ruby code may also build Gems directly. Such a practice is usually used with Rake.
codice_1 command.
The codice_1 command is used to build, upload, download, and install Gem packages.
codice_1 usage.
RubyGems is very similar to apt-get, portage, yum and npm in functionality.
Installation:
Uninstallation:
Listing installed gems:
Listing available gems, e.g.:
Create RDoc documentation for all gems:
Download but do not install a gem:
Search available gems, e.g.:
codice_1 package building.
The gem command may also be used to build and maintain .gemspec and .gem files.
Build .gem from a .gemspec file:
Complexities in Rubygems
carrierWave 
Upload files in your Ruby applications, map them to a range of ORMs, store them on different backends. It works well with Rack based web applications, such as Ruby on Rails.
RMagick 
RMagick is an interface between the Ruby programming language and the ImageMagick and GraphicsMagick image processing libraries.
Cancan 
CanCan is an authorization library for Ruby on Rails which restricts what resources a given user is allowed to access and is decoupled from user roles. All permissions are stored in a single location and not duplicated across controllers, views, and database queries.

</doc>
<doc id="2866392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866392" title="Walter Patrick Twinn">
Walter Patrick Twinn

Walter Patrick Twinn (March 29, 1934 – October 30, 1997) was a Canadian Chief of the Sawridge First Nation starting in 1966, and Senator from 1990 to 1997. He took control as chief just after oil was discovered on Sawridge reserve land; with the royalties from that he created a legacy for the Sawridge band by building first the Sawridge hotel and then other buildings. His funeral was held at St.Peters Celestin Roman Catholic Church on November 4. 
Born in Slave Lake, Alberta, he was appointed to the Senate in 1990 representing the senatorial division of Alberta and sitting as a Progressive Conservative. He served until his death in 1997.
He was married to Catherine and had nine children.
He died of a heart attack in 1997 after returning from a ceremonial sweat lodge.

</doc>
<doc id="2866401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866401" title="Cosmic Tradition">
Cosmic Tradition

The Cosmic Tradition is a series of six volumes, and also a cosmological doctrine, authored by Max and Alma Theon around the turn of the 20th century. The books, four volumes of which are available on-line in French, tell a creation myth and the early history of the world, in an elaborate mythological style reminiscent of the works of H.P. Blavatsky, Rudolf Steiner ("Cosmic Memory"), Edgar Cayce, and Ann Ree Colton. 
The account of creation at the start of the first volume also incorporates elements of Lurianic Kabbalah.

</doc>
<doc id="2866410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866410" title="Maryland Route 36">
Maryland Route 36

Maryland Route 36 (also known as MD 36 or Route 36) is a state highway located in Allegany County, Maryland, United States. MD 36's southern terminus is at the WV 46 bridge in Westernport and its northern terminus at U.S. Route 40 Alternate near Cumberland. Between Westernport and Frostburg, it is known as Georges Creek Road, and from Frostburg to Cumberland it is known as Mount Savage Road. Like the majority of Maryland state highways, MD 36 is maintained by the Maryland State Highway Administration (MDSHA).
MD 36 serves as the main road through the Georges Creek Valley, a region which is historically known for coal mining, and has been designated by MDSHA as part of the Coal Heritage Scenic Byway. MD 36 is the main road connecting the towns of Westernport, Lonaconing, and Midland in southwestern Allegany County, as well as Frostburg, Mount Savage, and Corriganville in northwestern Allegany County.
Route description.
MD 36 has two main sections: Georges Creek Road, which runs along the Georges Creek Valley, from Westernport to Frostburg in southwestern Allegany County, and Mount Savage Road, which runs eastward from Frostburg to Cumberland in northwestern Allegany County.
Georges Creek Road.
MD 36 begins at the West Virginia Route 46 (WV 46) bridge in Westernport and runs northeast across western Allegany County as a two-lane road named Georges Creek Road, named for Georges Creek, a Potomac River tributary which the road parallels. The speed limit for most of the length between Westernport and Lonaconing is . A short distance outside Westernport city limits, MD 36 intersects MD 937, an old alignment of MD 36. Near Barton, MD 36 intersects MD 935, which is the old alignment of MD 36 through Barton. MD 36 bypasses Barton, climbing the hillside above the Georges Creek Valley before descending back into the valley as it approaches Lonaconing. MD 935 returns to MD 36 south of Lonaconing, with its northern terminus at MD 36.
As the road enters Lonaconing, it narrows and the speed limit drops to , increasing to after it travels through Lonaconing. MD 36 passes through Lonaconing as Main Street, and it intersects MD 657 near the center of Lonaconing. Along Main Street in Lonaconing is the Lonaconing Iron Furnace, a historic blast furnace which operated in the early 19th century.
MD 36 then continues toward Midland. At Midland, there is a sharp curve in the road, and the speed limit drops to . Along this curve, MD 36 intersects Church Street, which connects to MD 936, the old alignment of MD 36 between Midland and Frostburg. The new alignment of MD 36 proceeds northeast, passing near Vale Summit, where it intersects MD 55.
North of the MD 55 intersection, MD 36 meets Interstate 68 at a diamond interchange at exit 34. Near this interchange is God's Ark of Safety, a church famous for its attempt to build a replica of Noah's Ark. Between Midland and Frostburg, the speed limit is again , and there is a short section near the Interstate 68 interchange where MD 36 expands to four lanes. Upon entering Frostburg, MD 36 joins U.S. Route 40 Alternate (Keyser's Ridge-Cumberland) as Main Street. MD 36 follows Main Street westward through Frostburg, meeting the northern terminus of MD 936 at Grant Street. At Depot Street, near the center of Frostburg, MD 36 connects to the western depot of the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad. At the intersection with Water Street, MD 36 leaves , and upon leaving Frostburg city limits its name changes to Mount Savage Road.
Mount Savage Road.
After leaving Frostburg, MD 36 is known as Mount Savage Road, as it travels eastward, perpendicular to its signed direction, toward Mount Savage. North of Eckhart Mines, MD 36 meets MD 638, which connects MD 36 to in Eckhart Mines. The road between Frostburg and Mount Savage is particularly curvy, and includes several hairpin turns near Frostburg. The speed limit on this section of the road is .
As the road enters Mount Savage, is passes by the Mount Savage Castle, a Scottish-style castle built in 1840, which currently operates as a bed-and-breakfast. In Mount Savage, the route narrows as it follows Main Street, and the road is frequently obstructed by parked cars, making it difficult for two cars to pass by each other. East of Mount Savage, the route widens and its speed limit gradually increases to .
In Barrelville, MD 36 intersects MD 47, which connects it with PA 160 in Somerset County. From its intersection with MD 47 to its terminus at Cumberland, MD 36 follows newer alignments, with the old alignments being designated MD 831. At Corriganville, MD 36 intersects MD 35, which connects it with PA 96 in Bedford County. MD 36 ends at U.S. Route 40 Alternate at the Narrows near Cumberland.
History.
MD 36 passes through the Georges Creek Valley, which has a long history of coal mining. In recognition of this, the MDSHA has designated MD 36 as part of the Coal Heritage Scenic Byway. Coal mining was a major industry in western Maryland in the 19th century, with railroads being the major route connecting the coal mines to markets outside the Georges Creek Valley. Deep mining, which was the primary mining method used in western Maryland, declined in use after World War II, replaced primarily by surface mining. Although Maryland coal production is now only a small fraction of total U.S. coal production, coal from the Georges Creek Valley is used to power the AES Warrior Run power plant in Cumberland.
MD 36 was assigned a route number before 1927, earlier than most of the other Maryland state highways. The original alignment of MD 36 in southern Allegany County closely paralleled the Georges Creek Railroad. Later realignments have shifted MD 36 away from the railroad in several locations, but three crossings remain: one north of Lonaconing, one south of Lonaconing near the MD 935 intersection, and a third crossing near Westernport.
Over the years, multiple new alignments of MD 36 have been built for various reasons, such as to smooth out curves in the road. Several of the old alignments have been assigned route numbers of their own. The southernmost of these is MD 937, which consists of the old alignment through Westernport. Prior to the construction of the bridge connecting MD 36 to WV 46, MD 937 was the alignment of MD 36 through Westernport, ending at MD 135. In Barton, MD 935 carries the old alignment of MD 36. The longest of the old alignment sections is MD 936, which runs from Midland to Frostburg, and was bypassed in the 1970s with a new alignment of MD 36 following part of MD 55 and connecting to . Prior to this change, MD 55 ended in Midland; it has since been truncated to its current terminus at Vale Summit.
North of Frostburg, several old alignments are designated as MD 831, though these segments of road are not signed. Among these segments of road are Kriegbaum Road (designated as MD 831C), and Old Mount Savage Road (designated as MD 831A). Kriegbaum Road splits from MD 36 west of Corriganville and runs through Corriganville, returning to MD 36 east of the town. Old Mount Savage Road intersects MD 36 west of the Cumberland Narrows, and runs southward to intersect near its current intersection with MD 36.

</doc>
<doc id="2866415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866415" title="Heron Station">
Heron Station

Heron Transitway Station is a bus-stop on Ottawa's transitway served by OC Transpo buses. It is located in the south-eastern transitway section at Heron Park on Heron Road.
Nearby government buildings including Canada Post and the Confederation O-Train Station are the main trip generators as well as a residential area just to its east.
Service.
The following routes serve Heron Station:<br>
4 8
40 41 43
87 97 98 
99
107
111
116
118
140
146
199
204
402
452

</doc>
<doc id="2866418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866418" title="Nick Lazzarini">
Nick Lazzarini

Nick Lazzarini (born March 6, 1984), an American dancer. He is best known as the first season winner on the Fox reality show "So You Think You Can Dance". He is a trained dancer in jazz, lyrical, hip hop, ballet and modern dance styles.
Early life.
Lazzarini was born to Italian American parents. Lazzarini grew up in Mountain View, California in the San Francisco Bay Area. He graduated from Springer Elementary in Mountain View, California and Blach Intermediate School in Los Altos, California. Lazzarini began attending Showbiz when he was 8 years old. In the early 2000s, he travelled every other weekend from San Francisco to Fresno to dance at Dance Rage. He was trained under Keith Banks. His performance at Showbiz in 2001 caught the attention of "Dance Spirit" magazine, and they featured him on the cover of their October 2001 issue.
At the time of his appearance on "So You Think You Can Dance," he was living in Van Nuys, California.
Early career.
Lazzarini has been dancing since age four and began teaching and doing choreography at age fourteen.
In 2003, Lazzarini, competing as part of a dance group called Hot Under The Collar, appeared on CBS's "Star Search" remake.
Prior to competing on the Fox reality show, Lazzarini spent two years at the Dance Company of San Francisco and also toured Europe with the RAW dance company, which was founded by choreographer Mia Michaels (one of the judges on "So You Think You Can Dance").
"So You Think You Can Dance".
Lazzarini was the first person auditioned for the show, before it even began. Nigel and Bonnie Lythgoe approached him to see if he would be a good match for a show they were then planning. For his win on the first season of the show, Lazzarini received a cash prize of $100,000 and the use of a penthouse apartment in Manhattan for one year. According to judge Nigel Lythgoe, Lazzarini chose to exchange the value of the apartment for a cash equivalent.
Post "SYTYCD".
Lazzarini became the first person ever to appear on the cover of "Dance Spirit" twice, with the January 2006 issue. Beginning in March 2006, Lazzarini became a founding member (of 15) of the Evolution Dance Company, which debuted at the OC Pavilion in Santa Ana, California, alongside "SYTYCD" alumni Melody Lacayanga and Craig DeRosa. Choreographers in the company include Liz Imperio and Mia Michaels.
Lazzarini is a faculty member of Jump Dance Convention (www.breakthefloor.com).
In November 2011, Oxygen Media announced that Nick, along with fellow dancers Travis Wall, Teddy Forance, and Kyle Robinson, is part of a series in development titled "All the Right Moves". This docu-series follows the four dancers as they work to start a new dance company in LA called Shaping Sound.
Personal life.
Lazzarini is best friends with Melody Lacayanga, and they have been since their teens. He is also best friends with dancer and choreographer Travis Wall, who he had known since he was 9-years-old. He is openly gay but is currently married to Elizabeth Lazzarini 

</doc>
<doc id="2866425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866425" title="HeadLand">
HeadLand

Headland (stylized as headLand) is an Australian drama television series produced by the Seven Network which ran from 15 November 2005 to 21 January 2006. The Seven Network filmed 52 episodes in the first series. Production on the second series had begun before any episodes were aired. 
Set in a university, "Headland" premiered in Australia on Tuesday, 15 November 2005 at 7.30pm. On 23 January 2006, the Seven Network officially announced that the series has been cancelled. The show aired on weekdays at 7.30pm in the United Kingdom on E4, re-formatted as half-hour episodes. E4 eventually dropped the show but episodes continued to be broadcast on Channel 4 at 12:30pm, this time in the original hour-long format.
Development and production.
In 2002, Seven Network's script executive Bevan Lee was asked to create a "Home and Away" spin-off with the hope of attracting the UK broadcaster Five as a co-producer. He created a show called "Away From Home" that told the story of "Home and Away" characters at the Yabbie Creek University. Five were not interested for various reasons, and a big reworking of the original concept was undertaken and the show was renamed "Campus", and later "Ten Degrees South" — a title eventually rejected due to a possible confusion with UK series "55 Degrees North". 
In early 2005, the show's title was finalised as "Headland" and filming began with the series earmarked for a July premiere. However, with the pilot reportedly failing initial audience test screenings, some major changes were made and the pilot was reshot. This and other minor production delays pushed the airdate to much later that year.
Filming locations.
The show's exterior scenes were filmed on location in Austinmer, New South Wales. A disused psychiatric hospital at the Sydney College of Arts, Rozelle and the University of Wollongong, doubled as the fictional South Coast University. Studio scenes are filmed at White Bay Studios in Sydney, making it the first Seven Network Sydney drama not to be filmed at the ATN-7 studios in Epping.
Australian broadcast.
"Headland" was originally scheduled to screen at 7:30pm on Tuesday and Thursday nights throughout the summer, continuing into 2006. However, after a strong debut, the show quickly suffered a large slump in the ratings. With "Home and Away" on summer hiatus, the show was shifted to the earlier 7pm slot and broadcast on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday in hope of building up more interest in the show during the non-ratings period. However, ratings failed to pick up and the show even suffered its lowest viewership during the period.
Because of this, on 1 December 2005, Seven announced to industry insiders that "Headland" would be removed from the schedule after Thursday, 22 December 2005. A day later they reversed their decision, but a little over a week later rumours started surfacing that "Headland" would be removed from prime time as early as Monday, 12 December 2005. This was confirmed to be just a rumour, as Seven announced "Headland" would remain in its current timeslot until 12 January 2006. Beginning 16 January 2006, "Headland" was removed from its Monday-Thursday 7.00 pm slot due to the return of "Home and Away" and the airing of the Australian Open Tennis Tournament. Further episodes of "Headland" were aired in a Saturday timeslot until the start of the 2006 ratings season.
The remaining episodes that have not been broadcast on the Seven Network are currently being aired on its digital channel 7Two at 11am weekdays. The series ended with Grace and Luc getting engaged, but many other storylines were left up in the air at the end.

</doc>
<doc id="2866433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866433" title="Muscle Tussle">
Muscle Tussle

Muscle Tussle is a Warner Brothers Merrie Melodies theatrical cartoon short released in 1953 and directed by Robert McKimson and featuring Daffy Duck.
Synopsis.
Daffy goes to the beach with his girlfriend Melissa (voiced by Gladys Holland, an actress heard in United Productions of America's adaptation of "Madeline", 1952), and wants to take her picture. While posing she sees a muscle-bound duck and turns her attention toward him. Daffy tries to win back his girl and takes some muscle tonic which he thinks has made him as strong as the muscle-bound duck. Daffy repeatedly falls short in his attempts to demonstrate his strength, but through a fluke manages to get rid of his rival in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="2866434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866434" title="Sergio Cragnotti">
Sergio Cragnotti

Sergio Cragnotti (; born January 9, 1940 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian entrepreneur and author.
One of the most high-profile and wealthy business figures in Italy in recent times, Cragnotti is best known for having been President of S.S. Lazio. However, his most influential position was as head of food conglomerate Cirio. This company included all Cirio food brands as well as those of the acquired "Del Monte Foods International" from the late 1990s. In 1992 Cragnotti bought football team S.S. Lazio from previous owner Calleri. In December 1993, the Ontario Securities Commission fined him for insider trading. The Cragnotti family owned 80% of the Cirio group which in turn owned a 51% stake in the Roman club. In 2002, the Cirio company declared default on its bonds. The default cost about 1.125 million euros to a plethora of small investors, most of them Italian.
Cragnotti presided over perhaps the most successful period in Lazio's recent history, plowing in record amounts of money which attracted such luminaries as Pavel Nedvěd, Christian Vieri and Marcelo Salas. His successes included winning both Serie A along with the final European Cup Winners' Cup, both under the guidance of close friend, Sven-Göran Eriksson.
In November 2006 he published his autobiography, titled "Un calcio al cuore", co-written with Fabrizio Pennacchia.
On March 2, 2011 the public prosecutor for the Cirio bankruptcy asks 15 years of prison for Sergio Cragnotti, 8 years for his sons Andrea Cragnotti e Elisabetta Cragnotti, 6 years for his wife Flora Pizzichemi Cragnotti and his son Massimo Cragnotti.

</doc>
<doc id="2866436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866436" title="Smallville (season 1)">
Smallville (season 1)

Season one of "Smallville", an American television series developed by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, began airing on October 16, 2001, on The WB television network. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to his developing superpowers in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The first season comprises 21 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 21, 2002. Regular cast members during season one include Tom Welling, Michael Rosenbaum, Kristin Kreuk, Annette O'Toole, John Schneider, Sam Jones III, Allison Mack, and Eric Johnson.
The season's stories focus on Martha and Jonathan Kent's (O'Toole and Schneider) attempts to help their adopted son Clark (Welling) cope with his alien origin and control his developing superhuman abilities. Clark must deal with the meteor-infected individuals that begin appearing in Smallville, his love for Lana Lang (Kreuk), and not being able to tell his two best friends, Pete Ross (Jones III) and Chloe Sullivan (Mack), about his abilities or his origins. Clark also befriends Lex Luthor (Rosenbaum) after saving Lex's life. The season also follows Lex, as he tries to assert his independence from his father, Lionel Luthor (John Glover).
The episodes were filmed primarily in Vancouver and post-production work took place in Los Angeles. Gough and Millar assisted the writing staff with week-to-week story development. "Villain of the week" storylines were predominant during the first season; physical effects, make-up effects, and computer generated imagery became important components as well. Limited filming schedules sometimes forced guest actors to perform physical stunts, and the series regulars were more than willing to do stunt work. Episode budgets ultimately became strictly regulated, as the show frequently ran over budget during the first half of the season. The pilot broke The WB's viewership record for a debut series, and was nominated for various awards. Although the villain of the week storylines became a concern for producers, critical reception was generally favorable, and the series was noted as having a promising start. The first season was released on DVD on September 23, 2003, and included various special features that focused on individual episodes and the series as a whole. It has also been released on home media in regions 2 and 4 in the international markets.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Writing.
Ground rules for story development were established at the outset. Part of the marketing pitch, "no flights, no tights" dictated that Clark would not wear the Superman costume, nor would he fly. After initial discussion of possible storylines, a second rule decreed that Clark could never directly kill anyone. This created a dilemma since Clark must be able to defeat the "bad guys" from week to week. A solution developed in later episodes with the introduction of the Belle Reve sanitarium (Belle Reve is a Federal prison for metahumans and other supervillains in the comics).
After setting the ground rules, Gough and Millar conceived ideas that facilitated week-to-week story development. For example, kryptonite's role was expanded to include enhancement of the sins of the antagonist: instead of creating physical monsters, exposure to kryptonite would amplify their personal demons. This was not treated as literally in the pilot and "Metamorphosis" as it was in later episodes. In "Cool", it was "the 'cool' kid literally cool, needing human body heat to stay alive". After several episodes, the writers developed a story that would help establish the show as more than a "villain of the week" series. The ninth episode ("Rogue"), which took longer than usual to develop due to its divergence from the standard formula, became their first "true crime story" and demonstrated that "Smallville" could include more than kryptonite-powered villains.
"What if" episodes were another Millar-Gough concept used to generate first season storylines. These episodes posed underlying questions about Clark. Episodes would evolve from basic questions, including: "what if someone had a crush on Lana, and acted on that obsession"; "what if someone found out Clark's secret"; "what if someone else had Clark's powers?" These three questions developed into the episodes "Metamorphosis", "Rogue", and "Leech", respectively. "Stray", episode 16, answered the question, "what if Clark had been adopted by the wrong parents and his powers were exploited?" "X-Ray" director Mark Verheiden and the rest of the crew realized divergent, unrelated storylines were not the best way to create episodes for "Smallville". Verheiden believes "X-Ray" was the first episode that managed to bring all the side-stories together so that they affected characters other than Clark and Lana.
"Hourglass" was one of the stories included in Millar and Gough's initial pitch to the network (at the time it was referred to as "Cassandra"). "Hourglass" was the first episode to present two, distinct stories: the vengeful serial killer and the second sighted Cassandra. Two significant storylines in the same episode forced the writers to spend more time developing the episode. Cassandra's "visceral vision" (as it was referred to in the script) of Lex's future was developed into color storyboards to better illustrate to the filmmakers the "blood rain" described in the text.
When the filmmakers were dissatisfied with the initial drafts of episodes, specifically with the evolution of characters, they would rewrite events, or add scenes to re-establish the original vision. The character of Earl Jenkins (Tony Todd), intended to be a sympathetic villain, came across as "completely unlikable" in the original draft of "Jitters". The character suffers from over-exposure to kryptonite, causing massive seizures; if Jenkins happened to grab someone, they could be shaken to death. Originally, the character is first seen banging on the door of LuthorCorp and killing a security guard during one of his seizures. To present a more favorable aspect to the audience, a scene in which Earl visits his infant child was added to show that he was not a "raving maniac". Similar rewrites occurred with the characters Ryan James (Ryan Kelley) in "Stray" and Tyler Randall (Reynaldo Rosales) in "Reaper". In the original draft of "Stray", Ryan developed his telepathic abilities from exposure to kryptonite.; to emphasize the show was not always about kryptonite-infected villains, the story was revised so that Ryan had his ability from birth. The network also expressed dissatisfaction with Ryan as a murderer, so the character was rewritten to be the "nice kid". The character of Tyler Randall shared Earl Jenkins's issue: he was not sympathetic enough in the filmmakers' eyes; intended to be an escaped prisoner, he was rewritten to be "the world's deadliest nice guy".
Filming.
Production was set up in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, because the creators were looking for a "Middle America landscape", and Vancouver was a good substitute for Kansas. David Nutter, the director of the pilot, was given 16 days for main unit filming, twice that of the normal timeframe. Despite the extended schedule, it was still a short amount of time, and he shot the pilot primarily from storyboards created by Adrien Van Viersen.
Millar developed most of the look for "Smallville" with the idea that Smallville should be the epitome of "Smalltown, USA". Millar's design required existing buildings to be painted, built, and remodeled. The Kent farm is the home of the Andalini family, and their barn was used for the pilot before a new barn was built. The new barn was one of the major additions to the sets of the episode "Metamorphosis". Production designer Doug Higgins and his crew built a fully functioning, three-story barn for the Kent farm on a converted soundstage in Burnaby. For the pilot, the crew built only a loft, with a set of stairs leading up to it, inside the existing barn on the Andalinis' property. To resemble the Andalinis' barn as closely as possible, Higgins had his crew locate 100-year-old wood to match the look of the Andalinis' barn. The episode "Hourglass" called for several scenes to take place at the White House. Instead of building their own set, the "Smallville" producers called John Wells, producer of the political drama television series "The West Wing", and obtained permission to use the "West Wing" set to film the vision of Lex's future.
When the "Smallville" crew was not filming on one of the constructed sets, or on a sound stage, they were shooting on location at the surrounding Vancouver sites. During the filming of "Metamorphosis", Vancouver was holding a farmers' market, which proved beneficial to the "Smallville" crew, as "Metamorphosis" called for a similar event to take place in the episode. The market was on the verge of ending, so the filmmakers shot what wide-angle scenes they could at the time, and filmed a close up conversation between Whitney and Clark at the Andalini's farm, weeks after the initial market shooting. Other filming locations include Vancouver's Pacific National Exhibition and Burnaby's Swangard Stadium. The Pacific National Exhibit provided a storage silo for a scene in "Hourglass", which involved Harry Bollston (Eric Christian Olsen) attacking Martha Kent (O'Toole) in the Kents' corn silo. "Hothead" director Greg Beeman, who had previously worked with Gough and Millar on "The Strip" and "Martial Law", used Swangard Stadium, as a substitution for Smallville High Stadium, for the opening football scene that took place at night.
When filming fell behind schedule, another director came in to assist the main unit director in finishing the episode. Greg Beeman assisted director Chris Long for the two "visceral visions of the future" that appeared in the episode "Hourglass". "Jitters" was an episode with so many changes that its initial scheduling as the second episode of the season was pushed back to the eighth spot. By the time filming for "Jitters" was completed, three directors had worked on the project: Greg Beeman, Phil Sgriccia, and Michael Watkins; however, Watkins was given sole directing credit for the episode.
Effects.
A big part of the "Smallville" series relies on the effects it delivers, whether digital, physical, or special make-up effects. The effects shots, part of the post-production work, are developed and added in Los Angeles. David Nutter hired Thomas Special Effects to create digital cornfields for the pilot episode. After attempting to grow ten thousand stalks of corn in a greenhouse, which only grew two feet tall, Nutter was forced to rely primarily on digital corn. Faux corn was also flown in from Arizona. CGI supervisor Bill Millar created digital butterflies for a scene in Lana's bedroom, and all the insects Greg Arkin (Chad Donella) collected in the episode "Metamorphosis". Greg's insects had to be created digitally, because a green hue was needed to illustrate the kryptonite radiation in the insects. After the opening credits, the first person view of someone, later revealed to be Clark, flying through Lana's open window and into her bedroom was created digitally. The effect was accomplished with stock footage, a sound stage and computer generated imagery. Stock footage shot from a helicopter, as it flew over several farms during the day, was used for the first person point of view. It was altered from day to night, and a CGI house was created in an empty field. Lana's bedroom as built on a soundstage, and CGI was used to create the illusion of someone traveling through her open window and stopping above her bed.
It was decided the effects of kryptonite poisoning on Clark, "Clark time", and the appearance of kryptonite when in the proximity of Clark would need to be illustrated in a way the audience could understand if they were not familiar with the character. Gough and Millar, after doing some research, learned the female audience was not aware of what was happening when Clark was exposed to kryptonite. Beginning with "Metamorphosis", whenever Clark was exposed to kryptonite, his veins would rise up and develop a green hue to illustrate the effect it was having. Close-up shots of Clark's hand were used for these scenes, and it was all created with digital animation. Gough and Millar developed the idea that kryptonite would only glow when it was around Clark, as it was meant to demonstrate the draining of his powers. "Clark time", the same idea behind bullet time, was created because previous incarnations had not explained the idea of what the world appears like to Clark when he is using his powers. The first instance of "Clark time" was used in the "Metamorphosis" scene where Greg Arkin attacks Clark and Jonathan in their barn. Jonathan is pushed over a banister and falls in the direction of some dangerous farm equipment. The effect involved slowing time down for everything except Clark, who would be moving at normal pace. When tackling Clark's emerging power of X-ray vision, Gough and Millar wanted to be able to see skeletons and bones, as opposed to previous incarnations that treated the ability like "see-through" vision. The recent advances in computer imagery helped them complete that task.
The digital effects costs for each episode could stretch the budget thin. In "Shimmer", Bill Millar, special effects supervisor, planned to create an artificial sunset for the closing scene involving Clark and Lana. The effects shot was supposed to last only a couple of seconds. James Marshall, the second unit director for the episode, decided to shoot the entire scene over the shoulders of Clark and Lana, looking at the sunset. The scene called for two greenscreen shots, but when Marshall was finished he had created seventeen greenscreen shots. The seventeen shots, which produced the artificial sunset, cost $50,000 to produce. By comparison, the entire effects budget costs between $65,000 and $100,000.
Over-spending of that nature became a regular occurrence on the "Smallville" set. The regularity of over-spending came to an end with "Kinetic", as the studio decided to be stricter. With the budget on a stiffer guideline, the filmmakers were forced to cut scenes from "Kinetic", an episode that was caught in the push for more budget-friendly scripts. One of the scenes that was cut involved one of the thieves phasing through a safe wall, and acting as a portal for the merchandise to be passed through. When digital effects were not an option, Mike Walls, the physical effects supervisor who began his "Smallville" career with "Leech", still tried to provide big effects. For instance, Walls used 75 cars for the final action scene of "Kinetic", which were cabled off to protect the actors. Stunt coordinator Lauro Chartrand attempts to make sure the actors are used as much as possible when performing fight scenes, unless the scenes are particularly dangerous. The fast shooting schedule forces Chartrand to rely on guest stars who can perform their own stunts, because of the limited time to find a "good double" for the actor.
Physical effects were not an issue for the series regulars. Allison Mack performed her own stunts for the scene in "Hothead" where her character's office is set on fire, and again in "Kinetic", when she was cabled off and dangled above the ground. For "Nicodemus", the stunt coordinator received twice the help. Kristin Kreuk was expected to go to the tenth rung of a water tower, in a scene which involved her character climbing to the top and falling off. As filming progressed, Kreuk climbed to the top, so the crew cabled her off and dropped her to the bottom. John Schneider's experience from "The Dukes of Hazzard" led to him performing the stunt driving for his character. The scene required Schneider to slide his truck around a corner, while yelling at some pedestrians on the sidewalk. The previous scene had established the driver side window as closed, so Schneider improvised and opened the driver's door as he slid 90° around a corner.
Reception.
The series' pilot broke The WB's record for highest-rated debut with 8.4 million viewers. After airing the first two episodes, which averaged 7.8 million viewers, the WB placed an order for a full season of 21 episodes. The first season averaged 5.9 million viewers weekly, placing #115 in the Nielsen ratings alongside "Futurama", "The Ellen Show", and "". The pilot and "Tempest" were selected in The Futon Critic's 50 best episodes of 2001 and 2002, respectively. The pilot placed 31st, while "Tempest" placed 15th.
The season received mostly favorable reviews. IGN's Jeremy Conrad, who was initially against the idea of "reimagining" the Superman mythology, gave the first season a 7/10 rating. After reviewing the entire season, Conrad stated the first season of "Smallville" was "a solid start to what will be a great Superman TV series". "Entertainment Weekly" Bruce Fretts believes the series might appear "corny" on the surface, but actually shows "subversively witty spin on the comic-book myths". Clint Morris, founder of Moviehole.net, stated the series was "still finding its feet in season one"; although, he commended the acting, citing specifically Michael Rosenbaum's "uncontrollably likeable Lex Luthor". "The Free-Lance Star"'s Rob Hedelt commended the casting as well, comparing Welling's portrayal of a teenage Clark Kent to that of Christopher Reeve's portrayal in the films. Hedelt considered John Schneider and Annette O'Toole to be ideal picks for Jonathan and Martha Kent, but felt Allison Mack and Sam Jones III, important characters, were the weakest part of the ensemble. Judge Byun, of DVD Verdict, felt having Clark Kent and Lex Luthor start their relationship as best friends was a "brilliant concept" that moved the show past a ""Dawson's Creek" with super powers" tone the premise of the show suggested. Byun believes the first season had "solid writing and excellent performances", but is weakened by the freak of the week storylines that plagued the early episodes of the season; the season works best when the episodes focus on character development and not super powers.
Other critics were less enthusiastic about the season. Peter Bowes of BBC News felt the season was simply a "soap opera" with "pretty young people". Bowes believes the season suffered from the "sentimental boy-girl storyline", but that die-hard Superman fans would still be taken in by this incarnation of the character's early years. A common criticism for the first season was the use of "villain of the week" storylines. By the time the first seven episodes aired, at least one journalist had had enough of the villain of the week format. "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette"'s Rob Owen stated the series works best with its "character interaction and a nice performance by John Schneider as Pa Kent", but that the show needs more than the "'monster of the week' stories seen so far". Jordan Levin, president of The WB's Entertainment division, recognized the concerns that the show had become a villain of the week series. Levin announced that season two would see more "smaller mini-arcs over three to four episodes, to get away from some of the formulaic storytelling structure" the series has fallen into.
Awards.
By 2003, the first season had been nominated for and won various awards. It won an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Sound Editing for a Series", and the pilot episode was nominated for "Outstanding Visual Effects for a Series". The pilot was recognized by other award organizations, receiving a Leo Award for "Best Visual Effects" in 2002. Peter Wunstorf was recognized for his work on the pilot with a nomination by the American Society of Cinematographers. Casting directors Deedee Bradley, Coreen Mayrs, and Barbara Miller were nominated for an Artios Award for their work on the pilot. Chris McGeary was nominated for Golden Reel's "Best Sound Editing in Television" award for his music editing on the pilot. The season one finale, "Tempest", was nominated for Golden Reel's "Best Sound Editing in Television Episodic" in 2003. In 2002, The American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers honored the band Remy Zero (which provided the opening theme song for "Smallville") and composer Mark Snow for their contributions to the show; the award recognized the composers of the theme or underscore of the highest rated television series during January 1 – December 31, 2001.
Several members of the regular cast were nominated for awards. In 2001, Rosenbaum, Kreuk, and Welling were nominated for Saturn Awards for Best Supporting Actor in a Television Series, Best Actress, and Best Actor, respectively. Rosenbaum and Kreuk received additional nominations for male and female Cinescape Genre Face of the Future awards, and the entire season was nominated for Best Network Television Series. Rosenbaum was the only one to win an award (Best Supporting Actor). Tom Welling won the Teen Choice Award for Choice Breakout TV Star—Male in 2002. "Smallville's" first season placed sixth on the Parents Television Council's list of the "best shows for families".
Home media release.
The complete first season of "Smallville" was released on September 23, 2003 in North America. Additional released in region 2 and region 4 took place on October 13, 2003 and December 3, 2003, respectively. The DVD box set included various special features, including episode commentary, an interactive tour of Smallville, and storyboards from select episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="2866444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866444" title="Ludwig (film)">
Ludwig (film)

Ludwig is a 1972 film directed by Italian director Luchino Visconti about the life and death of King Ludwig II of Bavaria. Helmut Berger stars as Ludwig, Romy Schneider reprises her role as Empress Elisabeth of Austria (from "Sissi" (1955) and its two sequels).
The film was made in Munich and other parts of Bavaria at these locations: Berg Castle, Castle Herrenchiemsee, Castle Hohenschwangau, Linderhof Palace, Ettal and Neuschwanstein Castle. Visconti suffered a stroke during filming.

</doc>
<doc id="2866450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866450" title="Pleasant Park Station">
Pleasant Park Station

Pleasant Park Transitway Station is a bus stop on Ottawa's transitway served by OC Transpo buses. It is located in the southeastern transitway section at Pleasant Park Road (a collector road through Alta Vista) near Riverside Drive. The station is mostly used by people who take the 149 bus to or from Alta Vista, or by local residents in the nearby residential areas. 
It is one of the more lightly used stations due to the lack of any other trip generators or transfer connections.
Service.
The following routes serve Pleasant Park Station:<br>
4
40 41 43
87 97 98
99 116
118
140
146 148 149
199
451
Note: Route 149 uses the upper level of Pleasant Park Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2866456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866456" title="Smallville (season 5)">
Smallville (season 5)

Season five of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on September 29, 2005. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The fifth season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 11, 2006, marking the final season that aired on The WB. Regular cast members during season five include Tom Welling, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Allison Mack, John Glover, Erica Durance, Annette O'Toole and John Schneider.
Season 5 deals with the aftermath of the second meteor shower. Clark deals with adult life, going to college, a real relationship with Lana, and the loss of someone he loves. His distrust for Lex continues to grow, as Clark's professor begins supplying him with evidence of LuthorCorp's secret projects. Clark looks to Chloe for support, while Lionel's transformation into a better person draws skepticism from everyone. Jensen Ackles, who played Jason Teague, left the show after season four, and Erica Durance became a series regular as Lois Lane. The writers also brought in Arthur Curry, Victor Stone, and Andrea Rojas, DC Comics superheroes, in three separate guest spots as well as the classic Superman villain Brainiac.
After spending seasons three and four airing on Wednesday nights at 8/7C "Smallville" was moved to Thursday nights airing at 8/7C, where it stayed for four seasons. Season five rose from the previous season, averaging 4.7 million viewers weekly.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Tie-in.
Since the second season, a promotional tie-in titled "Chloe's Chronicles" was established to wrap up "unfinished business" from the television series through the use of internet episodes. During season five, the series was evolved into "Vengeance Chronicles". In this series, Chloe joins forces with a costumed vigilante she dubs the "Angel of Vengeance", who was introduced in the episode "Vengeance", to expose Lex Luthor's Level 33.1 experiments on meteor-infected people.
Awards.
In 2006, the show was awarded an Emmy for Outstanding Editing for a Series for the fifth season episode "Arrival". Allison Mack was awarded Best Sidekick in 2006. Guest star Emily Hirst was nominated for a Young Artist Award for her portrayal of Maddie Van Horn in "Fragile". In 2006, the show was nominated for a Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing in "Commencement". For the 32nd Annual Saturn Awards, the show received seven nominations: Best Network Television Series; Best Actor and Actress for Tom Welling and Kristin Kreuk; Best Supporting Actor and Actress for Michael Rosenbaum, Erica Durance and Allison Mack; and Best Television Release on DVD.
Home media release.
The complete fifth season of "Smallville" was released on September 12, 2006 in North America. Additional releases in region 2 and region 4 took place on August 28, 2006 and April 4, 2007, respectively. The DVD box set included various special features, including episode commentary, "The Chloe Chronicles: Volume II", a behind-the-scenes featurette on the making of the 100th episode, "Vengeance Chronicles" webisodes, a previous of the documentary "Look, Up in the Sky! The Amazing Story of Superman".

</doc>
<doc id="2866460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866460" title="Masi">
Masi

Masi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866467" title="Cahors wine">
Cahors wine

Cahors () is a red wine from grapes grown in or around the town of Cahors, France. Cahors is an "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) which forms part of the South West France wine region. The dominant grape variety in AOC Cahors wines is Malbec, which must make up a minimum of 70% of the wine, and which is known locally as "Côt", "Côt Noir" or "Auxerrois". It is supplemented by up to 30% Merlot and Tannat. 
There are of Cahors vineyards.
The designation AOC Cahors may only be used for red wines. There is also some white and rosé wine produced in the same area, and it is sold under the designation "Vin de Pays du Lot" instead.
History.
The history of wine Cahors winemaking go back to the era of Ancient Rome, with vines being planted in the area around 50 BC. Since that time, the vines have remained in the land of Quercy and their history has been combined with that of the region.
Similar to many other winemaking regions, Cahors was hit badly by The Great French Wine Blight in the late 19th century, when the vines were attacked in the phylloxera epidemic. In the case of Cahors, this happened in 1883-1885.
In February 1956, Cahors was hit by frosts which wiped out almost all the vineyards of the region, which thus needed to be replanted "en masse". In this replanting, Malbec became more dominant than it had been before. Cahors was awarded AOC status in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="2866484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866484" title="Hippolyta (DC Comics)">
Hippolyta (DC Comics)

Queen Hippolyta is a fictional character and DC Comics superhero, based on Hippolyta, queen of the Amazons in Greek mythology. She is also the mother of Wonder Woman and Donna Troy.
Fictional character biography.
Golden and Silver Age versions.
The character Hippolyta (then spelled "Hippolyte," although the spelling changed to "Hippolyta" during the 1960s) first appeared in "All Star Comics" #8 (1941), the same comic book that introduced her daughter, Wonder Woman. This original version of the character possessed black hair. According to this story, Hippolyte and the Amazons once resided in "Amazonia" in the days of ancient Greece, until they were beguiled and bested by the demi-god Hercules, who had been sent after her by the Wargod Ares, now named Mars. She was able to beat him using the girdle, but he seduced her, and tricked her into allowing him to see the girdle, allowing him to steal it. This caused them to lose the favor of their patron goddess, Aphrodite. Eventually she and the other Amazons were forgiven, but had to wear bracelets to remind them of the chains which once bound them. To regain their status, the Amazons were forced to leave the mortal world and relocate to Paradise Island. There they established their own society, free from the evils of man's world. So long as they remained there and Hippolyte retained possession of her magic girdle, the Amazons would be immortal. Much of this history was adapted and expanded upon in the modern version of the "Wonder Woman" comics.
For the most part, Hippolyte remained on Paradise Island during the Golden Age era, rarely interacting with the modern world to which her daughter had journeyed. Her role was that of the Amazon Queen and mentor to Wonder Woman. She was devoted to the Olympian goddesses, particularly the Amazons' patron Aphrodite, and was adamant that man never be allowed to set foot on Paradise Island. Although she remained mainly on the island, in one memorable story from "Sensation Comics" #26 (reprinted in "Wonder Woman: The Complete History"), Hippolyte travels to Man's World and briefly assumes the role of Wonder Woman. In the first appearance of Villany inc she is kidnapped to lure Wonder Woman into a trap.
In the 1960s when DC Comics introduced the concept of the Multiverse, this Hippolyte was established as existing on the world known as Earth-2. This incarnation of Hippolyte was phased out around issue #97 of the original "Wonder Woman" comic when the focus shifted from Earth-2 to the more modern versions of the characters on Earth-1.
The Silver Age Hippolyte continued thereafter and had blonde hair. Her history was largely identical to the Golden Age version, though a few significant Silver Age stories diverge from the original. For example, it was established that Hippolyta had crafted a second daughter from clay, a dark-skinned Amazon named Nubia who was to be Wonder Woman's twin sister before she was spirited away by the god Mars. She was also the adoptive mother of Donna Troy, who had been rescued from a fire and brought to Paradise Island. As before, Hippolyta's role in the Silver Age era was primarily that of Paradise Island's queen and mentor to Wonder Woman. She was frequently shown interacting with her daughter as well as supporting characters of the era such as Wonder Girl and Wonder Tot. According to the DC Comics 1976 calendar, Hippolyta was born on January 8.
Hippolyta was also instrumental in several of the continuity shake-ups for the Earth-One Wonder Woman. Enraged that her daughter, recovering from amnesia, had submitted to trials by the Justice League to prove her worth to rejoin, she created her own test which involved resurrecting Steve Trevor to lead an assault on Paradise Island. The goddess Aphrodite granted Diana's wish to allow the resurrected Trevor to continue living (although he was later revealed to be Eros animating Trevor's body). After Trevor had again been killed and a grief-stricken Diana returned home, Hippolyta erased Diana's memories of him; when a Trevor from a parallel universe burst through the barriers between worlds and crashed off Paradise Island, Hippolyta asked Aphrodite to alter the memories of the entire world to allow the new Trevor to embark upon a life on Earth-One.
The Hippolytas of both universes used a Magic Sphere, which could peer into the past and future.
In 1985, the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" miniseries revised DC Comics history and combined the multiple Earths into one world. The modern version of Hippolyta would combine elements of her earlier incarnations and take on greater importance in the series.
Modern Age version.
Origin.
Hippolyta's origins underwent a revision after writer George Pérez's revamp of Wonder Woman in 1987. In current continuity, Hippolyta and the rest of the Themyscirian Amazons were first created by a select few of the Olympian gods, which included Artemis, Athena, Hestia, Demeter and Aphrodite. They took the souls of women slain throughout time by the hands of men and sent them to the bottom of the Aegean Sea. Hippolyta was slain 32000 years ago while carrying a child. The souls then began to form bodies with the clay on the sea bed. Once they reached the surface the clay bodies became living flesh and blood Amazons. The first one to break surface was Hippolyta and thus she was titled as Queen of the new race; in this version Hippolyta stood 5'9", weighed approximately 130 lbs, had curly black hair and more or less looked like the spitting image of her future daughter. The second Amazon to break surface was her sister Antiope and she ruled as a second to Hippolyta in all affairs. Each of the goddesses that created the Amazons blessed them with personalized gifts: hunting skills (Artemis'), wisdom (Athena's), warm homes (Hestia's), plentiful harvests (Demeter's), and beauty inside and out (Aphrodite's). As a symbol of their leadership titles, the gods gave Hippolyta and Antiope each a Golden Girdle of Gaea which enhanced their strength and abilities significantly. The Amazons eventually founded the city of Themyscira in Anatolia and became known as fierce warriors of peace in Turkey, Greece and Rome.
Rape.
The jealous and vengeful god Ares soon after tried to discredit their name by having his half-brother demi-god Heracles invade the Amazons and demean their standing by stealing their Golden Girdles of Gaea. When Heracles first approached the Amazons seeking battle, Hippolyta met him outside the city gates and tried to reason with him for peaceful negotiations. When this did not work Heracles attacked the Amazon Queen using his strength to his advantage. Hippolyta easily turned the tables on him by using her wisdom and battle skills to subdue him. Still wishing peace, Hippolyta invited Heracles and his men into their city to celebrate a potential friendship with a feast. Hiding his anger, Heracles accepted the invitation.
Once in their stronghold, Heracles and his men drugged the wine the Amazons were drinking and took them prisoner. After the theft of Hippolyta's Golden Girdle and abuse and rape of the Amazons, Hippolyta cried out to Athena to help them escape their bonds. Athena said that she would only aid them on the condition that the Amazons not seek retribution against Heracles and his men as that would be beneath the ideals the Amazons were created to stand for. Hippolyta hastily agreed and the Amazon's bonds were broken and the drugs given wore off. Once out of their drugged state the Amazons were filled with hate and revenge. Breaking Hippolyta's oath to Athena, the Amazons began slaughtering their captors but were upset to find that Heracles and his general Theseus had returned to their homelands.
After the slaughter Athena reprimanded the Amazons for disobeying her orders. She demanded the Amazons serve penance for their actions. Though Hippolyta agreed to the goddess' wishes, her sister Antiope scoffed at Athena for being angered at them for killing their rapist captors. Antiope then denounced all ties to the Olympian gods and said goodbye to her sister Hippolyta, giving Hippolyta her Golden Girdle of Gaea to replace the one stolen by Heracles. She left for Greece, along with half of the Amazon Nation who supported Antiope in her new quest to battle Heracles and Theseus out of vengeance and to replace Antiope's girdle with Hippolyta's. Antiope's tribe later became the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall.
Godly penance.
Hippolyta and her remaining faithful Amazons then went to the sea shore where the Olympian Gods told them their punishment for going against their ideals. They were to be given immortality so that they would forever safeguard a doorway to the underworld called Doom's Doorway. Not only must they prevent anyone from entering, but they must also vanquish any evils that try to escape. The doorway was on a far-off isolated island and it would take some time to get there. To guide their way, the god Poseidon cleared a pathway for them across the seas. Once they arrived at the island the Amazons created a new city and named their new home Themyscira, after their previous fallen city. Hippolyta then held a contest of trials to determine which Amazon was the most skilled among her people. The victor, Nu'Bia, was then sent into Doom's Doorway to better safeguard the entryway from within the Underworld while the remaining Amazons protected the entrance in the mortal world. The Amazons continued to live on the island guarding Doom's Doorway, and paying homage to their gods, for three-thousand years.
Diana's birth.
It was into this period of living on the island for millennia that Hippolyta began to ache for a child of her own. She prayed to her gods her secret wish and they responded. She was told to go to the sea shore and form the figure of a baby with the island's clay, which she did. The original goddesses again united to create a new Amazon for Queen Hippolyta. It was revealed that in her previous life Hippolyta was a pregnant cavewoman who was killed by her mate, thus her longing was for the child she had been denied. The goddesses used the soul of this unborn child to fall into the clay body of the infant and, just as with the previous Amazons, the clay was changed into flesh and blood. Hippolyta named the child Diana, after a stranger who was washed ashore on the island and helped the Amazons defeat a creature escaping Doom's Doorway with her life. This Diana was later to be revealed as the love interest to both Steve Trevor. When she reached adulthood, Princess Diana became the superheroine Wonder Woman. To aid her in her mission, the Olympian gods transformed the Golden Girdle of Gaea that Antiope gave to Hippolyta into the Lasso of Truth. 
The Amazon Queen raised Diana on the island as the princess of the Amazon Nation. Her love of Diana at times though proved to take precedence over the welfare of her people. For example, when the god Zeus intended to rape Diana (after she had become Wonder Woman) as a "reward" for thwarting Ares's plot, an enraged Hippolyta was willing to put the entire island in peril by confronting the god outright in order to protect Diana. Later still when Diana was told that she was to enter Doom's Doorway alone in order to answer a challenge by her gods, Hippolyta again placed the island in peril by disobeying the gods and entering Doom's Doorway to save her daughter. Though her motherly love was proven in these instances and more, it also showed that she was beginning to lose interest in the rule of her people.
Return of Heracles.
During Diana's "Challenge of the Gods" storyline, she discovered that Heracles was transformed into a colossal stone pilar within Doom's Doorway, and was supporting Themyscira's weight for several millennia. In this stone state he was tormented and scarred by various mythological creatures, feeling the pain inflicted by them but not being able to do anything about it. This was the punishment given to him by his Olympian family for his past transgressions. Gaining his original form back, he begged the Amazons for forgiveness. Though some of the Amazons still harbored hatred for their past rapes and humiliation, most of them were moved by Heracles' newfound humility, and Queen Hippolyta asked her people to search their hearts for the strength to forgive, which they eventually did. Doing so herself, Hippolyta not only forgave Heracles, but shared a brief romance with him before he left the mortal realm to return to his father in Olympus.
Return to the outside world.
After Diana's completion of her "challenge", the Amazons were released from their punishment by the Olympian gods. They were free to live out their lives any way and where they saw fit while retaining their immortality as a blessing from the gods for their faithful devotion. To celebrate, Hippolyta declared that Themyscira would finally create exchange with outside countries. Unfortunately their interaction with the United Nations was met with mixed impressions. Some saw the Amazons as lowly savages, unworthy of U.N. entry. Others still saw Hippolyta and her people as beacons of hope. Diana became Themyscira's ambassador, relaying all of Hippolyta's wishes to the U.N.
Alas, as Wonder Woman Diana made a powerful enemy in the witch Circe. One attack made by Circe to Diana was the brainwashing of Queen Hippolyta in becoming the Shim'Tar, or chief warrior, of the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall. In this persona Hippolyta mindlessly attacked her own daughter at the whim of Circe. This tarnished the outside world's view of the newly discovered nation somewhat. The magic used on Hippolyta eventually wore off but Hippolyta never forgave Circe for the mental rape given, nor the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall for aiding Circe in her plot to kill her daughter.
Due to this event Circe considered all Amazons to be her enemy and made a new plan for revenge. In time she teleported the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall to Themyscira on the pretense that they were to take the island as their own. While the two tribes fought, Circe teleported the island to a dimension of demons. There the two tribes of Amazons were forced to put aside their rivalry temporarily in order to stave off the demons who sought to destroy the entire Amazon race. The Amazons were eventually successful but they remained in the demon dimension until Diana discovered what had happened and forced Circe to return the island back to its rightful dimension. After this was done they found out that although their time in the demon dimension lasted several years, the time passed in their normal dimension was only a few months.
In this time the Themyscirian and Bana-Mighdallian Amazons made an uneasy truce. The Themyscirians would live in the city while the Bana-Mighdallians would form their own settlement on the opposite side of the island. In Hippolyta's mind she still served as Queen over all Amazons on the island, but the Bana-Mighdallian Amazons did not see it as such and tensions between the two tribes remained.
Motherly deception.
Because the demon dimension they were in was magic based, Hippolyta began to receive dreams and visions of the future. In one such dream she foresaw Wonder Woman's death. Fearful for her daughter's welfare, she put into motion a plan to remove Diana from her role as Wonder Woman and replace the title of Themyscira's Champion to another Amazon. Thus a new Contest for the title was made though she kept her true reasons for calling the new Contest to herself alone. Initially Hippolyta thought the Amazons of Bana-Mighdall were not worthy to enter the Contest but once Diana, angered at her mother's treatment of the new Amazons, called a vote on the whole to see if her people also agreed that they should be allowed to participate. The answer was yes. Suddenly inspired, Hippolyta noticed that the Bana-Mighdallian's most likely warrior to win was the Amazon Artemis. Hippolyta then in secret went to the Themyscirian Amazon mystic Magala. She had Magala transfer half of Diana's gods-given powers over to Artemis in order for Artemis' victory to be better equipped. Hippolyta also provided many additional obstacles for Diana to encounter during her Contest trials in order for her to become sidetracked from the goal of winning. Due to her actions, Artemis became the Contest's winner and the new champion Wonder Woman. Later when Diana began to receive visions of the past she confronted her mother on why she really called for a new Contest. When Hippolyta told her she and Diana's relationship became scarred as Diana never truly forgave her mother for knowingly sending another Amazon to her death.
Wonder Woman.
After Artemis was killed in battle the title of Wonder Woman was returned to Diana. This sent Hippolyta into a deep depression as she realized she was the cause of an innocent's death. Hippolyta gave command to the Amazon General Philippus and went into self-imposed banishment.
Hippolyta boarded a small boat and let it cast adrift. She eventually landed in Louisiana where she met a psychic named Angela. After becoming friends with Angela and her family, Angela informed Hippolyta that her daughter was in serious danger. Rushing to her aid, Hippolyta arrived too late to save Diana from the demon Neron, as Diana was still suffering from the spell that had reduced her strength. Thus, Hippolyta's vision of her daughter dying as Wonder Woman came true.
Diana, after her death, was granted divinity as the Goddess of Truth by her gods for such faithful devotion. During her brief time as a god of Olympus, Diana was replaced in the role of Wonder Woman by her mother. As opposed to Diana receiving the title in honor, Hippolyta's role as Wonder Woman was meant to be a punishment for her betrayal in Artemis' death as well as for unintentionally killing her own daughter. However, Hippolyta eventually grew to enjoy the freedom and adventure the title came with. Whereas Diana used the Lasso of Truth as her primary weapon, Hippolyta favored a broad sword.
John Byrne, the writer that introduced the concept of Hippolyta as the first Wonder Woman, has explained his intentions in a post in his message board:
"I thought George's one "mistake" in rebooting Wonder Woman was making her only 25 years old when she left Paradise Island. I preferred the idea of a Diana who was thousands of years old (as, if I recall correctly, she was in the TV series). From that angle, I would have liked to have seen Diana having been Wonder Woman in WW2, and be returning to our world in the reboot."
"Not having that option, I took the next best course, and had Hippolyta fill that role."
As Wonder Woman, Queen Hippolyta immediately got involved in a time travel mission back to the 1940s with Jay Garrick. After this mission, she elected to join the Justice Society of America and remained in that era for eight years, where her teammates nicknamed her "Polly". During that time she had a relationship with Ted Grant. Hippolyta also made visits into the past to see her godchild Lyta, daughter of Hippolyta's protege Helena, the Golden Age Fury. These visits happened yearly from young Lyta's perspective and also accounted for Hippolyta's participation in the JSA/JLA team ups. When she returned from the past, Hippolyta took Diana's place in the JLA as well.
Eventually Diana gave up her godhood and returned to her role as Wonder Woman. Still clinging to her newfound sense of freedom, Hippolyta did not wish to relinquish her title as Wonder Woman (even though she admitted her daughter looked "better in a bathing suit" than she did), leaving two different Wonder Women acting in the same role at the same time. Diana was often unhappy with Hippolyta's continued role as Wonder Woman as she felt Hippolyta was ignoring her "true" duties as ruler of Themyscira, thus further inciting the antagonism between mother and daughter.
Around this time Hippolyta discovered that the hero Donna Troy was actually a mirror image of her daughter Diana, brought to life through Themyscirian sorceries. Though Hippolyta had met Donna on previous adventures, when the two women met again after learning this fact, Hippolyta accepted Donna as a second daughter and held a coronation on the island, proclaiming Donna to be the second Amazon princess and an heir to the Themyscirian throne.
On one visit to the island, Diana discovered that the two tribes of Amazons were on the verge of a civil war due to unresolved issues and mysterious acts of sabotage made on the Bana-Mighdallian's construction of their city. When both Diana and Donna confronted Hippolyta about her inaction of rule at such a dangerous time, Hippolyta became very upset with her two daughters and told them that she intended to continue her role as Wonder Woman in the outside world and that Diana and Donna were to rule the island in her absence. Unfortunately the civil war took place after all and many Amazons on both sides were killed. Returning to the island, Hippolyta and Diana agreed to denounce their royal titles in order for both Amazon tribes to have an opportunity for peace, having both tribes gain equal footing in united rule.
Death.
Hippolyta continued to establish a distinguished career as Wonder Woman. The Queen enjoyed her role in the Justice Society and became accustomed to life in the United States. Mother and daughter fought on several occasions over Hippolyta's past expected roles — hero or queen — and their differences were unresolved when the queen sacrificed herself to save the Earth from Imperiex during the Imperiex War featured in "Our Worlds at War". Ironically Hippolyta died at the birthplace of the Amazons, near the Aegean Sea in Greece. However she was allowed to see her daughter one last time and say goodbye. She, the spirit of her sister Antiope, and Steve Trevor's mother Diana Rockwell Trevor became ghostly guardians of the island watching over both tribes as their distant and former queens.
One Year Later.
As part of the "Amazons Attack" storyline, the witch Circe revived Hippolyta and showed her that the U.S. government illegally kidnapped her daughter Diana. She was being tortured until she gave over the plans on how the U.S. government could create their own Purple Ray to be used as a weapon. Angered over this, Hippolyta resumed leadership of the Amazons and had them attack the city of Washington, D.C. in the hopes of rescuing Diana and serving their own form of justice against the world for their actions. They are shown using winged steeds, and other mythical creatures. During battle Hippolyta discovered that Circe had secretly planned to detonate a nuclear weapon on Themyscira and gained her revenge on the traitor by impaling the sorceress with a battle spear through the chest. Wonder Woman has an opportunity to kill her mother but does not take it, instead giving the knife to Hippolyta, who will not kill her daughter. Despite the fact that Circe is supposedly dead, Hippolyta seems fully intent on continuing her assault on the United States, even issuing an attack on other locations, including Kansas. Her more chaotic and malicious actions start to concern her Amazon generals. It is later learned that Circe used a portion of her own soul to revive Hippolyta from death. Because of this Hippolyta's persona was tainted by the witch's evil and thus Hippolyta is now a more blood-thirsty being than before.
At the conclusion of the war all of the Amazons are given false identities and scattered throughout the world. Hippolyta is spared but is banished to live alone on Themyscira, by what appears to be Athena but is later revealed to be the villainous Granny Goodness, who along with the other New Gods of Apokolips have imprisoned the Greek deities. In "Countdown to Final Crisis", Hippolyta lives in hiding from Granny Goodness and her new brand of Amazons, human recruits being trained as a new generation of her Female Furies. With the help of island castaways Holly Robinson (briefly known as Catwoman), Harley Quinn and a powerless Mary Marvel, Hippolyta is able to drive Granny out of Thermiscyra and back to Apokolips. After the Greek Gods are freed by Mary, Granny is murdered by the mysterious Godkiller, leaving Hippolyta once more as the Queen of Themyscira.
The Circle.
During her isolation Hippolyta travels to the four corners of Themyscira, speaking to an Amazon prisoner at each point, asking them if they repent, to which each prisoner replies, "Never". However, the fourth and last prisoner, whom Hippolyta identifies as Alkyone, presents her with a wooden tiara with the words "Our Queen" across it similar to the one she and Diana both wore as Wonder Woman. Alkyone tells Hippolyta since she denied her the use of any blades, she gnawed in the inscription with her teeth. She goes on to accuse Hippolyta of betrayal for birthing "The Dragon", which clearly is a reference to Diana. Alkyone begs her to kill Diana and let them be a tribe again, but Hippolyta adamantly refuses. Alkyone then tells Hippolyta to tell Diana the truth, but again Hippolyta refuses and breaks the wooden tiara in half. As she leaves, Alkyone vows to save Hippolyta and make them a tribe again by killing Diana.
Alkyone's past reveals her to have been a member of Hippolyta's Royal Guard along with three other Amazons—Myrto, Charis and Philomela, charged with her personal protection. They were viewed as too brutal-minded and overzealous by General Philippus, captain of the General Amazon Guard, a viewpoint that was later proven when Alkyone learned that Hippolyta desired a child. This came to a head when Alkyone learned from the Amazon sorceress, Magala that another Amazon named Gennes had supposedly given birth to a daughter. But it turned out the baby was nothing more than a clay doll carved in the image of a child. Concluding Gennes had gone mad, Alkyone ordered that no such dolls were ever to be crafted on Themyscira again. After that, she ordered Gennes to be killed. In the present day, the army of Captain Nazi lands on Themyscira, intending to claim it for themselves. Alerted to their arrival, Hippolyta cuts her hair and readies herself for battle and vows to redeem herself for all the mistakes she has made since her resurrection. Elsewhere on the island, Alkyone offers her help and the rest of the former Royal Guard to the soldiers in hunting down Hippolyta in exchange for their release.
Wonder Woman – The Movie.
In Wonder Woman issues 24 and 25, there is a movie being made about Diana. In the beginning of issue 24, Diana brings Thomas Andrew Tresser home to meet her mother, Queen Hippolyta. Hippolyta takes Tresser and leaves Diana alone on the beach. This is her opportunity to get to know the man her daughter has become interested in. The getting to know him phase includes taking Tom to the Royal Menagerie to hand feed Griffins of Myth. While there Hippolyta asks rather directly if he and Diana have made love yet. Flustered he is able to honestly answer that they haven't. She asks Tom, "Will you protect her, keep her from harm, if you are able?" He replies, "Yes. That I can promise. Although it usually goes the other way 'round, to be blunt." Before he leaves she gives him a spear she has made, grants him the title Sir Thomas of Cleveland, and makes him a guardsman of Themescira. As Diana and Tom prepare to leave she requests one thing of her new guardsman, babies. As many as he and Diana can create as quickly as they can create them. As they leave the island Alkyone is seen watching them from shore as they float away on a giant shell.
Past Imperfect.
Following the events of "Wonder Woman" #600, the timeline is altered by the Greek Gods and Hippolyta's history is radically changed once again. Here, Themyscira is invaded by a heavily armed paramilitary group while Diana is still a child, and the majority of the Amazons are wiped out in the ensuing battle. Hippolyta is able to save Diana by entrusting her to several of her servants, who smuggle the child to the United States in the midst of the attack, but Hippolyta herself is ultimately captured by the enemy soldiers. After being bound and presented to the leader of the invaders, Hippolyta commits suicide by throwing herself into a massive fire being used to incinerate the dead Amazons, choosing to die rather than submit to her captors. After Wonder Woman's exile in the altered continuity is reversed, Hippolyta is briefly restored to her Modern Age origins, greeting her daughter back and approving the changes she had done to her attitude and appearance during her ordeal.
The New 52 Relaunch.
Following a new reset of the DCU continuity, Hippolyta receives another major change. Now looking like the Silver Age Hippolyta, youthful and blonde, she retains her edgy, warrior woman attitude. Furthermore, this incarnation of Hippolyta didn't fashion Diana from clay: instead, she bore her daughter from a relationship with Zeus, concocting a lie to protect Diana from Hera's rage.
After the truth about Diana's birth is revealed, Hera, the queen of the Greek gods, appear in Paradise Island to punish Hippolyta (not for having an affair with her husband, but for have been too weak to resist Zeus's seduction). Hippolyta had predicted this, and asks Hera to take her life in exchange of letting Diana live. However, Hera change her mind in the last second, and instead of killing Hippolyta, turns her into stone and the rest of the Amazons, minus Diana, into snakes, thus destroying Wonder Woman's home and her only family.
Powers and abilities.
Hippolyta has 3,000 years of combat experience, providing her expertise in both hand-to-hand combat as well as with hand-held weapons. As a Themyscirian Amazon she also possesses immortality that allows her to live indefinitely in a youthful form, but does leave her open to potential injury and death depending on her actions. She also possesses enhanced strength and intelligence. As shown by fellow members of her tribe, she has the capability to break apart steel and concrete with her bare hands, jump over 12 feet from a standing position, has a high durability factor, enhanced healing, and the ability to absorb and process a vast amount of knowledge in a short period of time.
Hippolyta, also in addition to all the Themyscirian Amazons, possesses the ability to relieve her body of physical injury and toxins by becoming one with the Earth's soil and then reforming her body whole again. The first time Diana does this she prays to her god Gaea saying: ""Gaea, I pray to you. Grant me your strength. You are the Earth who suckled me, who nurtured and bred me. Through you all life is renewed. The circle which never ends. I pray you, mother Gaea, take me into your bosom. Please, let me be worthy."" During writer John Byrne's time on the comic it was stated that this is a very sacred ritual to the Themyscirians, only to be used in the most dire of circumstances.
Other versions.
Flashpoint.
In the alternate timeline of the "Flashpoint" event, Hippolyta encourages Aquaman of Atlantis to marry her daughter, Wonder Woman, after she had been poisoned by a Kraken. On the wedding day; however, Hippolyta was murdered by Artemis in disguise as an Atlantean, who in an act of betrayal, was working with Ocean Master. Diana was actually the target, but Hippolyta took the arrow. This leads to war between the Amazons and Atlanteans.

</doc>
<doc id="2866491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866491" title="Bocchus">
Bocchus

Bocchus is the name of 2 kings of Mauretania.

</doc>
<doc id="2866497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866497" title="Stagecoach Hotel &amp; Casino">
Stagecoach Hotel &amp; Casino

The Stagecoach Hotel & Casino is a hotel and casino located in Beatty, Nevada, USA. It has 80 rooms, two restaurants, a casino with slot machines and table games, and a swimming pool. The Stagecoach is open 24 hours a day and is located on U.S. Route 95.
History.
The Stagecoach opened in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="2866499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866499" title="Autoeroticism">
Autoeroticism

Autoeroticism is the practice of becoming sexually stimulated through internal stimuli. The term was popularized toward the end of the 19th century by British sexologist Havelock Ellis, who defined autoeroticism as "the phenomena of spontaneous sexual emotion generated in the absence of an external stimulus proceeding, directly or indirectly, from another person". The most common autoerotic practice is masturbation, and though the two terms are often used interchangeably, they are not synonymous, since not all autoerotic behaviors are masturbatory. Nocturnal emissions, erotic daydreams, and sexual arousal to 'sexually-neutral' stimuli (music, scenery, art, risk, spiritual reverie, etc.) are also examples of autoeroticism.
Self-stimulation.
Many people use sex toys such as dildos, vibrators, anal beads and Sybian machines while alone. Autofellatio, the act of orally stimulating one's own penis, is thought to occur in less than 1% of the male population, possibly because of the physical flexibility required to perform it.
Criticism and controversies.
Some people, for religious or personal reasons, believe autoeroticism to be wrong. For example, masturbation is considered a sin by the Roman Catholic Church. Teaching adolescents about masturbation remains controversial in some parts of the world. For example, in 1994 Bill Clinton fired Joycelyn Elders who was Surgeon General of the United States in part because she advocated teaching about masturbation in schools as a way of preventing teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
Safety.
A few autoerotic practices are considered unsafe, sometimes even leading to death. These include autoerotic asphyxiation and self-bondage. The potential for injury or even death that exists while engaging in these practices rather than the partnered versions (erotic asphyxiation and bondage, respectively) becomes drastically increased due to the isolation and lack of assistance in the event of a problem.
In other animal species.
Animal sexual behavior has been observed in many species, both in the wild and in captivity. Individuals of some species have been known to create tools for autoerotic purposes.
Variant meaning.
The word autoeroticism is occasionally used to refer to sexual feeling occurring without external stimulation.

</doc>
<doc id="2866503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866503" title="Smallville (season 2)">
Smallville (season 2)

Season two of "Smallville", an American television series developed by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, began airing on September 24, 2002, on The WB television network. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The second season comprises 23 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 20, 2003. Regular cast members during season two include Tom Welling, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Sam Jones III, Allison Mack, John Glover, Annette O'Toole and John Schneider. At the end of season one, Eric Johnson, who portrayed Whitney Fordman, had left the show.
Season two picks up directly where season one ended, with Clark (Welling) dealing with the aftermath of the tornadoes that hit Smallville. This season, Clark finally learns who he is and where he comes from, but must also acknowledge a potential destiny set into motion by his biological father that could change his life and the lives of those around him forever. Clark's relationship with Lana Lang (Kreuk) becomes increasingly closer, straining his friendship with Chloe Sullivan (Mack). Clark's best friend, Pete Ross (Jones III), learns Clark's secret this season.
Before the start of the second season, Gough and Millar established a writing staff to help develop episode stories for the show, which eventually saw the introduction of two characters that would shape Clark's life, Dr. Virgil Swann and Clark's biological father Jor-El. These roles were filled by Christopher Reeve and Terence Stamp, respectively, who were previously known for their respective roles as Superman and his nemesis General Zod in the "Superman" film series. Special effects company Entity FX became the primary effects unit for the show this season, winning awards for two of the episodes they worked on. Apart from the digital effects team, the series and its actors were nominated for and won various awards as well. Season two performed better than the previous season, averaging 6.3 million viewers a week, and placed #113 in the Nielsen ratings, up from #115 the year before.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Writing.
At the start of the second season, Al Gough and Miles Millar brought in Ken Biller to run the newly formed writers' room. For the first season, Gough and Millar usually wrote the final draft of every episode because they were still seeking the show's voice. The pair understood that a writing staff would help "expand show". As part of their expanding, they also brought in comic-book writer Jeph Loeb, who spent his first two weeks seeking fresh ideas for new episodes. One of the decisions the new writing team came up with was letting Pete in on Clark’s secret. The decision to let Pete learn Clark's secret was a choice made so that the character would have a function on the show, and allow Clark someone who was not one of his parents. It was also a way to examine the "power of friendship and loyalty", and "the price of having to keep a secret".
Not all of "Smallville"'s stories this season came from the writing staff. Mark Warshaw, who was head of the internet team that wrote the online Smallville articles for the Ledger and Torch, which interwove the television episodes with online, fictional newspapers that continued the stories from the show, was the one that came up with the idea behind "Skinwalker". Warshaw's story was about a Native American girl who falls in love with Clark, while at the same time revealing Clark's destiny to him. The story was bought and given to Kelly Souders and Brian Peterson on the writing staff to work on a screenplay. The episode had a significant role in the series, as it introduced the Kawatche caves—which held the Kryptonian language written on its walls—and explored Clark's origins, while at the same time posing the question that people from Clark's homeworld may have visited Smallville before Clark arrived on the planet.
Superman mythology.
This season, Gough and Millar brought in Christopher Reeve, who portrayed Superman in four feature films, as a guest star for a pivotal role in Clark’s life, that of Dr. Virgil Swann. The pair always had intentions of bringing Christopher Reeve onto the show, and when they found out that he enjoyed watching the show himself Gough and Millar decided that they were going to bring him on for season two. They had already crafted a character, Dr. Virgil Swann, they knew would reveal the truth about Krypton to Clark, and they decided that Reeve would be perfect for the part. Gough and Millar believed it was "natural" for Reeve to be the one to educate Clark about his past, and help him see his future, and the scenes between Reeve and Welling have been described as a "passing of the torch" moment for the series. Along with Reeve, another actor from the "Superman" films to be brought into the show was Terence Stamp, who portrayed General Zod in the first two "Superman" films. Stamp's role as Zod in the films, coupled with how the writing team portrayed Jor-El’s early appearances—giving Clark a message that he will rule Earth with strength—led to fan theories that Jor-El was in fact General Zod at the ComicCon that met two months after the episode aired. Gough assured the ComicCon audience that the character was Jor-El, and not Zod in disguise.
In addition, Jeph Loeb requested the introduction of Superman’s future ally, Metropolis Police Lieutenant Maggie Sawyer, for the episode "Insurgence". As Loeb recalls, "Ken had written a hard-bitten, crusty kind of cop. I asked him if he minded if it was a woman, and explained who Maggie Sawyer was and the role she would play in the future." The concept for "Insurgence" also developed from an aspect of the Superman mythology that stemmed back to Superman’s original incarnation, which was his ability to leap tall buildings in a single bound. After their Thanksgiving break, the "Smallville" writers were in the writers' room when Miles Millar walked in and exclaimed, "I think it's time for Clark to leap a tall building." Jeph Loeb and the other writers had already been trying to develop a story that involved a hostage situation, and after Millar made his announcement the team suggested that they also pay homage to the Bruce Willis action film "Die Hard". The setting for the hostage situation was LuthorCorp Plaza; the team introduced the "Daily Planet", another pivotal piece of Superman lore that would one day employ Clark Kent and his alternate identity of Superman, by using it as the building that Clark uses to execute his "first leap". "Insurgence" was actually written before "Visage" and "Suspect", but not filmed until after both of those episodes because the team was having difficulty figuring out the logistics of producing the episode. Afterward, the episode would be scheduled to air between "Visage" and "Suspect".
This season also saw the introduction of red kryptonite. In the fourth episode of the second season, titled "Red", Clark buys a high school ring that contains a red kryptonite gem. The effects of the kryptonite were meant to act as a metaphor for drugs. Loeb was given the task of writing "Red" by Gough and Millar, and one of the things he decided on was that the ultimate pay off with the kryptonite would be Clark finally kissing Lana. As Tom Welling describes it, "With 'Red Clark' he's "completely" aware of the consequences of his actions at the time, but he doesn't care! He doesn't care what happens to you, and he certainly doesn't care what happens to himself, because he probably realizes that nothing can happen to him. It's always fun to be that way, even in real life, because we're not allowed to be that way all too often." One of the concerns for the episode was whether the audience would embrace the idea of a "bad Clark", as Ken Biller knew that Clark would have to be "the villain of the story". Fortunately, audiences did embrace the idea and after the good ratings "Red" received, the WB requested more episodes with red kryptonite. Unfortunately, Gough and the crew did not like using it because of the idea of "Clark bad", but the team asked themselves, "what if a friend slips something in your drink and you don’t know it?" This became the basis in "Rush", where Pete slips a shard of red kryptonite into Clark's pocket; it also gave the network what they wanted, but in the form of a single act instead of the entire episode. This element would show up again in the season finale, when Clark slips on another red kryptonite ring before riding out of Smallville on a motorcycle. According to Ken Biller, the moment Clark goes searching for the kryptonite is the payoff they had wanted with that piece of Superman mythology. The show had established that red kryptonite removes Clark's inhibitions, and in the season finale, Clark is to the point that he is willing to "go 'on drugs' to solve his own pain and [... guilt about what he's done".
Apart from the classical Superman mythology, the creative team developed more of the show's take on Superman lore. In this instance, the "Smallville" team wanted to get rid of Clark's spaceship in the finale, because they felt that the characters would not realistically travel to the storm cellar that often. With the introduction of the Kawatche caves in season two, the creative team had the Kryptonian connection they needed in order to safely rid themselves of the spaceship. "Rush" provided an expansion on the mythology within the show as well, by explaining that Kryptonians had been to Smallville before Clark.
Characters.
Season two expanded the lives and relationships of the main characters. Gough and Millar used the season opener, "Vortex", to establish multiple dynamics for the seasons, including: "Lana's distrust of Clark; what happened to the spaceship, which into Clark looking into his origins; Lex protecting Clark and killing the reporter; and the Lex/Lionel dynamic, with Lionel being blind."
A second development for the show was the relationship between Lionel and Martha Kent. As part of season two was about expanding the lives of the adults away from Clark, "Nocturne" saw the beginning of the Lionel/Martha relationship. This relationship allowed for more situations of Schneider and O'Toole doing scenes together that were not about the kids. By the end of the season, each of the main characters reach turning points in their lives. Welling also commented on his character’s development over the course of the season, specifically on Clark meeting his biological father and how that affects his life: "To have two very strong father figures telling you different things is a lot to handle, and Clark has to take this information, put it to the test and come to his own conclusion, and it’s not an easy one."
According to Gough, they had a specific intention for the ending of the second season: "Season one ended with the height of heroism, with Clark running into a tornado to save Lana. For season two, we wanted to see the nadir of that, which is Clark running away [...] from his problems." Gough likens the finale to the ending of "", in that Clark leaves Smallville and everyone he loves because he is scared. According to Gough, in order to do "the character justice", you have to take his journey through the darkness, with him failing along the way.
The lives of multiple characters changed during season two, including that of Whitney Fordman, who left Smallville in season one. Whitney would return in season two's "Visage", when the creative team decided to combine two of their favorite characters from season one: the series regular Whitney Fordman, and Tina Greer, the shape shifting teenager with a fixation on Lana. The result was Whitney's return from war with amnesia, and subsequent revealing that Whitney died overseas and that Tina Greer has been impersonating him since his "return". The episode also held lesbian undertones between the characters of Tina and Lana, as well as with Tina and Chloe. As Greg Beeman points out, Tina’s ultimate goal was to take over Whitney's life and live forever with Lana; the character also "lusted over Chloe" during a portion of the episode.
Whitney was not the only character whose fate was met with demise. "Suspect" became the show's first "cracking the mystery" episode, which revolved with the attempted murder of Lionel Luthor by a mysterious assailant; it was influenced by the Japanese film "Rashomon", just like season one's episode "Zero", which is told from different people’s perspective of the same event. It was originally decided that Lionel's assistant, Dominic Santori, was going to be the person who attempted to kill Lionel, but ultimately it was decided that Sheriff Ethan would be villain of the episode. Although Jonathan Kent was also a suspect, it was clear to at least Greg Beeman that they could not pin the crime on a series regular, so they decided to try to surprise the audience by making it Ethan. Mitchell Kosterman, who plays Sheriff Ethan, was a little distraught over his character’s fate, having grown comfortable with his place on the show. The original ending of the episode featured Ethan taking a nurse hostage, which Kosterman felt was out of character; subsequently, the final version had Ethan giving up the second it is revealed that he was caught. To Kosterman, this ending allows the character to stay sympathetic, by showing that he was "pushed to a bad place", because Kosterman feels, "that whole dynamic of good people being pushed to do the wrong thing by bad people like Lionel Luthor is a pervading theme in the whole show".
The fate of Dr. Helen Bryce, who would marry Lex in the season two finale, was already established by the time the creative team was working on "Precipice", the season's nineteenth episode, though it did change from the writers' original intentions. Initially, the character was to be killed off at the end of the season, on her wedding day, but the quality of Emmanuelle Vaugier's performances and her chemistry with Michael Rosenbaum inspired the creative staff to keep her around until the start of the third season.
Episode development.
Although the majority of the season two episodes were conceived during pre-production, as well as during the filming of the second season, other episode ideas, or scenes, were originally intended to be scripted for the first season. A scene involving Clark inadvertently using heat vision in his sexual education class was originally scripted for the pilot, but was cut when the budget became too large. That scene would become the inspiration for the season two episode "Heat". Since his initial performance as Ryan in season one's "Stray", Gough and Millar had hoped to be able to bring Ryan Kelley back to "Smallville". In season two they got their chance, with the intention to kill off the character, who was suffering from a brain tumor. Gough and Millar were initially apprehensive about how audiences would react to the death of a young teenager whose age was representative of the target demographic. For the episode "Ryan", the creative team wanted to show that Clark, even with all his powers, cannot save everyone; in this case, Clark's speed and strength are no help against the tumor growing in Ryan's brain. The episode is about Clark's trials of learning that life is not easy, and how those trials change him. "Lineage" was one of the original stories Gough and Millar pitched to the studio when they were first trying to get "Smallville" off the ground. The episode was designed to explain why Jonathan hated Lionel Luthor—having made a deal with him in order to be able to adopt Clark—as well as set up the character of Lex's half brother, Lucas, in the forthcoming episode "Prodigal". As he wrote the episode, per Millar's suggestion, Biller drew inspiration from John Sayles's "Lone Star" when writing the flashback scenes. In "Lone Star", to illustrate the moment of flashback, the camera would pan around until it revealed the past.
As with season one, the writing team came up with more "what if" episodes for the series, like season two's "Visitor", which came from the idea of, "what if someone showed up and Clark began to believe that he wasn't the last person from his planet." In the case of "Nocturne", "what if Clark had been brought up by different parents?" With "Nocturne", the episode is meant to be "an extreme version of the Clark story". As Gough explains, "Here's a kid with a condition, whose parents literally lock him in the basement. It's an extreme parenting episode—contrasting how these parents deal with Byron, and how the Kents deal with Clark." The episode also dealt with Clark's fallibility, in the fact that Clark is only a teenager, and he does not always have all of the facts; just because he thinks he is doing the right thing does not necessarily mean that he is. In this case, Clark believes that he is saving Byron from his abusive parents. Gough clarifies, "doing what he thinks is right, but ultimately unleashes the kid, and [Byron causes damage. Just because you have the power and you think you're right doesn't always mean you're taking the right course of action." Another "what if" episode was "Witness", which originally came from the concept, "what if Clark witnessed a crime and had to testify in court as to why he was standing in the middle of the road at 2 o'clock in the morning?" In the end, the court angle was dropped from the storyline, with Clark making an anonymous phone call to the Sheriff and eventually having to battle the three kryptonite powered thieves that he had witnessed stealing.
"Witness" is not the only episode to be altered from its original concept. "Dichotic" began, in its early stages, as a story about a news reporter who had the ability—thanks to kryptonite—to split himself in half. The reporter would create the news at the same time that he was filming it. Ken Biller and Mark Verheiden discussed a teaser that involved the reporter pushing someone out of a window and as the body plummeted to the ground the audience saw the same person reporting the news as it happened. The main story would focus on the reporter attempting to assassinate Lex Luthor, but it eventually evolved into what Biller refers to as "a metaphor on trying to super-achieve at high school". In the revamped version, a high school student uses his ability to duplicate himself so that he can take classes in high school and at the community college at the same time, in an effort to win a LuthorCorp scholarship and go to the university of his dreams. With Jonathan Taylor Thomas playing the over-achieving student, the character of Ian Randall was also used to stir up the Lana-Clark-Chloe triangle. Beeman explains that a problem exists in developing new storylines involving the characters: "We want the characters we're familiar with, and on the other , you have to search for ways to change them up." Even the ending was altered during filming, as both copies of Ian were to fall over the edge of a bridge; then, as the two Ians fall they touch each other's fingers slowly fusing together before hitting the ground. The team was so impressed with Thomas's performance they opted to keep the character alive.
The twenty-second episode of the season, "Calling", initially had a different opening sequence involving Clark and Lana. In the original version, Clark and Lana were staying up late to watch a comet through Clark's telescope. Through the dialogue exchange between Clark and Lana, there was supposed to be a correlation between the arrival of the comet and Clark and Lana's relationship status. The comet also signified the arrival of Jor-El, Clark's biological father, and Clark's departure from Smallville. Unfortunately, the effect for the comet was expensive, and if they cut the comet they had to cut the dialogue because it would have made no sense if you could not see the comet. Instead, the scene was rewritten to be about Lana visiting Clark at midnight to celebrate his birthday.
Filming.
The first episodes filmed for season two was actually the sixth episode aired; "Redux" finished principal photography shortly after filming for "Tempest" ended, which was just before the crew went on their summer break. With "Redux" filming directly after the season one finale, the cast and crew were required to forgo the immediateness of their summer break so they could film; it was not aired in season two until the sixth scheduled airdate because of complications that arose after filming had ended. During the summer hiatus, after director Chris Long finished working on his cut of the film, it was decided the episode needed more visual effects. Since the shots were not originally planned, Entity FX, the show's special effects contractor, had to create completely new shots.
The production crew attempted to use money saving techniques when it came time to film scenes in locations other than the usual spots—the Kent farm, Luthor mansion, Smallville High, and the Talon. For instance, the Kent barn was redesigned as Dr. Hamilton's lab for the final climax in "Duplicity". When it came time to create the Kawatche caves for "Skinwalker", the production crew built on a sound stage in Vancouver. The team created movable pieces, which allowed them to rearrange the set, and give the effect that it was larger than it really was. The production team also used sandstone to give the impression that the caves may have once been a riverbed, and thus allowing the crew to not have to worry about putting a ceiling on the set.
When the crew cannot get away with using a sound stage they have to scout actual locations that reflect a similar look to what needs to be filmed; sometimes those on-location shots create problems for the crew. Pitt Meadows, in the Fraser Valley east of Vancouver, subbed for the Indonesian landscape the crew needed for the sequence of Whitney Fordman's ultimate demise during battle "Visage". This location presented its own problems for the crew, as the swampy waters of the river slowed production as well as the limited daylight available—in November, there is only six hours of daylight in the Pitt Meadow's region. The crew had to return eight days before the scheduled airdate for the episode in order to shoot close-ups of Whitney and the rest of the soldiers. The location that was scouted for the river scene, where Emily Dinsmore pushes Lana off a bridge and into a river, became problematic on the first day of shooting. The river had become too dangerous to shoot the water scenes, so they simply tied Kreuk to a safety line and had Jodelle Micah Ferland (Emily) push her over the edge, but without her actually going into the water. They moved the set to a sound stage where they filmed Kreuk's remaining scenes—where Tom Welling dives into the river to save her—in a water tank.
For season two’s "Rosetta", the crew was presented with a dilemma that required the help of television producer John Wells, that was the guest starring of Christopher Reeve. Because of the expense of flying Reeve to Vancouver, Greg Beeman and Tom Welling flew to New York to "bring Smallville to him". This is where Wells lent his hand, as he allowed the "Smallville" crew to film Reeve's scenes on the set of NBC's "Third Watch", similar to how he allowed them to use his "West Wing" set for season one’s "Hourglass". The decision to go to New York was also made because Reeve used a wheelchair and required much assistance when he traveled. Although James Marshall directed the episode, for Reeve's scenes in New York the "Smallville" crew sent Greg Beeman as a stand-in director. Beeman was accompanied by Al Gough, Tom Welling and Mat Beck.
There was initial concern about Reeve's stamina for shooting the scenes, as his particular scene with Welling was six pages long, which translates to approximately twelve hours of work day. Beeman tried to design everything so that it was as simple as possible, but Reeve quickly readjusted the scene. Beeman originally had Welling walk into frame and stand in front of Reeve, and then make a single move behind Reeve. Beeman was told, by Reeve, that the scene needed more dynamic between the characters, and if Welling only made a single move then the dynamic would be lost. According to Reeve, "Tom moving around me will hide the fact that I'm unable to move." Beeman's fear of overstretching Reeve’s stamina, because of the added shots to the scene, were put to rest when Reeve himself stated that it did not matter how long it took to finish the scene, as long as it turned out great. Reeve filmed all twelve hours in one stretch, and then went on to hold a press conference, as well as a public service announcement following his scenes.
At times, production designer David Willson has to build entire sets, or props for sets, from scratch instead of finding an available alternative. For "Witness", David Willson found an abandoned warehouse to use for the scene where Clark is thrown into a furnace by the three kryptonite-powered thieves. In the warehouse, Willson built a , blast furnace. In "Visitor", David Willson and his production crew built a "practical, functioning" tower for the scene in the woods where Cyrus attempts to call for his alien transport. Willson's inspiration came while working on Love Field, starring Denzel Washington and Michelle Pfeiffer. While working on the project, Willson met a man named Bowler Simpson, who had built a memorial, to his deceased daughter, out of old license plates and STOP signs. Willson used this image when constructing Cyrus's tower. Even though the tower was physically built, Entity FX still stepped in to create 2-D light beams located on the tower. Willson also likes to add elements to his sets that correlate thematically with the episode, like in "Red", where Clark is exposed to red kryptonite. Here, Willson emphasized the "red theme"; working with director Jeff Woolnough, Willson tried to make sure there was something red "popping-out" to catch the audiences' attention in each scene. This would include red objects in the foreground and background, as well as red lenses added to the cameras. Going along with the theme of colors in the show, Metropolis was given a "glass and steel and blue wash of color" for the look of the city. The crew found a new building in Vancouver, which was not yet occupied, and turned it into LuthorCorp plaza. By coincidence, the building sat neighboring the Marine Building, which Gough and Millar had always seen as becoming the "Daily Planet" building for the series, as the Marine Building held an "art deco structure from the 1930s" they felt embodied what their version of the "Daily Planet" would look like.
Flashback sequences became an important element in two episodes this season, "Lineage" and "Suspect". Greg Beeman, who directed "Lineage", worked off the same inspiration as Ken Biller, who used John Sayles’ "Lone Star" when writing the flashback sequences for the episode. Beeman tried to visually shift from the present to past without any effects shots; this included changing night to day in the same shot, and removing/inserting actors from shots when they were out of the view of the camera. In his directorial debut, Ken Biller was met with the challenge of creating flashbacks for all the scenes that retold the event of the attack on Lionel. Biller had already seen Beeman’s take on flashback scenes from his work on "Lineage", but Biller wanted to do something different. Alongside director of photography Glen Winter, Biller opted to shoot all the flashback sequences on 16 mm color reversal film, which would give the flashbacks a "grainy, dirty look" that Biller thought gave an interesting quality to the flashback scenes.
Digital effects.
A big part of the "Smallville" series relies on the effects it delivers, whether digital (CGI), physical, or special make-up effects. The effects shots, part of the post-production work, were originally developed and added in Los Angeles. At the start of season two, Entity FX, which is based in Santa Monica, California, became the primary special effects team. One of the first jobs the team had was creating the tornado that would suck up Lana in the season two opener, as well as creating the truck that would disintegrate around her as the winds from the tornado pulled it apart. Mat Beck, the visual effects supervisor, describes the effects used to create the tornado as being similar to the techniques used to create the Balrog in the "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy. For the scene of Lana's truck spinning around in the tornado, Mat Beck used "animated sprites of real smoke that flew around following particles". Visual effects supervisor John Wash filmed debris hanging from a green screen, like loose straw and mailboxes, which he would "swirl around" the stage. The truck was then built on a computer by Jon Han, who created individual pieces—engine block, fenders, and other similar parts—that he would rip off to give the appearance of the truck breaking apart. Welling and Kreuk were filmed with tracking marks, which the computer used to line up the digital truck around them.
When Entity FX took over the duties of creating the digital effects for the series, they also took over the challenge of crafting effects that would illustrate Clark’s super-powered abilities, including the new "heat vision" that was introduced this season. The visual effects for heat vision evolved over the course of the first season, until Gough and Millar agreed on one that reflected their image of what heat vision should look like; they did not want the usual "red beams" or "laser vision". The visuals developed from the idea that they wanted Clark to be able to use it in front of people without them being able to see it. What emerged was a "heat ripple" from "distorting the frame". John Wash explains what the creators were looking for:"and Millar wanted to be fairly accurate in terms of what you might see from something that was searingly hot traveling through the air, like a disturbance of the atmosphere. We keyed our research off the little ripples that you see if a light goes past a hotplate and reflects on a wall. We used a computer to create a conical version of that effect that could emanate from Clark's eyes, in combination with a little effect." They used "blobs of heat vision" instead of "constant rays" for the first instances of Clark using his ability, in an effort to simulate Clark's attempts to control it. A couple of episodes later in "Red", the special effects team would use similar techniques for red kryptonite. To illustrate red kryptonite’s effect on Clark, and it releasing his inhibitions, the special effects team crafted digital effects in his eyes. Brian Harding tweaked the effects they were already using for Clark’s heat vision, giving them a "little devilish, hellish red flicker" in Clark’s iris. To help illustrate Clark’s super speed, Mat Beck and his team would slow down and speed up background settings in a single shot. For example, in "Ryan", when Clark speeds up to the camera everything else slows to a stop—leaves stop blowing and birds are frozen in mid-flight—then everything begins moving normally as Clark races away from the camera. Entity FX also adds a blurring effect to Clark's body, as well as a distortion to the background to help further illustrate the speed at which Clark travels.
In "Accelerate", Entity FX was able to create a visual effect of Clark superspeeding through the rain—something Gough and Millar had wanted to see since season one—that eventually won them a Visual Effects Society award. Gough and Millar had always wanted to see Clark superspeeding through a rain shower, but "the opportunity, money" never presented itself, until now. Entity FX had an extended period of time to research the kinetics of the cemetery scene, where Clark would speed through rain drops, because there were limited effects done for the episodes "Precipice" and "Witness". Using HoudiniTM, Mat Beck and his team began creating their digital raindrops: "Each raindrop can be thought of as a lens, as a mirror, and an object in itself. The entire backdrop is refracted through it like a lens, and the area behind the camera is being reflected in it. By adjusting those parameters, we were able to give it a brilliant jewel-like magical quality." When trying to decide on the shape of the raindrops, Beck explains: "We figured that round drops weren't that interesting, and teardrop ones looked a little silly and over the top, so we settled on this round diamond shape." Entity FX created "collision events" as Clark ran through the raindrops, breaking them up. Beck remembered watching the cars on the freeway, during a rainstorm, "throwing up these loose trails of spray". Eli Jarra added a similar mist trail to Clark as he ran through the cemetery to give a more realistic effect, although Beck admits to taking a few liberties with the final look of the mist. Occasionally, Mat Beck and his team have to stretch the limits of the realistic physics they try and create when illustrating Clark’s abilities. While creating the alley scene in "Prodigal" where Lucas Luthor is attacked by an assassin with an Uzi 9mm, Mat Beck had to "cheat" the realism on the special effects used. First, the length of the alley is exaggerated in order to create enough time to show Clark stopping the bullets from hitting Lucas. Based on the calculations of how fast an Uzi 9 mm fires, and the muzzle velocity, they estimated that the bullets would be approximately twenty to thirty feet apart; four alleys would have been needed for Clark to catch up to all of the bullets in time. Second, the bullets themselves were enlarged so that audiences would be able to see them.
Apart from creating the effects for Clark’s powers, Entity FX also has the responsibility of dressing up the backgrounds of location shoots. For instance, in a flashback sequence from "Lineage", where Lionel finds his son in a field of flattened corn, Entity FX had to step in and adjust the scene based on executive producer Ken Horton’s request. The script called for "corn flattened as far as the eye could see", but Horton wanted a defined stopping point for all the destruction; a wall of corn was digitally erected surrounding the area of trammeled corn stalks. For the final shot of the season finale, where Clark is on a motorcycle heading toward Metropolis, Entity FX had to remove the forests and mountains that occupy the Vancouver landscape and digitally insert hills, extend the road into the distance and create a digital version of Metropolis in the background. In the episode "Insurgence", during the moment when Clark is about to make his leap from the "Daily Planet" to LuthorCorp, the camera pans around the "Daily Planet" globe revealing Metropolis in its reflection before shifting down to the roof as Clark walks out. Entity FX created the image of Metropolis by using a computer to combine CG buildings, matte paintings, and real elements from the Vancouver streets. The company also took over the rest of the visual elements for the shot of Clark's actual leap. After Welling was shot on a green screen performing the leap from the "Daily Planet", Entity FX performed their usual slowing and quickening of the timing elements, to give the effect of Clark’s speed, as well as added a reflected version of Clark in the LuthorCorp building to illustrate Clark’s impending crash through the glass.
Sometimes the cleanup is a last minute job that could not be completed during production. In "Fever", time constraints forced the production team to rely on Entity FX to create the Talon marquee that hangs outside of the building, something that they typically do not do. While filming the shots in Hamilton's lab that involved kryptonite, the special effects team had to go in during post-production for "Duplicity" and make the kryptonite glow, because the material used in production to make the kryptonite glow did not photograph well. A last minute change in the storyline for "Skinwalker" required Entity FX to digitally adjust the opening teaser. In the original scene that was filmed, a wolf watched the aftermath of an explosion at the LuthorCorp construction site. It was decided that the wolf would watch the explosion as it happened, so Entity FX had to go back to the scene and recompose it. Hiding the head of the trainer who was holding onto the wolf, Entity FX digitally corrected the color composition and the lighting around the wolf so that it appears as though the explosion was occurring right in front of the wolf.
For the episode "Nocturne", Entity FX ran into a snag when it came time to create the image of the episode's villain grabbing hold of a LuthorCorp helicopter. Mat Beck did not want to "cheat" the audience by using a cut technique to show Byron holding the helicopter; instead, Entity FX used CGI to create an entire helicopter. From there they decided they wanted the helicopter blades to cut-up the hedges. The special effects team tried to track Sean Faris' hands, as he was holding onto a crossbar that represented the helicopter's skid, to find a spot where they could make the helicopter roll toward the hedge. Unfortunately, Faris did not move in a manner that they could use, so the effects team created a pair of CGI hands on the skid, and performed the action they needed with the computer model. In "Dichotic", guest star Jonathan Taylor Thomas plays Ian Randall, a high school student who can duplicate himself. To create the effect of Ian splitting himself, Entity FX used three difference techniques. First, the primary shot of a CGI face pushing its way through a digital image of Thomas' back in three dimension; second, the team used "shadowplay", which is a two dimensional shot appearing on a wall as though the audience is seeing Ian's shadow as he splits himself; last, the team applied another two dimensional effect to the final moment of separation, when strands of CGI flesh snap back to each body. Entity FX worked on the scene in "Fever" where the audience follows kryptonite particles down into Martha's lungs. Mat Beck and his team wanted to be as realistic as possible when digitally crafting the anatomy of the lungs, but they also decided to take certain liberties with the structures in order to "make look cool". The camera follows the green kryptonite particles down Martha's throat, until they attack the alveoli, which subsequently begin turning green.
The season finale required numerous computer-generated imagery. At the start of the episode, Jor-El's disembodied voice talks to Clark through the spaceship. For this scene, Entity FX created a completely computer-generated model of the ship, because the ship had to transform into multiple objects as the scene progressed, creating it digitally was the best option. Later in the episode, when Clark refuses to leave Smallville, Jor-El brands him with a Kryptonian tattoo. Brian Harding worked on the tattoo that is placed on Clark's chest, creating an effect based on the idea that it appeared to burn from the inside. For the same scene, Beck and his team had to digitally create a bare chest for Welling's stunt double, who had to wear a shirt to hide the safety harness he was wearing when they dropped him in the moment Clark is released from the ship's hold.
In order to escape his father, Clark decides to use a kryptonite key to destroy his spaceship. When Clark puts the kryptonite key into the spaceship, Beck and his FX team tried to create a "virus/fungus" growth from the key slot to simulate "some sort of fractal decay". Mike McCormick worked specifically on the process of destroying the ship, giving the ship the appearance that it has a "nasty skin infection" that is spreading as if it is caught in the circulatory system. Next, Beck had to tackle the problem of the ship's final destruction. Originally, it was intended to have the ship explode, but no one wanted to have to rebuild the Kent farm. Instead, they settled on a giant EMP wave given off by the ship the moment it is destroyed. Entity FX created a beam of light that shot vertically up from the ship's location and then fell back down expanding into a "ripple that spread across the land". This beam of light would create a crater where the storm cellar was, which was dug prior to filming and digitally covered up so as to keep the illusion. One of the final shots of the episode was of Lex watching as his plane crashed into the ocean. In a homage to Robert Zemeckis's "Cast Away", Entity FX crafted a digital effect of the ocean water flooding Lex's plane as it hits the ocean. The scene is reminiscent of the same scene in "Cast Away" where Tom Hanks's character also watches as the ocean water floods his plane as he crash lands in the ocean.
Physical effects.
Sometimes the digital effects are not necessary, even when they are expected. For the scene where Joe Morton suffers a fatal seizure, the crew used an under-crank shooting technique, to speed up the movements of Morton's character, coupled with Morton's own shaking. In "Precipice", John Wash assisted the digital effects team when the production crew was filming a scene that was going to involve Clark X-raying a car with a group of teenagers in it. To achieve the effect of Clark X-raying a SUV, John Wash had all the actors in the SUV sit on apple boxes to get them at the representative height they would be in the SUV. The actors then went through all the motions they needed in order to "sell the X-ray effect". For season two, John Wash added prosthetic veins to Welling's hands, which would move when he moved, to help simulate the kryptonite poisoning his character would undergo. Then, in post-production, Entity FX would add a green hue to them, and digitally hide the prosthetics when Clark was not affected by the kryptonite; in the first season, there were no physical prosthetics and all effects were done digitally.
Apart from digital, the physical effects performed in "Smallville" are key, especially when dealing with the villains that Clark must fight in each episode. In "Nocturne", a teenage boy named Byron is transformed into a monster with superhuman strength. To demonstrate Byron's strength, the stunt team did a fifty-five foot "chuck", where Bryon throws Clark across the front lawn. To accomplish the task they connected a wire to the stunt man's back, so when Bryon hits "Clark" they can use a crane and hydraulic system, positioned one hundred feet in the air, to pull the stunt man. Twenty-five feet into the pull the wire is released and the stunt man flies the rest of the distance to the landing pad. In "Visage", the bone-morphing Tina Greer returns disguised as Whitney Fordman. When she learns that Lana wants Clark she decides to become Clark. The real Clark confronts Tina, which results in a physical fight between the two Clarks. The fight sequence between the two Clarks originally had more choreographed shots, but had to be cut down to five actions, as the fight sequence was pushing twenty minutes. For the scene, Welling performed all of his stunts alongside his usual stunt double, Christopher Sayour, who doubled as the "second Clark" in the sequence. For the actual stunt of leaping from the Daily Planet to the LuthorCorp building, the production team hooked Welling to a "parallelogram" on the studio greenscreen stage, and then filmed him running across a platform and leaping into the air. The parallelogram rig floated him in midair as he went over the building sill and began his downward trajectory. Although Welling did the initial stunt, his stunt double took over the chore of sliding through the glass as it explodes on contact. Welling is not the only actor to perform his own stunts. Kristin Kreuk performed her own stunts for the bridge scene in "Dichotic", where she had to hang above the river. Her willingness to perform her own stunts saved the team money on greenscreen effects, or stunt doubles that would have been used in her place. Though the cost of using a greenscreen was saved, Entity FX still had to digitally remove all the wire harnesses from the scene, which is an effect that goes unnoticed in the final product of the majority of episodes.
The team had two effects with vehicles that did not perform as originally planned. The first, in "Rush", involved a scene where Pete and Chloe intentionally drive their car off a cliff and Clark speeds in to catch it before it hits the ground. To attain the shot of Clark catching Pete’s car required the crew to suspend the car from a crane with Sam Jones III and Allison Mack inside the car. The scene was filmed in a rock quarry, as there are not many cliffs in the Vancouver area, with segments of the scene created digitally. The car was then filmed as it was being pulled into the air backwards—the footage was then reverse to give the impression that it was falling. Initially, Mike Walls and his crew tried to pull the car straight up, but it was not working. The movement of the car had to be tweaked to give a sense of reality. In the season finale, Jonathan and Martha crash their truck on their way home after an EMP blast, which Clark caused, sends a shock wave out that downs a telephone pole and their truck hits it. In order to get the Kent truck to roll for the moment where Jonathan and Martha encounter the wave of EMP, two stunt drivers drove the truck toward a collapsed telephone pole, skidding into it. Then, with mannequins in the truck for safety, the effects team wrapped some cables around the truck and launched it off a ratchet to make it roll. Unfortunately, this did not go as smoothly as planned the first time, as the telephone pole did not fall when they set off the explosive charge to break it. Since it would be too hard to strap John Schneider and Annette O'Toole into the truck while it is upside down, and too dangerous to flip the truck with them already in it, Mike Walls and his team built a rotating truck seat, which allowed them to strap Schneider and O’Toole in, then rotate the seat so that they are upside down and slide that into the overturned truck.
Tie-in.
Beginning during this season, Allison Mack's character, Chloe Sullivan, starred in a promotional tie-in series, "Smallville: Chloe Chronicles". An internet based mini-episode, which wrapped up "unfinished business" from the television series. In this first volume, Chloe investigates events which led to the death of Earl Jenkins, who held Chloe and her friends hostage at the LuthorCorp plant in the first season episode "Jitters". It aired between April 29 and May 20, 2003, and was exclusive to AOL subscribers.
Reception.
Ratings for "Smallville"s second season were up 23% from the same point last year. It also surpassed "7th Heaven" as The WB's most popular show. Gough contributes much of the second season's success to the family dynamic between Clark and his parents, whose emotional core provided a large part of the appeal, as was the move away from the overused "freak of the week" story lines. Gough stated, "Most of the time (on TV), the kids are smart, the parents are clueless and they never talk to each other. Ours is the antithesis of that. He turns to them and relies on their guidance." "Smallville"'s adjustment proved successful, as the second season averaged 6.3 million viewers, up from 5.9 million viewers in season one. That was also a move to #113 overall in the Nielsen ratings, up from #115 the year before. The season's fourth episode, "Red", the season's seventeenth episode "Rosetta", and the season finale, "Exodus", were selected in The Futon Critic's 50 best episodes of 2002 and 2003, respectively. "Red" placed 9th, while "Rosetta" placed 22nd, and "Exodus" placed 35th.
The season received mostly favorable reviews. IGN's Jeremy Conrad, gave the second season a score of 8.7/10, stating it was "a clear improvement over season This season has better pacing, more interesting story arcs, better special effects, and more importantly, better episodes." When referring to Christopher Reeve's guest appearance on the show, the review went as far as calling it "the best [episode the show has delivered in its current lifespan... Reeve is the best special guest star yet." Another review called the show "excellent" and called the acting of Tom Welling, Michael Rosenbaum and Kristin Kreuk "phenomenal". Jennifer Contino from Sequential Tart, a comic-book website, observed that the season was more about "the characters and their relationships", rather than the show's reputable "villain-of-the-week" style. She complimented the red kryptonite that the season introduced into the series, stating, "It's fun to see heroes turn bad or see the good guy become a little tarnished or confused."
Awards.
The visual effects team was recognized by the Visual Effects Society with a 2004 VES Award for Outstanding Compositing in a Televised Program, Music Video or Commercial, for the work they did on "Accelerate". That same year, they won the Outstanding Matte Painting in a Televised Program, Music Video, or Commercial award for "Insurgence". In the 2003 Teen Choice Awards, Tom Welling and Kristin Kreuk were nominated for Choice TV Actor and Actress; Allison Mack and Michael Rosenbaum were both nominated for Choice Sidekick, and the series was nominated for Choice TV – Action/Adventure. In 2004, "Rosetta" was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, and actress Jodelle Ferland was nominated for a Young Artist Award for her portrayal of Emily Dinsmore in "Accelerate". For the 29th Annual Saturn Awards, Tom Welling and Kristin Kreuk received nominations for Best Actor/Actress, Michael Rosenbaum and John Glover both received a nomination for Best Supporting Actor, and the second season was nominated for Best Network Television Series. The DVD release won the Saturn Award for Best DVD Television Release.
Home media release.
The complete second season of "Smallville" was released on May 18, 2004 in North America. Additional releases in region 2 and region 4 took place on September 17, 2004 and January 1, 2005, respectively. The DVD box set included various special features, including episode commentary, "The Chloe Chronicles", a featurette on the special effects of "Smallville", and a documentary on Christopher Reeve's involvement this season.

</doc>
<doc id="2866505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866505" title="Smyth Station">
Smyth Station

Smyth Transitway Station is a bus-stop on Ottawa's transitway served by OC Transpo buses. It is located in the south-eastern transitway section at Riverside Drive and Smyth Road.
Most of its users come from the six apartment highrises in face of it and the business area on nearby Alta Vista Drive, because of the Rideau River behind the station and a train line on the other side of the apartments.
Service.
The following routes serve Smyth Station:<br>
4
40 41 43
87 97 98 
99
106
116
118
140
146 148 149
199
451
Note: Route 106 is also available on Smyth Road, just south of Smyth Station.

</doc>
<doc id="2866509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866509" title="Smallville (season 3)">
Smallville (season 3)

Season three of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on October 1, 2003. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The third season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 19, 2004. Regular cast members during season three include Tom Welling, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Sam Jones III, Allison Mack, John Glover, Annette O'Toole and John Schneider.
Season three follows Clark's constant fight against the destiny that his biological father, Jor-El, has in-store for him, and his guilt over the price Jonathan paid to bring him back to Smallville. Lex deals with the psychological breakdown he had when stranded on a deserted island, while the conflict between him and his father comes to a final blow. Clark's secret begins to weigh heavily on Pete, and the relationship between Clark and Lana hits a dead end. Writers also brought in several DC Comics characters, Maggie Sawyer, Morgan Edge, and most notably Perry White, in special guests spots.
After spending its first two seasons airing on Tuesday nights at 9/8C "Smallville" was moved to Wednesday nights and aired an hour earlier at 8/7C for the third season. Season three dipped in the ratings, averaging 4.9 million viewers a week.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
Going into season three, the "Smallville" crew wanted to establish two main themes, which were the consequences of Clark running from his destiny, and Lex taking steps toward "the dark side". One of the consequences the creative team attempted to show for Clark was his distancing himself from his friends. Season three was also about showing just how evil Lionel is – illustrated by how he attempts to destroy Chloe’s life and make Lex believe that he is going insane. In order to get better performances from the actors in each individual episode, the crew would often limit the detail an actor knew about their character. Meeting just at the beginning of the year to discuss the plans for the actor’s respective roles, usually the actors would only find out precisely what their characters were going to do when the scripts arrived. Other times, an actor might be given a specific piece of character development and told to keep it a secret from the rest of the cast.
Writing.
Series developers Al Gough and Miles Millar wanted to set up Lex’s "mental illness" early in the season, as it would be something that Lionel would take advantage of in later episodes of season three. In order to accomplish what they wanted, Gough and Millar introduced Lex’s imaginary friend "Louis", who appeared on the deserted island with Lex following his plane crash in the season two finale. They had Rosenbaum pull what they referred to as the ""Fight Club" gag", where he believes that he is fighting Louis, but in reality he has been fighting himself the entire time. This would culminate in the episode "Shattered", where, as Mark Verheiden explains, the episode was set up like something out of the film "Gaslight", where the audience believes that Lex is being driven insane.
The final scene in "Exile", which extended into the opening act of "Phoenix", was the establishment of a storyline that would run the course of the third season, and even extend further into season five. The storyline involved Jonathan making a deal with Clark’s biological father, Jor-El, to be given powers strong enough to bring Clark back home; the result was a heart attack for Jonathan later in the season, whose body could not handle the powers. Gough and Millar wanted to be able to provide answers for certain aspects of the Superman mythology, in this case it was Jonathan’s heart condition. According to writer/executive producer Mark Verheiden, the idea of having Jonathan suffer a heart attack came to the writing team in season one. The story was almost used in season two’s "Fever", but they finally settled on an appropriate story in season three that would tie Jonathan directly to Jor-El when he made a deal to bring Clark home that would eventually lead to a heart attack in the episode "Hereafter".
The writing staff wanted to touch on the fact that even though Clark has all of these powers he cannot save everyone, as well as expanding on the idea of Clark’s continual feeling of isolation. "Asylum" served to remind Clark that he cannot save everyone when he fails to stop Lionel from giving Lex electric shock therapy, which ultimately erases seven weeks of Lex’s memory that includes his knowledge that Lionel murdered his own parents. Like season two’s "Ryan", Clark is faced with the reality that he is not "God", and that he will fail to save people from time to time.
The episode "Forsaken" was designed to set up many of the plot points in the season finale, particularly those dealing with Clark’s feeling of isolation, specifically that of Pete and Lana’s departure from Smallville. Next to establishing a heart condition for Jonathan, the team also wanted to address the idea of Clark’s mortality, or lack-thereof. The concept in "Hereafter" of Clark possibly never dying came from an idea that sprouted after season one’s "Hourglass". In "Hourglass", Cassandra Carver, a blind elderly woman who can see the future of the person she touches, shows Clark a future where he is surrounded by the tombstones of everyone he loves. For "Hereafter", Jordan Cross can see the moment of death for anyone he touches; when Jordan touches Clark he does not see Clark’s death, only a billowing red cape. According to Verheiden, they wanted to illustrate how Clark's alien heritage put him on a different plane of existence, and allowed him to alter destiny.
The idea to use Superman’s cape, which came from Miles Millar, to represent Clark’s "cosmic lifespan" came after much discussion on what to actually use. Ideas were thrown around, including a shot of Lex dumping kryptonite on Clark, as he is lying down, killing him. Ultimately they went with Millar’s idea, which they saw as this "great iconic moment", because the audience finally sees their first glimpse of Superman’s costume. Superman’s cape was not the only iconic imagery used during the third season. The episode "Whisper" not only introduced a new superpower for Clark, his super hearing, but allowed the writing staff the opportunity to provide a sort of "in-joke" to the audience. The team wrote in a gag where Clark wears a pair of eyeglasses, a staple of his disguise later in life while working at the "Daily Planet". In the episode, an accident with Clark’s heat vision causes him to go blind; as his eyes heal, he is forced to wear a pair of prescription eyeglasses until he fully regains his sight. "Perry" would introduce Clark’s future boss, and editor of the "Daily Planet", Perry White. This episode would also serve as the point where Clark finally learns that his powers are caused by the radiation from Earth’s yellow Sun.
Early ideas.
Jonathan’s heart attack was not the only element that originated during the filming of season one. The use of kryptonite bullets was shelved during season one for a later date because of the limited number of episodes they are able to produce each season, as well as the writers wanting to find "the right moment" to use this particular plot element. They ultimately settled on season three’s "Extinction", about a teenager seeking revenge against everyone infected by the meteors. "Extinction" featured a tie-in with a season two episode; Van McNulty’s reason for killing meteor-infected individuals is based on the fact that his father was killed by the bone-morphing Tina Greer in "Visage", when she impersonated Whitney Fordman. Van’s father was the military personnel that came to the Fordman house to inform Whitney’s mother that he had been killed in action. "Relic" was another episode that featured an element first thought up back in the first season, which was the use of the same actors to play both their present day characters and their characters’ distant relatives in flashback sequences. It was not used because the crew felt that the audience needed to have more time to become involved with the characters that are featured on the show on a regular basis.
"Velocity" also began its life as an idea being tossed around during season one. The team thought about having an episode devoted to small town drag racing, as it was a problem in the Vancouver area while they were filming season one. The story was eventually used in season three, when the writing staff was looking for a reason to exploit the changing friendship between Clark and Pete. According to Verheiden, they wanted a moment where Pete could release his feelings to Clark, and the jealousy he has over Clark spending more time with Lex and Lana. The episode featured the moment when the friendship between Clark and Pete "fractured a bit". "Obsession" featured a scene first thought up in season two’s "Visage", which called for the use of lead paint to block the effects of kryptonite on Clark when Tina Greer trapped him in the storm cellar with Lana’s kryptonite necklace. The scene was rewritten to have Clark’s spaceship save him, and used later in "Obsession", where Clark and Chloe use lead paint to trap the teleporting Alicia Baker.
Story alterations.
As the episode development progressed, the writing staff found that not all of their original ideas fit as well as they first thought. When this happens, the staff is forced to change aspects of an episode in order to save time, better develop characters, or stay in line with the rest of the season. For example, in the original script for "Whisper" the thieves who try and rob the jewelry store were going to be father and son. Clark was also originally going to be blind until the end of "Whisper". The team decided that "it wasn’t going to be too satisfying to watch", so Clark received his sight back midway through the episode. The original script for "Velocity" had Clark and Pete playing basketball at the end of the episode, as if nothing had happened. This was revised to have Pete apologize to Clark for forcing him to abuse his powers, and having Clark question whether the two could ever have the same friendship they once had. "Resurrection" originally featured the character of Garrett bonding with Clark over Jonathan’s heart condition, as Garrett’s father—later changed to his brother—was dying. As the episode progresses, elements of the story were changed and Garrett drifted from being sympathetic to being a darker character who was eventually killed by a police sniper. In the original draft of "Truth", Mrs. Taylor did not reveal that she had been part of an activist group that had done some illegal activity years earlier, but that she was having an affair with a student. As Gough sees it, using the affair storyline would have created more scenes that would need to be shot in order to effectively tell that part of the episode, and using the concept that Mrs. Taylor had been on the run from the law worked easier for the crew.
One of the bigger changes to the season, and the series as a whole, was the character of Pete Ross being written out of the series. The writers had hoped that having Pete know Clark's secret would make him more of a fundamental piece of the show, but it did not. What ultimately happened was that it led to his character becoming increasingly alienated from the other characters, which resulted in his exit from the show. Although there were no real changes to "Talisman", Gough has stated that he wishes they could go back and redo aspects of the episode, because it failed to provide an "entry point". He believes that if someone had not been watching the show previously, they would not have been able to follow the story; to the random observer the episode was simply about two men, Lionel Luthor and Joseph Willowbrook, searching for an ancient dagger. The episode lacked elements that would bring in a younger audience. Simply speaking, it was "too mythologized".
Filming.
Directing debut.
Season three saw the directing debut of one of the show’s developers, Miles Millar, who got to direct the episode "Memoria". Welling describes Millar’s style as very succinct, to which he credits to Millar’s background of writing for all of the characters on the show. As Welling explains, Millar managed to capture the same effect as other directors, but with fewer words. Millar’s visual style, at least for this episode, tended to lean more to applying "extreme lighting" to the scenes, to create silhouettes of the characters. Miles Millar was inspired by the film "Kings Row" when he filmed the scene for Lex’s birthday party as a child. In the scene, a camera pulls back from a flashback transition to reveal a young Lex sitting alone at a large table full of food and gifts. Instead of using the same techniques that were employed in previous episodes for transitioning between the present and the past, Millar decided to shift between the two time frames by transitioning between the older Lex and the younger Lex. This required Rosenbaum to rely more on Millar’s direction, so that the emotional level was matched between himself and the young actor portraying Lex, Wayne Dalglish. One particular scene seemed to provide Millar with the most trouble, mainly because of the constraints of the film division at Warner Bros. In the scene, Jor-El and Lara are placing the infant Kal-El into his spaceship during Krypton’s final moments. At the time, Warner Bros. was working on a new "Superman" film, and it was going to be an origin story. This affected how much "Smallville" could actually show. The film department prohibited Millar from showing Krypton, or Jor-El and Lara. As a result, Millar took inspiration from a comic book written by Jeph Loeb. In Loeb’s book, Jor-El and Lara are depicted as just a pair of hands holding on to each other after they place Kal-El into his spaceship.
Last minute changes.
As production commences, occasionally the filmmakers find that they have to make last minutes changes to the episode in order to explain certain situations better, or because a better idea came along after they were finished. Sometimes, these last minutes changes will happen shortly before an episode is broadcast. The opening teaser for "Exile" was added approximately one week before the episode aired. The crew wanted to show Clark having fun with his powers while he was on red kryptonite, and the opening they filmed did not illustrate that well enough. The original opening featured Clark buying a car; the new opening showed how he acquired the money to buy the car, which involved him robbing several ATMs. The crew reshot the final scene in "Truth" between Clark and Chloe, where Chloe apologizes for trying to use her recently acquired ability to get the truth out of anyone to dig into Clark’s past. Originally, Clark did not accept her apology, but the crew felt that was too strong, especially since she was under the influence of kryptonite, so they refilmed it with Clark accepting her apology.
The final moment in "Crisis", of Lionel preparing to kill himself, was also added at the last minute. John Glover and the crew filmed the scene during the filming of "Memoria", which occurred a week before "Crisis" was going to air. While filming, Greg Beeman, James Marshall and Miles Millar were all sitting behind the monitors, trying to come up with the cliffhanger ending that was going to be attached to "Crisis". Beeman added the moment where the phone rings, interrupting Lionel from completing his suicide; this was used as the opening for "Legacy" and it all eventually set up Lionel’s terminal liver disease. Another late change, though it was not at the last minute, came for Lionel’s physical appearance on the show. John Glover came up with the idea of cutting Lionel’s hair for the season finale. Glover was busy preparing for a play that he was going to be acting in, and he needed his hair cut for the part. Glover made the suggestion while the crew was filming "Memoria", as well as the idea of setting the scene in prison. Gough admits to needing some kind of device to cut back to while all of the other cliffhangers are occurring—Clark being taken away, the Kryptonian symbol burned into field on the Kent farm, and Lex being poisoned—and he felt that Glover’s suggestion would help them pull off the effect they wanted.
Not all of the last minute changes are about adding new situations to an episode. Ken Horton pulled a scene in "Phoenix" before it aired, which involved Chloe informing Lionel that she will no longer help him dig up information on Clark. He then placed it in "Extinction", which he felt was a better location for it given the events that transpired in "Phoenix". Rutger Hauer was supposed to reprise his role as Morgan Edge for the episode "Shattered", but he had a scheduling conflict that prevented him from returning. Instead, the crew hired Patrick Bergin, and had to rewrite the episode to feature a Morgan Edge who had recently undergone plastic surgery to alter his appearance and voice. One of the reasons for casting Bergin is because the two actors have the same build, lending to the realism that these two actors could portray the same character. Scenes involving Allison Mack and Kristin Kreuk were cut from the episode "Memoria"—with the exception of the opening teaser where Lana finds Lex on the balcony and then informing Clark—as the team felt they were inappropriate for the episode, which stood well on just the story arc involving Clark, Lex and Lionel. This also directed the episode into more of a "mothers and sons" feel that departed from the usual "fathers and sons" tone the show had come to use.
Sets and locations.
With the show being filmed in the Vancouver area, many local industries will substitute for Smallville and Metropolis businesses. For the scene where Clark buys a car with stolen money in "Exile", the production crew converted a local bank lobby into a dealership showroom. The Vancouver YMCA served as a stand-in for the Smallville Medical Center. The interior scenes of Summerholt Institute were shot in a local train-car washing building, so that they had enough room to create and film the tank of kryptonite solution. The set was found early in the production of season three, but the crew could not find a use for it until then. The exterior shots were filmed at an abandoned building owned by the Sierra Wireless Company. The building was a spare built by Sierra Wireless to accommodate their growing company. The flashback sequences filmed in "Memoria", of a young Lex with his infant brother Julian, were shot underneath the St. George's Preparatory School, on a specially designed set by Rob Maier. St. George’s also doubled as Lex’s childhood prep school. The LuthorCorp facility was constructed at an active sewage treatment facility in the Vancouver area. David Willson built the LuthorCorp labs inside the facility’s hallways.
Because of budget constraints, the production crew will often recycle sets to save money. For instance, the hospital corridor for Smallville Medical Center was transformed into Lex’s cell in "Asylum", which was later transformed into the asylum corridor, before finally being morphed into Dr. Teng’s laboratory in later episodes. When the production crew could not afford to rent a local night club, with all of the extras they needed, for more than one night they decided to film all of the wide shots—capturing the three hundred plus extras—on the first night. Then, with their remaining funds, they filmed close-ups of the actors with a limit of fifty extras in the background. When scenes in the season three premiere called for Lex to be stranded on a deserted island, instead of traveling to a beach, the crew found a mountain range in Vancouver that had an area in front of the mountain that resembled a beach. The resemblance was close enough that all they needed to do was bring in some palm trees to complete the aesthetic they were going for. All of the island scenes were shot in one day.
Sometimes the crew cannot get around the creation of a new set, or traveling to a remote location to film scenes for an episode. For instance, the Luthor mansion set was expanded this season. The production crew first began by expanding the second level in Lex’s office, and then exposed the staircase leading up to the second level – it had originally been hidden by a wall. They also added a skylight and inserted lights in the background, giving the room a larger appearance. For scenes in "Legacy" that involved Dr. Swann, the crew traveled with Christopher Reeve to the New York Public Library to film, which was easier for him to journey to. Reeve’s schedule forced the production crew to shoot his scenes a month before the script for the episode was finalized. In season two, the crew was able to use the set of NBC's "Third Watch", courtesy of John Wells, to film Reeve’s scenes. The opening segment for "Truth" where Chloe questions a former co-worker of her father’s about why her father was blacklisted by Lionel Luthor, had to be filmed over two nights; the crew ran out of time the first night because of the weather, so they filmed Mack’s scenes in front of the studio.
Effects.
Physical effects.
Effects are an important element in the production of most episodes, and sometimes those effects must be performed practically. One of the largest stunts for the season was performed in "Exile", where two stunt men were dropped from 300 feet down to eight feet above the ground. The effect was used for the scene where Jonathan and Clark are fighting and fall from Lionel’s office at LuthorCorp. Producer Bob Hargrove petitioned for the scene to be shot with real stuntmen, as opposed to using computer-generated effects, which was an idea that was being tossed around at the time of filming. During another fight scene, Kim Chang and Lorelei Connelly stepped in for Allison Mack and Kristin Kreuk for where Lana and Chloe get into a fight at school. The scene took two full days of shooting to complete, and involved many different angles to be shot. Close-ups of Mack and Kreuk were filmed of them fighting up to the point that a big fall would take place, and then Chang and Connelly would shoot the same actions from a further distance away and continue through the fall. Then, Mack would continue the fight scene with Chang, where they filmed just Allison Mack’s side of the fight. As Mack tumbled over Chang filming would stop, with everyone frozen in their place, and Kreuk would replace Chang in the scene and filming would resume.
Although there are stunt people on the sets for each episode, the cast is more than willing to take on some of the stunt-work themselves. Welling and Schneider performed a lot of their own stunts for the scene where Clark and Jonathan, who now has the powers to take on his son, battle over Clark’s use of the red kryptonite in "Exile". This lent to the filmmakers being able to show more of the two actor’s faces during the scene, which also lends more realism to the audience. As part of the opening scene for "Extinction", which involved Lana being attacked in the school pool, Kreuk spent thirteen hours in the water as they filmed the scene.
Digital effects.
When a practical effect cannot be accomplished, the crew turns to Entity FX to create digital imagery for a given scene. Sometimes this imagery is to substitute action sequences that they cannot do on-site, and other times it is used to create subtle foreground or background effects. For instance, a matte painting is used to establish the Metropolis background, which is composed of buildings from several modern-day cities in addition to Vancouver; they include Singapore and Hong Kong among others. For the scene where Clark rips his shirt open in the phone booth, revealing the tattoo, visual effects were added to the tattoo illuminating it. But in order to add the effects, the middle pane of glass was removed from the phone booth so that the special effects team had a clear line to Welling’s chest; they re-added the middle pane digitally, adding reflections so that it looked natural.
For the end of "Exile", Joey Bratazani and Brian Harding worked on the computer effects shots of the Kryptonian tattoo, which was burned into Clark’s chest at the end of season two, disappearing at the end of Clark’s fight with Jonathan. John Wash describes the effect as being similar to a time-lapse, where you would watch a flower grow, but in the reverse. Bratazani and Harding had to track the effect to Welling’s chest, in order for it to look like his skin was really being burned from underneath; otherwise, the shot would have appeared to be just a 2-dimensional light being broadcast on his chest. Just like the Krpytonian tattoo was something created digitally in season two, so was the digital body duplication of Ian Randall, which the special effects team had the chance to work on for a second time in season three’s "Asylum". For "Asylum", special effects coordinator Mat Beck and his team used 3-dimensional strands for Ian’s separation, which gave the team more control, as well as make the strands appear "gooier and grosser". The original effect in season two consisted of Entity FX using a primary shot of a CGI face pushing its way through a CGI back in three dimensions. This time, the team used a two dimensional shot appearing on a wall—known as "shadow play"—as though the audience is seeing Ian's shadow as he splits himself; lastly, the team applied another two dimensional effect to the final moment of separation, when strands of CGI flesh snap back to each body.
The refusal by the film department to allow "Smallville" to show Jor-El forced the special effects crew to come up with a creative way to display some sort of aid to help the audience visualize this disembodied voice that was supposed to be talking to Jonathan in "Exile". They decided to create a force field around whoever was speaking to Jor-El, which acted as Jor-El’s voice, rippling as he spoke. To save money on this effect, the crew filmed John Schneider on a black backdrop, and Entity FX digitally added the force field around him. Wind machines and a spot light were added to help synthesize the atmosphere in the force field. Another aspect of the Superman mythology appeared in season three’s "Hereafter", and was also created digitally: Superman’s cape. In the scene, Clark is touched by a boy who sees the moment of someone’s death; when he touches Clark he does not see Clark’s death but a cape flapping in the wind. Instead of just shooting a practical cape billowing, the scene was developed entirely by a computer. Created primarily by John Hahn, the idea was to show the cape but not so clearly that it would be obvious to the audience what they were looking at. As Beck explains, "You get a hint of the 'S', but not quite."
A scene in the episode "Crisis", where Adam Knight returns and subsequently shoots Lana in an alley, resulted in Entity FX doing more special effects work on a single scene than is typically performed. To make sure the computer-generated effects matched the set the actors were filming on, Mat Beck left his office in Los Angeles and travelled to the "Smallville" set to work alongside John Wash and John Hahn in constructing the scene. Producer Ken Horton wanted to be able to see the bullet travelling through each of the raindrops as it made its way toward Lana. To accomplish this, the team made the digital bullet larger than normal for better visibility. While filming, a flash zoom was created that would track around Kreuk as she was running, achieving the effect of watching the bullet get fired from the gun, fly through the raindrops, and then as the camera rotates around you see the bullet just as it about to hit Lana before Clark runs in and stops it. This moment in the scene is done in a freeze-frame shot, and the moment Clark stops the bullet everything returns to real time.
The alley scene had to use a lot of computer-generated imagery to accomplish the look that the team needed. The entire alley had to be tracked by the computer in order to make sure that the digital raindrops hit all the objects in the frame, including dumpsters that were visible. In order to achieve the effect of time freezing around Lana just as she is about to get shot and fall to the ground, Kristin Kreuk had to lean against a structural support and hold her body still while filming. Beck and his team had to digitally remove the support from Kreuk, as well as the lower half of her body. They inserted a computer-generated lower half, as well as some hair trailing behind her in order to show that she was in the process of running when time stopped. As time returned to normal, what the audience sees is a completely computer-generated body fall out of frame, as only Lana’s lower half is in frame when time returns to normal.
In another instance involving bullets, Entity FX had the job of digitally creating kryptonite bullets, which were fired at Clark in the episode "Extinction". John Wash and his team discussed ways to make the kryptonite bullets unique in their own right, so they decided that since the bullets were made of kryptonite that they might have some kind of reaction to the atmosphere as they flew through it. The computer effects team then created a "green aura, with a little plasma envelope around the bullet" as it flew through the frame, in slow-motion, toward Clark.
Entity FX also had to create the first instance of Clark’s super hearing, an ability he acquires in the episode "Whisper". As Beck describes the task: "When you talk about someone flying, it’s something we all know, but this is super hearing and we need to see a visual for the hearing." For the effect of showing Clark using his super hearing, Mat Beck and Entity FX decided that they wanted to travel into Clark’s ear and see all the different parts of his eardrum working together to create the sound he is hearing. The task proved difficult to achieve, and Beck asserts that changes will be made to perfect the look of Clark using his super hearing. Clark’s super hearing was originally to be revealed early in the season, but when The WB informed the "Smallville" team that Tarzan, the main character in the studio’s update of the classic legend, also had super hearing the team decided to delay the introduction so that the ability could be used in a manner that surpassed what was shown on Tarzan. Luckily for "Smallville", The WB’s "Tarzan" was canceled before "Whisper" aired, allowing "Smallville" to be the only show on the network with a character who has superhuman hearing.
Tie-ins.
Season three saw the second volume of "Smallville: Chloe Chronicles" get released. After the first volume received positive responses from viewers, the second volume was created as a continuation, but with Sam Jones III appearing as Pete Ross alongside Allison Mack as Chloe. This volume used the "Smallville" comic books as a secondary tie-in to the series. Viewers could watch "Smallville", followed by "Chloe's Chronicles", and finish with the "Smallville" comic book, which would provide an "enhanced backstory to the online segments". Additionally, the "Smallville" producers teamed up with Verizon to provide its registered users the chance to view plot updates—in the form of a press release from "The Daily Planet"—as well as quizzes and games related to the show. As part of the deal, Verizon products and services were placed in various episodes of the show.
Awards.
In 2004, the show was nominated for a Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing in "Exile". The series was recognized by the Visual Effects Society with a 2005 VES Award nomination for Outstanding Compositing for the episode "Crisis". The DVD release of season three won the Saturn Award for Best DVD Television Release.
Home media release.
The complete third season of "Smallville" was released on November 16, 2004 in North America. Additional releases in region 2 and region 4 took place on April 18, 2005 and July 18, 2005, respectively. The DVD box set included various special features, including episode commentary, "The Chloe Chronicles: Volume II", a behind-the-scenes featurette on how they produce the series, and DVD-ROM linking to "Smallville" websites.

</doc>
<doc id="2866512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866512" title="Anti-Masonry">
Anti-Masonry

Anti-Masonry (alternatively called Anti-Freemasonry) is defined as "avowed opposition to Freemasonry". However, there is no homogeneous anti-Masonic movement. Anti-Masonry consists of radically differing criticisms from sometimes incompatible groups who are hostile to Freemasonry in some form.
Early Anti-Masonic documents.
The earliest anti-Masonic document was a leaflet printed in 1698 by a Presbyterian minister named Winter. It reads:
TO ALL GODLY PEOPLE, In the Citie of London.
Having thought it needful to warn you of the Mischiefs and Evils practiced in the Sight of God by those called Freed Masons, I say take Care lest their Ceremonies and secret Swearings take hold of you; and be wary that none cause you to err from Godliness. For this devllish Sect of Men are Meeters in secret which swear against all without ther Following. They are the Anti Christ which was to come leading Men from Fear of God. For how should Men meet in secret Places and with secret Signs taking Care that none observed them to do the Work of GOD; are not these the Ways of Evil-doers?
Knowing how that God observeth privilly them that sit in Darkness they shall be smitten and the Secrets of their Hearts layed bare. Mingle not among this corrupt People lest you be found so at the World's Conflagration.
Political Anti-Masonry.
American Political Anti-Masonry (1830s-1850s).
In 1826, William Morgan disappeared from the small town of Batavia, New York, after threatening to expose Freemasonry's "secrets" by publishing its rituals. His disappearance caused some Anti-masons to claim that he had been kidnapped and murdered by Masons. Morgan's disappearance sparked a series of protests against Freemasonry, which eventually spread to the political realm. Under the leadership of anti-Masonic Thurlow Weed, an Anti-Jacksonist movement became (since Jackson was a Mason) the Anti-Masonic Party. This political Party ran presidential candidates in 1828 and 1832, but by 1835 the party had disbanded everywhere except Pennsylvania.
British Political Anti-Masonry (1990s-current).
In the United Kingdom, Anti-Masonic sentiment grew following the publication of Martin Short's 1989 book, "Inside the Brotherhood (Further Secrets of the Freemasons)". The allegations made by Short led several members of the British Government to propose laws requiring Freemasons who join the police or judiciary to declare their membership publicly to the government amid accusations of Freemasons performing acts of mutual advancement and favour-swapping. This movement was initially led by Jack Straw, Home Secretary from 1997 until 2001. In 1999, the Welsh Assembly became the only body in the United Kingdom to place a legal requirement on membership declaration for Freemasons. Currently, existing members of the police and judiciary in England are asked to voluntarily admit to being Freemasons. However, all first time successful judiciary candidates had to "declare their freemasonry status" before appointment until 2009, when - following a successful challenge in the European Court by Italian Freemasons - Jack Straw accepted that the policy was "disproportionate" and revoked it. Conversely, new members of the police are not required to declare their status.
In 2004, Rhodri Morgan, the First Minister of the Welsh Assembly, in Great Britain, said that he blocked Gerard Elias' appointment to counsel general because of links to hunting and freemasonry, although it was claimed by non-Labour politicians that the real reason was in order to have a Labour supporter, Malcolm Bishop, in the role.
Persecution by Communists.
Soviet Russia outlawed all secret societies, including Masonry, in 1922. At one of the Second International meetings Grigory Zinoviev demanded to purge it of masons. Freemasonry did not exist in the Soviet Union, China, or other Communist states. Postwar revivals of Freemasonry in Czechoslovakia and Hungary were suppressed in 1950.
Persecution under Nazi regime.
Fascists treated Freemasonry as a potential source of opposition. Masonic writers state that the language used by the totalitarian regimes is similar to that used by some modern critics of Freemasonry.
Consistently considered an ideological foe of Nazism in their world perception ("Weltauffassung"), Freemasonic Concentration Camp inmates were graded as "Political" prisoners, and wore an inverted (point down) "red triangle".
In 1943, the Propaganda Abteilung, a delegation of Nazi Germany's propaganda ministry within occupied France, commissioned the propaganda film "Forces occultes". The film virulently denounces Freemasonry, parliamentarianism and Jews as part of Vichy's drive against them and seeks to prove a Jewish-Masonic plot.
The number of Freemasons from Nazi occupied countries who were killed is not accurately known, but it is estimated that between 80,000 and 200,000 Freemasons perished under the Nazi regime. The Government of the United Kingdom established Holocaust Memorial Day to recognise all groups who were targets of the Nazi regime, and counter Holocaust denial. Freemasons are listed as being among those who were targeted.
Iraqi Baathist Anti-Masonry.
In 1980, the Iraqi legal and penal code was changed by Saddam Hussein and the ruling Ba'ath Party, thereby making it a felony to "promote or acclaim Zionist principles, including freemasonry, or who associate with Zionist organizations."
Freemasonry and Patriotism.
Freemasonry has been alleged to hold back its members from fully committing to their nation. Critics claim that compared to Operative Masonry's clear denunciations of treachery, Speculative Masonry (Freemasonry after 1723) was far more ambiguous. The old "Catholic Encyclopedia" alleges that Masonic disapproval of treachery is not on moral grounds but on the grounds of inconvenience to other Masons. It also argues that the adage "Loyalty to freedom overrides all other considerations" justifies treason, and quotes Albert Mackey, who said "... if treason or rebellion were masonic crimes, almost every mason in the United Colonies (America), in 1776, would have been subject to expulsion and every Lodge to a forfeiture of its warrant by the Grand Lodges of England and Scotland, under whose jurisdiction they were at the time".
Freemasonry, however, charges its members that: "In the state you are to be a quiet and peaceful subject, true to your government and just to your country; You are not to countenence disloyalty or rebellion, but patiently submit to legal authority and conform with cheerfulness to the government of the country in which you live."
With this charge in mind, American Freemasons are consistent advocates of the US Constitution, including the separation of church and state, which was seen by the Roman Catholic Church as a veiled attack on the Church's place in public life.
Conspiracy theories.
Due to its secretive nature Freemasonry has long been a target of conspiracy theories in which it is either bent on world domination or already secretly in control of world politics.
Historically, complaints have been made that the Masons have secretly plotted to create a society based on the revolutionary ideals of liberty, equality, fraternity, separation of church and state and (in Nazi Germany) a Jewish plot for religious tolerance. Similarly, some anti-Masons have claimed that Freemasonry is a Jewish front for world domination, or is at least controlled by Jews for this goal. An example of this is the notorious literary forgery "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion". Hitler outlawed Freemasonry partially for this reason. The covenant of the Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas claims that Freemasonry is a "secret society" founded as part of a Zionist plot to control the world.
The earliest document accusing Freemasonry of being involved in a conspiracy was "Enthüllungen des Systems der Weltbürger-Politik" (“Disclosure of the System of Cosmopolitan Politics”), published in 1786. The book claimed that there was a conspiracy of Freemasons, Illuminati and Jesuits who were plotting world revolution. During the 19th Century, this theory was repeated by many Christian counter-revolutionaries, who saw Freemasons as being behind every attack on the existing social system.
There are also many other religious and political conspiracy theories, most regarding the United States government, from claiming all the Presidents as Masons (actually only 14 out of 44 Presidents were Freemasons) or that Masons were involved in the JFK assassination. Many of these theories allude to Masonic symbolism in the architecture of federal buildings or in the street plan of Washington, D.C.
Religious anti-Masonry.
Christian anti-Masonry.
One of the first highly vocal Christian critics of freemasonry was Charles Finney. In his book "The Character, Claims, and Practical Workings of Freemasonry", Finney not only ridicules the masons but also explains why he viewed leaving the association as an essential act 3 years after his conversion to Christianity and entering seminary.
A number of Protestant and Eastern Orthodox denominations discourage their congregants from joining Masonic lodges, although this differs in intensity according to the denomination. Some simply express mild concern as to whether Freemasonry is compatible with Christianity while, at the other extreme, some accuse the fraternity of outright devil worship.
The Roman Catholic Church has, since 1738, prohibited membership in Masonic organizations, citing both political and religious reasons. Until 1983 the penalty for Catholics who joined the fraternity was excommunication. Since that time the punishment has been an interdict, barring the offender from Holy Communion. Although the canonical penalty changed in 1983, the prohibition on membership has not.
Muslim anti-Masonry.
Many Islamic anti-Masonic arguments are closely tied to both Anti-Semitism and Anti-Zionism, though other criticisms are made such as linking Freemasonry to Dajjal. Some Muslim anti-Masons argue that Freemasonry promotes the interests of the Jews around the world and that one of its aims is to rebuild the Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem after destroying the Al-Aqsa Mosque. In article 28 of its Covenant, Hamas states that Freemasonry, Rotary, and other similar groups "work in the interest of Zionism and according to its instructions..." Many countries with a significant Muslim population do not allow Masonic establishments within their jurisdictions. However, countries such as Turkey and Morocco have established Grand Lodges while in countries such as Malaysia, and Lebanon there are District Grand Lodges operating under a warrant from an established Grand Lodge.
External links.
Supportive of Freemasonry.
Academic examinations of Anti-Masonry

</doc>
<doc id="2866514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866514" title="Smallville (season 4)">
Smallville (season 4)

Season four of "Smallville", an American television series, began airing on September 22, 2004. The series recounts the early adventures of Kryptonian Clark Kent as he adjusts to life in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, during the years before he becomes Superman. The fourth season comprises 22 episodes and concluded its initial airing on May 18, 2005. Regular cast members during season four include Tom Welling, Kristin Kreuk, Michael Rosenbaum, Jensen Ackles, Allison Mack, John Glover, Annette O'Toole and John Schneider.
Season four chronicles Clark and his classmates' senior year of high school and centers on his attempt to unite the three stones of knowledge, and trying to cope with Lana's new relationship with Jason Teague. Clark's friendship with Lex becomes increasingly strained, as he begins to distrust Lex more and more. At the end of season 3, Sam Jones III left the series as Pete Ross, and Jensen Ackles was brought in as Jason Teague and given star billing. Erica Durance was cast as Lois Lane, and became a recurring character for 13 episodes. Writers also brought in other popular DC Comics characters, such as Bart Allen, Mister Mxyzptlk, and Sam and Lucy Lane.
"Smallville"'s Season four slipped in the ratings, averaging at 4.4 million viewers a week.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Awards.
The fourth season garnered Leo Awards. Make-up artist Natalie Cosco was awarded the Leo Award for Best Make-Up, for her work on the episode "Scare". In 2006, Barry Donlevy took home Best Cinematography in a Dramatic Series for his work on "Spirit", while David Wilson won Best Production Design in a Dramatic Series for "Sacred". The series was recognized by the Visual Effects Society with a nomination in the 2005 VES Awards and 2006 VES Awards. The 2005 nomination was for Outstanding Created Environment for "Crusade", while the 2006 nomination was for Outstanding Visual Effects in the episode "Commencement". The show received Teen Choice Award nominations in 2005 for Choice TV Actor (Tom Welling), Choice Parental Units (John Schneider and Annette O'Toole), and Choice Sidekick (Allison Mack). In 2005, the show was nominated for a Golden Reel Award for Best Sound Editing in "Scare". In 2005, "Commencement" was nominated for an Outstanding Sound Editing Emmy Award. Glen Winter's cinematography work was recognized with an American Society of Cinematographers Award for "Sacred". For the 31st Annual Saturn Awards, Tom Welling received a nomination for Best Actor, Michael Rosenbaum and Erica Durance received nominations for Best Supporting Actor/Actress, and the fourth season was nominated for Best Network Television Series.
Home media release.
The complete fourth season of "Smallville" was released on September 13, 2005 in North America. Additional releases in region 2 and region 4 took place on October 10, 2005 and November 11, 2006, respectively. The DVD box set included various special features, including episode commentary, a behind-the-scenes featurette on the writers, a featurette on the different actress to have portrayed Lois Lane over the years, and DVD-ROM linking to "Smallville" websites.

</doc>
<doc id="2866516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866516" title="Moldovan wine">
Moldovan wine

With a production of 124,200 tons of wine (as of 2009), Moldova has a well-established wine industry. It has a vineyard area of of which are used for commercial production. The remaining are vineyards planted in villages around the houses used to make home-made wine, or "vin de casa". Many families have their own recipes and strands of grapes that have been passed down through the generations. 
In 2009, Moldova was the twenty-second largest wine producing country in the world. Most of the country's commercial wine production is for export.
History.
Fossils of "Vitis teutonica" vine leaves near the Naslavcia village in the north of Moldova indicate that grapes grew here approximately 6 to 25 million years ago. The size of grape seed imprints found near the Varvarovca village, which date back to 2800 BC, prove that at that time the grapes were already being cultivated. The grapegrowing and wine-making in the area between the Nistru and Prut rivers, which began 4000–5000 years ago, had periods of rises and falls but has survived through all the changing social and economic conditions.
By the end of the 3rd century BC, trading links were established between the local population and the Greeks and from 107 AD with the Romans, a fact which strongly influenced the intense development of the grape-growing and wine-making.
After the formation of the Moldavian feudal state in the 14th century, grape-growing began to develop and flourished in the 15th century during the kingdom of Stephen the Great, who promoted the import of high quality varieties and the improvement of the quality of wine, which was one of the chief exports of Moldova throughout the medieval period, especially to Poland, Ukraine and Russia.
During the 300 years of Ottoman rule, Moldova saw an enormous decline in grape-growing, as wine-making was forbidden by law. After the Treaty of Bucharest in 1812, when the region became a province of the Russian Empire, the wine industry flourished again. The main varieties were the traditional ones: Rara Neagră, Plavai, Galbena, Zghiharda, Batuta Neagră, Fetească Albă, Fetească Neagră, Tămâioasa, Cabasia and many other local, Hungarian, Bulgarian, Greek, and Turkish varieties. In this period, the grape growers gained governmental support and by 1837 the vineyard area in Bessarabia reached 14,000 hectares, and the wine production reached 12 million litres.
The second half of the 19th century saw an intensive planting of newly introduced French varieties, such as Pinot blanc, Pinot noir, Pinot gris, Aligote, Cabernet Sauvignon, Sauvignon blanc, Gamay, Muscat blanc. It was at this time that wines like Negru de Purcari and Romanesti, which have made Moldova famous as a fine wine producer, began to be produced.
After the phylloxera damage at the end of the 19th century, it was only in 1906 that the vineyards began to recover with grafted planting material. By 1914 Bessarabia had the biggest vineyard area in the Russian Empire.
Both World Wars damaged the Moldolvan vineyards and the wine industry considerably. The re-establishment of Moldavian vineyards began during Soviet years, in the 1950s. Over 150,000 hectares were planted in 10 years, and by 1960 the total vineyard area had reached 220,000 hectares.
In 2006, a diplomatic conflict with Russia resulted in the 2006 Russian ban of Moldovan and Georgian wines, damaging the wine industry of Moldova significantly, as Russia remains the largest importer of Moldovan wines by far. A fresh ban was imposed in September 2013, as a result of Moldova's announcement of plans to sign a draft association treaty with the European Union.
Wine growing regions in Moldova.
In Moldova four regions for wine growing are to be found:
The most important region - the Southern area - is suitable for red sweet and semi-sweet wines. White wines have a high content of alcohol. Micro-regions like Taraclia, Ciumai, Comrat, Ceadir-Lunga, Baurci, Cazaiac, Tomai, Cimislia etc. are also in the southern region.
Grape varieties.
Moldovan viticulture is characterized by a large variety of grapes:
Local varieties.
Only a few local varieties can still be found in Moldova today:
Introduced varieties.
White varieties: Chardonnay, Sauvignon blanc, Aligoté, Pinot gris, Pinot blanc, Riesling, Traminer, Muscat, Silvaner, Müller-Thurgau, Rkatsiteli.
Red varieties: Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot noir, Malbec, Saperavi, Gamay.
Recently Syrah, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot, Carignan, Montepulciano, Sémillon, Ugni blanc, and Tempranillo were conditionally registered for trial.
Divin.
Divin - represents the name, patented in the Republic of Moldova, of the country's brandy, produced in conformity with the classic technology of cognac production.
Cellars.
The Moldovan wine collection "Mileştii Mici", with almost 2 million bottles, is the largest wine collection in the world, according to the Guinness Book. It stretches for 250 km, of which only 120 km are currently in use.
The Cricova winery also has an extensive network of underground tunnels that stretch for 120 km.
Wine industry.
The Moldova Wine Guild is a non-profit association established in August 2007 by several of Moldova’s leading private wineries, i.e. Acorex Wine Holding, Vinaria Bostavan, Chateau Vartely, DK-Intertrade, Dionysos-Mereni, Lion-Gri, and Vinaria Purcari.
Together, the wineries export more than one third of all Moldovan wine. The member wineries are united by their desire to raise Moldova’s profile as a major European wine producing country. To accomplish this goal, the members work together to promote their wines on the international market through joint marketing initiatives and to educate the international wine trade and press about Moldova.

</doc>
<doc id="2866522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866522" title="Ragnar Östberg">
Ragnar Östberg

Ragnar Östberg (14 July 1866, Stockholm - 5 February 1945, Stockholm) was a Swedish architect who is most famous for designing Stockholm City Hall. 
Life.
Östberg was born in 1866 in Stockholm. Scharinska villan in Umeå in north Sweden is considered one of Östberg's best works during his youth.
Östberg has become the most famous architect within the so-called "national romanticist" movement in Sweden. His body of work from the period range from public buildings, such as Stockholm City Hall, to mansions for influential families at the turn of the century, such as Scharinska villan or Nedre Manilla, built for the Bonnier family. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866527" title="Matt Schobel">
Matt Schobel

Matthew Thomas "Matt" Schobel (; born November 4, 1978) is a retired American football tight end. He was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU).
Schobel has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles. Matt is the younger brother of free agent defensive end Aaron Schobel and the cousin of free agent defensive end Bo Schobel.
Early years.
Schobel attended Columbus High School in Columbus, Texas. He played football there as a quarterback.
Also was 2nd leg in 4 x 100 meter relay team. Excellent basketball player that was known for dunks.
College career.
Schobel originally signed with Texas A&M as a quarterback in 1997. He was redshirted as a freshman, and decided to transfer to Texas Christian University, sitting out the 1998 season per NCAA transfer rules. Due to his size and surprising quickness and mobility, he was converted to tight end in 2000 and played three seasons (1999–2001) at Texas Christian University.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Bengals.
Schobel was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals in the third round (the 67th player overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft.
Schobel played four years with the Bengals where he tallied 90 receptions for 938 yards and nine touchdowns.
Philadelphia Eagles.
In 2006, Schobel became an unrestricted free agent and signed a five-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles.
Through 2008, Schobel has seen action in 36 games, starting 11. He has 27 receptions for 332 yards and three touchdowns. He was released on September 5, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2866528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866528" title="Sodium monofluorophosphate">
Sodium monofluorophosphate

Sodium monofluorophosphate, commonly abbreviated MFP, is the inorganic compound with the formula Na2PO3F. Typical for a salt, MFP is odourless, colourless, and water-soluble. This salt is an ingredient in some toothpastes.
Uses of MFP.
MFP is best known as an ingredient in toothpastes. It functions as a source of fluoride via the following hydrolysis reaction:
Fluoride protects tooth enamel from attack by bacteria that cause dental caries (cavities). Although developed by a chemist at Procter and Gamble, its use in toothpaste (Colgate toothpaste) was patented by Colgate-Palmolive, as Procter and Gamble was engaged in the marketing of Crest toothpaste (containing stannous fluoride, marketed as "Fluoristan"). In the early 1980s, Crest was reformulated to use MFP, under the trademark "Fluoristat"; today Crest toothpastes use sodium fluoride.
MFP is also used in some medications for the treatment of osteoporosis.
In 1991, sodium monofluorophosphate was found by Calgon to inhibit the dissolution of lead in drinking water when used in concentrations between 0.1 mg/L and 500 mg/L.
Tooth decay.
Tooth decay is caused by bacteria naturally present in one's mouth. These bacteria form a sticky, colorless soft film on the teeth called plaque. When foods containing carbohydrates (starches and sugars) are eaten, the bacteria that form plaque use the sugar as a form of energy. They also turn it into a glue-like substance that helps them stick to the surface of the tooth. The plaque produces acid, which attacks the enamel.
Chemistry of decay.
Tooth enamel consists mostly of calcium hydroxyphosphate, Ca5(PO4)3OH, also known as the mineral hydroxyapatite. Apatite is a hard, insoluble compound. Acid (H+), produced especially after a high-sugar meal, attacks the apatite: 
Chemistry of enamel fluoridation.
The degradation of apatite by loss of OH− causes the enamel to dissolve. The process is reversible as saliva supplies back OH− to reform apatite. If fluoride, F−, ions are present in saliva, fluorapatite, Ca5(PO4)3F, also forms.
Fluorapatite resists attacks by acids better than apatite itself, so the tooth enamel resists decay better than enamel containing no fluoride.
Preparation and structure.
Sodium monofluorophosphate is produced industrially by the reaction of sodium fluoride with sodium metaphosphate:
The process involves scission of a pyrophosphate bond, analogous to hydrolysis. NaMFP can also be prepared by treating tetrasodium pyrophosphate or disodium phosphate with hydrogen fluoride.
In the laboratory, MFP can be prepared by hydrolysis of difluorophosphate ions with dilute sodium hydroxide:
Structure.
The structure of the fluorophosphate anion consists of phosphorus at the center of a tetrahedron defined by three oxygen atoms and one fluorine. Formal representations depict a double bond between one oxygen atom and phosphorus, with single bonds for the other two oxygen atoms and the fluorine. In this very formal depiction, negative charge is localized on the O atoms of the single P-O bonds. MFP is similar to and isoelectronic with Na2SO4. The anion has C3v symmetry.
Discovery and development.
Sodium monofluorophosphate was first described in 1929 by the German chemist Willy Lange, who was then with the University of Berlin. His fruitless attempts to prepare the free monofluorophosphoric acid led him to check the stability of its esters. Together with Gerda von Krueger, one of his students, Lange thus synthesized diethyl fluorophosphate and some analogs, which proved to be quite toxic, being related to nerve agents. In the 1930s, Gerhard Schrader, working for the German company IG Farben, tried to develop synthetic insecticide. His work focused on esters of phosphoric acid and resulted in an accidental discovery of some other nerve agents such as DFP (diisopropyl fluorophosphate), Tabun, Soman, and Sarin. In the meantime, Lange, who was married to a Jewish woman, emigrated from Germany to the United States and started work for Procter and Gamble Company. In 1947, he and Ralph Livingston of Monsanto Company published the preparation of the free fluorophosphoric acids and mentioned the use of some toxic esters of monofluorophosphoric acid (like DFP) in the treatment of glaucoma and myasthenia gravis. The well known toxicity of these esters led to fears that the simple salts might also be toxic, and such fears precluded any large scale commercial use of the salts. In 1950, under sponsorship of the manufacturer of the compounds, Ozark Chemical Company, the toxicity of sodium monofluorophosphate was studied by Harold Hodge at the University of Rochester who included anti-cavity testing. In 1967 Colgate-Palmolive filed several patents on the use of sodium monofluorophosphate in toothpaste.
Safety.
The usual content of MFP in toothpaste is 0.76%. The compound is used in place of sodium fluoride because it is less acutely toxic, although both have modest toxicities. The in rats is 0.9 g/kg. The salt exhibits limited musculoskeletal and respiratory toxicities.

</doc>
<doc id="2866530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866530" title="Colonia Lapin">
Colonia Lapin

Colonia Lapin is a settlement located near the town of Rivera in the southwest region of the Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, in the Municipality of Adolfo Alsina.
History.
Jewish immigrants founded Colonia Lapin on November 6, 1919. Colonia Lapin was originally settled by twenty five families from Colonia Esmeralda (Bernasconi) in the Province of Buenos Aires due to the unfavorable conditions, given the climate and the lack of drinking water. Mr. Eusebio Lapin, the Director of the Jewish Colonization Association, brought about the colonization that had listened the sufferings of these colonists. He was able to acquire of land from Baron Maurice de Hirsch of Estación Rivera to pass on to the colonist. In return, the families gave the Baron a share of the crops.
The colony was originally registered as Phillippson No 3, but its first settlers carried out the procedures to call it "Colonia Lapin", in recognition and gratitude to Eusebio Lapin.
In 1921 more families arrived and the colony begins to have life. When the Colony was installed, no services or commerce existed. By 1921 significant economic, social, and spiritual needs brought about different institutions such as a primary school, Hebrew school, synagogue, and an arts center/theater/library.
While “Colonia Lapin” still remains, most of the residents have left and many of the farms have been consolidated. The theater still exists and a monument has been erected in dedication to the founding families.

</doc>
<doc id="2866536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866536" title="Caritni">
Caritni

The Caritni, a Latinization, or the Karitnoi in the Greek of Ptolemy's "Geography" (2.10), were a Germanic tribe mentioned by the Roman scholar Ptolemy generally in the region of west Bavaria. Little else is known about them.

</doc>
<doc id="2866541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866541" title="Lamborghini Urraco">
Lamborghini Urraco

The Lamborghini Urraco is a sports car manufactured by Italian automaker Lamborghini in the 1970s. It was introduced at the Turin auto show in 1970 but wasn't available to buyers until 1973. It was named after a breed of bulls.
History.
The car is a 2+2 coupé with body designed by Marcello Gandini, at the time working for Carrozzeria Bertone. Rather than being another supercar, like the Lamborghini Miura, the Urraco was more affordable, an alternative to the contemporary Ferrari Dino and Maserati Merak.
When production ended in 1979, 791 Urracos had been built. Twenty-one of these were labelled Urraco P111 (P250 Tipo 111) for the American market. In order to comply with American regulations, these cars had larger front bumpers and emissions controls, the latter resulting in less horsepower for the American version. The other Urraco versions were the Urraco P200, Urraco P250 and Urraco P300 with 2 litre, 2.5 litre, and 3 litre V-8 respectively.
Both the Lamborghini Silhouette, with its detachable roof panel, and its successor Lamborghini Jalpa, with a 3.5 litre V-8 engine, were based upon the Urraco.

</doc>
<doc id="2866555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866555" title="Influenza A virus subtype H1N1">
Influenza A virus subtype H1N1

Influenza A (H1N1) virus is the subtype of influenza A virus that was the most common cause of human influenza (flu) in 2009. It is an Orthomyxovirus that contains the glycoproteins Haemagglutinin and Neuraminidase. For this reason, they are described as H1N1, H1N2 etc. depending on the type of H or N antigens they express. Haemagglutin causes red blood cells to clump together and binds the virus to the infected cell. Neuraminidase are a type of glycoside hydrolase enzyme which help to move the virus particles through the infected cell and assist in budding from the host cells.
Some strains of H1N1 are endemic in humans and cause a small fraction of all influenza-like illness and a small fraction of all seasonal influenza. H1N1 strains caused a small percentage of all human flu infections in 2004–2005. Other strains of H1N1 are endemic in pigs (swine influenza) and in birds (avian influenza)..
In June 2009, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the new strain of swine-origin H1N1 as a pandemic. This strain is often called swine flu by the public media. This novel virus spread worldwide and had caused about 17,000 deaths by the start of 2010. On August 10, 2010, the World Health Organization declared the H1N1 influenza pandemic over, saying worldwide flu activity had returned to typical seasonal patterns.
Swine influenza.
Swine influenza (swine flu or pig flu) is a respiratory disease that occurs in pigs that is caused by the Influenza A virus. Influenza viruses that are normally found in swine are known as swine influenza viruses (SIVs). 
The known SIV strains include influenza C and the subtypes of influenza A known as H1N1, H1N2, H3N1, H3N2 and H2N3. Pigs can also become infected with the H4N6 and H9N2 subtypes.
Swine influenza virus is common throughout pig populations worldwide. Transmission of the virus from pigs to humans is not common and does not always lead to human influenza, often resulting only in the production of antibodies in the blood. If transmission does cause human influenza, it is called zoonotic swine flu or a variant virus. People with regular exposure to pigs are at increased risk of swine flu infection. The meat of an infected animal poses no risk of infection when properly cooked.
Pigs experimentally infected with the strain of swine flu that caused the human pandemic of 2009-10 showed clinical signs of flu within four days, and the virus spread to other uninfected pigs housed with the infected ones.
During the mid-20th century, identification of influenza subtypes became possible, allowing accurate diagnosis of transmission to humans. Since then, only 50 such transmissions have been confirmed. These strains of swine flu rarely pass from human to human. Symptoms of zoonotic swine flu in humans are similar to those of influenza and of influenza-like illness in general, namely chills, fever, sore throat, muscle pains, severe headache, coughing, weakness, and general discomfort. The recommended time of isolation is about five days.
Notable incidents.
Spanish flu.
The Spanish flu, also known as "la grippe," "La Gripe Española", or "La Pesadilla", was an unusually severe and deadly strain of avian influenza, a viral infectious disease, that killed some 50 to 100 million people worldwide over about a year in 1918 and 1919. It is thought to be one of the deadliest pandemics in human history.
The 1918 flu caused an unusual number of deaths, possibly due to it causing a cytokine storm in the body. (The current H5N1 bird flu, also an Influenza A virus, has a similar effect.) The Spanish flu virus infected lung cells, leading to overstimulation of the immune system via release of cytokines into the lung tissue. This leads to extensive leukocyte migration towards the lungs, causing destruction of lung tissue and secretion of liquid into the organ. This makes it difficult for the patient to breathe. In contrast to other pandemics, which mostly kill the old and the very young, the 1918 pandemic killed unusual numbers of young adults, which may have been due to their healthy immune systems mounting a too-strong and damaging response to the infection.
The term "Spanish" flu was coined because Spain was at the time the only European country where the press were printing reports of the outbreak, which had killed thousands in the armies fighting World War I. Other countries suppressed the news in order to protect morale.
Fort Dix outbreak.
In 1976, a novel swine influenza A (H1N1) caused severe respiratory illness in 13 soldiers with 1 death at Fort Dix, New Jersey. The virus was detected only from January 19 to February 9 and did not spread beyond Fort Dix. Retrospective serologic testing subsequently demonstrated that up to 230 soldiers had been infected with the novel virus, which was an H1N1 strain. The cause of the outbreak is still unknown and no exposure to pigs was identified.
Russian flu.
The 1977–1978 Russian flu epidemic was caused by strain "Influenza A/USSR/90/77 (H1N1)". It infected mostly children and young adults under 23 because a similar strain was prevalent in 1947–57, causing most adults to have substantial immunity. Because of a striking similarity in the viral RNA of both strains – one which is unlikely to appear in nature due to antigenic drift – it was speculated that the later outbreak was due to a laboratory incident in Russia or Northern China, though this was denied by scientists in those countries.
The virus was included in the 1978–1979 influenza vaccine.
2009 A(H1N1) pandemic.
In the 2009 flu pandemic, the virus isolated from patients in the United States was found to be made up of genetic elements from four different flu viruses – North American swine influenza, North American avian influenza, human influenza, and swine influenza virus typically found in Asia and Europe – "an unusually mongrelised mix of genetic sequences." This new strain appears to be a result of reassortment of human influenza and swine influenza viruses, in all four different strains of subtype H1N1.
Preliminary genetic characterization found that the hemagglutinin (HA) gene was similar to that of swine flu viruses present in U.S. pigs since 1999, but the neuraminidase (NA) and matrix protein (M) genes resembled versions present in European swine flu isolates. The six genes from American swine flu are themselves mixtures of swine flu, bird flu, and human flu viruses. While viruses with this genetic makeup had not previously been found to be circulating in humans or pigs, there is no formal national surveillance system to determine what viruses are circulating in pigs in the U.S.
In April 2009, an outbreak of influenza-like illness occurred in the United States and then in Mexico; the CDC reported seven cases of novel A/H1N1 influenza. By April 24 it became clear that the outbreak of ILI in Mexico and the confirmed cases of novel influenza A in the southwest US were related and WHO issued a health advisory on the outbreak of "influenza-like illness in the United States and Mexico".
The disease then spread very rapidly, with the number of confirmed cases rising to 2,099 by May 7, despite aggressive measures taken by the Mexican government to curb the spread of the disease.
On June 11, 2009, the WHO declared an H1N1 pandemic, moving the alert level to phase 6, marking the first global pandemic since the 1968 Hong Kong flu.
On October 25, 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama officially declared H1N1 a national emergency Despite President Obama's concern, a Fairleigh Dickinson University PublicMind poll found in October 2009 that an overwhelming majority of New Jerseyans (74%) were not very worried or not at all worried about contracting the H1N1 flu virus. However, the President’s declaration caused many U.S. employers to take actions to help stem the spread of the swine flu and to accommodate employees and / or workflow which may be impacted by an outbreak.
A study conducted in coordination with the University of Michigan Health Service is scheduled for publication in the December 2009 "American Journal of Roentgenology" warning that H1N1 flu can cause pulmonary embolism, surmised as a leading cause of death in this current pandemic. The study authors suggest physician evaluation via contrast enhanced CT scans for the presence of pulmonary emboli when caring for patients diagnosed with respiratory complications from a "severe" case of the H1N1 flu.
The March 21, 2010 worldwide update, by the U.N.'s World Health Organization (WHO), states that "213 countries and overseas territories/communities have reported laboratory confirmed cases of pandemic influenza H1N1 2009, including at least 16,931 deaths."
As of May 30, 2010, worldwide update by World Health Organization(WHO) more than 214 countries and overseas territories or communities have reported laboratory confirmed cases of pandemic influenza H1N1 2009, including over 18,138 deaths.
The research team of Andrew Miller MD showed pregnant patients are at increased risk. It has been suggested that pregnant women and certain populations such as native North Americans have a greater likelihood of developing a T helper type 2 response to H1N1 influenza which may be responsible for the systemic inflammatory response syndrome that causes pulmonary edema and death.
Recent developments.
On 26 April 2011, an H1N1 pandemic preparedness alert was issued by the World Health Organization for the Americas.
In May 2013, seventeen people died during an H1N1 outbreak in Venezuela, and a further 250 were infected.
As of early January 2014, Texas health officials have confirmed at least thirty-three H1N1 deaths and widespread outbreak during the 2013/2014 flu season, while twenty-one more deaths have been reported across the US. Nine people have been reported dead from an outbreak in several Canadian cities, and Mexico reports outbreaks resulting in at least one death. Spanish health authorities have confirmed 35 H1N1 cases in the Aragon region, 18 of whom are in intensive care 
On March 17, 2014, three cases were confirmed with a possible fourth awaiting results occurring at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
According to the U.S. Geological Survey and the CDC, northern sea otters, off the coast of Washington state, are infected with the H1N1 flu virus and "may be a newly identified animal host of influenza viruses".
In pregnancy.
Pregnant women who contract the H1N1 infection are at a greater risk of developing complications because of hormonal changes, physical changes and changes to their immune system to accommodate the growing fetus. For this reason the Center for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that those who are pregnant to get vaccinated to prevent the influenza virus. The vaccination should not be taken if you have had a severe allergic reaction to the influenza vaccination. Additionally those who are moderately to severely ill, with or without a fever should wait until they recover before taking the vaccination.
Pregnant women become infected with the influenza are advised to contact their doctor immediately. Influenza can be treated using antiviral medication, which are available by prescription. Oseltamivir (trade name Tamiflu) and Zanamivir (Relenza) are two neuraminidase inhibitors (antiviral medications) currently recommended. It has been shown that they work best when taken within two days of becoming sick.
Since October 1, 2008, the CDC has tested 1,146 seasonal influenza A (H1N1) viruses for resistance against oseltamivir and zanamivir. It was found that 99.6% of the samples were resistant to oseltamivir while none were resistant to zanamivir. In 853 samples of 2009 Influenza A (H1N1) virus only 4% showed resistance to oseltamivir, while none of 376 samples showed resistance to zanamivir. A study conducted in Japan during the 2009 H1N1 pandemic concluded that infants exposed to either oseltamivir or zanamivir had no short term adverse effects. Both amantadine and rimantadine have been found to be teratogenic and embryotoxic (malformations and toxic effects on the embryo) when given at high doses in animal studies.

</doc>
<doc id="2866561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866561" title="Longstreet Hotel, Casino, and RV Resort">
Longstreet Hotel, Casino, and RV Resort

The Longstreet Hotel, Casino, and RV Resort is located on State Route 373, in Amargosa Valley, Nevada, seven miles north of Death Valley Junction. The resort has a nine-hole golf course, 60 rooms, an RV park with 50 spaces, as well as a casino, a bar and two restaurants. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866584" title="Children of the Future (anthology)">
Children of the Future (anthology)

Children of the Future (ISBN 0-385-27778-4, Davis Publications, 1982) is an "Analog" anthology containing the following short stories:

</doc>
<doc id="2866610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866610" title="BSM">
BSM

BSM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866611" title="RRU">
RRU

EMBA RRU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866615" title="Natalie Radford">
Natalie Radford

Natalie Radford (born 1966) is a Canadian actress. She has acted in various television shows and movies, including "Darcy's Wild Life" and "Jewel".

</doc>
<doc id="2866622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866622" title="Hartmann's solution">
Hartmann's solution

Hartmann's solution or compound sodium lactate (CSL) is a crystalloid solution that is most closely isotonic with blood and intended for intravenous administration. Hartmann's IV Infusion is used to replace body fluid and mineral salts that may be lost for a variety of medical reasons. It is especially suitable when the losses result in too much acid being present in the blood and is very similar—though not identical—to lactated Ringer's solution, the ionic concentrations of which differ.
It is named after US paediatrician A. F. Hartmann (1898–1964).
Overview.
One litre of Hartmann's solution contains:
This amounts to an osmolarity of 279 mOsm/L.
Generally, the sodium, chloride, potassium and lactate come from NaCl (sodium chloride), NaC3H5O3 (sodium lactate), CaCl2 (calcium chloride), and KCl (potassium chloride).
Hartmann's IV infusion is given via an intravenous line (drip) and can be administered at various rates depending on the cause and urgency.
Contraindications.
Hartmann's solution may be relatively contraindicated in patients with diabetes mellitus, as one of the isomers of lactate is gluconeogenic.
Hartmann's solution should be avoided during emergency fluid resuscitation of a patient. If the solution is given in the same intervenous line as blood the calcium in the solution can activate platelet aggregation (mediated by protein kinase C) leading to blockage of the IV line. A different solution free of calcium should be used instead.
Side effects.
Some swelling of the hands, ankles and feet may be experienced due to fluid retention in the body. In rare circumstances, this may also involve the lungs, which may cause some breathing difficulty. Other symptoms may include nausea, vomiting, headache, dizziness, drowsiness or confusion. Inflammation at the site of injection,
or swelling of the veins near the site of injection is also possible.

</doc>
<doc id="2866626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866626" title="Ron Sparks (comedian)">
Ron Sparks (comedian)

Ron Sparks (born May 20, 1977) is a Canadian comedian, actor and writer. He was born in Chatham-Kent, Ontario but lives in Toronto, Ontario, where he is best known as a stand-up comedian and regular and favourite "juror" on MuchMusic's highest-rated show, "Video on Trial". He also starred as The Judge in the MuchMusic "Holiday Wrap" special "Stars on Trial". Currently he is a regular on the series "This Movie Sucks!" along with Ed the Sock and Liana K where he now riffs on bad movies.
Biography.
Sparks first began performing with York University's Vanier Improv Company then sketch comedy. His troupe, The Minnesota Wrecking Crew, were nominated four straight years (2003–2006) for Canadian Comedy Awards for Best Sketch Troupe, winning in 2003 and 2004. In 2006 they won a third Canadian Comedy Award for Best Taped Live Performance for the CBC Television special "Sketch with Kevin McDonald".
He began performing stand-up in April 2003 at The ALTdot COMedy Lounge and won that year's Tim Sims Award, given to Toronto's most promising new comedy act, then followed it up with the 2004 Canadian Comedy Award for Best Stand-up Newcomer. Frank Magazine described him as "the next stand-up wunderkind". Stand-up credits include the Halifax, Winnipeg and Just for Laughs comedy festivals. He was named JFL's Toronto Homegrown Champion.
On television he stars in MuchMusic's highest rated show "Video on Trial" and its spin-off, "Stars on Trial". He has also been a regular on various Ed the Sock series and The Toronto Show. His CTV Comedy Now! stand-up special aired in 2008 and won a WorldFest Award and two Canadian Comedy Awards. He has also made appearances on CBC Radio's "Brave New Waves" and "Out Front".
He has written his own series of shorts for The Comedy Network, "From the Desk of Ron Sparks", and for various other series including This Hour Has 22 Minutes, Little Mosque, Life's a Zoo and Crash Canyon.
Currently Sparkshas a weekly live show in Toronto, "The Newsdesk with Ron Sparks", which he also does as a weekly segment on 102.1 The Edge. He is also a regular guest on CBC Radio's "The Debaters".
He has also won several awards as a playwright.
He is not related to fellow comedian Hal Sparks.
In 2006 he offered to fight Uwe Boll who had challenged his critics to a series of boxing matches leading up to the release of his movie "Postal", but Boll declined due to Sparks's size advantage because he would be fighting five boxers back-to-back.
"Video on Trial".
In newer episodes of "Video on Trial" he is listed as having fake occupations instead of just "comedian". He has been billed as such things as (in order of use):
Awards and nominations.
Other awards:

</doc>
<doc id="2866656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866656" title="Aizukotetsu-kai">
Aizukotetsu-kai

The (sometimes written Aizu-Kotetsukai or Aizu Kotetsu-kai), based in Kyoto, is Japan's fourth-largest yakuza organization. Its name comes from the Aizu region, "Kotetsu", a type of Japanese sword, and the suffix "-kai", or society. 
Rather than a stand-alone gang, the Aizukotetsu-kai is a federation of approximately 100 of Kyoto's various yakuza groups, comprising an estimated 7,000 members.
In 1992 the Aizukotetsu-kai became one of the first yakuza syndicates named under Japan's new anti-boryokudan legislation, which gave police expanded powers to crack down on yakuza. Its chairman at the time, Tokutaro Takayama, campaigned publicly against the new laws, and the group launched a lawsuit challenging their constitutionality. In September 1995 the Kyoto District Court threw out the lawsuit. 
In October 2005, the group formed an alliance with the Sixth Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest yakuza clan.

</doc>
<doc id="2866663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866663" title="Yuridia">
Yuridia

Yuridia Francisca Gaxiola Flores (born October 4, 1986, in Hermosillo, Sonora) is a popular Mexican singer who gained international fame by coming 2nd place in the hit reality show "La Academia". In 2005, Yuridia released her debut album "La Voz de un Ángel". It became the second best-selling album in 2006 and one of the fastest-selling albums of all time in Mexico. It has been certified Diamond since its release. Her second album, "Habla El Corazón" was certified Platinum in Mexico after a few weeks of release. "Entre Mariposas", Yuridia's third album with original songs, was released in late 2007. It was certified gold selling more than 50,000 copies within the first week of being released, peaking at number one position in the top selling charts.
Career.
Yuridia won second place in the fourth season of La Academia, a popular Mexican reality show. Yuridia is the highest selling artist to come out of the reality show and most popular to this date.
At age 19, Yuridia had become one of the highest selling artists in Mexico. Her debut album sold over 1,500,000 copies, which makes Yuridia the highest selling female artist in the country since Thalía in the 90s, Beating out artists such as Luis Miguel, and Juan Gabriel. Her voice has earned her the nickname Voz de un Ángel (Voice of an Angel), leading to her debut album's title "La Voz de un Ángel". This album has been certified 2x Diamond and 3x Platinum + Gold.
On December 5, 2006 Sony BMG released Yuridia's second album, "Habla El Corazón", as well as the first single "Como Yo Nadie Te Ha Amado", a cover of the Spanish version of Bon Jovi's "This Ain't a Love Song". The second and last single was Yuridia's cover for Roxette's "Listen to Your Heart" Spanish cover, Habla El Corazon. The album includes Spanish covers of well-known songs from artists such as Bonnie Tyler, and The Police. The album sold 660,000 copies worldwide, and was certified 3x Platinum + Gold.
To this date, both the album and the single are Yuridia's most successful in the United States. The album debuted at 15 and peaked at #14, while the single peaked on "Billboard"'s "Hot Latin Tracks" chart at 16. Her second single has managed to do what her previous second single did not, enter the HLT chart and has peaked at number "44" .
Yuridia's third solo album, "Entre Mariposas", was released on November 15, 2007 in Mexico. The first single from the album was "Ahora Entendí", written by her and Camila's Mario Domm. The following single is "Yo Por El". It peaked at "#1" in Mexico and in Central America. The third and last single is "En Su Lugar", it debuted at "#16", finally topping the "#4" spot. The album, produced by Javier Calderón, quickly garnered major sales and has already been certified Gold for selling 50,000 copies within the first day of its release. It has also been certified 4x Platinum + Gold for a total of 650,000 copies worldwide.
She has been nominated for awards such as, Latin Grammy, Premios Juventud Latin Billboard OYE awards and Lo Nuestro music awards.
On April 26, 2007, Yuridia won a Latin Billboard Award for "Best Pop Female Album".
In early May 2007, Yuridia also received four nominations for the Premios Juventud. She was nominated for "Best Artist", "Best Album", "Catchiest Song" and " Most Heart-Breaking Song".
By the end of 2008, Yuridia won a Premios Oye award as the best Female Artist of the year.
In 2009 she also had three nominations for (Lo nuestro Music awards) "Best Artist", "Best Album" (Entre Mariposas), and "Catchiest Song"(Ahora entendi).
On September 30, 2009, she released her fourth studio album, Nada es Color de Rosa. The producer, Ettore Grenci, composed most songs, hand in hand with the singer, who also is author of two songs in the CD, including "Un Paso Mas" and "Todas Las Noches", a duet with the Italian group Sonohra.Nada es Color de Rosa debuted at #1 on the Mexico Top 100 with first week sales of 45,000 units sold. This album has sold 120,000 copies worldwide and has been certified Platinum + Gold. The first single is "Irremediable", the "#5" Top Song in Mexico. The second single is "Me Olvidaras", which has topped the Top 10 songs, peaking at "#6". Contigo is the third official single, and was on the Top Monitor Latino, peaking at "#23". The fourth and last single from Nada es Color de Rosa was No Me Preguntes Mas, which has been her most successful inedited single to date, peaking at #2 on the Top 20 Mexican Airplay Chart.
Personal life.
Yuridia was born in Hermosillo, Sonora but grew up in Mesa, Arizona. She considers Mesa to be her hometown. She left Mesa High School during her senior year to be on La Academia. Yuridia was romantically involved with Edgar Guerrero, whom she met on La Academia. The two have a son, Phoenix (named after actor Joaquin Phoenix). Yuridia's pregnancy rumors started when she left the TV show "Desafio De Estrellas". Her pregnancy was highly publicized. It has been said that she and Guerrero broke up after he wanted her to stay home and take care of their child, leaving her career. She was romantically involved with Mario Domm, band member of Camila, a Mexican soft rock group. As of 2010, Yuridia is dating Matias, a contestant from the 6th generation of La Academia. She showed her support for Matias by appearing on the show Segunda Opportunidad in which he was participating. She is the oldest of five. She had two brothers and two sisters, but her younger brother Danny suffered from muscular dystrophy. He died in Mesa at age 15 in December 2005. The death of her brother had a major impact on her life.
As of April 26, 2011 she had begun dating ex-boyfriend Mario Domm again, appearing together in the Latin Billboard Music Awards holding hands and kissing. On May 2, 2011 she posted a picture of her and Domm on her Twitter page confirming that indeed the relationship was back on.
Awards and nominations.
Wins
Nominations
Tours.
2005: La Academia 4th Generation Tour
Set List:
2007: Habla El Corazón Tour
Set List:
Yuridia performed "Ahora Entendi" after "Entre Mariposas" was launched.
2008: Entre Mariposas Tour
Set List:
2008-2009: Entre Mariposas 2.0 Tour
Yuridia often changes her setlist. She usually opens with "Más De Lo Que Pido" and ends with "Ángel". She usually performs a medley of "Detrás De Mi Ventana", "Peligro", and "Lo Siento Mi Amor". She also performed "Tú" in her hometown of Hermosillo, Sonora.
On her sold out May 16, 2009 concert at the National Auditorium of Mexico City, she added songs and dancers.

</doc>
<doc id="2866664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866664" title="Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse">
Saint-Florent, Haute-Corse

Saint-Florent () is a commune in Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. Originally a fishing port located in the gulf of the same name, nowadays pleasure boats have largely taken the place of fishing vessels.
Today, it is a popular summer vacation spot for many tourists because of its proximity to the Patrimonio vineyards and the Saleccia beach.
History.
Saint-Florent was created by the Genoese in the 16th century as a base to carry out repressive operations against the Corsican patriots in the surrounding villages. France later used it to disembark hordes of mercenaries and colonists during August 1764 in order to subject the independent Corsican people. After the defeat at Ponte Novu Bridge, the army of Pasquale Paoli, sometimes called "the Father of Corsica", helped by the fleet of Horatio Nelson, reconquered Saint-Florent in 1794 during the brief Anglo-Corsican rule.
Climate.
Saint-Florent has a typically Mediterranean climate - mild winters with temperatures rarely dropping below zero give way to long, warm, dry summers with temperatures peaking at around in July and August.
Sights.
The monuments of Saint-Florent are the Genoese citadel constructed in 1440 at the same time as the city, and the Romanesque Saint-Florent Cathedral, or the cathedral of the Nebbio, now the church of Santa Maria Assunta.
Near the village are the Genoese towers Torra di San Fiurenzu, Torra di Mortella, and Torra di Fornali.

</doc>
<doc id="2866667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866667" title="Molecular Biology (journal)">
Molecular Biology (journal)

Molecular Biology () is a scientific journal which covers a wide scope of problems related to molecular, cell, and computational biology including genomics, proteomics, bioinformatics, molecular virology and immunology, molecular development biology, and molecular evolution. "Molecular Biology" publishes reviews, mini-reviews, experimental, and theoretical works, short communications and hypotheses. In addition, the journal publishes book reviews and meeting reports. The journal also publishes special issues devoted to most rapidly developing branches of physical-chemical biology and to the most outstanding scientists on the occasion of their anniversary birthdays. The journal is published in English and Russian versions by Nauka.

</doc>
<doc id="2866672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866672" title="Colin Bond">
Colin Bond

Colin John Bond (born 24 February 1942) is a retired Australian racing driver. Bond reached the highest levels in Australian motorsport in 1969 when he was recruited by Harry Firth to the newly formed Holden Dealer Team. He quickly found success, winning the 1969 Hardie-Ferodo 500 mile race (now the Bathurst 1000) at Bathurst, New South Wales in a Holden Monaro.
Bond was a particularly versatile driver, also finding success in the Australian Rally Championship, winning the title in 1971, 1972 and 1974 driving a Holden Torana. Bond also won the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship in a Holden Torana and was inducted into the V8 Supercar Hall of Fame in 2002.
Torana GTR XU-1.
Late in 1971 Bond had a couple of drives with Frank Matich's F5000 team. One was in the Australian Grand Prix at Warwick Farm and driving in a wet practice session Bond put in lap times seconds faster than his more experienced F5000 rivals. After his open-wheeler stint he opted to stay with the Holden Dealer Team.
The following year Bond won the Australian Rally Championship for the second year in a row. Bond also won the Catalina Park rallycross series, while on the bitumen he won the Toby Lee Series and Sun-7 Gold Medal. In 1973 he again won the Sun-7 series at Amaroo Park.
Torana L34.
In late 1974, driving the new Holden Torana SL/R 5000 L34, he contributed to Holden's victory in the Australian Manufacturers' Championship, again winning three out of five rounds.
Peter Brock left the Holden Dealer Team at the end of 1974. So for the 1975 season Colin Bond was the team's No.1 driver. That year he won the Australian Touring Car Championship and also won the South Pacific Touring Car Series. At Bathurst Bond won pole position and led for much of the early part of the race but a broken axle at half distance put him too far back to challenge Peter Brock.
In 1987, motoring writer Bill Tuckey in his book "The Rise and Fall of Peter Brock" claimed that there had been a lap scoring error in the 1976 race and that Colin Bond's Torana was the first car to complete the distance. Tuckey claimed Holden declined to challenge the result because a privately entered Holden team had won in such a memorable, emotional finish, and because Bob Morris' major sponsor was Ron Hodgson Motors, one of Sydney's leading Holden dealerships at the time. It remains however a contested footnote, Bob Morris denies that this was the case, claiming most team lap scorers agreed that the results were correct. Despite this, Bond's co-driver John Harvey believes that he and Bond did indeed win the race, despite the official result still showing Morris and Fitzpatrick as race winners.
1-2 Formation Finish at Bathurst.
In 1977, Bond came close to becoming the first driver to achieve victories for both Holden and Ford Motor Company at the Bathurst 1000 (a feat which wouldn't be achieved until Steven Richards in 1999). He was driving the second car (a Ford Falcon XC Hardtop) in Allan Moffat's team, with Moffat driving the lead car which was experiencing mechanical problems in the closing laps of the race. Although Bond had the opportunity to pass Moffat and take victory, he controversially chose to observe Moffat's team orders and allowed him to pass the line first in the now famous 1-2 formation finish. Bond has stated in interviews since then that he regretted not taking victory from Moffat. Moffat himself later revealed that during the race he had offered Bond a drive in his Falcon which would have seen Bond not only win the race but finish second as well. Moffat claims that Bond turned down the offer preferring to stick to his own car.
From 1977 to 1980 Bond ran the Ford works rally team, with Greg Carr and Bond driving the very competitive BDA Escort. The highlight for the Ford team was Greg Carr winning the 1978 Australian Rally Championship.
The 1980s.
Bond drove a great variety of machinery during this period including the Ford Capri, Chevrolet Camaro, Triumph TR8, Alfa Romeo GTV, Alfa Romeo 75, Ford Sierra RS500, Toyota Corolla, and Porsche (including a Porsche 944 Turbo for Allan Hamilton's Porsche Cars Australia team in the 1982 and 1983 Australian GT Championships).
Bond also teamed with then open wheel racer Andrew Miedecke to drive a John Fitzpatrick Racing Porsche 962 in the 1984 Sandown 1000. The race, which was the final round of the 1984 World Endurance Championship, was the first ever FIA world championship motor race held in Australia. Driving an unfamiliar car with approximately more than either had driven previously, Bond and Miedecke acquitted themselves well against the likes of Sports car racing stars Stefan Bellof, Jacky Ickx, Jochen Mass, Derek Bell, and Aussie internationals Alan Jones and Vern Schuppan. Bond qualified the car in 11th place, 4.4 seconds slower than pole winner Bellof in his Rothmans Porsche 956B. Bondy and "Mad Andy" then drove a steady race, staying out of trouble, to record a 6th place finish at Melbourne's Sandown Park. Bond would claim that racing the 962 was "A lot of fun".
Wins in the Caltex Sierra.
Colin Bond made an impact on the Touring Car Championship in 1990, winning two consecutive rounds of the championship at Lakeside and Mallala driving a Caltex sponsored Ford Sierra. Both these wins involved memorable drives where Bond came from behind to pass the leading cars one by one until taking the lead and holding off his rivals to win.
In 1994 Bond was lured back for one last tilt at the Bathurst 1000 by Fred Gibson, manager of the Winfield Racing Team. Driving a Holden VP Commodore with Swede Anders Olofsson, Bond briefly led the race early on when many cars were pitting to change tyres. He finished in 6th place on the same lap as the winning car.
Bond retired as a driver in 1994, but continued to contribute to the sport as a driving standards observer for V8 Supercar until he was replaced by Tomas Mezera after the 2006 season.

</doc>
<doc id="2866673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866673" title="Kevin Weekes">
Kevin Weekes

Kevin Weekes (born April 4, 1975) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who most recently played for the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL). He is now a colour commentator on "Hockey Night in Canada", and a studio analyst for "NHL on the Fly".
Career.
Player.
Weekes' career began with the Owen Sound Platers of the Ontario Hockey League. He also had a brief stint with the Ottawa 67's.
Chosen 41st overall by the Florida Panthers in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, he joined the team for the 1997–98 season, going 0–5–1 in 11 appearances for the Panthers. The following summer he was traded to the Vancouver Canucks in a trade for Pavel Bure and compiled a 6–15–5 record in 31 appearances over a season and a half before being traded to the New York Islanders halfway through the 1999–2000 season. At the conclusion of that season he was traded to the Tampa Bay Lightning, where he played until late in the 2001–02 season when he was traded to the Carolina Hurricanes.
He played in a tandem with Arturs Irbe, helping lead the Hurricanes to the 2002 Stanley Cup Finals while recording two shutouts in the playoffs, establishing a Hurricanes team record.
He signed with the New York Rangers as a free agent prior to the 2004–05 NHL lockout, winning his first start with the Rangers on October 5, 2005, in a game against the Philadelphia Flyers. His time with the Rangers looked to be promising until an injury kept him out and he lost his number one spot to Henrik Lundqvist. Lundqvist came in to play in place of Weekes and played exceptionally well. Weekes remained in good spirits upon his healthy return to the team even though he had been bumped to the number two spot and back up to the rookie (Lundqvist). He became an unrestricted free agent following a less than stellar 2006–07 season. On July 5, 2007, he signed with the New Jersey Devils to serve as a backup to All-Star Martin Brodeur. In the 08-09 season, Brodeur suffered an injury which sidelined him for almost the entire season. This left Weekes and Scott Clemmensen battling for the number one spot. With the two battling, Weekes would again see himself in the playoffs with the team losing to the Carolina Hurricanes in Game 7 of the quarter finals.
Weekes announced his retirement from playing on September 27, 2009.
Broadcasting.
Weekes made history in 2009, when he became the first black analyst in hockey. Weekes provides color commentary for NHL games on the NHL Network and "Hockey Night in Canada". In "The Hockey News" 2011 edition of the 100 Most Powerful people in ice hockey, Weekes was considered one of the Top 40 under the age of 40.
Personal.
Weekes' parents emigrated from Barbados to Canada and went to Dr. Norman Bethune Collegiate Institute.
The reason that he sometimes wore jersey number 80 was he wanted to wear 00. However, the NHL does not allow a player to wear single or double zero jerseys. "Shady 80" chose the number that most closely resembled 00. Upon signing with the New Jersey Devils, as a result of the team's policy of wearing jerseys 1–40 with exception of marquee players, Weekes was given jersey number 1. Weekes wore 00 in junior hockey when he played for the Ottawa 67's.

</doc>
<doc id="2866676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866676" title="Asano-gumi">
Asano-gumi

The is a yakuza group based in Okayama, Japan. The Asano-gumi is a designated yakuza group with an estimated 130 active members.
History.
The Asano-gumi was formed in 1945 as a bakuto organization named the by Kunio Oyama. The group restarted as the Asano-gumi with the head of Shin'ichi Asano in April 1952 following Oyama's retirement. Yoshiaki Kushida succeeded as president in September 1983.
Condition.
The Asano-gumi has been based in Kasaoka, Okayama ever since its formation.
The Asano-gumi caused conflicts with the Yamaguchi-gumi and the Kyodo-kai in the late 20th century. In one notable case, Asano member(s) shot and murdered two Yamaguchi members in Kurashiki in 1987, as a retaliation for an earlier attack by Yamaguchi member(s) involving carving knives against two Asano members.
One of the gunmen last name was Kyofuka, he was released and then rearrested in 2007. I was married to his brothers daughter who was also a member of the Asano-yamaguchi-gumi. 
Since 1996, the Asano-gumi has been a member of an anti-Yamaguchi federation named the Gosha-kai, along with three other Chugoku-based organizations, the Kyosei-kai, the Kyodo-kai, the Goda-ikka, and the Shikoku-based Shinwa-kai.

</doc>
<doc id="2866677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866677" title="Helvete">
Helvete

Helvete can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866681" title="Mi Fu">
Mi Fu

Mi Fu (, 1051–1107) was a Chinese painter, poet, and calligrapher born in Taiyuan during the Song Dynasty. In painting he gained renown for his style of painting misty landscapes. This style would be deemed the "Mi Fu" style and involved the use of large wet dots of ink applied with a flat brush. His poetry followed the style of Li Bai and his calligraphy that of Wang Xizhi. His uninhibited style made him disliked at the Song court.
He is best known for his calligraphy, and he was regarded as one of the four greatest calligraphers in Song Dynasty. His style arises from that of calligraphers in earlier dynasties, but with a unique mark of his own.
As a personality Mi Fu was noted as an eccentric. At times they even deemed him "Madman Mi" because he was obsessed with collecting stones and even declared one stone to be his brother. Hence he would bow to his "brother" rock in a display of the filial devotion given to older brothers. He also was known as a heavy drinker. His son, Mi Youren, would also be a famous painter in his father's artistic style. Unlike his father Mi Youren lived to be quite elderly, dying at the age of 79.
Biography.
According to tradition, he was a very smart boy with a great interest in arts and letters and an astonishing ability of memorizing. At the age of six he could learn a hundred poems a day and after going over them again, he could recite them all.
His mother was employed as a midwife and afterwards as a wet-nurse to look after and feed the Emperor Shenzong who was to start his reign in 1051 and continue until 1107. Mi Fu knew the imperial family and he lived in the privileged location of the royal palaces, where he also started his career as Reviser of Books, Professor of Painting and Calligraphy in the capital, Secretary to the Board of Rites and Military Governor of Huaiyang. These frequent changes of official position were caused by Mi Fu's sharp tongue and open criticism of official ways and means. He is said to have been a very capable official, but unwilling to submit to conventional rules and manifested a spirit of independence which caused him serious difficulties.
Mi Fu was very peculiar in his manners and the way he dressed. Wherever he went, he attracted a crowd. He was also very fond of cleanliness. He used to have water standing at his side when working because he washed his face very often. He would never wash in a vessel that had been used by someone else or put on clothes that had been worn by another person.
Mi Fu's passion was collecting old writings and paintings. As his family wealth was gradually lost on relatives, he continued to collect and made every possible sacrifice to get the samples he wanted. There is even an anecdote according to which Mi Fu, once being out in a boat with his friends, was shown a sample of Wang Xianzhi’s writing and this made him so excited that he threatened to jump overboard unless the owner made him a present of it, which, apparently, could not be refused.
Gradually his collection became a big treasury and his simple house a meeting place for the greatest scholars of the time. Some of the calligraphies of his collection he inherited but others acquired. He also exchanged the less good for better. He wrote: “When a man of today obtains such an old sample it seems to him as important as his life, which is ridiculous. It is in accordance with human nature, that things which satisfy the eye, when seen for a long time become boring; therefore they should be exchanged for fresh examples, which then appear double satisfying. That is the intelligent way of using pictures.”
Mi Fu was something of a maniac in regard to safeguarding, cleaning and exhibiting of his pictures. He arranged his collection in two parts, one of which was kept secret or only for a few selected friends and another which could be shown to ordinary visitors.
In his later years, Mi Fu became very fond of Holin Temple located on Yellow Crane Mountain and asked to be buried at its gate. Today the temple is gone, but his grave remains.
Historical background.
After the rise of the landscape painting, the creative activity followed which was of a more general kind and included profane, religious figure, bird, flower and bamboo painting besides landscapes. It was all carried out by men of high intellectual standard.
To most of these men painting was not a professional occupation but only one of the means by which they expressed their intellectual reactions to life and nature in visible symbols. Poetry and illustrative writing were in a sense even more important to them than painting and they made their living as more or less prominent government officials if they did not depend on family wealth. Even if some of them were real masters of ink-painting as well as of calligraphy, they avoided the fame and position of professional artists and became known as “gentleman-painters”. Artistic occupations such as calligraphy and painting were to these men activities to be done during the leisure time from official duties or practical occupations. Nevertheless, the foundation of their technical mastery was in writing, training in calligraphy which allowed them to transmit their thoughts with the same easiness in symbols of nature as in conventional characters. Their art became therefore a very intimate kind of expression, or idea-writing as it was called in later times. The beauty of this art was indeed closely connected to the visible easiness with which it was produced, but which after all could not be achieved without intense training and deep thought.
Mi Fu was one of the highly gifted gentleman-painters. He was not a poet or philosopher, nevertheless he was brilliant intellectually. With his very keen talent of artistic observation together with sense of humor and literary ability he established for himself a prominent place among Chinese art-historians; his contributions in this field are still highly valued, because they are based on what he had seen with his own eyes and not simply on what he had heard or learned from his forerunners. Mi Fu had he courage to express his own views, even when these were different from the prevailing ones or official opinions. His notes about painting and calligraphy are of great interest to art historians, because they are spontaneous expressions of his own observations and independent ideas and help to characterize himself as well as the artists whose works he discusses.
Art.
To Mi Fu the brush was not only the sword of his proud spirit but a magic stick, which brought life whenever he held it in his hands, were it in writing or in painting. The two arts were to him essentially one and the same.
His importance as a painter on the other hand is more closely connected with the fact that by the later critics he has been admired as one of the most important representatives of the ‘Southern School’ of landscape painting. Unfortunately, it is no longer possible clearly to say this from the pictures which pass under his name – there is no lack of such works, and most of them represent a rather definite type or pictorial style which existed also in later centuries, but to what extent they can be considered as Mi Fu's own creations is still a question. In other words, the general characteristics of his style are known, but it is not possible to be sure that the paintings ascribed to him represent the rhythm and spirit of his individual brush work as is possible with his authentic samples of calligraphy, which still exist. Therefore he is more remembered as a skilled calligraphist and for his influence as a critic and writer on art rather than a skilled landscape painter.
Mi Fu was among those for whom writing or calligraphy was intimately connected with the composing of poetry or sketching. It required an alertness of mind and spirit, which he thought was best achieved through the enjoyment of wine. Through this he reached a state of excitement rather than drunkenness. A friend of Mi Fu, Su Shi admired him and wrote that his brush is like a sharp sword handled skillfully in fight or a bow which could shoot the arrow a thousand "li", piercing anything that might be in its way. “It was the highest perfection of the art of calligraphy”, he wrote.
Other critics claimed that only Mi Fu could imitate the style of the great calligraphists of the Six Dynasties. Mi Fu indeed seems to have been an excellent imitator; some of these imitations were so good that they were taken for the originals. Mi Fu's son also testified that his father always kept some calligraphic masterpiece of the Tang or the Qin period in his desk as a model. At night he would place it in a box at the side of his pillow.
According to some writings, Mi Fu did most of his paintings during the last seven years of his life, and he himself wrote that “he chose as his models the most ancient masters and painted guided by his own genius and not by any teacher and thus represented the loyal men of antiquity.”
The pictures which still pass under the name of Mi Fu represent ranges of wooded hills or cone-shaped mountain peaks rising out of layers of woolly mist. At their feet may be water and closer towards the foreground clusters of dark trees. One of the best known examples of this kind of Mi style is the small picture in the Palace Museum known as "Spring Mountains and Pine-Trees". It is in the size of a large album-leaf, but at the top of the picture is added a poem said to be by the emperor Emperor Gaozong of Song. The mountains and the trees rise above a layer of thick mist that fills the valley; they are painted in dark ink tones with a slight addition of colour in a plumy manner that hides their structure; it is the mist that is really alive. In spite of the striking contrast between the dark and the light tones the general effect of the picture is dull, which may be the result of wear and retouching.
Among the pictures which are attributed to Mi Fu, there apparently are imitations, even if they are painted in a similar manner with a broad and soft brush. They may be from Southern Song period, or possibly from the Yuan period, when some of the leading painters freely utilized the manner of Mi for expressing their own ideas. The majority are probably from the later part of Ming period, when a cult of Mi Fu followers that viewed him as the most important representative of the "Southern School" started. Mi Fu himself had seen many imitations, perhaps even of his own works and he saw how wealthy amateurs spent their money on great names rather than on original works of art. He wrote: “They place their pictures in brocade bags and provide them with jade rollers as if they were very wonderful treasures, but when they open them one cannot but break out into laughter.”
Mi Fu's own manner of painting has been characterised by writers who knew it through their own observation or through hearsay. It is said that he always painted on paper which had not been prepared with gum or alum (alauns); never on silk or on the wall. In addition, he did not necessarily use the brush in painting with ink; sometimes he used paper sticks or sugar cane from which the juice had been extracted, or a calyx (kauss) of the lotus.
Even if Mi Fu was principally a landscape painter, he also did portraits and figure paintings of an old fashioned type. Nevertheless, he must have spent more time studying samples of ancient calligraphy and painting than producing pictures of his own. His book on History of Painting contains practical hints as to the proper way of collecting, preserving, cleaning and mounting pictures. Mi Fu was no doubt an excellent connoisseur who recognized quality in art, but in spite of his oppositional spirit, his fundamental attitude was fairly conventional. He appreciated some of the well recognized classics among the ancient masters and had little use for any of the contemporary painters. He had sometimes difficulty in admitting the values of others and found more pleasure in making sharp and sarcastic remarks than in expressing his thoughts in a just and balanced way.
Landscape painting was, to Mi Fu, superior to every other kind of painting; revealing his limitations and romantic flight: “The study of Buddhist paintings implies some moral advice; they are of a superior kind. Then follow the landscapes, then pictures of bamboo, trees, walls and stones, and then come pictures of flowers and grass. As to pictures of men and women, birds and animals, they are for the amusement of the gentry and do not belong to the class of pure art treasures.”

</doc>
<doc id="2866691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866691" title="Race Riot">
Race Riot

Race Riot is a 1929 animated short subject, featuring Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. The short concerns Oswald trying to convince his horse, Mopey, to run in a horse race and win it. The cartoon is noted for being the first entirely produced and directed by Walter Lantz. It was released by Universal Pictures on September 2, 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="2866697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866697" title="Pascal Themanlys">
Pascal Themanlys

Pascal Themanlys (27 September 1909 – 25 June 2000) was a French (later Israeli) poet, Zionist, and Kabbalist. His books on Jewish mysticism have been published in French, English and Hebrew.
Pascal was born in Paris; his French parents Louis and Claire Themanlys were important disciples of Max Theon, and in charge of the "Cosmic Movement" in France. Pascal himself only met Theon once in 1920 (when he was eleven, Théon was well into his seventies), although he claimed later he was initiated by his father Louis. This supplemented his own studies of traditional Lurianic Kabbalah. 
At fifteen, he published his first collection of poems, work of poems, a booklet called the "Emerald Monocle", in 1924. He met a number of important authors and artists such as Rabindranath Tagore and Paul Valéry. In 1934 his book "Les merveilles du Becht" ("Wonders of Becht") was published, the first book in French about the Baal Shem Tov.
During the Second World War he was a member of the French resistance. In 1947, he married his wife, Raymonde; they would later have three children. 
In 1949 he emigrated to Israel where he became the head the French section of the Department of Information of the Jewish Agency. 
He was also the founder of the "Amitiés Israël-France" (Israel-France Friendship) society. 
After his retirement from the civil service he founded the Argaman Center, and taught and studied Kabbalah. He seems to have had a very poor opinion of liberal Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="2866702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866702" title="Jersey Mountain Road">
Jersey Mountain Road

Jersey Mountain Road is Hampshire County, West Virginia's County Route 5. The road runs mostly atop or to the east of South Branch Mountain from Levels to the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) east of Romney. South Branch Mountain was originally named Jersey Mountain by the colonial settlers of the eighteenth century, hence the origins of the road's name. Beginning in the early 1900s, tens of thousands of acres of fruit orchards have operated along Jersey Mountain Road making it a central region in the county's fruit growing industry.

</doc>
<doc id="2866705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866705" title="Kobe Luminarie">
Kobe Luminarie

Lights are kept up for about two weeks and turned on for a few hours each evening. Major streets in the vicinity are closed to auto traffic during these hours to allow pedestrians to fill the streets and enjoy the lights. It is viewed by about three to five million people each year.
Symbolization.
When the Great Hanshin Earthquake struck Kobe on January 17, 1995, it left more than 6,000 dead and caused $100 billon in damages. Since many had to live in darkness due to supply cuts in electricity, gas, and water, the idea of putting up lights acted as a symbol of hope, recovery, and renovation. Though it was only supposed to take place once, strong popularity and demand from citizens encouraged the continuation of luminarie to become an annual event.
Silent prayers to victims of the earthquake takes place in the opening ceremony, and a memorial naming those who were killed is posted during the night.
Tohoku Initiative.
In the 2011 luminaire, the same year as the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, a special exhibition was held to raise money for its victims. In the 2012 luminarie, drawings by children from that region were used to make lanterns displayed at the event.
Tourist Attraction.
The Hanshin Earthquake left Kobe at a slump with tourist attractions for obvious reasons. One of the factors that brought tourism back to Kobe was the sincerity of the luminarie event in honoring the victims of the earthquake.
The event attracts around 4 million people to Kobe every year and raises $1.3 million in donations and $6.1 million in sponsorship and merchandise sales.
The table below indicates the number of people attending the luminarie event each year since 2004.
The luminarie also has numerous sponsors. The following are just few of the tens of dozens of sponsors for 2012;

</doc>
<doc id="2866710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866710" title="KMBC">
KMBC

KMBC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866712" title="Michael Ricketts">
Michael Ricketts

Michael Barrington Ricketts (born 4 December 1978) is a former English football player. He played as a striker and was capped once by England, in a friendly against the Netherlands in 2002.
Ricketts had a 14-year career which saw him play for Walsall, Bolton Wanderers, Middlesbrough, Leeds United, Stoke City, Cardiff City, Burnley, Southend United, Preston North End, Oldham Athletic and Tranmere Rovers.
Club career.
Walsall.
Ricketts began his career at Walsall, for whom he signed in 1996. He made 76 league appearances for them, scoring 14 times.
Bolton Wanderers.
In July 2000, then First Division side Bolton Wanderers signed him for £400,000. He started his Bolton career in impressive style, scoring 24 times as Bolton won promotion to the Premier League through the playoffs. His finest moments at Bolton Wanderers include sealing victory against Preston North End in the Division One Play-off final in 2001 and scoring the winning goal at Old Trafford in a 2–1 win for Bolton over Manchester United in the 2001–02 Premier League season.
Ricketts continued scoring in his first season in the Premier League, hitting 15 goals by February, and this form led to his call-up for England's friendly against The Netherlands in February 2002. Ricketts played 45 minutes in that game but failed to score, and subsequently did not score for Bolton again all season.
Middlesbrough.
In January 2003, Middlesbrough spent £3.5 million to sign him from Bolton. He failed to recapture his goal-scoring form, netting just four times in 38 matches. While at Middlesbrough he did, however, win the League Cup in the 2003–04 season, coincidentally against Bolton.
Leeds United.
In June 2004, he signed for Championship side Leeds United on a free transfer. Ricketts failed to impress, failing to score in 25 league appearances, although he did manage a solitary goal in the League Cup against Swindon Town.
Loans to Stoke, Cardiff and Burnley.
He was then loaned out to Stoke City in February, but also failed to impress there, and returned to Leeds. He made five more appearances, scoring once against Oldham Athletic, again in the League Cup. He was then loaned out to Cardiff, where he scored four goals in 11 appearances, before returning to Leeds. On 30 January 2006 he signed for Championship side Burnley in a loan deal that would keep him at Turf Moor until the end of the season. Despite scoring twice in his first three matches against Plymouth Argyle and Ipswich Town, he again failed to impress (he did not score again) and returned to Leeds after the season had finished.
Move to Southend.
On 30 June 2006, Ricketts signed a two-year deal with Championship side Southend United with an option to extend for another year. A clause in the contract he signed stated that he was prohibited from playing against Leeds United. However after only a couple of months into the new season, Southend released Ricketts on the basis that he was overweight and had put on weight since joining the club, questioning his level of fitness.
Preston and Oldham.
After leaving Southend, Ricketts joined Preston North End, playing a handful of games for their first team. In March 2007 he scored the winner against Ipswich Town. However, Ricketts' fitness and his inability to break into the first team on a regular basis led to him being released by Preston on 8 May 2007, again leaving him without a club until being picked up by Oldham Athletic, for whom he signed until 2010. He scored two league goals during his time at Oldham, in victories over Swansea City and his former club Walsall.
Walsall loan.
On 2 November 2007, he returned to his first club Walsall on a three-month loan deal from Oldham. He made his second debut for Walsall in a league match against Cheltenham Town on 3 November. On 31 January 2008, transfer deadline day, Ricketts had his contract cancelled by Oldham Athletic.
Return to Walsall.
On 24 July 2008, Ricketts once again rejoined Walsall and scored nine goals in his third spell there. At the game against Southend United played at Roots Hall on 7 March 2009, Ricketts was sent off in the 14th minute when he attempted to punch Kevin Betsy. At the end of the season he was released.
Tranmere Rovers.
On 14 August 2009, it was announced that Ricketts had signed a one year deal with Tranmere Rovers (his 11th professional club). Ricketts stated playing for John Barnes was a major factor in his decision to join the club. He made his debut for the club as a substitute in a League Cup game against his former club Bolton Wanderers on 25 August. He scored his first goal for Tranmere in a 2–1 defeat at Exeter City on 19 September 2009. On 21 January 2010, Ricketts had cancelled his contract by mutual consent.
Personal life.
On 17 January 2011, Ricketts pleaded guilty to a charge of common assault after punching and headbutting his ex-girlfriend. He was sentenced to a 12-month community order and fined £200 and ordered to pay £85 costs.

</doc>
<doc id="2866717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866717" title="List of fossil sites">
List of fossil sites

This list of fossil sites is a worldwide list of localities known well for the presence of fossils. Fossils may be found either associated with a geological formation or at a single site. Geological formations consist of rock that was deposited during a specific period of time. They usually extend for large areas, and sometimes there are different important sites in which the same formation is exposed. In such cases, the sites should be listed under the appropriate formation. However, many formations are for all practical purposes only studied at a single site, usually the type locality.

</doc>
<doc id="2866722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866722" title="Fiberglass molding">
Fiberglass molding

Fiberglass molding is a process in which fiberglass reinforced resin plastics are formed into useful shapes.
The process usually involves first making a mold and then using the mold to make the fiberglass component.
Mold Making.
The fiberglass mold process begins with an object known as the plug or buck. This is an exact representation of the object to be made. The plug can be made from a variety of different materials, certain types of foam are commonly used. 
After the plug has been formed, it is sprayed with a mold release agent. The release agent will allow the mold to be separated from the plug once it is finished. The mold release agent is a special wax, and/or PVA (Polyvinyl alcohol). Polyvinyl Alcohol, however, is said to have negative effects on the final mold's surface finish. 
Once the plug has its release agent applied, gelcoat is applied with a roller, brush or specially-designed spray gun. The gelcoat is pigmented resin, and gives the mold surface a harder, more durable finish.
Once the release agent and gelcoat are applied, layers of fiberglass and resin are laid-up onto the surface. The fiberglass used will typically be identical to that which will be used in the final product. 
In the laying-up process, a layer of fiberglass mat is applied, and resin is applied over it. A special roller is then used to remove air bubbles. Air bubbles, if left in the curing resin, would significantly reduce the strength of the finished mold. The fiberglass spray lay-up process is also used to produce molds, and can provide good filling of corners and cavities where a glass mat or weave may prove to be too stiff.
Once the final layers of fiberglass are applied to the mold, the resin is allowed to set up and cure. Wedges are then driven between the plug and the mold in order to separate the two. 
Advanced techniques such as Resin Transfer Molding are also used.
Making a Component.
The component-making process involves building up a component on the fiberglass mold. The mold is a "negative" image of the component to be made, so the fiberglass will be applied inside the mold, rather than around it.
As in the mold-making process, release agent is first applied to the mold. Colored gelcoat is then applied. Layers of fiberglass are then applied, using the same procedure as before. Once completed and cured, the component is separated from the mold using wedges, compressed air or both.

</doc>
<doc id="2866724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866724" title="Eau Gallie, Florida">
Eau Gallie, Florida

Eau Gallie (IPA: "/oʊ ˈgæːli/") is a section of the city of Melbourne, Florida, located on the city's northern side. It was formerly an independent city in Brevard County from 1860 until 1969, when its citizens voted to merge with neighboring Melbourne.
History.
John Caroll Houston, IV was the first permanent settler in the area in 1859. Houston had been sent to the area by the United States Army to determine how many Native Americans were still living in the area after the Third Seminole War.
In 1859, after Houston had been discharged from the Army, he came back to the area with his oldest son and 14 slaves. They began clearing land and building a home.
In 1860, he brought his wife and other children here. Houston named the area Arlington, for a community near Jacksonville where he had once lived.
William Henry Gleason founded the city 1860. From 1874 to 1878 it served as the county seat of Brevard County, Florida. In French, Eau Gallie means "rocky water," named for the coquina rocks along the shore of the Indian River Lagoon.
While eau is certainly French for water, gallie has no French (or other language) translation. The French word for rocky is rocheux. A French slang term for bitter is gall. Hence, eau gall would mean bitter-water. The Indian River lagoon, which the town of Eau Gallie sits on, is salt-water.
Economy.
This art district offers several small galleries and eclectic, little shops. There is a farmer's market on Saturdays, a hardware store, and an art supply store. There is an Art Walk every month. Classes are offered at the local Foosaner Museum.
Awards.
In 2003, Eau Gallie won a national American Planning Award for its downtown redevelopment. A new sidewalk winds 8,100 feet down Pineapple Avenue; people sit outside in the evening, walk or ride bikes. Streets in the area were paved, and lighting was improved. An art gallery was established. Crime has decreased and dilapidated buildings were torn down.
Historic section.
Eau Gallie contains a historic area with several notable museums and houses. These include: the Advent Christian Church, Foosaner Art Museum, the Ginter Building, the Historic Rossetter House Museum, the James Wadsworth Rossetter House on the National Register of Historic Places, the Karrick Building, the Roesch House, and the Winchester Symphony House.
An area of , containing 31 houses, is petitioning for official recognition as a Historic District. The first permanent settler, John Carroll Houston, arrived in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="2866726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866726" title="SDLC">
SDLC

SDLC can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866729" title="Trolley Troubles">
Trolley Troubles

Trolley Troubles is a 1927 animated short subject film, produced and directed by Walt Disney. The cartoon is noted for being the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, a character that Disney and Ub Iwerks created for Universal Pictures and Charles B. Mintz. Oswald would later serve as the basis for Mickey Mouse.
History.
In the early summer of 1927, Disney finished the first Oswald cartoon, entitled "Poor Papa". However, Universal was not very satisfied. They had expected a more Charlie Chaplin-like character and thought Oswald was too elderly and too fat. Disney agreed to make some changes and the cartoon was not released in theatres at the time.
Instead, Oswald's second-produced cartoon was submitted for release: "Trolley Troubles". Universal was pleased and the short was released by Universal on September 5, 1927.
The press loved the new cartoon series Walt made and Oswald became a true hero. From that moment on, a new cartoon was released every two weeks.
As for "Poor Papa", it was released eventually in theatres, although Universal held it back until 1928. In total, nine Oswald cartoons were released in 1927.
The copyright for "Trolley Troubles" expired in 1955.
The cartoon was reissued November 23, 1931 after Walter Lantz Productions took over the Oswald series. This re-release was completed with music and sound effects.
In 2007, "Trolley Troubles" was released on Disney DVD in the Walt Disney Treasures volume "The Adventures of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit."
Story.
Oswald is preparing a trolley to transport his Bunny Kids and other animal characters, but there are some obstacles. One is a cow that walks onto the tracks and refuses to move until Oswald drives the trolley underneath her. Oswald thinks that all is well until the hill gets steep. Oswald uses a goat to get the trolley up the hill; then down the hill. The trolley unexpectedly goes onto a bumpy road, forcing Oswald to toss his Bunny Kids out of the trolley one by one. Oswald prays that he'll live; takes off his foot and rubs it on his head (as per the saying that a rabbit's foot gives you good luck). Eventually the trolley crashes into a river and becomes a raft. Oswald uses a big stick to row it downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="2866733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866733" title="Matsuba-kai">
Matsuba-kai

The is a yakuza organization based in Tokyo, Japan. The Matsuba-kai is a designated yakuza group with an estimated 1,500 active members and 600 semi-active members.
__TOC__
History.
The group was formed in 1936 in Sumida, Tokyo as a construction company named the by bakuto Masaru Sekine. In 1946 they were involved in the 1946 Shibuya incident where they fought for control of the local black markets. The Sekine-gumi rapidly expanded, but in 1947 many members were arrested by GHQ for firearms possession, resulting in the group being forced into disbanding. The group officially restarted in 1953 with the name "Matsuba-kai". The Matsuba-kai was registered as a designated yakuza group under the Organized Crime Countermeasures Law in 1994.
Condition.
Based in Asakusa, Taito, Tokyo, the Matsuba-kai has its known offices in nine other prefectures including Hokkaido. The Matsuba-kai is a member of a bakuto fraternal federation named the Kanto Hatsuka-kai, along with four other Kanto-based yakuza syndicates, the Sumiyoshi-kai, the Inagawa-kai, the Toa-kai, and the Soai-kai.
In the early 2000s the Matsuba-kai was involved in a violent feud with the rival Kyokuto-kai, which led to a number of shootings.
The gang gained some international prominence in early 2005, when it was revealed that the Urayasu-based cleaning company contracted to Tokyo Disney Resort was run by a member of the Matsuba-kai, Saburo Shiga. Another brush with fame came in the 1980s when the gang was caught smuggling 12 kilos of heroin into Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="2866741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866741" title="Lady Gan">
Lady Gan

Lady Gan (died c. 210) was the first wife of Liu Bei, the founding emperor of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period. She was a native of Pei (present-day Pei County, Jiangsu).
When Liu Bei visited Yu Province, he stayed in Xiaopei (小沛; present-day Pei County, Xuzhou, Jiangsu), where he met Lady Gan and took her as his concubine. She followed Liu Bei to Jing Province later, where she gave birth to Liu Shan. During the Battle of Changban, Liu Bei fled and abandoned her and Liu Shan, but she and her son were both saved by Zhao Yun. She was buried in Nan Commandery (南郡; around present-day Jingzhou, Hubei) after her death.
In 221, after Liu Bei proclaimed himself "Emperor of Shu Han", he granted Lady Gan the posthumous title of "Lady Huangsi" (皇思夫人), which literally means "the Lady whom the Emperor missed". Lady Gan's remains were excavated from Nan Commandery for reburial in Shu (present-day Sichuan), but Liu Bei died before this was completed.
Later, after Liu Shan succeeded his father Liu Bei as emperor of Shu, Zhuge Liang wrote a memorial to Liu Shan, suggesting that Lady Gan be honoured and buried together with Liu Bei. Liu Shan obliged and granted his mother the posthumous title of "Empress Zhaolie" (昭烈皇后) to match his father's posthumous title of "Emperor Zhaolie".

</doc>
<doc id="2866749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866749" title="Seven Pines">
Seven Pines

Seven Pines (and the Seven Pines National Cemetery) are located in the unincorporated town of Sandston in Henrico County, Virginia. Cemetery records state the name is derived from for a group of seven pine trees planted within the national cemetery in 1869 near the intersection of the old Williamsburg-Richmond Stage Road and the Nine Mile Road, however, the name "Seven Pines" pre-dates the establishment of the cemetery. Earlier maps and records, especially those from the American Civil War, commonly refer to the location as "Seven Pines." Today, the surrounding area is still referred to as "Seven Pines" although the local township is Sandston.
During the Civil War, several major battles of the Peninsula Campaign in 1862 took place nearby, including the Seven Pines (as named in Confederate records; the name in Federal records was Fair Oaks), and the smaller engagements of Oak Grove, Golding's Farm, Allen's Farm, Savage's Station, and White Oak Swamp. The National Cemetery was established in 1866. Most of the interments are of Federal (Union) soldiers that were originally hastily buried on the Seven Pines battlefield in makeshift graves. The cemetery's are located near the center of General George B. McClellan's second and main defense line of the May 31, 1862. To help facilitate visitation, an electric street railway was built to the site by a company formed in 1888. The railway has long since been removed and most visitors now park in the cemetery's driveway next to the caretaker's lodge.
Seven Pines National Cemetery was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2866750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866750" title="Cytec Industries">
Cytec Industries

Cytec Industries Incorporated, based in Woodland Park, New Jersey is a speciality chemicals and materials technology company with pro-forma sales in 2004, including the Surface Specialties acquisition, of approximately $3.0 billion. Cytec is a result of its spin-off from American Cyanamid Company. It makes resins, plastics, and composite materials, especially for the aerospace industry and other users of specialty materials.
Cytec currently has about 3,600 employees in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Australia. It is listed in NYSE with stock symbol "CYT".

</doc>
<doc id="2866755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866755" title="Jan Hanlo">
Jan Hanlo

Johannes Bernardus Maria Raphael Hanlo (Bandoeng, Indonesia, 29 May 1912 - Maastricht, 16 June 1969) was, under the pen name Jan Hanlo, a Dutch poet and writer.

</doc>
<doc id="2866761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866761" title="273rd Reserve Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)">
273rd Reserve Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)

The German 273rd Reserve Panzer Division was a reserve army division in case anything were to happen to the 1st Panzer Division. After the Battle of Kursk German 273rd Reserve Panzer Division was used for augmenting of 1st Panzer Division, whereas their remaining forces were shifted to Italian front.

</doc>
<doc id="2866770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866770" title="Valdemaras Chomičius">
Valdemaras Chomičius

Valdemaras Chomičius (also known as Valdemaras Homicius) (born May 4, 1959 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player for the Soviet and Lithuanian national basketball team. Assistant coach on the Lithuanian national team. This year, 2009/2010, head coach for UNICS Kazan in Russia.
As a 192 cm (6'3¾") tall point guard he is best remembered as the captain from the "golden years" of Žalgiris Kaunas by winning three consecutive USSR League championships against the rival CSKA Moscow in 1985–1987. His former teams include Žalgiris Kaunas, Forum Valladolid, CAI Zaragoza. He also has played in Italy for Aprimatic Bologna (Serie A2) in the 1990–1991 season. He last played for Olimpas Žemaitija during the 1996–1997 season.
He head coached the Lithuania national team to win the Stanković Continental Champions Cup in China in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="2866771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866771" title="Estanislao Struway">
Estanislao Struway

Estanislao Struway Samaniego (born 25 June 1968) is a former football (soccer) midfielder from Paraguay, who was nicknamed Taní during his career.
Club.
At club level Struway spent most of his career in Paraguay where he won five league titles. He also played at professional level in Argentina, Peru and Brazil. His first club was Cerro Porteño where he made his debut in 1988, he won two titles in his first spell with the club in 1990 and 1992.
Struway joined Argentine Racing Club de Avellaneda in 1995 but never settled, he joined 2nd division Los Andes the next season. In 1996 he played for Sporting Cristal in Peru.
Struway played in Brazil in the late 1990s, making appearances for Portuguesa and Coritiba.
In 1999 he returned to Cerro Porteño where he won another Paraguayan league title in 2001. In 2002 he moved to Libertad where he was part of two more league championship winning campaigns. He spent his last years playing for 12 de Octubre and then Sportivo Iteño before his retirement in 2005.
International.
Struway made his international debut for the Paraguay national football team on 27 February 1991 in a friendly match against Brazil (1-1). He obtained a total number of 74 international caps, scoring four goals for the national side. He played in the 2002 FIFA World Cup and in five editions of the Copa América: 1991, 1993, 1995, 1997 and 2001
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2866777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866777" title="Pro Wrestling X">
Pro Wrestling X

Pro Wrestling X is a professional wrestling video game. It is under development by WishboneX Creations, a new developmental studio based in Canada, in conjunction with consumer group Wrestling Gamers United. It is billed as being "A game that was built by the people, for the people". The game began development in an official capacity in June 2006 (with the opening of the developer's Vancouver-based studio), and was currently in the process of being shopped around to prospective publishers 
As of September 2008, an update to the games creators website made the headline "Not. Dead. Yet.". The statement was made to assure fans that the project was not abandoned; many fans were concerned about the project's progress for it had been very long since the website had been updated. The developers continue to send weekly updates on the development of the game to users subscribed to their mailing list. The site was updated stating they can keep track of the game progress through Twitter and Facebook.
Several gameplay videos have been uploaded to YouTube showing the game's progress so far, as well as several screenshots of the game being uploaded to Facebook.
On December 17, 2012, an early test build of Pro Wrestling X: Uprising was released to the public as part of a new funding campaign to fund further development. It was able be downloaded digitally at the official Pro Wrestling X website.
Post-Uprising.
After the release of Pro Wrestling X: Uprising the developers decided the game required a massive overhaul. The art, animation, graphics, rendering and engine were upgraded as well as well as attempting to get PWX on Steam through the Steam Greenlight process. A second Kickstarter was started in March 2014. Their goal of $6,400 was reached in a day and they climbed to #32 on the Steam Greenlight rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="2866789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866789" title="Dolgoprudny">
Dolgoprudny

Dolgoprudny () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located about north of Moscow city center. The town's name is derived from Russian "" ("dolgy prud", lit. "long pond")—a long and narrow pond situated in the northeastern part of the town. The town's name is sometimes colloquially shortened as "Dolgopa". Population: 
Geography.
The territory of the town borders with Moscow in the south and in the east, Khimki in the southwest, and is limited by the Moscow Canal in the west and by the Klyazminskoye Reservoir in the north. The town can be reached by suburban train from the Savyolovsky Terminal of Moscow in about twenty minutes to one of the three platforms: Novodachnaya, Dolgoprudnaya, or Vodniki, or by bus shuttle from Rechnoy Vokzal and Altufyevo stations of the Moscow Metro. The Dmitrovskoye highway connecting Moscow with Dmitrov and Dubna passes just east of the town.
History.
A settlement of Vinogradovo situated in the place of the modern town was known at least since the 17th century. Then a railway was built in the 1900s (decade) and a railway platform was built in 1914. The settlement started to develop as an airship manufacturing plant was built there in 1931. The aeronautic engineer Umberto Nobile worked there for five years during the 1930s. For a few years during the 1930s, the settlement was renamed Dirizhablstroy (meaning "airship building"). In 1951, the famous Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology or Fiztekh, moved to Dolgoprudny, and a construction of its present campus started in the southern part of the town, inspired by the Nobel Prize winners Pyotr Kapitsa, Lev Landau, and Nikolay Semyonov. Town status was granted in 1957.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated as Dolgoprudny Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, Dolgoprudny Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated as Dolgoprudny Urban Okrug.
Economy.
Now the town has machinery-building, engineering, and chemical industries. It is being extensively developed with much commercial and residential construction due to its favorable location and following the growing demand for real estate in the suburbs of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="2866791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866791" title="Kokusui-kai">
Kokusui-kai

The Kokusui-kai ("Patriotic Society") (國粹会), founded in 1958, is a Tokyo-based yakuza organization with an estimated 500 members. Despite its relatively low membership, it is widely viewed as a wealthy and successful gang, controlling Tokyo's fashionable Ginza district. (If one includes local affiliates in seven prefectures of the Kantō region, its membership is estimated at 1,050). Its "oyabun", or Godfather, was Kazuyoshi Kudo until his suicide in February 2007. 
The gang had long been a member of the Kantō Hatsukakai, a federation of Tokyo yakuza groups opposed to the powerful, Kansai-based Yamaguchi-gumi.
This changed in August 2005, when in a surprise move, the Kokusui-kai withdrew from the Kantō alliance and became an affiliate of the Yamaguchi-gumi. The timing of the change was particularly interesting: the Yamaguchi-gumi's new godfather, Kenichi Shinoda, had been installed just weeks before and had made clear his intent to expand into the Kantō region. The merger with the Kokusui-kai, in which Shinoda became sworn brothers with Kazuyoshi Kudo in a sake-sharing ritual, was concrete evidence of the Yamaguchi's expansion.

</doc>
<doc id="2866827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866827" title="An act to regulate the time and manner of administering certain oaths">
An act to regulate the time and manner of administering certain oaths

An Act to regulate the Time and Manner of administering certain Oaths was the first law passed by the Congress assembled after the ratification of the U.S. Constitution. It was signed by President George Washington on June 1, 1789, and parts of it remain in effect to this day.
The House of Representatives reached its first quorum on April 1, 1789. Five days later, it appointed a committee to draft a bill on the manner of administration of the oath for members of Congress required under Article VI of the Constitution. The House also voted that day to instruct the committee to include the following wording for the oath:
""I, A B a Representative of the United States in the Congress thereof, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the case may be) that I will support the Constitution of the United States."" 
On April 25, the committee reported its bill to the whole House, which approved it two days later. The Senate committee charged with the bill added a section requiring state officials and legislators to take the same oath as members of Congress. The Senate approved the bill with the change on May 5. The House did not object to the Senate's change, and representatives of each body took the bill to Washington for his signature. 
The oath in the final bill differed from the original proposal by excluding the two clauses mentioning God, as well as the phrase "a Representative of the United States in Congress thereof." The act stipulated that any senator was to administer the oath to the President of the Senate (that is, the Vice President of the United States). The Vice President then administers the oath to the Senators. In the House, a Representative administers the oath to the Speaker, who then does the same to the other members. State and other federal officials were to take the same oath, administered by someone to be authorized by a later law.
Parts of the statute remain in Title 2, Sections , , and , and Title 4, and , of the United States Code.

</doc>
<doc id="2866829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866829" title="The Mysteries of Harris Burdick">
The Mysteries of Harris Burdick

The Mysteries of Harris Burdick is a 1984 picture book by the American author Chris Van Allsburg consisting of a series of seemingly unrelated, highly detailed images in Van Allsburg's distinctive style. Each image is accompanied by a title and a single line of text, which compel readers to create their own stories. Many famous writers have tried to put their own little twists on the pictures.
The book is available in a Portfolio Edition which includes another image/caption pair from the story "Missing in Venice."
An additional drawing signed by Chris Van Allsburg and dated 1985 is titled "What Happened to Harris Burdick?" It can be seen at https://secure.flickr.com/photos/texasadam/5047537540/.
In 2011 a new book titled "The Chronicles of Harris Burdick" was published, featuring stories by high profile writers like Stephen King and Louis Sachar, inspired by the illustrations in the original "The Mysteries of Harris Burdick" book.
Influence.
The short story "The House On Maple Street" which appears in Stephen King's "Nightmares & Dreamscapes" is inspired by the last image/caption in "The Mysteries of Harris Burdick".
The cover illustration of "The Mysteries of Harris Burdick"—featured inside the book with the caption "Another Place, Another Time"—appears to have been inspired by, and based on an Erich Lessing photograph from the June, 1959 issue of "National Geographic" magazine. The photograph, which accompanies a feature article about post-war Germany, shows a group of children riding a sail-powered rail car on tracks linking the mainland with the Halligen, a group of islands in the North Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="2866832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866832" title="The Lenny Henry Show">
The Lenny Henry Show

The Lenny Henry Show is a comedy sketch show (and in its 1987-88 incarnation, a sitcom) featuring Lenny Henry. 
It was originally broadcast between 1984 and 1988, and was later revived twice, in 1995 and 2003-2005.
Original version (1984-85).
The original version of the show ran for two seasons on BBC 1 in 1984 and 1985. Each season had six episodes. A 40-minute special was aired in December 1987. Recurring guests include Nicholas Lyndhurst (3 episodes) and Robbie Coltrane (2 episodes). Bands featured on the 1984 series included Musical Youth and Second Image.
Sitcom incarnation (1987-88).
Two further series broadcast in 1987-88 kept the same name, but followed a sitcom (rather than sketch-based) format. This version starred Henry as Delbert Wilkins, a well-meaning but trouble-prone pirate radio DJ. At the end, Wilkins went "legit", gaining a job with the BBC World Service, and a son.
1995 revival.
The show was revived for one series in 1995; it failed to pick up audiences and was axed not long after.
2003 revival.
Lenny Henry revived the format once again in 2003, with stand-up and recurring sketches and recurring star Gina Yashere.
Hugh Laurie appeared in the role of a Professor with a space probe called the "Beagle" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2866840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866840" title="Kazuyoshi Kudo">
Kazuyoshi Kudo

In August 2005, Kudo shocked the yakuza world when he became sworn brothers with new Yamaguchi-gumi godfather Kenichi Shinoda in a "sakazuki" (sake-sharing) ceremony. As a result of the ritual, the Kokusui-kai became an affiliate of their former enemies, the Yamaguchi-gumi.
On February 15, 2007, he was found dead bleeding from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. The suicide followed a rash of shootings and retaliations between Kokusui-kai and a rival gang, Sumiyoshi-kai, over gang territory, including the shooting death of Sumiyoshi-kai's boss. The shootings ended with an agreement between the Kokusui-kai and Yamaguchi-gumi to stop fighting on February 8. [http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/p20070215p2a00m0na026000c.html][http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2007/02/15/asia/AS-GEN-Japan-Gangster-Dead.php]

</doc>
<doc id="2866841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866841" title="Zarley Zalapski">
Zarley Zalapski

Zarley Bennett Zalapski (born April 22, 1968) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman.
Playing career.
Zalapski's career started with the Fort Saskatchewan Traders of the AJHL. In his first season with the Traders, Zalapski tallied 70 points in 67 games, including 17 goals. Zalapski spent the next two years playing with the Canadian National Team. Zalapski was picked 4th in the 1st round by the Penguins in the 1986 entry draft. He has tallied 99 goals, and 285 assists, for a total of 384 points in his 637 games in the NHL. He also registered 684 penalty minutes. 
He was a member of the Canadian Olympic Hockey team in the 1988 Winter Olympics held in Calgary, Alberta. Canada would end up missing the medal podium and finished in 4th place. Although Canada lost their first game in the medal round, Zalapski played a key role in the team's victories over West Germany and Czechoslovakia.
After his 11 year career in the NHL playing for the Pittsburgh Penguins, Hartford Whalers, Calgary Flames, Montreal Canadiens, and Philadelphia Flyers, he then played for teams in hockey leagues in Germany, Italy, and most recently Switzerland. On December 2, 2008, Zalapski's skate accidentally made a deep cut Genève-Servette HC's player Jérôme Bonnet.
After the completion of the 2009–10 NLB season, Zalapski retired.
Personal.
Zalapski's unusual first name comes as a result of his father, being a golf enthusiast naming him after professional golfer Kermit Zarley. In 2006 he became a Swiss citizen through marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="2866843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866843" title="Langton Dock Branch">
Langton Dock Branch

The Langton Branch was built in 1885 by the Midland Railway. This branch went from the Cheshire Lines Committee's North Liverpool Extension Line at Fazakerley Junction to Langton Goods station, with a spur to North Mersey Goods. A second short spur, the Linacre Gas Works Branch, which was added later, ran from the Langton Branch Junction. 
Closure.
It was taken out of service 26 April 1968 and the lines were removed by August 1969. The line from Langton Goods to North Mersey Goods was used until July 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="2866845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866845" title="Status of territories captured by Israel">
Status of territories captured by Israel

The United Nations Security Council and the International Court of Justice both describe the West Bank and Golan Heights as "occupied territory" under international law, However Israel's government calls all of them "disputed" rather than "occupied", Israel's government also argues that since the Gaza disengagement of 2005, it does not militarily occupy the Gaza strip, a statement rejected by the United Nations Human Rights Council and Human Rights Watch because Israel continues to maintain control of its airspace, waters, and borders.
Occupied.
In their decisions on the separation barrier, the International Court of Justice and Supreme Court of Israel have both ruled that the West Bank is occupied. The US State Department also considers the West Bank and Gaza Strip occupied.
The ICJ outlined the legal rationale for the supporters of this view in its advisory opinion of 9 July 2004. It noted:
...under customary international law as reflected (...) in Article 42 of the Regulations Respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land annexed to the Fourth Hague Convention of 18 October 1907 (hereinafter “the Hague Regulations of 1907”), territory is considered occupied when it is actually placed under the authority of the hostile army, and the occupation extends only to the territory where such authority has been established and can be exercised. The territories situated between the Green Line (see paragraph 72 above) and the former eastern boundary of Palestine under the Mandate were occupied by Israel in 1967 during the armed conflict between Israel and Jordan. Under customary international law, these were therefore occupied territories in which Israel had the status of occupying Power. Subsequent events in these territories, as described in paragraphs 75 to 77 above, have done nothing to alter this situation. All these territories (including East Jerusalem) remain occupied territories and Israel has continued to have the status of occupying Power.
On the application of the fourth Geneva Convention, the Court noted:
...for the purpose of determining the scope of application of the Fourth Geneva 
Convention, it should be recalled that under common Article 2 of the four Conventions of 12 August 1949:
“In addition to the provisions which shall be implemented in peacetime, the present Convention shall apply to all cases of declared war or of any other armed conflict which may arise between two or more of the High Contracting Parties, even if the state of war is not recognized by one of them. 
The Convention shall also apply to all cases of partial or total occupation of the territory of a High Contracting Party, even if the said occupation meets with no armed resistance."
the Court notes that, according to the first paragraph of Article 2 of the Fourth Geneva 
Convention, that Convention is applicable when two conditions are fulfilled: that there exists an 
armed conflict (whether or not a state of war has been recognized); and that the conflict has arisen 
between two contracting parties. (...) The object of the second paragraph of Article 2 is not to restrict the scope of application of the Convention, as defined by the first paragraph, by excluding therefrom territories not falling under the sovereignty of one of the contracting parties. It is directed simply to making it clear that, even if occupation effected during the conflict met no armed resistance, the Convention is still applicable.
In its June 2005 ruling upholding the constitutionality of the Gaza disengagement, the Israeli High Court determined that "Judea and Samaria" Bank and the Gaza area are lands seized during warfare, and are not part of Israel." 
Disputed.
The Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs and Israeli government websites who support the view that the territories are not occupied argue that use of the term "occupied" in relation to Israel's control of the areas has no basis in international law or history, and that it prejudges the outcome of negotiations. They regard the territories as "disputed" based on the following legal arguments:
Yoram Dinstein, has dismissed the position that they are not occupied as being “based on dubious legal grounds”. Many Israeli government websites do refer to the areas as being "occupied territories". According to the BBC, "Israel argues that the international conventions relating to occupied land do not apply to the Palestinian territories because they were not under the legitimate sovereignty of any state in the first place."
After 1967, a number of legal arguments were advanced which dismissed the right of Palestinians to self-determination and statehood. They generally proposed that Palestine was a land void of a legitimate sovereign and supported Israeli claims to the remaining territory of the Palestine Mandate. Historian and journalist, Gershom Gorenberg, says that outside of the pro-settlement community in Israel, these positions are considered quirky. He says that, while the Israeli government has used them for public relations purposes abroad, it takes entirely different positions when arguing real legal cases before the Israeli Supreme Court. In 2005 Israel decided to dismantle all Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the northern West Bank. Gorenberg notes, the government's decision was challenged in the Supreme Court by settlers, and the government won the case by noting the settlements were in territory whose legal status was that of 'belligerent territory'. The government argued that the settlers should have known the settlements were only temporary.
Non-Member Observer State status.
On Thursday, November 29, 2012, In a 138-9 vote (with 41 abstaining) General Assembly resolution 67/19 passed, upgrading Palestine to "non-member observer state" status in the United Nations. The new status equates Palestine's with that of the Holy See. The change in status was described by "The Independent" as "de facto recognition of the sovereign state of Palestine". Voting "no" were Canada, the Czech Republic, Israel, the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, Palau, Panama and the United States.
The vote was a historic benchmark for the partially recognised State of Palestine and its citizens, whilst it was a diplomatic setback for Israel and the United States. Status as an observer state in the UN will allow the State of Palestine to join treaties and specialised UN agencies. the Law of the Seas treaty, and the International Criminal Court. It shall permit Palestine to pursue legal rights over its territorial waters and air space as a sovereign state recognised by the UN, and allow the Palestinian people the right to sue for sovereignty over their rightful territory in the International Court of Justice and to bring 'crimes against humanity' and war-crimes charges, including that of unlawfully occupying the territory of State of Palestine, against Israel in the International Criminal Court.
The UN has, after the resolution was passed, permitted Palestine to title its representative office to the UN as "The Permanent Observer Mission of the State of Palestine to the United Nations", seen by many as a reflexion of the UN's de facto position of recognising the State of Palestine's sovereignty under international law, and Palestine has started to re-title its name accordingly on postal stamps, official documents and passports. The Palestinian authorities have also instructed its diplomats to officially represent the "State of Palestine", as opposed to the "Palestine National Authority". Additionally, on 17 December 2012, UN Chief of Protocol Yeocheol Yoon decided that "the designation of "State of Palestine" shall be used by the Secretariat in all official United Nations documents", recognising the "State of Palestine" as an independent nation.
Israeli judicial decisions.
In two cases decided shortly after independence, in the Shimshon and Stampfer cases, the Supreme Court of Israel held that the fundamental rules of international law accepted as binding by all "civilized" nations were incorporated in the domestic legal system of Israel. The Nuremberg Military Tribunal determined that the articles annexed to the Hague IV Convention of 1907 were customary law that had been recognized by all civilized nations. In the past, the Supreme Court has argued that the Geneva Convention insofar it is not supported by domestic legislation "does not bind this Court, its enforcement being a matter for the states which are parties to the Convention". They ruled that "Conventional international law does not become part of Israeli law through automatic incorporation, but only if it is adopted or combined with Israeli law by enactment of primary or subsidiary legislation from which it derives its force". However, in the same decision the Court ruled that the Fourth Hague Convention rules governing belligerent occupation did apply, since those were recognized as customary international law.
The Israeli High Court of Justice determined in the 1979 Elon Moreh case that the area in question was under occupation and that accordingly only the military commander of the area may requisition land according to Article 52 of the Regulations annexed to the Hague IV Convention. Military necessity had been an after-thought in planning portions of the Elon Moreh settlement. That situation did not fulfill the precise strictures laid down in the articles of the Hague Convention, so the Court ruled the requisition order had been invalid and illegal. In recent decades, the government of Israel has argued before the Supreme Court of Israel that its authority in the territories is based on the international law of "belligerent occupation", in particular the Hague Conventions. The court has confirmed this interpretation many times, for example in its 2004 and 2005 rulings on the separation fence.
In its June 2005 ruling upholding the constitutionality of the Gaza disengagement, the Court determined that "Judea and Samaria" Bank and the Gaza area are lands seized during warfare, and are not part of Israel:The Judea and Samaria areas are held by the State of Israel in belligerent occupation. The long arm of the state in the area is the military commander. He is not the sovereign in the territory held in belligerent occupation (see The Beit Sourik Case, at p. 832). His power is granted him by public international law regarding belligerent occupation. The legal meaning of this view is twofold: first, Israeli law does not apply in these areas. They have not been "annexed" to Israel. Second, the legal regime which applies in these areas is determined by public international law regarding belligerent occupation (see HCJ 1661/05 The Gaza Coast Regional Council v. The Knesset et al. (yet unpublished, paragraph 3 of the opinion of the Court; hereinafter – The Gaza Coast Regional Council Case). In the center of this public international law stand the Regulations Concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land, The Hague, 18 October 1907 (hereinafter – The Hague Regulations). These regulations are a reflection of customary international law. The law of belligerent occupation is also laid out in IV Geneva Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War 1949 (hereinafter – the Fourth Geneva Convention).
Range of Israeli legal and political views.
Soon after the 1967 war, Israel issued a military order stating that the Geneva Conventions applied to the recently occupied territories, but this order was rescinded a few months later. For a number of years, Israel argued on various grounds that the Geneva Conventions do not apply. One is the Missing Reversioner theory which argued that the Geneva Conventions apply only to the sovereign territory of a High Contracting Party, and therefore do not apply since Jordan never exercised sovereignty over the region. However, that interpretation is not shared by the international community. The application of Geneva Convention to Occupied Palestinian Territories was further upheld by International Court of Justice, UN General Assembly, UN Security Council and the Israeli Supreme Court.
In cases before the Israeli High Court of Justice the government itself has agreed that the military commander’s authority is anchored in the Fourth Geneva Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, and that the humanitarian rules of the Fourth Geneva Convention apply. The Israeli MFA says that the Supreme Court of Israel has ruled that the Fourth Geneva Convention and certain parts of Additional Protocol I reflect customary international law that is applicable in the occupied territories. Gershom Gorenberg has written that the Israeli government knew at the outset that it was violating the Geneva Convention by creating civilian settlements in the territories under IDF administration. He explained that as the legal counsel of the Foreign Ministry, Theodor Meron was the Israeli government's expert on international law. On September 16, 1967 Meron wrote a top secret memo to Mr. Adi Yafeh, Political Secretary of the Prime Minister regarding "Settlement in the Administered Territories" which said "My conclusion is that civilian settlement in the Administered territories contravenes the explicit provisions of the Fourth Geneva Convention." Moshe Dayan authored a secret memo in 1968 proposing massive settlement in the territories which said “Settling Israelis in administered territory, as is known, contravenes international conventions, but there is nothing essentially new about that.”
The commission of experts headed by the retired Israeli Supreme Court Judge Edmond Levy issued on July 9, 2012 its report on the status of the territories conquered by Israel in 1967. The commission concluded that the Israeli control over those territories is not an occupation in the legal sense, and that the Israeli settlements in those territories do not contravene international law.

</doc>
<doc id="2866853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866853" title="Taishu-kai">
Taishu-kai

The is a yakuza organization based in Fukuoka Prefecture on the Kyushu island of Japan, with an estimated 180 active members.
History.
The Taishu-kai was formed around 1954 under the name by , a mineworker who became the first president. The Ota Group was later renamed the , and again renamed the "Taishu-kai" in May 1973. Yoshihito Tanaka (or Yoshito Tanaka) succeeded Ota in December 1991.
Condition.
Headquartered in Tagawa, Fukuoka, the Taishu-kai is one of the five independent Fukuoka-based designated yakuza syndicates, along with the Kudo-kai, the Dojin-kai, the Fukuhaku-kai and the Kyushu Seido-kai.
The Taishu-kai is a member of an anti-Yamaguchi-gumi fraternal federation, the "Yonsha-kai", along with the Kitakyushu-based Kudo-kai, the Kurume-based Dojin-kai and the Kumamoto-based Kumamoto-kai.

</doc>
<doc id="2866860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866860" title="Zheng Xie">
Zheng Xie

Zheng Xie () (1693–1765), commonly known as Zheng Banqiao () was a Chinese painter from Jiangsu. He began life in poverty, but rose in the exam system to become a magistrate at Shandong. However, after 12 years, he became critical of the life of an official as he refused to ingratiate himself with senior officials. When he was reportedly criticized for building a shelter for the poor, he resigned. After that, he expressed himself in art and became one of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou. He was noted for his drawing of orchids, bamboo, and stones. In 1748 he briefly resumed an official career as "official calligrapher and painter" for the Qianlong emperor.
He was also a calligrapher who created a new calligraphy style influenced by his orchid drawings. Added to this, he had an interest in literature and poetry. He preferred to write about ordinary people in a natural style. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866863" title="Vagina (disambiguation)">
Vagina (disambiguation)

The vagina is an internal sex organ in females.
Vagina may also refer to:
In anatomy:
In publishing:

</doc>
<doc id="2866864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866864" title="Guildford, Western Australia">
Guildford, Western Australia

Guildford is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, 13 km northeast of the city. Its local government area is the City of Swan.
History.
Guildford was established in 1829 on the Swan River, being sited near a permanent fresh water supply. During Captain Stirling's exploration for a suitable site to establish a colony on the western side of the Australian continent in the late 1820s, the exploration party of boats found a fresh water stream across the river from the site of Guildford which they called Success Hill. 
Guildford was primarily the centre of the Swan River Colony before Perth succeeded in being the dominant location on the Swan Coastal Plain.
Guildford was the home of Lew Whiteman and his family. The Whiteman family were responsible for the establishment of various industries. The Whiteman family established Mussel Pool as a picnic area for their employees. This land and the purchase of surrounding land by the State Government in 1978 was used to create Whiteman Park. The original home of the Whiteman family are now Tea rooms; the house is one of the oldest standing homes in Western Australia.
Guildford was originally the political centre of what is now called the City of Swan. The original council chambers have been converted to a library. Alongside the library stands the Town Hall; behind this is the stables built for the councilors while attending meetings and as a depot for council equipment. These stables have been converted and are now the home of The Garrick Theatre which is the oldest operating theatre group in Western Australia. The original structure is still visible. Inside the roof has its original shingles still in place, though from the outside they have been covered by corrugated iron.
Alfred's Kitchen.
Alfred's Kitchen is a late night kiosk on the corner of Meadow and James Streets in Guildford, Western Australia. It was established in 1946 by its namesake Alfred Cook. Alfred's main feature is an outdoor fire place around which customers can sit. Alfred's is a popular eatery that attracts a wide array of patrons. It is situated close to where two major highways, Great Eastern Highway and Great Northern Highway, enter Perth. When first established, Alfred's provided a first stop for many weary travellers and truck drivers, entering from the north and east, during a time when Perth had few late night eateries.
The Guildford Association.
The Guildford Association Incorporated is the residents' association of the Town of Guildford.
The goals of the Association are to preserve and promote the historic and rural nature of Guildford and its environs and to enhance and protect the quality of life of residents and rate-payers in the area.
The Association meets each month at the Mechanics Institute in Meadow Street to debate local issues and to support local residents by communicating the desires of the Guildford community to local government.

</doc>
<doc id="2866868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866868" title="Flowerpot Island">
Flowerpot Island

Flowerpot Island is an island in Georgian Bay, in the Canadian province of Ontario and is a part of Fathom Five National Marine Park. The island spans from east to west, and from north to south, and has a total area of . The name of the island comes from two rock pillars on its eastern shore, which look like flower pots. A third flowerpot once stood, but tumbled in 1903.
Flowerpot Island is a popular tourist destination, with camping facilities and hiking trails. The island is accessible by cruises and rigid inflatable boats from Tobermory on the Bruce Peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="2866874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866874" title="Soai-kai">
Soai-kai

The is a yakuza organization based in Chiba, Japan. The Soai-kai is a designated yakuza group with an estimated 230 active members.
History.
The Soai-kai was formed in 1945 by Toramatsu Takahashi, then a member of a Yokohama-based bakuto group named the Sasada-ikka. Originally named the as an affiliate of the Sasada-ikka, the group was renamed the and again renamed the Soai-kai in 1955 when the group became independent from the Sasada-ikka.
Condition.
Headquartered in Ichihara, Chiba, the Soai-kai is one of the three dominating yakuza groups in Chiba Prefecture, along with the Sumiyoshi-kai and the Inagawa-kai. The Soai-kai is a member of a bakuto fraternal federation named the Kanto Hatsuka-kai, along with four other Kanto-based yakuza syndicates, the Sumiyoshi-kai, the Inagawa-kai, the Matsuba-kai, and the Toa-kai.

</doc>
<doc id="2866878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866878" title="Frank Williams Racing Cars">
Frank Williams Racing Cars

Frank Williams Racing Cars was a British Formula One team and constructor.
Early years.
Frank Williams had been a motor-racing enthusiast since a young age, and after a career in saloon cars and Formula Three, backed by Williams' shrewd instincts as a dealer in racing cars and spares, he realised he'd reached his peak as a driver and started entering other drivers, in particular his friend and sometime flatmate Piers Courage. After Williams backed Courage in a successful 1968 Formula Two season, he purchased a Brabham Formula One car for Courage in 1969. This allegedly angered Jack Brabham, as the car had been sold to Williams with the expectation that it would be used in the Tasman Series and then converted to Formula 5000. Courage in fact had a great year, taking second place at both the Monaco and US Grands Prix.
Their efforts attracted the interest of Argentine sports car manufacturer De Tomaso, who built a Formula One chassis (designed by Gian Paolo Dallara) for the 1970 season. However, the car was initially uncompetitive, failing to finish the first four races of the year. In the fifth, the Dutch Grand Prix, the De Tomaso 505/38 flipped and caught fire, killing Courage. The death of his friend seriously upset Williams; the subsequent distance the team principal placed between himself and his drivers has been attributed to this event. The team soldiered on, however, first with Brian Redman, then with Tim Schenken. With no results, the partnership with De Tomaso was dissolved.
For 1971, Williams purchased a year-old March 701, and ran Frenchman Henri Pescarolo. The team later upgraded to a new March 711, but results were difficult to come by. The old car was also entered for Max Jean at the French Grand Prix. After the success of 1969, Williams was now low on funds, living a hand-to-mouth existence from race to race. Pescarolo did, however, keep the outfit ticking over with fourth place at the British Grand Prix and sixth in Austria.
Williams as constructor.
Politoys.
French oil company Motul came on board for the 1972 season, enabling Williams to buy a new March 721 for Pescarolo, while backing from Italian toy manufacturer Politoys provided money to build an in-house chassis. From the (non-Championship) Brazilian Grand Prix, Carlos Pace was entered in the previous year's March 711, later taking fifth at the Belgian Grand Prix. The Len Bailey-designed Politoys FX3 debuted in the hands of Pescarolo at the British Grand Prix, but the steering failed and the car was heavily damaged. Chris Amon would guest in the end of season non-Championship Rothmans World Championship Victory Race at Brands Hatch but, unimpressed with the chassis, elected not to start.
Iso-Marlboro.
Motul and Politoys both withdrew their backing at the end of 1972. Williams managed to attract backing from cigarette giant Marlboro and Italian sports car manufacturer Iso Rivolta for the 1973 season, with the FX3 reworked as the Iso-Marlboro FX3B. Two new drivers were signed, New Zealand's Howden Ganley and Italy's Nanni Galli. However, Galli would only drive in five races, with seven other drivers taking the second car over the course of the season - local Jackie Pretorius in the South African Grand Prix, Denmark's Tom Belsø in Sweden, the returning Pescarolo in France and Germany, Graham McRae in Britain, Gijs van Lennep in the Netherlands, Austria and Italy, Schenken in Canada and finally Jacky Ickx in the United States.
For the Spanish Grand Prix, a new car, the Iso-Marlboro IR, was introduced, designed by John Clarke. Results generally failed to improve, although van Lennep finished sixth in his home race in the Netherlands.
The Canadian race, however, saw Williams attract a great deal of attention. A downpour and a crash led to the first-ever deployment of a safety car in Formula One. With no electronic timekeeping devices, the organisers were left with written lap charts to work out the leader of the race, something made near-impossible by most cars making two or more pit stops in the space of a couple of laps. They came to the incorrect decision that Ganley was actually leading, despite Frank Williams and everyone else saying he wasn't. Ganley then astonishingly led off the leading lights for a while when the race restarted (though the FIA official lap charts do not acknowledge this, due to the confusion), and he eventually finished sixth.
These two points placed the team tenth in the Constructors' Championship.
Williams.
Both Iso Rivolta and Marlboro left before the 1974 season. The IR chassis was, however, retained, now re-designated the FW after Frank Williams. (Three of these chassis were used, numbered FW01, FW02 and FW03 respectively.) Initially a single car was entered for Arturo Merzario, who had replaced Ganley as the team's number one driver; he placed sixth in the third race of the season at South Africa. A second car was entered for Tom Belsø in both this race and in Spain, and for van Lennep in Belgium. At Monaco only Merzario was entered, before the team reverted to two cars for the rest of the season, the second car being driven by Belsø in Sweden and Britain, van Lennep in the Netherlands, Jean-Pierre Jabouille in France and Jacques Laffite from Germany onwards. Richard Robarts substituted for an unwell Merzario in Sweden, but after qualifying was forced to give his car to Belsø after the Dane had crashed his, and thus did not start the race.
There was a surprise at Merzario's home race in Italy, as he finished fourth. This gave the team a total of four points, and another tenth-place finish in the Constructors' Championship.
Merzario and Laffite stayed on for the start of the 1975 season. For the Spanish Grand Prix, promising British youngster Tony Brise substituted for Laffite, finishing just outside the points in seventh, while Merzario gave a race debut to the new FW04. By this time, however, the team's money problems had become serious, and Merzario left following the Belgian Grand Prix, his place taken for the rest of the season by six different paying drivers - South Africa's Ian Scheckter in Sweden and the Netherlands, local François Migault in France, Ian Ashley in Germany (who broke both his ankles during qualifying and thus did not start), Switzerland's Jo Vonlanthen in Austria, Renzo Zorzi in Italy and finally female driver Lella Lombardi in the United States. Northern Ireland's Damien Magee, meanwhile, substituted for Laffite in Sweden.
A major shock came in Germany when a mix of attrition and tenacious driving saw Laffite take second place behind the Brabham of Carlos Reutemann, bringing much-needed financial aid to a team on the point of collapse. This was to be the team's only points finish of the season, but they improved their position in the Constructors' Championship by one place, to ninth.
Association with Walter Wolf.
At the start of the 1976 season, Canadian oil millionaire Walter Wolf bought 60% of Frank Williams Racing Cars. However, Frank Williams was retained as team manager. The team inherited the 308C car used by Hesketh Racing during the final races of 1975, rebranding it as the Wolf-Williams FW05, and took Jacky Ickx back as lead driver. However, the car turned out to be overweight and Ickx qualified in only four races, with a best result of seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix, before he was fired and replaced by the returning Merzario. A second car was raced during the first half of the season by Frenchman Michel Leclère.
At season's end, Wolf decided to restructure the team, removing Frank Williams from the manager's job. Disillusioned, Williams left the team altogether, to set up Williams Grand Prix Engineering with Patrick Head in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="2866879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866879" title="The Devil's Half-Acre, Pennsylvania">
The Devil's Half-Acre, Pennsylvania

The Devil's Half-Acre is a parcel of land in Solebury Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. It is a popular tourist location with people travelling along the Delaware River visiting the older towns and villages.
Location.
Heading north from New Hope and Lumberville on Route 32, which tracks the Delaware River, The Devil's Half-Acre is on the right-hand side between the river and the Pennsylvania Canal. It is just south of Dark Hollow Road and Ringing Rocks Park a mile south of Old Ferry road from Point Pleasant Pa.
History.
The sole building that exists on The Devil's Half-Acre is a tavern that was built in 1800 when the Pennsylvania Canal was being dug. The original owner of the building ran the tavern illegally and it was frequently in trouble with authorities. Current legend holds that it is haunted by the ghosts of canal workers that were killed during drunken brawls. The owner, fearing further trouble with the law, would bury the recently killed laborers in shallow graves behind the tavern.
It is popular with ghost tours in Bucks County due to its history.
A similar name in Bangor, Maine.
The area of Bangor, Maine which was in the 19th century the stamping grounds of sailors and loggers also came to be known as "The Devil's Half-Acre". 

</doc>
<doc id="2866881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866881" title="Lambda Aquilae">
Lambda Aquilae

Lambda Aquilae (λ Aql, λ Aquilae) is a star in the constellation Aquila. It has the traditional name Al Thalimain, which it shares with ι Aquilae. The name is derived from the Arabic الثالمين "al-thalīmain" "the two ostriches". Lambda Aquilae is more precisely "Al Thalimain Prior". It has an apparent visual magnitude of 3.43, which is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. Parallax measurements place it at a distance of about from Earth.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Market Officer", refers to an asterism consisting of λ Aquilae, α Scuti, δ Scuti, ε Scuti, β Scuti, η Scuti, 12 Aquilae, 15 Aquilae and 14 Aquilae. Consequently, λ Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
Properties.
Lambda Aquilae is a main sequence star with a stellar classification of B9Vn, which means that, like the Sun, it is generating energy at its core through the nuclear fusion of hydrogen. It is more massive than the Sun, with about three times its mass, and radiates about 55 times the Sun's luminosity from its outer envelope at a higher effective temperature of 11,780 K. This temperature gives Lambda Aquilae the blue-white hue that is a characteristic of B-type stars. Lambda Aquilae was one of the least variable stars observed by the Hipparcos satellite. It is a suspected Lambda Boötis star and has an age of about 160 million years.
This star lies about 5° from the galactic plane and about 30° from the line of sight to the Galactic Center. This region of the sky is crowded with other objects along the line of sight, with at least 55 located within 10 arcseconds of the star. Examination of the star shows no companions with an 85% probability. Despite this, it is suspected of being a spectroscopic binary star. That is, it may have an orbiting companion whose presence is revealed by displacements in the absorption lines in the spectrum caused by the Doppler effect. Based upon the width of these lines, the star is rotating rapidly, with a projected rotational velocity of .
Related space mission.
NASA's Pioneer 11 space probe, launched in April 1973, exited the solar system in 1990 and continued in the direction of Lambda Aquilae. It is estimated that it will take around 4 million years for the probe to make its closest approach to its destination, assuming it will remain intact. However, NASA stopped communicating with Pioneer 11 since November 1995 because the space probe's power was already too weak to transmit any data.

</doc>
<doc id="2866891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866891" title="KSMO">
KSMO

KSMO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2866899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866899" title="Locks of Love">
Locks of Love

Locks of Love is a non-profit charity based in the United States. The organization accepts donations of human hair and money with the stated intention of making wigs for Canadian and American children in need due to medical conditions that have caused them to lose their hair. 
History.
Locks of Love was originally connected to a for-profit retailer. The charity attained 501(c)(3) Status in December 1997 under the leadership of now-president Madonna W. Coffman (Coffman had suffered from alopecia in her 20s, and her daughter lost all of her hair to the condition at age 4). By September 2006, Locks of Love had provided about 2,000 wigs to recipients for free or at a reduced price. 
Locks of Love representatives are frequent guests on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" and other daytime television shows, where they provide haircuts to guests and audience members. The organization was formed to help children with several conditions that cause hair loss, including alopecia, burn trauma, and cancer treatment. Some children choose to sponsor Locks of Love inside of school and donate their hair when it is long enough. 
Requirements.
For recipients: 
Parent or Guardian must provide:
For donors:
Tax deductions.
As the hair is considered to be a body part and is analogous to blood, any hair donations are not tax deductible according to IRS guidelines but financial donations are deductible.
Criticisms.
Locks of Love has received criticism of poor accountability practices. "Forbes" and "The Huffington Post" report that up to US$6 million of hair donations are unaccounted for by the charity.
Marc Owens, the former director of the tax-exempt division of the IRS stated that, "there are just so many omissions, that it's hard to say for certain that any of the data on the return is accurate.” 
Locks of Love has received criticism for its practice of selling donated hair, rather than using it in wigs as the donors expect. According to the Locks of Love website, some unusable hair (bleached, highlighted, gray, or shorter than 10") is sold to offset the cost of manufacture of custom-made wigs.
Notable donors.
All American football player (and Chicago Bears first-round draft pick) Gabe Carimi's maternal uncle suffered from leukemia as a child, underwent chemotherapy while he was in second grade, and lost his hair in the process. At nine years old, his uncle died. He was mentioned often in family discussions. Carimi thought he would do something "that wouldn't take a lot of my time but would help other people." He grew his hair out for 20 months, until it was long enough in 2010 to donate to Locks of Love.
National Hockey League player George Parros has grown his hair long since the start of his professional hockey career, so he can donate it to Locks of Love.
Lamb of God drummer Chris Adler donated 15 inches of his hair in September 2012.
Seether guitarist and vocalist Shaun Morgan donated in 2013

</doc>
<doc id="2866905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866905" title="Yagyū clan">
Yagyū clan

The were a family of "daimyō" (feudal lords) with lands just outside Nara, who became the heads of one of Japan's greatest schools of swordsmanship, Yagyū Shinkage-ryū. The Yagyū were also swordsmanship teachers to the Tokugawa shoguns.
Yagyū Muneyoshi (1527-1606), the first famous Yagyū swordsman, fought for a number of different lords before meeting Tokugawa Ieyasu, the first Tokugawa shogun. In 1563, he was defeated by the great swordsman Kamiizumi Nobutsuna and was later named his successor, founding the Yagyū Shinkage-ryū school of swordsmanship.
In 1594, Muneyoshi was invited to Tokugawa Ieyasu's mansion in Kyoto, where he provided such an incredible display of sword skills that the warlord asked that the Yagyū become sword instructors to the Tokugawa family. Muneyoshi suggested that his son Munenori be Ieyasu's teacher; Muneyoshi then retired from swordsmanship, and died in 1606, by which time Ieyasu had become shogun. It was at this time also that the Yagyū swordsmanship school split in two, Munenori and his nephew Toshiyoshi each becoming the hereditary heads of the Owari and Edo schools of Yagyū Shinkage-ryū.
The Nara area bears many memorials to the Yagyū family, and their family graveyard lies on the grounds of the Hōtoku-ji. Perhaps the most interesting one is a rock called Ittō-seki, probably split by lightning, which Muneyoshi is supposed to have cut in half with his sword.
The "mon" (crest) of the Yagyū family was a wide-brimmed black hat with ties.
Notable Members of the Yagyū family.
"*Each change in ranking in this list indicates a father-son relationship (a change in generation)."

</doc>
<doc id="2866906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866906" title="Dojin-kai">
Dojin-kai

The , or "Dojin group", is a yakuza organization headquartered in Kurume, Fukuoka, on the Kyushu island of Japan, a designated yakuza syndicate, with approximately 850 members.
As well as being known as a militant yakuza organization, the Dojin-kai has also been known as a "de facto" drug cartel, as its activities have allegedly included large-scale drug trafficking, specifically methamphetamine trafficking, which is traditionally shunned in the yakuza world.
With its activities of drug trafficking, the Dojin-kai has allegedly been Japan's largest wholesale dealer in drugs since the late 20th century, after the disbanding of three other yakuza groups based in northern Kyushu; Tagawa-based Sadaoka-gumi, known as "[Japan's] Methlord in the Showa era" which was crushed by the Taishu-kai, Okawa-based Hamada-kai, and Kumamoto-based Yamano-kai.
History.
The Dojin-kai was formed in 1971 from four old yakuza groups united by the first president, Isoji Koga (former bakuto yakuza born 1934). Seijiro Matsuo, the Secretary General of the first-generation Dojin-kai, succeeded as the president in 1992. In the same year, 1992, the Dojin-kai was registered as a designated boryokudan group under the Organized Crime Countermeasures Law.
Gangland vendetta.
Referred to as a "particularly vicious group" by Jake Adelstein and very much like other yakuza groups based in the northern Kyushu region such as the Taishu-kai and Kudo-kai, the Dojin-kai has been noted for its bellicose nature, causing numerous bloody conflicts with other yakuza groups. Notable ones include the "Yama-Michi War" (, "1986–1987"), where the organization substantially expelled the largest known Yamaguchi-gumi syndicate from the northern Kyushu area. Another notable one is a brief conflict occurred in 1983, with the Kanto-based large yakuza syndicate Sumiyoshi Union, in which a majority of Dojin members moved to Tokyo and had been hiding out around Tokyo with the plan of slaying all of the Union's 76 senior bosses until the Union made a conceding offer of peaceful resolution ("teuchi").
The Dojin-kai is noted for having been isolated in the yakuza world in an uncanny way, in contrast to most other yakuza organizations which usually have at least one ally ("sakazuki"-shared "brother" organization).
In one notable anecdote, during the time of the "Yama-Michi War", there were several offers of help from other organizations but the Dojin-kai reportedly rejected all of them. The Dojin-kai is a member of an anti-Yamaguchi fraternal federation, the Yonsha-kai, formed with three other northern-Kyushu based independent yakuza syndicates, the Kudo-kai, Taishu-kai and Kumamoto-kai, however even the Kudo-kai, the principal member, is said to have avoided getting deeply involved in the Dojin-kai.
The Dojin-kai again started a blatantly vicious conflict, with its splinter group Kyushu Seido-kai, in 2006.
War on the Seido-kai.
When the long-time boss Seijiro Matsuo suddenly announced his resignation in May 2006, a war broke out between the headquarters and a splinter group in Omuta who, naming themselves the "Kyushu Seido-kai" allegedly aligned themselves with the Yamaguchi-gumi, the Dojin-kai's rival and the largest yakuza syndicate in Japan. Seven people were killed during the beginning of the war.
In one incident, a gangster walked into a hospital and shot an innocent man twice, mistaking him for a rival. In another, the Dojin-kai's headquarters was sprayed with AK-47 fire. More than five Dojin offices in Kurume and Fukuoka were attacked with bombs and firearms on May 21 of that year, and soon after that, on 24th, Seido-kai's Jinsei group headquarters office in Chikugo was totally destroyed, apparently by Dojin-kai's bombs.
On June 13, 2007, Zenji Tsurumaru was killed. On June 19, Hidenori Irie was killed. On August 18, the leader of Dojin-kai, Yoshihisa Onaka was killed. On November 8, a civilian Hiroshi Miyamoto was killed by mistake while receiving treatment at a hospital. On November 12, Shigeki Koga was killed. On November 27, Yoshikazu Matsuo, one of the chairmen, and his driver were killed. Both groups announced a cease-fire on December 18 and on February 5, 2008, the war reportedly ended.
The Fukuoka Prefectural Police discovered that the Seido-kai built a cenotaph in July 2009 in Omuta to pay tribute to their casualties. The names inscribed on its surface not only included those of Seido-kai members but also included those of Dojin-kai members. This cenotaph, however, disappeared by early 2011.
The Dojin-Seido war has been escalating since the late 2000s, especially in 2011, when they started using military machine guns and tossing grenades at each other.
Kazuma Umeki, one of the top underbosses in the Seido-kai, was attacked with a 10-ton dump truck driven by a Dojin yakuza, and Sueharu Matsunaga, the head of the Seido's Matsunaga group, was killed with a bomb.
Locals' reaction.
Locals became fed up with the yakuza violence and hired a lawyer, Osamu Kabashima, and there were another 380 volunteer lawyers to file a legal case against the Dojin-kai in a bid to drive them out of the town.
Activities.
Sometimes informally and mockingly dubbed the "Dojin Pharmacy" ("Dōjin Yakkyoku"), the Dojin-kai's activities, just same as its splinter group Seido-kai's, allegedly largely consist of drug trafficking.
Drug trafficking.
In one notable case, as introduced in the "Drug Criminal Organization" section in the National Police Agency's 1991 Police White Paper, a Fukuoka-based 20-member small Dojin-affiliate had managed a systematic trafficking ring, selling methamphetamines to various drug-dealing yakuza organizations throughout the country. This group had also smuggled methamphetamines from Taiwan where it had a connection with a local Taiwanese drug ring. This group had used a small island located in Kagoshima Prefecture as a smuggling base, and for example in 1986, this group smuggled approximately of methamphetamines—estimated retail price of nearly US$1 billion—from Taiwan.
Relationship with authorities.
The Dojin-kai has been known for its strong anti-authority, anti-police stance since the 20th century, however at the same time the Dojin-kai has allegedly developed some relationship with local authorities, and it has actually been uncovered, as, in the early 2000s, the Fukuoka Prefectural Police headquarters disclosed that its classified information had leaked out to the Dojin-kai via its branch police departments based in the Chikugo region including Kurume.

</doc>
<doc id="2866908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866908" title="Alexei Zhamnov">
Alexei Zhamnov

Alexei Yuryevich "Alex" Zhamnov (; born October 1, 1970) is a Russian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Blackhawks, Philadelphia Flyers and Boston Bruins. He is the general manager of Vityaz Chekhov of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
International play.
Zhamnov has been a part of three Olympic games, winning gold, silver, and bronze medals with the Unified Team and Russian clubs. He was selected to play in Turin 2006, but did not participate due to injury. During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Zhamnov spent time playing in his homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="2866910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866910" title="Aramex">
Aramex

Aramex (Arabic: ارامكس "’arāmaks") is a global transportation and logistics services company providing a variety of express, logistics, freight forwarding, and domestic distribution services. The company was established in 1982, and is headquartered in Amman, Jordan. Aramex also provides a number of retail services including mail-order catalog services and mail forwarding services.
History.
Aramex was founded by Fadi Ghandour in 1982, where its name was acronym of "ARab AMerican EXpress" before its brand name Aramex. In 1982, Mr. Ghandour began operations as an express wholesaler to North American express delivery companies such as FedEx, Purolator, Burlington Northern, Emery, and Airborne Express with DHL as its main competitor in the region. In 1990, Aramex co-founded the Overseas Express Carriers (OEC) network, along with Airborne Express, an alliance of independent global express companies that functioned as a worldwide delivery network for its members to compete with larger companies.
In 1997, Aramex was listed on the NASDAQ, and was the first international company in the region to do so. In 2002, as Aramex was celebrating its 20th anniversary, it was approached by Abraaj Capital and consequently Aramex decided to delist from the NASDAQ. The Company moved to private ownership after being acquired in a leveraged management buyout by Aramex CEO and co-founder Fadi Ghandour.
In 2003, DHL acquired Airborne Express, Aramex’s main United States partner. This resulted in Airborne Express exiting the Airborne Alliance. In the same year, Aramex took over the alliance and co-founded the Global Distribution Alliance (GDA), a global alliance of 40 express companies with combined revenues of $7.5 billion. Aramex is chairing the alliance which uses a shipment management system developed by the company.
After deciding to list on the Dubai stock market, the company's initial public offering made available a total of about 550 million shares to the public at a price of Dh1 per share.
As part of its expansion plans, Aramex concluded a series of acquisitions, including Priority Airfreight, InfoFort, Freight Professionals and TwoWay-Vanguard.
World-renowned writer and columnist Thomas L. Friedman used Aramex in his book "The World Is Flat" as an example of companies that benefit from what he calls the flattening of the world. The flattening of the world is the leveling of the economic field and the destruction of “barriers to entry,” opening the door wide for an individual or a company anywhere in the world to collaborate or compete globally.

</doc>
<doc id="2866911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866911" title="Wang Shishen">
Wang Shishen

Wang Shishen (1686–1759) was a Chinese painter and calligrapher during the Qing Dynasty. 
Wang was native of Xiuning in the Anhui province during the Qing dynasty. His style name was 'Jinren' and his sobriquets were 'Chaolin' and 'Xidong waishi'. He was born poor, but later made a good living as a painter and one of the Eight Eccentrics of Yangzhou. Despite that he still tended to be poor, but relatively happy, and devoted to painting research. Wang would become noted as one of the greatest Chinese painters of plum blossoms. He was also talented in painting human figures, calligraphy, and seal cutting.

</doc>
<doc id="2866919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866919" title="Edict of 1577">
Edict of 1577

The Edict of 1577 (also known as the Perpetual Edict) was signed in February 1577 in Marche-en-Famenne by the new Spanish governor-general of the Habsburg Netherlands, Don John of Austria. This accord provided for the removal of Spanish forces from the Netherlands. Moreover, the edict agreed to uphold the tenets of the Pacification of Ghent. However, in July 1577, Don John began plans for a new campaign against the Dutch rebels. Elizabeth I approved of both the Pacification of Ghent and the Edict of 1577, therefore offering loans and military aid to the Dutch. When it became clear that John would go back on his agreement, Elizabeth planned to defend the provinces with aid of £100,000 and troops against John if he attacked.

</doc>
<doc id="2866928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866928" title="Shoot Ogawa">
Shoot Ogawa

Shoot Ogawa (born 1975) is a magician from Tokyo, Japan who has been interested in magic from the age of 10. Ogawa has been featured on television in Japan and is a corporate entertainer.
Some of his most renowned tricks include the "Ninja Rings" and the "Muscle Pass" which he introduced to American magicians and helped make famous. In Feb 2008, he introduced his "Laws of Attraction" illusion to the Blackpool Magic Convention to an exclusive audience of professional magicians.
Ogawa was named the 2008 Parlour Magician of the Year by Academy of Magical Arts. Previously, he was awarded Closeup Magician of the Year in 2003 and 2006, which is even more remarkable considering 2003 was his first year in America, and Ogawa spoke very little English. Ogawa also won 1st place at the close-up competition in the MacMillan International Convention in 2002.
He has been featured on the cover of the Magic Magazine March 2003 issue. He has also appeared on "After Dark At The Magic Castle."

</doc>
<doc id="2866937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866937" title="Mary Mapes Dodge">
Mary Mapes Dodge

Mary Mapes Dodge (January 26, 1831 – August 21, 1905) was an American children's writer and editor, best known for her novel "Hans Brinker".
Biography.
Mary was born Mary Elizabeth Mapes to Prof. James Jay Mapes and Sophia Furman in New York City. She acquired a good education under private tutors. In 1851 she married the lawyer William Dodge. Within the next four years she gave birth to two sons, James and Harrington. In 1857, William faced serious financial difficulties and left his family in 1858. A month after his disappearance his body was found dead from an apparent drowning, and Mary Mapes Dodge became a widow.
In 1859 she began writing and editing, working with her father to publish two magazines, the "Working Farmer" and the "United States Journal". Within a few years she had great success with a collection of short stories, "The Irvington Stories" (1864), and a novel was solicited. Dodge then wrote "Hans Brinker, or the Silver Skates", which became an instant bestseller and was awarded a prize of fifteen hundred francs by the French Academy.
Later in life she was an associate editor of "Hearth and Home", edited by Harriet Beecher Stowe. She had charge of the household and children's departments of that paper for many years. She became an editor in her own right with the children's "St. Nicholas Magazine", for she was able to solicit stories from a number of well-known writers including Mark Twain, Louisa May Alcott, and Robert Louis Stevenson. "St. Nicholas" became one of the most successful magazines for children during the second half of the nineteenth century, with a circulation of almost 70,000 copies.
Dodge died at her summer cottage in Tannersville, New York, in 1905. She is buried in the Evergreen Cemetery, at 1137 North Broad Street, Hillside, New Jersey.
Trivia.
Her daughter-in-law, Mrs. James Mapes Dodge (Josephine Kern), was the sculptor of "The Good Fairy Statue" in 1916.
Major works.
Prose
Verse

</doc>
<doc id="2866947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866947" title="Milton R. Krasner">
Milton R. Krasner

Milton R. Krasner, A.S.C. (February 17, 1904 – July 17, 1988) was a cinematographer who won an Academy Award for "Three Coins in the Fountain" (1954).
Career.
Working in films since the 1930s, Krasner is remembered for his work in the 1950s at 20th Century-Fox, where he photographed many of the studio's technicolor films including "Demetrius and the Gladiators" (1954), "Désirée" (1954), "The Rains of Ranchipur" (1955), among others. His last film was "Beneath the Planet of the Apes" (1970).
Some of his memorable films include "A Double Life", "The Set-Up", "All About Eve" and "The Seven Year Itch."
Filmography.
Source:
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="2866949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866949" title="Panamint City, California">
Panamint City, California

Panamint City is a ghost town in the Panamint Range, near Death Valley, in Inyo County, California, USA. It is also known by the official Board of Geographic Names as Panamint. Panamint was a boom town founded after silver and copper were found there in 1872. By 1874, the town had a population of about 2,000. Its main street was one mile (1.6 km) long. Panamint had its own newspaper, the "Panamint News". Silver was the principal product mined in the area. The town is located about three miles northwest of Sentinel Peak. According to the National Geographic Names Database, NAD27 latitude and longitude for the locale are , and the feature ID number is 1661185. The elevation of this location is identified as being 6,280 feet AMSL. The similar-sounding Panamint Springs, California, is located about 25.8 miles at 306.4 degrees off true north near Panamint Junction. 
History.
Panamint City is the site of the largest and most elaborate group of Coso Painted Style pictographs. The presence of these pictographs indicates that Surprise Canyon was inhabited by Shoshone and/or Kawaiisu not long before the town was founded. 
Silver was discovered by William L. Kennedy, Robert L. Stewart, and Richard C. Jacobs, bandits who were using Surprise Canyon as a hideout. EP Raines, an early investor in Panamint mining, convinced a group of Los Angeles businessmen to build a wagon road and then moved on to San Francisco, where he met Nevada Senator John P. Jones. Jones and the other Nevada Senator, William M. Stewart, created the Panamint Mining Company and bought up the larger mines. The two were quite famous for their heavy involvement in silver mining in Nevada, and their interest in Panamint started the boom.
Founded in 1873-74, the town grew to include many mills, saloons, stores, a red light district, and a cemetery - all built along the uppermost end of Surprise Canyon. Panamint City was regarded as a "bad and wicked" town, with Death Valley at one end of town and the Panamint Range at the other end. Because of Panamint City's lawless reputation, Wells Fargo refused to open an office there. The senators solved the question of how to transport the silver bullion from the mines by casting it into 450-pound cannonballs, which were hauled to Los Angeles in an unguarded wagon.
On July 24, 1876, a flash flood roared down the canyon and washed out most of the town. The County of Inyo maintained a graded road to Panamint City until about 1983, when a terrific series of cloudbursts completely washed the canyon out to bedrock. This road permitted large vehicles, such as house trailers and trucks with mining equipment, to access Panamint City (some of these vehicles are abandoned there).
A post office operated at Panamint from 1874 to 1877, from 1882 to 1883, and from 1887 to 1895.
Panamint City and much of Surprise Canyon were added to Death Valley National Park in 1994. Today, Panamint City is accessible only by a 7.5 mile hike, strenuous for even experienced hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="2866950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866950" title="Charles Smith (basketball, born 1965)">
Charles Smith (basketball, born 1965)

Charles Daniel Smith (born July 16, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the NBA.
College career.
As a college player, Smith was named Big East Player of the Year. He was a member of the University of Pittsburgh's highly touted five-man recruiting class considered the country's best. Along with power forward Jerome Lane, Charles Smith and the Pitt Basketball Team became a major force in college basketball, opening the 1987-88 season ranked No. 4 nationally and rising as high as No. 2. However, the Panthers never won a national championship during Smith's tenure.
He played for the US national team in the 1986 FIBA World Championship, that won the gold medal. and the 1988 Olympics which won a bronze medal.
NBA career.
After his college career, the 6'10", 230 lb power forward was selected 3rd overall in the 1988 NBA Draft by the Philadelphia 76ers but immediately traded to the Los Angeles Clippers. After four years with the Clippers where he was among the team's top scorers and rebounders, he was traded to the New York Knicks with Doc Rivers and Bo Kimble for point guard Mark Jackson. Smith was expected to fill the hole at small forward left by Xavier McDaniel after the Knicks failed to re-sign him after their successful 1991–92 season, a role that Smith struggled in as he was primarily a power forward (a role which Charles Oakley had already filled). As Smith's stats declined, he was traded to the San Antonio Spurs for J. R. Reid before retiring in 1997 due to knee injuries.
As a Knick, Smith is infamous for being blocked 4 straight times directly under the basket as he attempted to give New York the lead in Game 5 of the 1993 Eastern Conference Finals against the Chicago Bulls. After taking a 2–0 series lead, the Knicks lost Games 3 & 4 in Chicago Stadium. With a chance to take a 3–2 series lead at Madison Square Garden, Smith's attempts were hampered by Michael Jordan, Horace Grant and Scottie Pippen in the final seconds, becoming one of the most notorious and disappointing moments in Knicks history. The Knicks then lost Game 6 and the series in Chicago to complete an epic collapse, while the Bulls moved on to defeat the Phoenix Suns in the NBA Finals and win their third consecutive championship. However, he was with the Knicks the following year when they defeated the Bulls (sans Michael Jordan) in the second round, but lost in the NBA Finals to the Houston Rockets.
Smith averaged 14.4 points and 5.8 rebounds during his career.
Post-retirement.
In 1989, Smith founded the Charles D. Smith Foundation and Educational Center, in which the building was the first City Hall in the Northeast, and was later converted into a library. The after school center was created for inner-city school children from kindergarten to 9th grades to improve academics and offer a place for youth to get off the streets. Located in Smith's hometown of Bridgeport, it was his dream since playing at Pitt to operate the center that still stands today.
Smith ran a digital media company, based in Manhattan for about 6 years. Smith was also a motivational speaker. He later returned to school to work on his Masters in management, finishing up at Seton Hall University.
Smith was once a regional representative for the NBA Players Association. In 2008, Smith became the executive director of the NBRPA (National Basketball Retired Players Association). Smith started a transition assistance program to help retired players pursue new careers. Smith left the NBRPA in 2010 and later helped establish the Pro Basketball Alumni Association.
Smith traveled to North Korea in January 2014 with Dennis Rodman to further Rodman's "Basketball Diplomacy" effort with North Korea leader Kim Jong Un.

</doc>
<doc id="2866956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866956" title="The Patrician (video game)">
The Patrician (video game)

The Patrician is the title of a series of historical trading simulation computer games for the PC, Amiga and Atari ST published by Ascaron Entertainment. In the games, the player assumes the role of a merchant in any of several cities of the Hanseatic League, accumulating money, capital and consumer goods, and real estate, expanding his company, and furthering his career at home and abroad.
Gameplay.
The main action of the games typically consists of trading, using trading offices and ships. Supply and Demand play an important role in this game. Generally seen as one of the more complex business simulations, Patrician can overwhelm the player with too much information. Players can also build public works, private houses, and industries, pursue a career in politics, and interact with such characters as pirates and burghers.
The games features an advanced dynamic economy which can be influenced by the actions of both the human players and the A.I.-controlled players. This in turn affects the various towns (constantly buying high and selling low will cause a town to grow poorer, for instance). 
By helping a town grow, the player will gain popularity there, which will help in the Hanseatic elections. The goal of the games is to be elected leader of the Hanseatic League, but the player can only take part in Hanseatic elections once he or she has been elected lord mayor of the home town. 
Ascaron released two sequels to 1992's "The Patrician"; "Patrician II" (2000) and "" (2003). The Patrician series was continued in 2010 with "The Patrician IV", after Kalypso Media bought the licenses from the insolvent Ascaron company.

</doc>
<doc id="2866983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866983" title="Nakano-kai">
Nakano-kai

The Nakano-kai (中野会) was a notorious Osaka-based yakuza gang, founded by Taro Nakano (born October 30, 1936 in Oita) in the years after World War 2. The Nakano-kai was known for its fierce bellicosity and thus sometimes dubbed the "Dojin-kai in the Yamaguchi-gumi".
Before 1997, the Nakano-kai had been an affiliate of the Kobe-based Yamaguchi-gumi, Japan's largest yakuza group. But in July of that year, the Nakano-kai broke spectacularly from its parent in a violent attack that led to the group's disbanding. 
In August 1997, four Nakano-kai gunmen walked into the Oriental Hotel in Kobe and assassinated Masaru Takumi, number 2 in the Yamaguchi-gumi and the expected successor to Yoshinori Watanabe. The Nakano-kai was reportedly angry at Takumi for ordering them to cease hostilities in a local Osaka gang war. The attack also killed an innocent bystander, dentist Hiroshi Hirai. Public outrage over the shooting led to a police crackdown and the arrest of many of the gang's members (however, two of the hotel gunmen are still at large as of 2005). The gang was disbanded shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="2866985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866985" title="Euroman Cometh">
Euroman Cometh

Euroman Cometh is the 1979 debut solo album by The Stranglers' bassist J. J. Burnel. Musically, it was an attempt at incorporating electronic sounds into rock. Lyrically, it evolved around the idea of United States of Europe, in the Cold war context. ""A Europe riddled with american values and soviet subversion is a diseased sycophantic old whore: a Europe strong, united and independent is a child of the future."" states JJ Burnel in the inner sleeve.
Guest musicians were Peter Howells of The Drones (drums on tracks 3,5,6), track 9 featured Brian James of The Damned (guitar), Lew Lewis (harmonica) and Carey Fortune of Chelsea (drums). All other instruments were played by Burnel himself.
The album reached number 40 in the UK Albums Chart in April 1979. The track "Freddie Laker" was released as a single on 13 April 1979, backed with the non-album track "Ozymandias".
Printed on the sleeve is a tribute to the Meriden Motorcycle Co-operative that manufactured Triumph motorcycles from 1976-83. The tribute reads, ""The Triumph Workers Co-operative at Meriden have proved that personally motivated enterprise coupled with group interest is a necessary ingredient in successful socialism and the sham they call national socialism could only be suggested and perpetrated by enemies of the people"". Burnel's 750cc Triumph Bonneville T140, manufactured by the Meriden Co-operative, revs its engine during the track "Triumph (Of The Good City)".
Track listing.
All tracks composed by J.J. Burnel; except where indicated
The name in the track "Freddie Laker (Concorde and Eurobus)" refers to the airline entrepreneur Sir Freddie Laker. The album cover features a photograph of the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="2866987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866987" title="Iota Aquilae">
Iota Aquilae

Iota Aquilae (ι Aql, ι Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has the traditional name Al Thalimain, which it shares with λ Aquilae. The name is derived from the Arabic term الظليمان "ath-thalīmain" meaning "The Two Ostriches". With an apparent visual magnitude of 4.364, this star is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of , it is located at a distance of around from Earth. At that distance, the visual magnitude of the star is diminished by 0.15 from extinction caused by intervening gas and dust.
In Chinese, (), meaning "Right Flag", refers to an asterism consisting of ι Aquilae, μ Aquilae, σ Aquilae, δ Aquilae, ν Aquilae, 42 Aquilae, HD 184701, κ Aquilae and 56 Aquilae. Consequently, ι Aquilae itself is known as (, .)
Although Iota Aquilae is listed in star catalogues as a giant star, calculations of its dimension show that in reality it is a main-sequence star. It has nearly five times the mass of the Sun and five to six times the Sun's radius. It is emitting 851 times the luminosity of the Sun from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 14,552 K, giving it the blue-white hue of a B-type star. The projected rotational velocity of this star is 55 km/s. Even though it is only around 100 million years old, it has already spent 91% of its allotted lifetime on the main sequence.

</doc>
<doc id="2866997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2866997" title="Al Thalimain">
Al Thalimain

The traditional star name Al Thalimain refers to two stars in the Aquila constellation:
The name derives from the Arabic term "aθ-θalīmain" meaning "The two ostriches".

</doc>
<doc id="2867007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867007" title="Masaru Takumi">
Masaru Takumi

Masaru Takumi (宅見 勝 "Takumi Masaru"; June 22, 1936 – August 28, 1997) was a powerful Japanese organized crime figure assassinated in 1997. Until his death, he was the second-in-command ("wakagashira") and financial overseer of Japan's largest yakuza gang, the Yamaguchi-gumi. Known as "the man who never sleeps", he also headed his own sub-organization, the 1000-member Takumi-gumi.
He was considered a likely successor to the Yamaguchi-gumi's fifth godfather, Yoshinori Watanabe, but in August 1997, Takumi was shot and killed in a coffee shop on the fourth floor of the Oriental Hotel in Kobe by members of a breakaway Yamaguchi affiliate, the Nakano-kai. An innocent bystander was killed by a stray bullet in the attack, which led to the downfall of the Nakano-kai.
His last position at the Yamaguchi-gumi was as "wakagashira" (the number-two), and after his death, the "wakagashira" post became vacant and had been vacant until 2005 when it was succeeded by Kiyoshi Takayama. The Takumi-gumi's head position was succeeded by Tadashi Irie.
His wife was the sister of Hideki Saijo, a Japanese singer and television celebrity most famous for singing the Japanese version of the Village People's hit song "Y.M.C.A.", called "Young Man". 

</doc>
<doc id="2867012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867012" title="Rhombille tiling">
Rhombille tiling

In geometry, the rhombille tiling, also known as tumbling blocks, reversible cubes, or the dice lattice, is a tessellation of identical 60° rhombi on the Euclidean plane. Each rhombus has two 60° and two 120° angles; rhombi with this shape are sometimes also called diamonds. Sets of three rhombi meet at their 120° angles and sets of six rhombi meet at their 60° angles.
Properties.
The rhombille tiling can be seen as a subdivision of a hexagonal tiling with each hexagon divided into three rhombi meeting at the center point of the hexagon. The diagonals of each rhomb are in the ratio 1:√3.
This is the dual tiling of the trihexagonal tiling or kagome lattice. As the dual to a uniform tiling, it is one of eleven possible Laves tilings, and in the notation for monohedral tilings it is denoted [3.6.3.6].
It is also one of 56 possible isohedral tilings by quadrilaterals, and one of only eight tilings of the plane in which every edge lies on a line of symmetry of the tiling.
It is possible to embed the rhombille tiling into a subset of a three-dimensional integer lattice, consisting of the points ("x","y","z") with |"x" + "y" + "z"| ≤ 1, in such a way that two vertices are adjacent if and only if the corresponding lattice points are at unit distance from each other, and more strongly such that the number of edges in the shortest path between any two vertices of the tiling is the same as the Manhattan distance between the corresponding lattice points. Thus, the rhombille tiling can be viewed as an example of an infinite unit distance graph and partial cube.
Artistic and decorative applications.
The rhombille tiling can be interpreted as an isometric projection view of a set of cubes in two different ways, forming a reversible figure related to the Necker Cube. In this context it is known as the "reversible cubes" illusion.
In the M. C. Escher artworks "Metamorphosis I", "Metamorphosis II", and "Metamorphosis III" Escher uses this interpretation of the tiling as a way of morphing between two- and three-dimensional forms. In another of his works, "Cycle" (1938), Escher played with the tension between the two-dimensionality and three-dimensionality of this tiling: in it he draws a building that has both large cubical blocks as architectural elements (drawn isometrically) and an upstairs patio tiled with the rhombille tiling. A human figure descends from the patio past the cubes, becoming more stylized and two-dimensional as he does so. These works involve only a single three-dimensional interpretation of the tiling, but in "Convex and Concave" Escher experiments with reversible figures more generally, and includes a depiction of the reversible cubes illusion on a flag within the scene.
The rhombille tiling is also used as a design for parquetry and for floor or wall tiling, sometimes with variations in the shapes of its rhombi. It appears in ancient Greek floor mosaics from Delos and from Italian floor tilings from the 11th century, although the tiles with this pattern in the Siena Cathedral are of a more recent vintage. In quilting, it has been known since the 1850s as the "tumbling blocks" pattern, referring to the visual dissonance caused by its doubled three-dimensional interpretation. As a quilting pattern it also has many other names including cubework, heavenly stairs, and Pandora's box. It has been suggested that the tumbling blocks quilt pattern was used as a signal in the Underground Railroad: when slaves saw it hung on a fence, they were to box up their belongings and escape. In these decorative applications, the rhombi may appear in multiple colors, but are typically given three levels of shading, brightest for the rhombs with horizontal long diagonals and darker for the rhombs with the other two orientations, to enhance their appearance of three-dimensionality.
There is a single known instance of implicit rhombille and trihexagonal tiling in English heraldry – in the Geal/e arms.
Other applications.
The rhombille tiling may be viewed as the result of overlaying two different hexagonal tilings, translated so that some of the vertices of one tiling land at the centers of the hexagons of the other tiling. Thus, it can be used to define block cellular automata in which the cells of the automaton are the rhombi of a rhombille tiling and the blocks in alternating steps of the automaton are the hexagons of the two overlaid hexagonal tilings. In this context, it is called the "Q*bert neighborhood", after the video game Q*bert which featured an isometric view of a pyramid of cubes as its playing field.
The Q*bert neighborhood may be used to support universal computation via a simulation of billiard ball computers.
In condensed matter physics, the rhombille tiling is known as the dice lattice, diced lattice, or dual kagome lattice. It is one of several repeating structures used to investigate Ising models and related systems of spin interactions in diatomic crystals, and it has also been studied in percolation theory.
Symmetry.
The rhombille tiling has *632 symmetry, but vertices can be colored with alternating colors on the inner points leading to a *333 symmetry.
Related polyhedra and tilings.
The "rhombille tiling" is a part of a set of uniform dual tilings, corresponding to the dual of the trihexagonal tiling.
This tiling is a part of a sequence of rhombic polyhedra and tilings with [n,3] Coxeter group symmetry, starting from the cube, which can be seen as a rhombic hexahedron where the rhombi are squares. The "n"th element in this sequence has a face configuration of V3.n.3.n.
Other rhombic tiling.
The rhombille tiling is periodic, meaning that it has a two-dimensional group of symmetries, but there also exist aperiodic tilings based on rhombi, notably the Penrose tiling which uses two kinds of rhombi with 36° and 72° acute angles. Another aperiodic tiling, the sphinx tiling, is like the rhombille tiling based on the hexagonal lattice.
The simplest rhombic tiling is topologically identical to the square tiling {4,4}, with all the rhombi in the same orientation, and each vertex has two wide and two narrow angles. A second rhombic tiling has alternating directions of rhombi.

</doc>
<doc id="2867014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867014" title="You're Still the One">
You're Still the One

"You're Still the One" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music singer Shania Twain. It was released in January 1998 as the third country single from Twain's album "Come On Over", while it was the first to be released to pop and international markets. The single peaked at number two becoming Twain's first top ten hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Although it never topped the chart, the song is recognized as Twain's most successful crossover single, and is one of her most successful singles at country radio. The song was written by Twain and Mutt Lange and produced by Lange. 
"You're Still the One" was nominated for four Grammy Awards in 1999, winning two. It won Best Country Song and Best Female Country Vocal Performance and lost Record of the Year and Song of the Year to fellow Canadian, Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On".
The song listed at number 66 on the "Billboard" All-Time Hot 100 Top Songs. It was No. 46 on VH1's "100 Greatest Songs of the 90s".
Song information.
When Twain and Lange had become romantically involved in the mid 1990s, there was criticism of their relationship: claims that the age difference was extreme, and that Twain was solely using him to further her career. In essence, the critics did not expect their relationship to last. Twain disagreed with these criticisms and wanted to address them in public and this led to her writing "You're Still the One". In this ode to the union between her and Lange, Twain explains how she is glad they did not listen to the critics, as if they had done, look at what they could have been missing. Twain and Lange divorced twelve years later in 2010 after 17 years of marriage due to an affair between her husband and her best friend.
Music video.
The music video for "You're Still the One" was shot in Malibu and Los Angeles, California completely in black and white, was directed by David Hogan and shot on December 4 and 5, 1997. It was released on January 26, 1998 on CMT. 
It depicts Twain on a beach at night and features model John Devoe, who later appeared in her video for "That Don't Impress Me Much". The video received heavy rotation, it was Twain's first video to be played on non-country-specific stations such as MTV, VH1, and MuchMusic. The video won awards at the Billboard Music Video Awards, VH1 Viewer's Choice Awards, and was nominated for an MTV Video Music Award. Two versions of the video were made, one with the 'Original Album Version', released to country channels, and the 'International Version' released to pop and international stations. The 'International Version' of the video is available on Twain's DVD "The Platinum Collection".
Chart performance.
"You're Still the One" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart the week of January 24, 1998 at number 75. The single spent 24 weeks on the chart, her longest stay at the time, and climbed to a peak position of number-one on May 2, 1998, where it remained for one week. The single became Twain's sixth number-one single, seventh top ten single and her ninth top 20 hit. "You're Still the One" spent 22 weeks atop the Country Singles Sales chart and 2 weeks at number one on the Hot Country Recurrents chart. 
At adult contemporary radio, "You're Still the One" debuted number 26, for the week ending February 14, 1998. The single spent 81 weeks on the chart and climbed to a peak position of number one on June 27, 1998, where it remained for eight non-consecutive weeks. As it was Twain's first release to this format, "You're Still the One" was her first number one, top ten and top 20 single. It also topped the Adult Contemporary Recurrents chart for two weeks, and remained on the chart for 166 weeks.
"You're Still the One" is also Twain's most successful single on the Billboard Hot 100. It debuted at number 51 on February 14, 1998. It spent 42 weeks on the chart and peaked at number two for nine non-consecutive weeks starting May 2, 1998, making it one of the longest runs at No. 2 of any song in the history of the Billboard Hot 100. Next's "Too Close" and Brandy and Monica's "The Boy Is Mine" both held the number one spot while "You're Still the One" stalled at number two, due to depleted stock of physical singles.
To date, the physical commercial single of "You're Still the One" has sold over 2 million copies in America. As a result, the single has been certified 2× platinum by the RIAA for shipments of at least 2,000,000 copies.
Internationally, "You're Still the One" became Twain's first top ten single in the UK. It debuted, at its peak, on February 28, 1998 at number ten. It remained on the chart for ten weeks. In Australia, it became her first, and to date, only number one. It also hit the top ten in the Netherlands, New Zealand and Taiwan.
Awards.
"You're Still the One" was both a commercial and critical success, winning many awards over three years. The song was nominated for four Grammy Awards in 1999, winning two. It won Best Country Song and Best Female Country Vocal Performance and lost Record of the Year and Song of the Year to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On". Some of the other notable wins include; the Best Selling Country Single at the 1998 Billboard Music Awards, Single of the Year at the 1998 Canadian Country Music Awards, Song of the Year at the 1999 BMI Country Songwriter Awards and BMI Pop Songwriter Awards. "You're Still the One" also notable won Song of the Year at the 1999 BMI Country Songwriter Awards and BMI Pop Songwriter Awards. In 2006 BMI announced the song surpassed six million plays in the US. 
The video also won a set of awards including the Best Country Video Award at the 1998 Billboard Music Video Awards, Video of the Year at the 1998 CMT Latin America Awards, and the Viewer's Choice Award for Sexiest Video at the 1998 VH1 Viewer's Choice Awards. The Video was also nominated for Best Female Video at the 1998 MTV Video Music Awards, making Twain the first female country artist to ever be nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.

</doc>
<doc id="2867024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867024" title="Albert Tocco">
Albert Tocco

Albert Tocco (August 9, 1929 – September 21, 2005), also known as "Caesar" (though this was actually his baptismal name), was a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit during the 1970s and 1980s. He allegedly controlled the rackets on the South Side of Chicago, the south suburbs, and parts of Northern Indiana (Al Capone's old stomping grounds). Tocco is believed to have been the first mob boss whose spouse testified against him.
Early life.
Tocco was a second generation Italian-American, whose grandparents were from Italy. He was the youngest of his siblings, and grew up in south suburban Chicago Heights, Illinois. Tocco had two sisters, Anne (Goff) and Marie (Mattio) and a brother, Joe Tocco. Albert Tocco's father, Michael Tocco, was a decorated World War I veteran and an accomplished business man. 
During the Great Depression, six-year-old Tocco was already working to help support his family. Once a teenager, he helped his father run the largest cement business in Chicago. Tocco was 17 when his father died from cancer.
He became Chicago's most feared man.
Chicago Outfit.
Tocco, a reputedly "Made Member" of the Outfit, oversaw its operations in several of Chicago's southern suburbs during the late 1970s through the 1980s. His organization, centered in Chicago Heights, Illinois, dealt mainly in stolen car "chop shops," prostitution and illegal gambling. Although he was never convicted of murder, he was implicated in numerous gangland killings aimed at solidifying his control over these industries. Tocco was indicted on federal charges, in 1988, and fled overseas to Greece. Tocco was eventually located in Greece by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), who used his young son as bait and returned Tocco back to the United States where he was arrested. Tocco was convicted on multiple counts of racketeering, extortion and tax fraud and was subsequently sentenced to over 200 years in prison.
Wife turns government witness.
Tocco's international escape may have led his wife, Betty, to turn on him. Or it may have been his absence that allowed Federal Agents to exploit her emotions and uncertainties at a weak time for her.
Betty Tocco was believed to be the first wife of an organized crime leader to testify against her spouse, and she reportedly entered the federal witness protection program with their son Michael Tocco, Tocco's only offspring. (He had stepchildren from a previous marriage) Among other things, Betty implicated her husband in several killings, including the brutal 1986 murders of Anthony Spilotro (the mob's man in Las Vegas for two decades) and his brother Michael. The Spilotro case was portrayed in the Martin Scorsese film, "Casino", which was released in 1995. The Reputed Chicago mob boss James Marcello was convicted in the Spilotro killings at the 2007 "Family Secrets" trial, which also saw three other top mobsters and a former Chicago police officer convicted. The version of the killings described by Calabrese was not consistent with Betty Tocco's testimony. Albert Tocco was convicted with the understanding that he was indeed involved in this act. The FBI has yet to publicly announce whether Tocco's name is now cleared of these allegations due to the recent convictions, or if they'll just let it go unmentioned. 
In an interview published in the Chicago Sun-Times just after Tocco was sentenced in 1990, Betty called her husband a ruthless thug who abused his family, broke the mob's, "code of ethics", and even cheated his (step) daughter at tic-tac-toe. Though this article incorrectly attributes such testimony to Betty, it was actually the testimony of FBI agents who had worked on the case for several years, and demonstratively showed extreme prejudice in trying to characterize Tocco in a negative light, given their failed attempts during previous years to attribute crimes to him. Such testimony caused a public debate about the positives and negatives of both Betty and Tocco — littering the Chicago media with public letters and call-ins.
Ties to suburban public officials.
Tocco's trial also brought to light widespread corruption in Chicago Heights city government, where Tocco's waste management company held the city's garbage hauling contract. A federal probe would reveal that Tocco doled out more than $75,000 in kickbacks to Chicago Heights officials in return for the inflated contract. Sixteen public officials, including former Mayor Charles Panici, would be convicted in various bribery and extortion schemes.
Prison and death.
Tocco spent the last 16 years of his life in various federal penitentiaries. The majority of his sentence was served in penitentiaries in Lompoc, California and Marion, Illinois, a supermax prison. On September 21, 2005, Albert Tocco died from a stroke in the penitentiary at Terre Haute, Indiana, where he was awaiting medical treatment for several issues.
Michael Tocco attended his father's funeral after being away for 16 years; he was pictured on the front pages of most Chicago media that covered the event, and described him as a "spitting image of his father". The funeral was attended by hundreds of family and friends who remembered Tocco as a, "loving, family man."

</doc>
<doc id="2867026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867026" title="Earl Slick">
Earl Slick

Earl Slick (born Frank Madeloni in Brooklyn, New York, 1 October 1952) is a guitarist best known for his collaborations with David Bowie, John Lennon, Yoko Ono, and Robert Smith, although he has also worked with other artists including John Waite, Tim Curry and David Coverdale, in addition to releasing several solo recordings.
Musical career.
In the early 1970s, Earl Slick gained his reputation on New York music scene as a guitarist while playing in a band called Mack Truck featuring both singer-songwriter Jimmie Mack and his brother, drummer Jack Mack. His work with Scottish singer-songwriter Jim Diamond was as the duo Slick Diamond. They toured and gave performances for a short time in the late 1970s.
Slick was initially hired by David Bowie to replace Mick Ronson as lead guitarist for the "Diamond Dogs" tour in 1974 (the live album "David Live" was culled from this tour). Slick also played lead guitar on Bowie's "Young Americans" and "Station To Station" albums, released in 1975 and 1976 respectively. It was Slick's powerful playing that made the latter album's "Stay" an enduring favourite of fans of Bowie and of guitar virtuosity alike. After running afoul of Bowie's management, Slick was replaced as lead guitarist for the Station To Station tour (1976), his role being taken by Stacey Heydon. Slick continued working in the studio with former Mott the Hoople frontman Ian Hunter, John Lennon, and Yoko Ono, but also formed his own solo band, releasing both Razor Sharp and Earl Slick Band in 1976. Slick performed on Lennon and Ono's "Double Fantasy". During the sessions for "Double Fantasy", the material for 1984's "Milk and Honey" was recorded as well. Slick also joined Ono in the studio for her solo album, " Season of Glass".
Slick returned to Bowie for 1983's Serious Moonlight Tour, which supported the "Let's Dance" album. Ironically, Slick, who had been ousted as lead guitarist from Bowie's 1976 tour, was the last-minute lead-guitarist replacement for this 1983 tour, substituting for Stevie Ray Vaughan.
After the Serious Moonlight Tour, Slick contributed to Box of Frogs' album, "Box of Frogs". Slick then formed Phantom, Rocker & Slick with Slim Jim Phantom and Lee Rocker. The band released two records, "Phantom, Rocker & Slick" and "Cover Girl". Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones contributed a performance to the single "My Mistake" - an experience Slick cites as one of the most memorable in his career. Between the two Phantom, Rocker & Slick albums, Slick appeared with Carl Perkins and a host of other musicians including Eric Clapton, George Harrison, Ringo Starr, and Rosanne Cash for 1985's "". 
In 1990, Slick collaborated with David Glen Eisley in the band Dirty White Boy, which only released one album, "Bad Reputation" (1990), and industry showcases in London and Los Angeles. He also played briefly in Little Caesar in 1991-92. Working with mentor Michael Kamen, Slick contributed to several soundtracks in the 1990s, including "Hudson Hawk" and "Nothing but Trouble". He released another solo record, "In Your Face", in 1991.
The early 2000s saw Slick return to Bowie's roster, appearing on the studio albums "Heathen" (2002) and "Reality" (2003). Slick toured with Bowie in support of those albums as well, and performed on the Bowie DVD and double CD A Reality Tour. Working with producer Mark Plati Slick released a solo album, "Zig Zag", which featured guest performances by David Bowie, Robert Smith, Joe Elliott, Royston Langdon and Martha Davis of The Motels. Slick then contributed guitar tracks to a Mark Plati remix of The Cure's "A Forest", which appeared on " Join the Dots: B-Sides and Rarities" in 2004. 
From 2006 he was a member of both The Eons with singer-songwriter Jeff Saphin and Slinky Vagabond. Slinky Vagabond were Glen Matlock, Clem Burke, and Keanan Duffty. Slinky Vagabond (the name comes from the lyrics to the David Bowie song "Young Americans") played their debut concert at the Joey Ramone Birthday Bash in May 2007.
On February 11, 2011, UK-based Noble PR announced Slick had joined the New York Dolls for their March UK tour. New York Dolls' rhythm guitarist Sylvain Sylvain confirmed the report, "We made some calls and now we finally have got Earl Slick playing guitar. So Earl's going to be joining us for the upcoming tour. He's the newest member of the New York Dolls, if I can put that right now."
In a December 2011 interview featured in "Sound Check" magazine, Slick revealed that he is currently collaborating with up-and-coming indie artist, Me of a Kind.
In January 2013 it was revealed that he played the guitar for David Bowie on his new album, "The Next Day".
Endorsements and other ventures.
In 2010, Slick announced that he had begun marketing his own line of customized guitar straps, called Slick Straps, in an exclusive distribution deal with Guitar Fetish, an online guitar customizing shop. In addition to the Slick Straps line, Slick has been quoted as endorsing the GFS line of guitar effects pedals marketed by Guitar Fetish.
In 2011, Framus International announced the release of the Earl Slick Signature Model guitar.
In 2014, Earl Slick announced the exclusive distribution deal with Guitar Fetish of his own brand of guitars, featuring his own custom-wound pickups, and aged hardware and finishes. Each is a "stripped-down" model, with only a single volume knob for simplicity. There are currently four models available, the SL52 (a Les Paul-styled guitar), the SL-54 (a one-pickup "strat"-style), the SL-59 (similar to a dual-cutaway Les Paul Junior), and the SL-50 (a Telecaster copy).

</doc>
<doc id="2867033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867033" title="Alberto Fuguet">
Alberto Fuguet

Alberto Fuguet de Goyeneche (born 1964) is a Chilean writer, journalist, film critic and film director who rose to critical prominence in the 1990s as part of the movement known as the New Chilean Narrative. Although he was born in Santiago, he spent his first 13 years of life in Encino, California. He was among the fifty Latin American leaders selected by Time Magazine and CNN in 1999, and he appeared on the front page of Newsweek Magazine in 2002.
Biography.
Fuguet was born in Santiago, Chile, but his family moved to Encino, California where he lived until age 13. He is a graduate of the University of Chile's School of Journalism.
In 1999 "Time" called Fuguet one of the 50 most important Latin Americans for the next millennium. In 2003, he was featured on the cover of the international edition of "Newsweek" magazine to represent a new generation of writers.
Fuguet currently heads the program in Contemporary Audiovisual Culture at the Universidad Alberto Hurtado's School of Journalism in Santiago. He also writes for the newspaper "El Mercurio" and is at work on two new projects: the film "Perdidos" and the book "Missing".
Writing.
Fuguet's work is characterized by a United States/Chilean hybridity, with constant cross-references to the popular cultures of the two nations. In 1996 he co-edited (with Sergio Gómez) the anthology "McOndo", whose title combined McDonalds with Macondo, the fictional town created by Gabriel García Márquez. McOndo represented popular culture while largely rejecting the use of magical realism in contemporary Latin American fiction.
Fuguet's other books are the short story collections "Sobredosis" and "Cortos"; the novels "Mala onda", "Por favor, rebobinar", "Tinta roja" and "Las películas de mi vida"; and the non-fiction collection "Primera parte". "Mala onda", which narrates a week in the life of a Santiago teenager in 1980, has received wide acclaim. "Tinta roja" has been made into a film. "Las películas de mi vida" is a semi-autobiographical novel about a Chilean seismologist who grew up in California and later returned to Chile. Its protagonist recounts his life with references to movies he has watched. Some of Fuguet's work, including "Mala onda" and "Las películas de mi vida", has been translated into English and published in the United States.
2007 saw the release of "Road Story", a graphic novel illustrated by Gonzalo Martínez based on one of the stories in "Cortos". Under the Alfaguara imprint, the book is claimed by Fuguet and by his sometime-collaborator Francisco Ortega to be the first Chilean graphic novel issued by a major publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="2867034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867034" title="The September Sessions">
The September Sessions

Filmed in 16 mm, The September Sessions: The Tomorrowland Story Brought To Life In Brilliant 16mm Film is a 2002 documentary surf film directed by singer/songwriter Jack Johnson. Often called September Sessions, it is the second of The Moonshine Conspiracy film series.
Following the release of Thicker Than Water, Kelly Slater asked Jack Johnson to accompany Kelly for a trip to Indonesia. With the cast living on a retired Japanese coastguard cutter, "Neptune 1", Jack films Kelly and several other surfers including Rob Machado and Shane Dorian as they surfed flawless waves off the coast of Sumatra in the Mentawais of Indonesia. The film captures Kelly Slater during a major change of his life following his first retirement from the ASP circuit. Kelly had fallen into the trap of endless trade shows, store openings, and poster signings that became his life during his first retirement. By escaping both the trade shows and his former life of ASP competitions, Kelly sought to gain new levels in his spirit as he and his friends pulled into the keyhole at Hollow Trees in September, 1999. On the first morning, they awoke and stared at perfectly flawless waves. During the next several days, when Jack wasn't surfing, Jack captured on film the rebirth of Kelly. Jack wrote several songs along the way including "F-Stop Blues". However, unbeknownst to Jack, this film captures Johnson before his own rise to international stardom both as a filmmaker and as a musician.
The September Sessions was the result of this historically important piece of surfing, filmmaking, and music.
Cast.
In alphabetical order:
Plot.
Kelly Slater, Shane Dorian, Rob Machado, and others take a freesurf trip to the coast of Sumatra, where they find themselves surfing beautiful waves, and lose the urgency they have come to live with being professionals.
Also includes commentary by the surfers, and some fun antics including nosewalks, bodysurfing, river surfing and music.
Soundtrack.
Released on December 17, 2002, The September Sessions soundtrack, which is scored by Johnson, are 10 tracks by various performers including G. Love & Special Sauce, Ozomatli, Beat Down Sound, Princes of Babylon, Bombay the Hard Way, and Johnson himself. Jack performs his own version of Jimmy Buffett's classic "A Pirate Looks at Forty". Recorded before Johnson's first album Brushfire Fairytales, these tracks predate Johnson's rise to worldwide stardom.
Special Edition.
Released in 2004, The September Sessions "Special Edition Set" included the soundtrack CD and a bonus DVD. The bonus DVD includes extra lefts, extra rights, "The Making of September Sessions", and audio tracks with commentary by Kelly and Jack plus Brad and Rob.
Awards and honors.
Jack Johnson received the Adobe Highlight Award for September Sessions at the 2000 ESPN Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="2867039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867039" title="Bloomery Pike">
Bloomery Pike

The Bloomery Pike is a north/south named route that runs from the North Frederick Pike (U.S. Route 522) in Frederick County, Virginia, USA to the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) near Augusta in Hampshire County, West Virginia. The Bloomery Pike was named for the community of Bloomery and the bloomeries that operated there.
The Bloomery Pike is made up of three state highways. From U.S. Route 50 near Augusta to Forks of Cacapon, the Pike is West Virginia Route 29. From Forks of Cacapon to the Virginia state line at Good, the Pike is West Virginia Route 127. The remaining stretch in Virginia between Good and U.S. Route 522 is Virginia State Route 127.
Before WV 29, the Bloomery Pike was WV 45 which connected to the current West Virginia Route 45 by way of Frederick County, Virginia to its now western terminus of Glengary in Berkeley County. WV 45 was originally constructed to improve and shorten transportation between US 522 and US 50, replacing the old Martinsburg Grade Road.
Bloomery Pike communities.
The communities are listed from the northern terminus at US 522 to the southern terminus at US 50.

</doc>
<doc id="2867040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867040" title="Nana Gbewonyo">
Nana Gbewonyo

Nana Gbewonyo (born December 11, 1980) is an actor who played the role of Junior Battle in the film "Coach Carter" that was released in January 2005. He was born in Accra, Ghana, but moved to Sylmar, Los Angeles, with his parents when he was three. He played college basketball for Washburn University in Kansas and Henderson State University in Arkadelphia, Arkansas. He played a role in "Gran Torino" in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2867043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867043" title="College application">
College application

United States.
A college application is part of the competitive college admissions system. Admissions departments usually require students to complete an application for admission that generally consists of academic records, personal essays (as well as samples of high school work), letters of recommendation, and a list of extracurricular activities such as club membership and volunteer work. Some schools require the SAT or ACT, while others make it optional. Deadlines for admission applications are established and published by each college or university.
Many college-bound students receive application assistance and advice from their high school guidance counselors. Students who are transferring from a community college to a four-year college can obtain guidance from their college counselors.
Recently, aided by marketing firms, colleges have begun sending out "fast-track" applications. These applications typically waive the application fee, don't require essays, and assure an admittance decision within a shortened amount of time. Critics warn that these types of applications are misleading, because they give the impression that the student is pre-approved to be admitted and may not explore other colleges because this easy option is provided to them. Fast-track applications can be called “Advantage Application,” "Candidate’s Choice Application," and "Distinctive Candidate Application." 
United Kingdom.
Almost all British universities are members of UCAS, a for undergraduate admissions.
Applicants submit a single application for up to 5 courses at different universities. There is a maximum limit of 4 choices for medicine, dentistry and veterinary science courses.
The application also includes current and expected qualifications, employment, criminal history, a personal statement, and a reference (which generally includes predicted grades if the applicant is still in education).
Additional forms are required for application to Oxbridge. One can only apply to a particular college at Oxford or Cambridge in a single year.
Many Oxbridge applicants are assessed through academic interviews and sometimes further testing.
"Gaming" the college application process.
In 2006, the "Boston Globe" reported that business schools were concerned about a growing problem with applications prepared with the help of consultants. The consultants, for fees of $50 to $3000, promise to increase an applicant's chances of acceptance by coaching or assisting with the writing of applications. One consultant was quoted as saying "The schools refuse to admit but the fact is, if you know the schools, there's a real formula..." The consultant went on to say that admissions officers at Harvard look for applicants' leadership experience and ability to work through others, Stanford is keen on personal revelations, family dynamics, and identity politics, while Wharton rewards applicants who tell admissions committees in personal terms why Wharton—and not the other schools—is the perfect fit for them.
The Globe characterized admissions officials as "rankled" by such statements, and director of MBA admissions at Wharton indicate that coaching can work against an applicant: "Sometimes you read an essay and you lose a sense of who the individual is because the essay is overpolished." Harvard has responded by requiring all applicants to sign a pledge attesting that their application is "my own, honest statement," and requiring applicants to give permission to Harvard to contact all persons named in the application for verification purposes. The article says that the three business schools recently began using private investigators to verify the work experience listed in all their candidates' applications.

</doc>
<doc id="2867056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867056" title="Tokutaro Takayama">
Tokutaro Takayama

When he was a young man, his parents returned to Korea, leaving him to earn a living alone in Japan: "At that time," Takayama said in 1998, "I had no choice but to join the Japanese gangster world. This is because segregated people at that time had no way to survive in Japan."
For a yakuza boss, he was a remarkably public figure, often granting interviews to Japanese and foreign reporters for articles in which he always came off as a gentleman. He even filed a lawsuit against the Shiga Prefectural Police for infringing on his rights to free expression. (See court testimony). He viewed himself as an honorable outlaw, championing the weak and upholding the yakuza code of ninkyo (chivalry): "We did not regard "ninkyo" as a bad thing," he said. "Thus, we never killed anyone without reason. I strongly believed "ninkyo" must help the people. It was my job." 
In 1992 the Aizukotetsu-kai became one of the first yakuza syndicates named under Japan's new anti-violence group legislation, which gave police expanded powers to crack down on yakuza. Takayama campaigned publicly against the new laws, even writing a book on the subject, and the group launched a lawsuit challenging their constitutionality. Takayama eventually faced pressure from outside and from within his group to drop the suit, but he refused to compromise. According to Manabu Miyazaki, Takayama said at the time: "I can't accept what the government is doing. If I pull out now, I won't be able to die in peace. I'm not prepared to make any compromises, and I certainly don't intend to quit." But in September 1995 the Kyoto District Court threw out the lawsuit. 
Takayama retired as "kaicho" (Godfather) in 1997. He died in June 2003.
His eldest son, Yoshiyuki Takayama, is also a yakuza. He began his yakuza career in 2003 when he founded his own clan, the Omi-ikka, in Otsu, Shiga. Omi-ikka is a branch of the Nagoya-based Kodo-kai, a Yamaguchi-gumi clan.[http://gendai.ismedia.jp/articles/print/1620]

</doc>
<doc id="2867057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867057" title="Prince George High School">
Prince George High School

Prince George High School is the only public high school in Prince George County, Virginia. The school has just over a thousand students. Prince George High School offers grades 10-12 rather than the traditional 9-12 high school. Construction on the current facility began in 1976 and opened for the 1977-78 school year. The building was expanded in the mid 1990s.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2867069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867069" title="USS Reid (DD-369)">
USS Reid (DD-369)

The third USS "Reid" (DD-369) was a in the United States Navy before and during World War II. She was named for Samuel Chester Reid a US Navy officer in the War of 1812, who helped design the 1818 version of the flag of the United States
History.
"Reid" was laid down 25 June 1934 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company, Kearny, New Jersey; launched 11 January 1936; sponsored by Mrs. Beatrice Reid Power; and commissioned 2 November 1936, Captain Robert B. Carney in command.
From 1937 into 1941, "Reid" participated in training and fleet maneuvers in the Atlantic and Pacific. During the attack on Pearl Harbor, "Reid"'s gunners fired at the Japanese planes, and downed one of them. After the attack, "Reid" patrolled off the Hawaiian Islands, Palmyra Atoll, and Johnston Island during December. In January 1942, she escorted a convoy to San Francisco, California. Returning to Hawaii for more patrol duty, she later steamed to Midway Island, and then twice more escorted convoys from Pearl Harbor to San Francisco.
Departing Pearl Harbor on 22 May 1942, "Reid" steamed north to bombard Japanese positions on Kiska Island, Alaska on 7 August 1942. She supported landings at Adak, Alaska, 30 August 1942, and sank by gunfire the Japanese submarine RO-61 on 31 August 1942. After transferring five Japanese prisoners to Dutch Harbor, Alaska, she patrolled near New Caledonia, Samoa, and the Fiji Islands during October and November 1942.
Departing Suva Harbor, Fiji Islands on Christmas Day 1942, she escorted Army troops to Guadalcanal before guarding a convoy to Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides. In January 1943, she bombarded several enemy locations on Guadalcanal.
After patrols in the Solomon Islands, "Reid" provided radar information and fighter direction for landings at Lae, New Guinea, 4 September 1943. While supporting landings at Finschhafen, New Guinea on 22 September 1943, she downed two enemy planes.
Following patrol and escort duty off New Guinea, she sailed from Buna Roads, New Guinea, to escort troop transports for landings at Arawe, New Britain, 15 December 1943. She protected landings at Cape Gloucester, New Britain, on 26 December 1943, and at Saidor, New Guinea, 2 January 1944. She guarded landings at Los Negros Island, Admiralty Islands, 29 February 1943, and at Hollandia, New Guinea, 22 April 1943. Her guns supported landings at Wakde Island 17 May 1943, at Biak on the 27 May 1943, and at Noemfoor Island, New Guinea, 2 July 1943.
Departing Pearl Harbor 29 August, she supported air strikes against Wake Island 3 September. After patrols off Leyte, Philippine Islands in November, she steamed to Ormoc Bay, Leyte, Philippines. She supported landings there 7 December, and escorted the damaged "Lamson" (DD-367) toward Leyte Gulf.
Fate.
In "Reid"s final two weeks in the waters around Leyte, the crew was able to sleep only an hour or two at a time. They were called to battle stations (condition red) an average of 10 times a day. It was a period of near constant combat. While escorting reinforcements for Ormoc Bay near Surigao Straits 11 December 1944, "Reid" destroyed seven Japanese planes, when the following took place:
"Reid" was protecting a re-supply force of amphibious craft bound for Ormoc Bay off the west coast of Leyte. At about 1700 hours, twelve enemy planes approached the convoy. The "Reid" was the nearest ship to the oncoming planes. Planes 1 and 2 were shot down by the 5-inch battery, and Plane 3 exploded about 500 yards off the starboard beam. Plane 4 hooked a wing on the starboard rigging, crashing at the waterline. Its bomb exploded, causing considerable damage forward. Plane 5 strafed the starboard side and crashed on the port bow. Plane 6 strafed the bridge from the port side and crashed off the starboard bow. Planes 5 and 6 apparently had no bombs or their bombs were duds. Plane 7 came in from astern, strafed "Reid" and crashed into the port quarter. Its bomb exploded in the after magazine, blowing the ship apart. All this action took place in less than a minute.
The ship was mortally wounded but still doing 20 knots. As the stern opened up, she rolled violently, then laid over on her starboard side and dove to the bottom at 600 fathoms. It was over in less than two minutes, and 103 crewmen went down with her. The survivors were strafed in the water by Japanese planes before rescue.
"Reid" received seven battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="2867075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867075" title="Levocabastine">
Levocabastine

Levocabastine is a selective second-generation H1-receptor antagonist which was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1979. It is used for allergic conjunctivitis. 
As well as acting as an antihistamine, levocabastine has also subsequently been found to act as a potent and selective antagonist for the neurotensin receptor NTS2, and was the first drug used to characterise the different neurotensin subtypes. This has made it a useful tool for the study of this receptor.

</doc>
<doc id="2867090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867090" title="Sylvia Ashton-Warner">
Sylvia Ashton-Warner

Sylvia Constance Ashton-Warner (17 December 1908 – 28 April 1984) was a New Zealand writer, poet and educator.
Biography.
Ashton-Warner was born on 17 December 1908, in Stratford, New Zealand. She spent many years teaching Māori children, using stimulating and often pioneering techniques which she wrote about in her 1963 treatise "Teacher" and in the various volumes of her autobiography. Her success derived from a commitment to "releasing the native imagery and using it for working material" and her belief that communication must produce a mutual response in order to affect a lasting change. As a novelist, she produced several works mostly centred around strong female characters. Her novel "Spinster" (1958) was made into the 1961 film "Two Loves" (also known as "The Spinster") starring Shirley MacLaine. She was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire for services to education and literature in the 1982 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Ashton-Warner died on 28 April 1984, in Tauranga. Her life story was adapted for the 1985 biographical film "Sylvia", based on her work and writings, 
Honorific eponyms.
The Faculty of Education library at The University of Auckland—the institution at which Ashton-Warner trained between 1928 and 1929— was named the Sylvia Ashton-Warner Library in 1987.
The Ashton School in the Dominican Republic was founded in 1998 and was named in honour of Ashton-Warner, whose teaching methods inspired the school.
Quote.
"You must be true to yourself. Strong enough to be true to yourself. Brave enough to be strong enough to be true to yourself. Wise enough to be brave enough to be strong enough to shape yourself from what you actually are."

</doc>
<doc id="2867094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867094" title="Franconian Circle">
Franconian Circle

The Franconian Circle () was an Imperial Circle established in 1500 in the centre of the Holy Roman Empire. It comprised the eastern part of the former Franconian stem duchy — roughly corresponding with the present-day Bavarian "Regierungsbezirke" of Upper, Middle and Lower Franconia — while western Rhenish Franconia belonged to the Upper Rhenish Circle. The title of a "Duke of Franconia" was claimed by the Würzburg bishops.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:

</doc>
<doc id="2867096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867096" title="Mu Aquilae">
Mu Aquilae

Mu Aquilae (μ Aql, μ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. With an apparent visual magnitude of 4.45, it is visible to the naked eye. The measured annual parallax shift of 30.31 mas, which is equivalent to a distance of from Earth.
The stellar classification of Mu Aquilae is K3 III, indicating that this is an evolved giant star. It belongs to a sub-category called the red clump, indicating that it is generating energy through the fusion of helium at its core. Compared to the Sun, it has 92% of the mass but has expanded to eight times the size. This inflated outer envelope has an effective temperature of 4,467 K and is radiating 24.5 times the Sun's luminosity. At this heat, Mu Aquilae glows with the orange hue of a K-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2867097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867097" title="Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick">
Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick

Anthony Ulrich (German: "Anton Ulrich"; 28 August 1714, Bevern – 4 May 1774, Kholmogory), Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, was generalissimus of the Army of Russia, and the husband of Anna Leopoldovna, who reigned as regent of Russia for one year.
Biography.
Anthony Ulrich was the second son of Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. His mother's sister, Elizabeth, wife of Charles VI, Holy Roman Emperor, arranged for his marriage to HSH Duchess Elisabeth of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (known as "Anna Leopoldovna"), daughter of Charles Leopold, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and granddaughter of Tsar Ivan V; and he was taken to Russia in 1733, so that he and Anna could get to know each other. The marriage took place in 1739. This marriage was intended to strengthen the relationships between the houses of Romanov and Habsburg. In 1740, their infant son, Ivan, became emperor as Ivan VI. Initially, Ernst Biron was regent, but when rumors surfaced that Biron planned on exiling Anthony and Anna to Germany, they staged a coup and Anna was named regent. Not long after, treacherous coup in 1741 removed the family from power.
The new Empress, Elizabeth, had Anthony Ulrich, his wife, and their children imprisoned. They remained so for the rest of their lives. The years of imprisonment were hard, and the family was periodically denied many necessary things. Virtually all communication with the outside world, with the exception of a few servants, was banned. The governor of Arkhangelsk regularly visited them to enquire about their health. In 1762, Catherine offered the Duke permission to leave Russia, with the condition he leave his children behind; but he declined. He lost his eyesight before he died. He was buried very discreetly, and the soldiers were forbidden to reveal the place of his burial, but his coffin was decorated with silver.
The surviving children were released from prison into the custody of their aunt, the Danish queen dowager Juliana Maria of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. They were taken to Novodvinsk fortress the night of 27 June 1780 and left Russia on 30 June. They settled in Jutland, where they lived in under a comfortable house arrest in Horsens for the rest of their lives, under the guardianship of Juliana and at the expense of Catherine. Having lived as prisoners, they were not used to social life, and kept a small "court" of 40/50 people, all Danish except for the priest. The pension granted them by Catherine was paid until the last of them died in 1807.
Family.
Anthony Ulrich and Anna Leopoldovna had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="2867100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867100" title="HDD Utility Disc">
HDD Utility Disc

HDD Utility Disc is software to format a hard disk drive for use in a PlayStation 2 console, in conjunction with Network Adapter. It works with only the official PlayStation 2 HDD unit. It makes the HDD appear in the PlayStation 2 Browser on the same screen that game discs, video DVDs, music CDs, and Memory Cards appear.
HDD Utility Disc's main feature is to allow creation of folders on the HDD to store game save files. If a folder named "Your Saves" is present on the HDD, games that support saving to the HDD and loading from it will use that folder. If that folder doesn't exist, the games will create it when attempting to save to the HDD. While many Japanese PlayStation 2 games support the HDD as a location to save and load game saves, support for that function of the HDD, and many others, were removed from nearly every North American release of those games during the time before the North American HDD release (ex. "Xenosaga Episode 1", "Dark Cloud 2", "Kingdom Hearts", "Final Fantasy X"), and even a few games afterwards (ex. "").
The only other feature of HDD Utility Disc is enabling launching of games installed to the HDD, though it can only do so if the game supports launching from the HDD, and most games that install to the HDD require being launched from the original disc as an anti-piracy measure.
HDD Utility Disc 1.00 was included with Japanese HDD units from mid-2001, when the HDD launched in Japan, until early 2002, when PlayStation Broadband Navigator replaced it.
HDD Utility Disc 1.10 was included with North American HDD units, which were released on March 23, 2004 as the Final Fantasy XI / HDD bundle, instead of North America getting a release of the current version of the PlayStation Broadband Navigator software. There appears to be no difference in functions between versions 1.00 and 1.10 of HDD Utility Disc.
Due to the HDD not being released in PAL regions, except in Linux Kits, there exists no version of HDD Utility Disc for PAL PlayStation 2 consoles.

</doc>
<doc id="2867104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867104" title="Tabak-Toyok">
Tabak-Toyok

The Tabak-Toyok is a Filipino weapon closely related to the Okinawan nunchaku. The primary difference between the Filipino version and other versions of the weapon is that the Tabak-Toyok tends to have shorter handles as well as a longer chain. Each handle is approximately eight inches long. The length of the rope or chain that connects the handles is approximately 6 to 7.5 inches. The size of this weapon varies depending on the user.
Filipino martial artist Dan Inosanto teaches the Filipino use of the Tabak-Toyok in his Filipino Kali curriculum. Dan Inosanto introduced his close friend and teacher, the legendary Bruce Lee, to the weapon. As a result, Bruce Lee's smaller nunchaku bear a resemblance to these. Bruce Lee is infamous for his cinematic fight scenes portraying the weapon.
In the Philippines, the Tabak-Toyok is popularly known as the "chako". It is often used as a street weapon in Filipino brawls. The smaller size of the Tabak-Toyok allows for easy concealment and everyday carrying. The weapon is best used at long range. 

</doc>
<doc id="2867106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867106" title="The Jersey Journal">
The Jersey Journal

The Jersey Journal is a newspaper published from Monday through Saturday, covering news and events throughout Hudson County, New Jersey. The headquarters were in Jersey City at Journal Square which was named after the newspaper until relocating to Secaucus in January 2014. It is a sister paper to "The Star-Ledger" of Newark, New Jersey, "The Times" of Trenton and the "Staten Island Advance", all of which are owned by Advance Publications, which bought the paper in 1945. In August 2013, the paper announced it would re-locate it headquarters to Secaucus. In 2013, Advance Publiications announced it was exploring changes that affect cost and efficiency among it New Jersey properties, including possible consolidations but no changes in the frequency of publication of any of the newspapers, nor the elimination of home delivery or mergers of newspapers themselves were being considered.
History.
The "Jersey Journal" was originally known as the "Evening Journal" and was first published on May 2, 1867. The newspaper's founders were William Dunning and Zebina K. Pangborn. The newspaper's first offices were at 13 Exchange Place with a reported initial capitalization of $119. A new office building located at 37 Montgomery Street was built by the newspaper in 1874. Editor Joseph A. Dear, changed the "Evening Journal" to its current name the "Jersey Journal" in 1909. The newspaper relocated again, in 1911, to a building at the northeast corner of Bergen and Sip avenues. This building was demolished in 1923 to make room for "Journal Square". The newspaper's current headquarters building is located at 30 Journal Square. In December 2012 it was announced that the newspaper would sell the building and relocate to another location in Hudson County. In August 2013 the paper announced it would re-locate to Secaucus, which it did in January 2014.
On February 2, 2009, the "Jersey Journal" announced that the paper (along with its sister weekly papers in Hudson County), would close on April 13, 2009, if the papers' "revenue is not sufficient to support the papers' reduced expense plan." Its weekly Spanish-language publication, "El Nuevo Hudson", ceased publication after the February 26 edition.
Newspapers in Education Program.
The Jersey Journal's Newspapers in Education Program, supported with an additional sponsorship, comprises three annual events and awards, Hudson County Science Fair, the Hudson County Spelling Bee, and the Everyday Heroes Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2867114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867114" title="Doreen Kimura">
Doreen Kimura

Doreen Kimura (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba) was a Canadian psychologist who was professor at Simon Fraser University. She held a PhD in psychobiology. Among other interests, her interests included the relationship between sex and cognition (see sex and intelligence) and promoting academic freedom; she was the founding president of the Society for Academic Freedom and Scholarship.
While some criticized Lawrence Summers' claims that differences in male-female representation in the sciences could be due to innate ability, Kimura supported him. She was a critic of affirmative action, arguing that it is demeaning to women. She also supported the concept of the biological origin of differences in cognitive ability between males and females (see also nature versus nurture).
According to the CISG's (Canadian Inter-Organizational Steering Group for Speech-Language Pathology and Audiology) 'Canadian Guidelines on Auditory Processing Disorder in Children and Adults: Assessment and Intervention' (December 2012), "In 1961, Doreen Kimura proposed a theory that would attempt to explain dichotic listening abilities in humans. As a testament to her theory, her views on dichotic processing of auditory information recently celebrated a 50th anniversary."

</doc>
<doc id="2867119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867119" title="Mount (grappling)">
Mount (grappling)

The mount, or mounted position, is a dominant ground grappling position, where one combatant sits on the other combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head. This is very favourable for the top combatant in several ways. The top combatant can generate considerable momentum for strikes such as punches or elbows to the head of the opponent, while the bottom combatant is restricted by the ground and by the combatant on top. Another advantage are various chokeholds and joint locks which can be applied from the top, while such holds are not feasible from the bottom. The top priority for the bottom combatant is to sweep the opponent or transition into a better position such as the guard.
Variations of the mount.
A mount which is very high up on the opponent's chest is referred to as a high mount, and a very low one on the abdomen or even thighs as a low mount. A high mount can be used to pin one of the opponents arms under the knee, so as to prevent him or her from defending effectively. This however might increase the risk of the opponent being able to "escape the back door", in which he or she is able to move under the opponent and escape the mount. A too low mount on the other hand will result in the opponent being able to sit up, and possibly reverse the position into an open guard with him or her on top. Another variation of the mount is the unusual reverse mount, in which the top combatant's face is towards the legs of the opponent. Such a position can be used to transition into various leglocks. There is also the S-Mount where one knee slides next to the opponent's head while the other leg is curled under the opponent's armpit (for the legs to form an S) which adds additional pressure to opponent's ribcage and can be used to set up more advanced chokes and arm locks.
Attacks from the mount.
Strikes from the mount.
For those sports that allow striking from the mounted position, such as mixed martial arts, the most common strikes are punches to the face and head. Elbow strikes are also commonly used, and knee strikes are sometimes seen. In addition to punching the head, strikes to the ribs and chest can also be difficult to defend and thus effective.
Submissions from the mount.
The mounted position is ideal for applying a variety of armlocks. By trapping the opponent's arm against the ground, the combatant in mount can easily apply a keylock, known in judo as "ude-garami" and in BJJ as either "Kimura" (medial keylock) or "Americana" (lateral keylock). If the bottom combatant attempts to push the top one off by extending one or both arms and pushing, the opponent can transition into a juji-gatame armbar.
Many chokes, especially collar chokes, are also available from the mounted position. Such chokes are generally limited to sporting contestants who wear a gi or, in real-life combat, opponents wearing thick jackets, which provide a collar as an aid to choking, but attempting them at a gi-less situation can be successful if the performer manages to hold his opponent.
Other submissions such as the Triangle Choke, Arm Triangle and the Gogoplata can be used from the mount but are less common.
Pinning holds from the mount.
Pinning holds in budō from the mount include tate shiho gatame (縦四方固, "horizontal four quarters hold", also called "hon-tate-shiho-gatame", 本縦四方固), which is similar to kata-gatame except that it is performed from the mount. The opponent's arm is pinned against his or her neck, and the head and arm are held tightly. This may result in a potent arm triangle choke. In its variations kuzure-tate-shiho-gatame (崩縦四方固, "modified horizontal four quarters hold"), the arm is not held against the neck, but rather, one of the arms may be held. The stability of these pinning holds or the mount in general, can be increased by entangling the opponents legs with the own legs, a technique known as "grapevining".
Defending from the bottom.
It is critical for the bottom practitioner to be able to defend a mount by an opponent. Typical escapes include the "back door escape" (escaping by moving under the opponent), "bridging" (also called the "upa escape"; escaping by thrusting the hips upwards and to the side). An alternative also commonly used is the "elbow escape", also referred to as the "shrimp" or "shrimping", this involves using the elbows or hands to create space in between the opponent and the practitioner so that the practitioner can work one leg, then the other in between himself and his opponent, hence obtaining the half guard, or full guard. Another option for the defending practitioner is to rotate the body so that the face points downwards. This will however place the practitioner in a very disadvantageous position, defending the back mount, but it is possible to escape while turning, if the opponent has not yet stabilized the position. By simultaneously "escaping the back door", or by standing up in an attempt to dislodge the opponent, a practitioner may successfully escape. Still another technique is for the defending practitioner to sweep his opponent, thereby moving from a defensive position to neutral one, or in a best-case scenario a dominant position.

</doc>
<doc id="2867127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867127" title="HarvestMoon Music and Arts Festival">
HarvestMoon Music and Arts Festival

Harvestmoon Festival is an annual celebration of music and arts situated in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Usually the second weekend of September, the festival showcases different genres of music—both international and local—with heavy representation by Tooth and Nail artists. On the arts side, the festival exhibits various pieces of artwork based on a predetermined theme from local up-and-coming individuals.
Some of the highlights from last year (2005) include Anberlin, Project 86, Thousand Foot Krutch, and Mutemath. This is a popular event that is growing every year. 
2006 marks Harvestmoon Festival's tenth anniversary. The festival will span three days: September 8, 9, and 10.

</doc>
<doc id="2867129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867129" title="List of Japanese World War II military specialists on the USSR">
List of Japanese World War II military specialists on the USSR

List of Japanese World War II experts in Russian/Soviet topics from the 1920s until the end of World War II. The experts listed here acquired their knowledge during the Russo-Japanese War, 1918-27 Siberian intervention, and diplomatic attachés to the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="2867141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867141" title="Lisle Blackbourn">
Lisle Blackbourn

Lisle William "Liz" Blackbourn (June 3, 1899 – June 14, 1983) was an American football coach in Wisconsin, most notably as the third head coach of the Green Bay Packers, from 1954 through 1957, and the final head coach at Marquette University in Milwaukee in 1960.
Early years.
Born in Beetown, Wisconsin, in 1899, Blackbourn attended high school in Lancaster and played college football at Lawrence College in Appleton, under head coach Mark Catlin, Sr. He arrived on campus in 1918, but left after a semester to work on the family farm for several years, then returned to school. He earned "all-state" honors three times for the Vikings and also was a catcher on the baseball team. While finishing his degree at Lawrence, he coached the Vikings' freshman football team in the fall of 1924.
High school coach.
After earning his degree in 1925, he became head coach at Washington High School in Milwaukee and continued for 22 seasons, compiling a 141–30–6 record () through 1946. While remaining as athletic director at the school, he was a scout for the University of Wisconsin–Madison under head coach Harry Stuhldreher.
College coach.
In March 1948, Blackbourn resigned from the high school to become the backfield coach at Wisconsin, which was Stuhldreher's last with the Badgers, resigning in December. With a new staff at UW for 1949, Blackbourn moved over to Marquette University in Milwaukee as the line coach under head coach Frank Murray, who stepped down after the season for health reasons and was succeeded by Blackbourne in 1950. Blackbourne's 1953 team was 6-3-1, the best record at Marquette in over a decade.
Green Bay Packers.
Succeeding Gene Ronzani as head coach of the Green Bay Packers, Blackbourn was hired in January 1954. He had a 17–31 record () from 1954 through 1957, with no post-season appearances, as the only playoff then was the NFL title game. He was asked to resign at the end of the 1957 season after a disappointing 3–9 campaign, but refused and was fired in January 1958. While head coach, he drafted many future hall of famers, including Forrest Gregg, Bart Starr, Paul Hornung, Jim Taylor, and Ray Nitschke. He was still the Packers head coach during the first part of 1958 NFL Draft, with the first four rounds conducted in early December 1957. The Packers' first four picks are considered among the best by a team in league history. In addition to Taylor and Nitschke, future All-Pro guard Jerry Kramer and linebacker Dan Currie were selected.
Carroll College.
After the dismissal by the Packers, Blackbourn became the head coach at Carroll College in Waukesha for a single season in 1958, with a record of 6 wins, 2 losses, and 0 ties. This ranks him 16th at Carroll in total wins and second in winning percentage.
Return to Marquette.
Blackbourn was the 16th head coach at Marquette and held that position twice for a total of six seasons, four from 1950 through 1953 and two from 1959 through 1960. His coaching record at Marquette was 24 wins, 30 losses, and 4 ties (). He ranks third in total wins at Marquette and twelfth in winning percentage. After the its football program was discontinued in December 1960, he was a scout in professional football for the Packers and others until he retired in 1972. Blackbourn was inducted into the Wisconsin Athletic Hall of Fame in 1978, and died in 1983 in his hometown of Lancaster.

</doc>
<doc id="2867150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867150" title="Nu Aquilae">
Nu Aquilae

Nu Aquilae (ν Aql, ν Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a solitary star in the constellation of Aquila and lies close to the celestial equator. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.646 and so is visible to the naked eye. Based upon an annual parallax shift of only 1.15 mas (with a 23% margin of error), it is approximately from Earth.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of F3 Ib, with the luminosity class of Ib indicating this is a supergiant. It has over twelve times the mass of the Sun and 78 times the Sun's radius. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 6,900 K and it is radiating 11,800 times as much light as the Sun. At this heat, it has the yellow-white hue of an F-type star.

</doc>
<doc id="2867152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867152" title="Pacific Coast Hellway">
Pacific Coast Hellway

Pacific Coast Hellway was an adult-themed podcast hosted by Parsec award-winning author, screenwriter Mark Yoshimoto Nemcoff from Los Angeles, California. Featuring uncensored comedy and rants, Nemcoff records the show each weekday inside of his self-described BMW "3-series studio" during his commute to work along Southern California's famed Pacific Coast Highway to his office in Venice Beach, CA.
History.
In May 2005, Nemcoff launched Pacific Coast Hellway as a one-man operation but the demands of doing five shows a week and the desire to constantly improve the show and keep it fun led Mark to bring aboard some comedy writer friends to help contribute ideas in the beginning of August 2005. In September 2005, Pacific Coast Hellway added more writers to its staff and a troupe of actors known as the "Pacific Coast Hellplayers". In the summer of 2007, PCH began to turn a profit making Nemcoff one of the first new media producers to leverage podcasting into a full-time career. 
In November 2005, Pacific Coast Hellway made its debut on Sirius Satellite Radio when Adam Curry added the show to his PodSquad. In addition to its daily downloadable podcast, Pacific Coast Hellway also appears on Sirius Satellite Radio channel 102 in the timeslot immediately after Adam Curry's Daily Source Code. In April 2007 Sirius and Podshow ended the broadcasts. Podshow podcasters were not given notice of the end of this arrangement.
In 2006, Nemcoff assisted in the launch and operation (as Director of New Content) of PodShow L.A. and is the creator of the Podshow dramatic series "Shadow Falls" and the game show "Boned". Shadow Falls, touted as "podcasting's first professionally produced drama series" made a network debut in the summer of 2006. 
After becoming upset that his original music was not chosen for Nemcoff's "Shadow Falls", Mickevich, and the original "Hellplayers" apparently departed the show in the spring of 2006 (although comedy sketches are still featured with new performers). When asked about Mickevich's departure on the PCH forum, Nemcoff merely replied with "who?".
In August 2006. Mark and Pacific Coast Hellway were featured in Playboy Magazine. The article described the show as "The World's Most Offensively Enlightened Podcast". 
In February 2007, Mark and co-host Mike Yusi of U.C. Radio, citing the ascension of Chris Daughtry's album to the top of the charts with only 85K unit sales came up with the idea for "Bum Rush the Charts", a plan to get listeners worldwide to buy a song from an unsigned band on iTunes (Black Lab's "Mine Again") to see if they could drive it up the charts. Enlisting the help of other noted podcasters like C.C. Chapman, Chris Penn, Jersey Todd and others, they got the word out, getting "Mine Again" to chart in the top 100 in almost every iTunes Store in the world. Most notably, rising to #4 in the Netherlands. All of the profits from the day's sale (over $12K) went to charity—funding a college scholarship for a student in need as chosen by the Student Loan Foundation. 
Nowadays, often appearing in-studio with Mark on PCH is show co-producer Mike Yusi. 
In July 2007, Pacific Coast Hellway was nominated for "Best Comedy Podcast" in the third-annual Podcast Awards. It did not win.
In September 2008, Mark temporarily pulled the plug on Pacific Coast Hellway. The official reason being that his schedule got too chaotic to maintain a weekly podcast. Despite unsubstantiated rumors that his contract had not been renewed, his Mevio contract was renewed for all of his shows but Nemcoff chose to focus on his video projects instead, citing the much larger audience and exploding advertiser demand for video content on the web. 
On October 10, 2008, a new show was uploaded. In the late summer and fall of 2009, a new season of 20 episodes of PCH were released on Mevio, all sponsored by Go Daddy.
Controversy.
In July 2006, it was discovered that Mark Yoshimoto Nemcoff included text within his website in the purpose of gaining traffic ("keyword spamming") using popular search terms relating to podcasting and other podcasters. The keywords included words of a sexual nature and the names of more popular podcasts such as Keith and the Girl and Diggnation.
Once discovered by fans of Keith and The Girl, Nemcoff altered the text, adding: Hey Keith and the Girl listeners... if you're looking here, guess what... you've been Punk'd, bitches. The way search engines work is they pick up even the tiny words hidden on your page, so when I put this on my site, whenever someone searches for "Keith and the Girl", "Diggnation" or any of the other terms hidden in black, including the words "hidden" "in" and "black", somewhere in that search will come up "Pacific Coast Hellway"... LOL.
In the same month of July 2006, Nemcoff ranted on a podcast about Keith Malley, facetiously claiming that he should "bring a fucking knife" to any ensuing meeting between the two.
Criticism.
Although clearly angry that he had dared to personally attack Malley and Chemda Khalili, many of the Keith and The Girl message board posters also expressed criticisms regarding Nemcoff's vocal style, his cheerleading for Podshow and its media properties, and his comedic style (which some said was an imitation of comedian Dennis Miller). The iTunes podcast listener reviews also show a mixed-bag of feelings for PCH and Nemcoff, with a polarity between those who love the show and those who hate it.

</doc>
<doc id="2867164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867164" title="Southern States Cooperative">
Southern States Cooperative

Southern States Cooperative is an agricultural supply cooperative owned by more than 300,000 farmers in the United States. Southern States Cooperative supplies small, medium & large commercial farmers with livestock & animal feed, pasture seed, vegetable seed, farm fertilizers, farm supplies, bulk fuel and crop services, including information & products to grow better crops. They also supply homeowners with information & products for their lawn, garden, hobby farm and home. there were over 1,200 retail locations in 23 states east of the Mississippi. Southern States Cooperative also maintains a website that enables them to ship products via e-commerce across the United States.
History.
Southern States Cooperative was founded in 1923 as the Virginia Seed Service by 150 farmers in Richmond, Virginia to help develop seeds, it expanded to distribution of feed in 1925, fertilizer in 1926 and farm supplies and petroleum shortly after. The cooperative now also gins cotton, acquires peanuts, and sells fish. Delaware and Maryland were added to the system in 1934, around this time, it adopted the name Southern States Cooperative. West Virginia was added in 1941 and Kentucky in 1945.
In October 1998, Southern States acquired the wholesale and retail farm supply system of Georgia-based Gold Kist, a cooperative that has since become a publicly traded company.
In 2000, Southern States acquired the wholesale business of northeastern organization Agway and then later purchased Cooperative Milling in Gettysburg.
Research.
The cooperative tests and adapts seed varieties to different regions. In 1948 it began a hybrid-corn research program, and in 1954 began to set up a series of research farms.
It is a member of the national seed-breeding research organization FFR, a research group specializing in forage seed-breeding, owned by a number of cooperatives, founded in 1960. It is also a member of CRF a research group specializing in animal nutrition.

</doc>
<doc id="2867166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867166" title="Uhthoff's phenomenon">
Uhthoff's phenomenon

Uhthoff's phenomenon (also known as Uhthoff's syndrome, Uhthoff's sign, and Uhthoff's Symptom) is the worsening of neurologic symptoms in multiple sclerosis (MS) and other neurological, demyelinating conditions when the body gets overheated from hot weather, exercise, fever, or saunas and hot tubs. It is possibly due to the effect of increased temperature on nerve conduction. With an increased body temperature, nerve impulses are either blocked or slowed down in a damaged nerve but once the body temperature is normalized, signs and symptoms may disappear or improve.
History.
This phenomenon was first described by Wilhelm Uhthoff in 1890 as a temporary worsening of vision with exercise in patients with optic neuritis. Later research revealed the link between neurological signs such as visual loss and increased heat production and Uhthoff's belief that exercise was the etiology of visual loss was replaced by the conclusions of these later researchers stating that heat was the prime etiology.
Clinical significance.
Many patients with MS experience increased fatigue and other symptoms such as pain, concentration difficulties, and urinary urgency when exposed to heat. As a result, many patients with MS tend to avoid saunas, warm baths, and other sources of heat or wear ice or evaporative cooling apparel in the form of vests, neck wraps, arm/wrist bands, and hats. 
Peripheral nerve studies have shown that even a 0.5°C increase in body temperature can slow or block the conduction of nerve impulses in demyelinated nerves. With greater levels of demyelination, a smaller increase in temperature is needed to slow down the nerve impulse conduction. Exercising and performing activities of daily living can cause a significant increase in body temperature in individuals with MS, especially if their mechanical efficiency is poor due to the use of mobility aids, ataxia, weakness, and spasticity. However, exercise has been shown to be helpful in managing MS symptoms, reducing the risk of comorbidities, and promoting overall wellness. 
Taking advantage of the cooling properties of water may help attenuate the consequences of heat sensitivity. In a study done by White et al. (2000), exercise pre-cooling via lower body immersion in water of 16-17°C for 30 minutes allowed heat sensitive individuals with MS to exercise in greater comfort and with fewer side effects by minimizing body temperature increases during exercise. Hydrotherapy exercise in moderately cool water of 27-29°C water can also be advantageous to individuals with MS. Temperatures lower than 27°C are not recommended because of the increased risk of invoking spasticity.

</doc>
<doc id="2867168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867168" title="Vividas">
Vividas

Vividas Holdings Pty Ltd is an online video streaming technology company, which has developed a proprietary player it claims is capable of delivering HD and Live quality video content for up to 30% less bandwidth.
Over the last five years Vividas has been developing a proprietary player to enable delivery to various devices (computer, tablet, phone). 
Vividas's player requires a standard web server, which removes the need for costly proprietary streaming servers, software installation, specialty network upgrades or switchers for Windows Media or Flash. Not relying on Flash Tower networks is another key USP for the technology, which is totally scalable.
Uses.
Vividas technology is used to provide streaming video content for 
Offices are in Sydney, Los Angeles, New York and London.

</doc>
<doc id="2867172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867172" title="Xi Aquilae">
Xi Aquilae

Xi Aquilae (ξ Aql, ξ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It is a red clump giant star with an apparent magnitude of 4.7 and is located at a distance of from Earth. As of 2008, an extrasolar planet has been confirmed in orbit around the star.
Properties.
This star has an apparent visual magnitude of 4.722, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, is bright enough to be viewed with the naked eye from dark suburban skies. The orbital motion of the Earth causes this star to undergo an annual parallax shift of 17.77 milliarcseconds. From this measurement, the distance to this star can be determined, yielding an estimate of approximately 184 light years with a 2% margin of error. The magnitude of the star is diminished by 0.09 from the extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
The spectrum of this star matches a stellar classification of G9 III, where the G9 means that it belongs to the category of G-type stars while the luminosity class of III indicates that, at an estimated age of nearly five billion years, is an evolved star that has reached the giant stage. It is in the red clump, meaning it is generating energy through the fusion of helium into carbon at its core.
Xi Aquilae has an estimated 116% of the Sun's mass, while its outer atmosphere has expanded to more than ten times the radius of the Sun. It is radiating 49 times the Sun's luminosity at an effective temperature of 4,783 K, giving it the golden-hued glow of a G-type star. The possibility of a binary stellar companion can been ruled out based upon observations with the CHARA array.
Planetary system.
In 2008, the presence of a planetary companion was announced, based upon Doppler spectroscopy results from the Okayama Astrophysical Observatory. This object, designated as Xi Aquilae b, has at least 2.8 Jupiter masses and is orbiting at an estimated 0.68 astronomical units from the star with a period of 136.75 days. Any planets that once orbited to the interior of this object may have been consumed as the star entered the red giant stage and expanded in radius.

</doc>
<doc id="2867181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867181" title="Ribonucleoprotein">
Ribonucleoprotein

Ribonucleoprotein (RNP) is a nucleoprotein that contains RNA, i.e. it is an association that combines ribonucleic acid and protein together. A few known examples include the ribosome, the enzyme telomerase, vault ribonucleoproteins, RNase P, hnRNP and small nuclear RNPs (snRNPs), which are implicated in pre-mRNA splicing (spliceosome) and are among the main components of the nucleolus. 'RNP' can also refer to ribonucleoprotein particles, distinct intracellular foci for post-transcriptional regulation.
RNP in snRNPs has an RNA-binding motif in its RNA-binding protein. Aromatic amino acid residues in this motif result in stacking interactions with RNA. Lysine residues in the helical portion of RNA-binding proteins help to stabilize interactions with nucleic acids. This nucleic acid binding is strengthened by electrostatic attraction between the positive lysine side chains and the negative nucleic acid phosphate backbones. 
RNPs play an important role in influenza A virus replication. The viral RNA is transcribed into mRNAs by the RNA polymerase attached to the RNPs.
Anti-RNP antibodies.
Anti-RNP antibodies are autoantibodies associated with "mixed connective tissue disease" and are also detected in nearly 40% of Lupus erythematosus patients. Two types of anti-RNP antibodies are closely related to Sjögren's syndrome: SS-A (Ro) and SS-B (La).
List of RNPs.
This is a (partial) list of ribonucleoprotein families:

</doc>
<doc id="2867182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867182" title="Woot (disambiguation)">
Woot (disambiguation)

Woot usually refers to the slang term, w00t. Woot may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2867191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867191" title="ATS (wheels)">
ATS (wheels)

ATS was a German Formula One team, named after German alloy wheel brand "Auto Technisches Spezialzubehör". The company is based in Bad Dürkheim near the Hockenheimring, its team was active in Formula One from 1977 to 1984.
Wheel manufacturer.
The ATS company created some revolutionary new lightweight wheels for Porsche and VW automobiles. ATS manufactured a light aluminum alloy 5 spoked wheel for AMG, the high performance tuner for Mercedes-Benz automobiles, in the 1970s and 1980s. This 5 spoked wheel is popularly known as the AMG "Penta" wheel. The AMG "Penta" spoked wheel by ATS, designed by Hans-Werner Aufrecht in 1979, was the first aluminum alloy rim marketed by AMG when it was still an independent tuning company.
Formula One team.
ATS owner Günther Schmidt had sponsored various national motorsport events, before realising Grand Prix racing was an ideal way of promoting his brand. Due to his temper, Schmidt was notoriously difficult to work with, and a rapid turnover of staff plagued ATS for their entire history.
The 1970s.
In 1977, ATS purchased the remaining PC4 chassis from Penske Racing. Jean-Pierre Jarier was signed to drive the car, placing 6th on the team's debut at the United States Grand Prix West.
A second car was entered in the 1977 German Grand Prix for German touring car racer Hans Heyer. Heyer failed to qualify, but famously took the start anyway in front of his home crowd at the Hockenheimring. The race organisers only noticed when he retired with a broken gear linkage. Hans Binder would then take the second car for the rest of the season, though the team missed the final three races of the year.
Robin Herd from March Engineering was enlisted to build the first genuine ATS Formula One car, the HS1 being driven by Jarier and Jochen Mass. Jarier came 8th at the South African Grand Prix, but was fired after an argument with Schmidt, and replaced by Alberto Colombo for the Belgian Grand Prix. After two failures to qualify, Colombo was also fired, and replaced by Keke Rosberg until the German Grand Prix. There, Jarier returned, having patched up his differences with Schmidt, only for them to re-emerge follow Jarier's failure to qualify. Binder returned for one race, before Michael Bleekemolen took over.
By now Mass had also left following a broken leg in testing. As Harald Ertl had failed to pre-qualify his Ensign for the 1978 Italian Grand Prix, he was given another chance with the first ATS. Ertl didn't qualify for the race, and Rosberg returned for the final two races. The lack of continuity both in the cars and in the garage had been no help to the fledgling team, despite the introduction of the new D1 chassis. The D1 was designed by John Gentry, and featured skirts, wider track and side pods.
The D1 was used in the last two races of the 1978 season.
1979 saw Hans-Joachim Stuck arrive, to drive a single car. The new Giacomo Caliri-designed D2 arrived mid-season but it was an ill-handling car, with Stuck taking the team's only points score of the season with 5th place at the United States Grand Prix in another new car, the D3, courtesy of Nigel Stroud.
The 1980s.
The team stepped up to a two-car operation again in 1980, with Marc Surer and Jan Lammers signed to drive the D3. Surer took 7th at the Brazilian Grand Prix, while Lammers started 4th before retiring at the United States Grand Prix West, but the team were still distinct midfielders, even after the introduction of the new Gustav Brunner-penned D4. From the US GP West, they were back down to a single car, with Surer injured, though he returned in the French Grand Prix, this time replacing Lammers. Once again, though, the team failed to score points.
1981 saw Lammers recalled to drive a single D4, with a second fielded for Slim Borgudd for the San Marino Grand Prix. After this, Lammers was dropped once more, with Borgudd driving the single entry. The Swede took 6th place at the high-attrition British Grand Prix, the D4 having by now been replaced by the HGS1, designed by Hervé Guilpin, but otherwise results were poor, and non-qualifications frequent. This was the year where Swedish pop band ABBA sponsored the team. In fact, Slim Borgudd had appeared on some ABBA recordings as a drummer.
Schmidt made a major effort to get the team together for 1982. Two D5 cars (a heavily upgraded version of the HGS1) were fielded for Manfred Winkelhock and Eliseo Salazar. This bought better results, with Winkelhock 5th at the Brazilian Grand Prix and Salazar 5th at the San Marino Grand Prix (Winkelhock would have taken 6th at this race, boycotted by most British teams due to a political crisis within the sport, but his car was underweight). While the team were improving, they were midfielders more than anything else. Indeed, the team's most high-profile moment came when Salazar was attacked by Nelson Piquet on live television at the German Grand Prix, the ATS driver having collided with the race-leading Brazilian while being lapped.
BMW engines.
However, Schmidt used his muscle in the German auto industry to secure a supply of BMW's powerful BMW M12/13 4-cylinder turbocharged engine for 1983. ATS fielded a single new Gustav Brunner D6 for Winkelhock. There were some excellent qualifying positions and races from the German, but the constant turnover of backroom staff meant that reliability issues were never solved, and 8th place at the European Grand Prix was his best result.
For 1984, Brunner's new D7 chassis was introduced, but it was largely the same story, with not inconsiderable speed rarely rewarded, not helped by Brunner quitting after, predictably, yet another an argument with Schmidt. Winkelhock ran 3rd at the Belgian Grand Prix before the electrical system failed, but his best finishes were 8th places in the Canadian Grand Prix and the Dallas Grand Prix. From the Austrian Grand Prix, a second D7 was added for Gerhard Berger. After a gearbox failure on the grid at the Italian Grand Prix, Winkelhock finally lost patience and quit. In the race, Berger placed 6th, but the point was not awarded as the second entry had not been registered at the start of the season. Berger entered the last two races alone, with Winkelhock not replaced.
At the end of the year, BMW revoked the use of their engines due to the bad PR the team and its owner generated, and Schmidt folded the ATS team as well as leaving the ATS company.
Comeback with Rial.
Having established a new brand of wheels with Rial, Schmidt would return to Formula One in with the team of the same name.
Complete World Championship Formula One results.
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in "italics" indicate fastest lap.) 
"*" Started illegally, having failed to qualify.
† Ineligible for points.

</doc>
<doc id="2867193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867193" title="Gene Ronzani">
Gene Ronzani

Eugene A. "Gene" Ronzani (March 28, 1909 – September 12, 1975) was a professional football player and coach in the National Football League. He was the second head coach of the Green Bay Packers, from 1950 to 1953, and resigned with two games remaining in the 1953 season.
A three-sport athlete at Marquette University, Ronzani earned nine varsity letters in college and was a backfield player in the NFL with the Chicago Bears for six seasons in the 1930s and two more in the mid-1940s.
Early years.
Born and raised in Iron Mountain, Michigan in the state's Upper Peninsula, Ronzani's parents immigrated from Italy; his father Giovanni (John) arrived in 1898 and worked as miner and was naturalized in 1904. He was then able to send for his wife in Italy, Caterina Broglio Ronzani (Catherine), and their two oldest siblings. Five more children were born in Michigan, Gene was the fifth of the seven. He graduated from Iron Mountain High School in 1929, just across the state border with Wisconsin. Following two older brothers, he headed south to Milwaukee and enrolled at Marquette University. 
Rare athlete at Marquette.
Gene "Tuffy" Ronzani was a chief contributor to Marquette sports in the early 1930s as the first of two MU nine-letter athletes. He was born in Iron Mountain, a small mining town in Michigan's upper peninsula (on the Wisconsin border) and entered Marquette in the fall of 1929, following his two brothers Anthony and David Ronzani of a first generation Italian family. Gene went out for freshman football, track and basketball and made all three varsity teams his sophomore year. "I wasn't interested in individual records," he once mentioned. "What good does it do if you score all the points and the team loses? Why, I can't even remember my records." But his records were history. In football under Coach Frank Murray, the 1930 team marched to a nine game undefeated season under the sparkling leadership of Ronzani and John Sisk. tuffy played either quarterback or fullback on offense and safety or linebacker on defense. He and Sisk both were to become All-Americans.
Ronzani was second in scoring his sophomore year. During Ronzani's junior year the Hilltoppers (as Marquette teams were called then) compiled an 8-1 record. As a senior, he led the gridders to a 5-3-1 record, not fully indicative of the hard fought games and near misses.
While Ronzani was on the basketball squad the cagers did not suffer a losing season. Marquette garnered records of 11-7, 11-8 and 14-3 under Coach Bill Shandler. The Tribune said, "Ronzani particularly had a rollicking time of it, as he roamed all over the floor, scrambling anyone in his path and usually coming up with the ball in the wildest sort of melee."
In track, Ronzani under Coach Con Jennings, was a consistent team man in shotput and javeline. He competed with Marquette's 1932 Central Collegiate champions, and also tried out for the US Olympic team in the Spring of 1932. After graduation Tuffy joined the Chicago Bears' National Football league championship drive. After Ronzani's playing days, he joined the Bear coaching staff and served in a coaching position under The Coach and Bear owner George "Papa Bear" Halas until 1950. In 1950 he was hired as head coach and General Manager of the Green Bay Packers. Tuffy introduced the first Black American player into the Packer lineup as Green Bay's coach, a move he was widely criticized for at the time. As head coach and General Manager, Ronzani's first game was against the Detroit Lions at aging City Stadium in Green Bay. The 22,096 fans were first introduced to new green and gold uniforms. Both jerseys and pants were kelly green with gold numbers on the tops, two gold stripes around the upper sleeves, and a one inch gold stripe down the side of each leg.
Ronzani's football genius originated such formations as the double-wing, the shotgun offenses and the umbrella defense. It is now believed that many of his formations were his way of confusing his good friend and then arch-rival George Halas. Both coaches knew all too well each other's onfield football tactics.
In tribute to his fantastic career at Marquette, a Marquette Tribune story in 1932 honored him saying that "Ronzani easily finds a place for himself among Marquette's immortals."
Pro playing career.
Ronzani entered the NFL three years before the first NFL Draft and played in the backfield for the Chicago Bears from 1933 to 1938. At age 35, he returned to the Bears during World War II in 1944 as a replacement for quarterback Sid Luckman, and also played in 1945.
Coaching career.
Minor league.
In 1939, Bears' owner George Halas purchased the Newark Tornadoes of the American Association and renamed them the "Newark Bears." Ronzani was named the head coach of the New Jersey team and stayed for three years, until the league suspended play before the 1942 season. The American Association returned in 1946 as the "American Football League," and the minor league Bears moved from Newark to Akron, Ohio, where Ronzani resumed his duties as head coach.
Notre Dame.
Ronzani was hired as the backfield coach at Notre Dame in March 1945, but he left in early September to rejoin the Bears as a player, weeks before the opener in late September.
Chicago Bears.
Starting in 1947, Ronzani was brought up to the parent NFL club in Chicago. He was the backfield coach for three seasons under owner and head coach Halas.
Green Bay Packers.
Ronzani became only the second head coach of the Green Bay Packers in February 1950, following the resignation of founder Curly Lambeau. After two 3–9 seasons in 1950 and 1951, the Packers were 6–3 in 1952, but finished at .500 with three straight losses. In January 1953, Ronzani agreed to a second three-year contract offered by the executive committee. The 1953 season held promise, but the Packers had a 2–6–1 record entering the Thanksgiving Day game at Detroit, in which they were defeated 34–15 on national television, outscored 27–0 in the second half. Ronzani resigned the next day with two games remaining and received a $7,500 severance. The Packers lost all eight games with the Lions in his four seasons as head coach, while Detroit won the NFL title in both 1952 and 1953. Packer assistant coaches Hugh Devore and Ray McLean shared the interim head coaching duties in final two games in California, both losses, and Green Bay ended 1953 at 2–9–1, last in the Western Conference. Ronzani was present in the press box at the San Francisco game.
Ronzani's legacy with the Packers includes an emphasis on green as a primary team color, having discarded his predecessor Curly Lambeau's blue-and-gold uniforms:
During the December 1952 game against the Rams in Los Angeles, the Packers arrived with only their gold jerseys, similar in shade to what the Rams normally wore at home. Both teams wore gold and the Rams played the game under protest; with a strong second half Los Angeles won by 18 points.
Kelly green uniforms were worn in the first game of the 1950 season; Vince Lombardi is credited with introducing the present shade of dark green in 1959.
Pittsburgh Steelers.
Ronzani was hired in March 1954 as the backfield coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers, under head coach Joe Bach. After three straight home defeats to open the pre-season, the third a 36–14 loss to the lowly Packers, Bach resigned during training camp in late August. He was succeeded by line coach Walt Kiesling, a previous head coach with the team.
The Steelers won four of five to open the 1954 regular season, but then lost six of the final seven and finished at 5–7, fourth in the Eastern Conference. With the fast start, attendance in Pittsburgh was high and the season was profitable; days before the final game, Kiesling was rewarded by owner Art Rooney with a new two-year contract, estimated at $12,000 per year. Less than two weeks after the final game, Ronzani was encouraged by Rooney to resign.
Death.
Ronzani had heart surgery at the Mayo Clinic in 1968, and died in 1975 at age 66. He was buried at Cemetery Park in Iron Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="2867196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867196" title="Hot Country Songs">
Hot Country Songs

Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine in the United States.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by collecting airplay data from Nielsen BDS along with digital sales and streaming.
The current number-one song, as of the chart dated for July 12, 2014, is "Somethin' Bad" by Miranda Lambert with Carrie Underwood.
History.
"Billboard" began compiling the popularity of country songs with its January 8, 1944 issue. Only the genre's most popular jukebox selections were tabulated, with the chart titled "Most Played Juke Box Folk Records". The chart length was not standardized; a given week had anywhere from two to eight positions.
For approximately ten years, from 1948–1958, "Billboard" used three charts to measure the popularity of a given song. In addition to the jukebox chart, these charts included:
The names of each chart changed slightly during each chart's life. The "jukebox" chart – which by 1956 was known as "Most Played C&W in Juke Boxes" – ended on June 17, 1957. The "best sellers" and "jockeys" charts continued until October 13, 1958.
Starting with the October 20, 1958 issue, "Billboard" began combining sales and radio airplay in figuring a song's overall popularity, counting them in one single chart called "Hot C&W Sides". The chart began with a standard length of 30 positions each week. The name of the chart, and the number of positions varied through the years: Its name was switched to "Hot Country Singles" on November 3, 1962; it was expanded to 50 slots on January 11, 1964; then 75 on October 15, 1966; and finally 100 beginning July 14, 1973.
On January 20, 1990, the Hot Country Singles chart was reduced back to 75 positions and began to be compiled entirely from information provided by Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems, a system which electronically monitors radio airplay of songs. Four weeks later, on February 17, the chart was retitled "Hot Country Singles & Tracks". Beginning with the January 13, 2001 issue, the chart was cut from 75 to 60 positions, and effective April 30, 2005 the chart was renamed "Hot Country Songs".
Starting in 1990, the rankings were determined by Arbitron-tallied listener audience for each spin that a song received. The methodology was changed for the first chart published in 1992 to tally the amount of spins a song received, but in January 2005, the methodology reverted to the audience format. This change was brought on because of "label-sponsored spin programs" that had manipulated the chart several times in 2004.
From its inception in 1973 through August 2009, "American Country Countdown" used this chart in its programming, using the top 40 singles/tracks on it for each week.
The Hot Country Songs chart methodology was changed starting with the October 20, 2012 issue to match the "Billboard" Hot 100: digital downloads and streaming data are combined with airplay from all radio formats to determine position. A new chart, the Country Airplay chart, was created using the previous methodology (airplay exclusively from country radio stations). Following the change, Taylor Swift's "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together", a pop song whose country remix had been falling from its peak in the mid-teens on the country chart when the change took effect, shot up to number one on the new chart due to the success of the pop version on non-country stations; it would begin the longest run at #1 on the country chart since the 1960s. However, its length of stay at #1 was soon surpassed by Florida Georgia Line's "Cruise". It has likewise remained buoyed by a pop remix featuring Nelly, long after the song fell into recurrent status on country radio); it has had the longest stay at number one of any song in the country chart's history.

</doc>
<doc id="2867202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867202" title="Shonai Bank">
Shonai Bank

The bank is relatively small, even among Japanese regional banks, and operates primarily in Yamagata, though it also operate branches in Sendai, Tomiya, Fukushima, Akita in neighboring prefectures, as well as in the capital of Tokyo. In a departure from traditional Japanese banking practices, "Shogin", as the bank is also known, maintains full teller-supported services on the weekends and holidays at all its branches.
Profile.
As of March 31, 2005
History.
The Shonai Bank can trace its roots to the Meiji era when The 67th National Bank was established in 1878. The bank has merged with other local institutions, adopting its present name in 1941 through a merger with the Kazama Bank, the Tsuruoka Bank, and the Dewa Bank. On March 9, 2004, the government-sponsored Shoko Chukin Bank, a financial institution that provides credit and loans to small and medium sized enterprises, announced that it would carry out limited business cooperation with the Shonai Bank in order to serve the small and medium enterprises of that area.

</doc>
<doc id="2867223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867223" title="Charles Marega">
Charles Marega

Charles Carlos Marega (September 24, 1871 – March 27, 1939) was a Canadian sculptor in the early 20th century.
He was born in Lucinico, in the commune of Gorizia, then part of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire. He received training in plaster work in Mariano, Italy and then studied in Vienna and Zurich. He met Bertha in Zurich, who he married in 1899. He worked for a while in South Africa then moved to Canada, arriving in Vancouver in October 1909, on their way to California. The North Shore Mountains reminded Bertha of her native Switzerland, which led to them settle in Vancouver. Charles Marega lived in Canada for the rest of his life. In 1936, Bertha died. He later became a sculpture teacher at the Vancouver School of Art (now Emily Carr Institute of Art and Design). He died in 1939 after teaching a class at the Vancouver School of Art.
His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="2867225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867225" title="Coat of arms of Brisbane">
Coat of arms of Brisbane

The Coat of Arms of Brisbane is a historic icon; symbolising aspects of not only the City but also the eponymous Governor of New South Wales, Sir Thomas Brisbane.
Sir Thomas' preoccupation with the field of astronomy are indicated by the two mullets. The Stafford knot was the badge of the 38th (1st Staffordshire) Regiment of Foot in which Sir Thomas Brisbane entered the British Army as an Ensign in 1789.
The Caduceus is the symbol of Commerce and Peace, and is the emblem depicted for Hermes in his capacity as God and Protector of Commerce.
Two Gryphons support the design, together with the motto ""Meliora Sequimur"", which means "We aim for the best" in Latin. The Gryphon is one of the principal bearings in heraldry, and is frequently used as a charge or supporter. The chimerical creature is half eagle and half lion and legend states that when it attains full growth, it will never be taken alive. The wavy blue bar around the creatures' necks alludes to the city's location as a port on the river.
The palm leaves in the crest are a symbol of victory included as a compliment from the Council to the valour of Australian Armed Forces.
Valour, honour and high-mettled attributes are conveyed by the leopard in the crest. The colours of the city, blue and gold, are indicated by the top wreath.

</doc>
<doc id="2867227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867227" title="D'Hanis, Texas">
D'Hanis, Texas

D'Hanis is a census-designated place in central Medina County, Texas, United States. The population was 548, as of 2000. It is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
D'Hanis is located at the intersections of U.S. Route 90, Farm to Market Road 1796 and Farm to Market Road 2200 on Seco Creek. The community is sometimes called New D'Hanis to distinguish it from the site of old D'Hanis one mile to the east.
History.
D'Hanis is named for Count von D'Hanis, who founded the town about 1845.
Geography.
D'Hanis is at an elevation of above Sea level according to the GNIS.
Education.
The D'Hanis Independent School District maintains a K-12 school located near Highway 90. The current school has been renovated and expanded many times; the most recent additions were completed in the fall of 2009. The current secondary school principal is Kurt Shoemaker and the district superintendent is Pam Seipp. Its mascots are (middle school) Colts and (high school) Cowboys and Cowgirls. Basketball, football, baseball, golf, track and tennis are varsity sports there.
Tourism.
The few remaining walls of St. Dominic's Church and Cemetery, now part of the ghost town of Old D'Hanis, are situated south of Highway 90. The ruins of Fort Lincoln, another historical attraction, can be found north of town along FM 1796.
Likely the town's most active time of year, hunting season brings visitors flocking to D'Hanis from all over the state.

</doc>
<doc id="2867231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2867231" title="Muslim conquests">
Muslim conquests

According to traditional accounts, the Muslim conquests (, al-Ġazawāt or , al-Futūḥāt al-Islāmiyya) also referred to as the Islamic conquests or Arab conquests, began with the Islamic prophet Muhammad in the 7th century. He established a new unified polity in the Arabian Peninsula which under the subsequent Rashidun (The Rightly Guided Caliphs) and Umayyad Caliphates saw a century of rapid expansion of Muslim power.
They grew well beyond the Arabian Peninsula in the form of a Muslim empire with an area of influence that stretched from the borders of China and India, across Central Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, Sicily, and the Iberian Peninsula, to the Pyrenees. Edward Gibbon writes in "The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire":
The Muslim conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire. The reasons for the Muslim success are hard to reconstruct in hindsight, primarily because only fragmentary sources from the period have survived. Most historians agree that the Sassanid Persian and Byzantine Roman empires were militarily and economically exhausted from decades of fighting one another. The rapid fall of Visigothic Spain remains less easily explicable.
Some Jews and Christians in the Sassanid Empire and Jews and Monophysites in Syria were dissatisfied and initially sometimes even welcomed the Muslim forces, largely because of religious conflict in both empires, while at other times, such as in the Battle of Firaz, Arab Christians allied themselves with the Persians and Byzantines against the invaders. In the case of Byzantine Egypt, Palestine and Syria, these lands had only a few years before being reacquired from the Persians, and had not been ruled by the Byzantines for over 25 years.
Fred McGraw Donner, however, suggests that formation of a state in the Arabian peninsula and ideological (i.e. religious) coherence and mobilization was a primary reason why the Muslim armies in the space of a hundred years were able to establish the largest pre-modern empire until that time. The estimates for the size of the Islamic Caliphate suggest it was more than thirteen million square kilometers (five million square miles), making it larger than all current states except the Russian Federation.
History.
The individual Muslim conquests, together with their beginning and ending dates, are as follows:
Byzantine–Arab Wars: 634–750.
Wars were between the Byzantine Empire and at first the Rashidun and then the Umayyad caliphates and resulted in the conquest of the Syria region, Egypt, North Africa and Armenia (Byzantine Armenia and Sassanid Armenia).
Later conquests.
Frontier warfare continued in the form of cross border raids between the Umayyads and the Byzantine Isaurian dynasty allied with the Khazars across Asia Minor. Byzantine naval dominance and Greek fire resulted in a major victory at the Battle of Akroinon (739); one of a series of military failures of the Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik across the empire that checked the expansion of the Umayyads and hastened their fall.
Conquest of Persia and Mesopotamia: 633–651.
In the reign of Yazdgerd III, the last Sassanid ruler of the Persian Empire, an Arab Muslim army secured the conquest of Persia after their decisive defeats of the Sassanid army at the Battle of Walaja in 633 and Battle of al-Qādisiyyah in 636, but the final military victory didn't come until 642 when the Persian army was defeated at the Battle of Nahāvand. These victories brought Persia (modern Iran), Assyria (Assuristan) and Mesopotamia (modern Iraq) and south east Anatolia under Arab Muslim rule. Then, in 651, Yazdgerd III was murdered at Merv, ending the dynasty. His son Peroz II escaped through the Pamir Mountains in what is now Tajikistan and arrived in Tang China.
Conquest of Transoxiana: 662–751.
Following the First Fitna, the Umayyads resumed the push to capture Sassanid lands and began to move towards the conquest of lands east and north of the plateau towards Greater Khorasan and the Silk Road along Transoxiana. Following the collapse of the Sassanids, these regions had fallen under the sway of local Iranian and Turkic tribes as well as the Tang Dynasty. The conquest of Transoxiana (Ar. "Ma wara' al-nahr") was chiefly the work of Qutayba ibn Muslim, who between 705 and 715 expanded Muslim control over Sogdiana, Khwarezm and the Jaxartes valley up to Ferghana. Following Qutayba's death in 715, local revolts and the defeats at the hands of the Chinese-sponsored Turgesh (chiefly the "Day of Thirst" in 724 and the Battle of the Defile in 731) led to a gradual loss of the province: by 738, the Turgesh and their Sogdian allies were raiding Khurasan south of the Oxus. However, the murder of the Turgesh "khagan", Su-lu, and the conciliatory policies of Nasr ibn Sayyar towards the native population opened the way for a swift, albeit not total, restoration of Muslim control over Transoxiana in 739–741. Muslim control over the region was consolidated with the defeat of the armies of Tang China in the Battle of Talas in 751.
Conquest of Sindh: 664–712.
During the period of early Rajput supremacy in North and North-West India(modern day Pakistan) (7th century), the first Muslim invasions were carried out simultaneously with the expansion towards Central Asia. In 664, forces led by Al Muhallab ibn Abi Suffrah began launching raids from Persia, striking Multan in the southern Punjab, in what is today Pakistan.
In 711, an expedition led by Muhammad bin Qasim defeated Raja Dahir at what is now Hyderabad in Sindh, and established the Umayyad domination in the area by 712.
The west of Indian sub-continent was then divided into many states. Their relation between each other were very weak. Al-Ḥajjāj ibn Yūsuf the ruler of Iraq knew this and waited for the best moment to strike.
As Muslim Empire and Dahir's kingdom were contiguous to each other, frequent
border clashes took place. As a result relation between the two got worse.
The King of Ceylon, the present Sri Lanka sent many 8 ships full of gifts for the Calipf Al-Walid and the ruler of present Iraq, Hajjaj Bin Yosuf. But the pirates plundered the ships at the Debal of Sindh, which is now known as "Karachi". Same Pirates were also involved in plundering the innocent merchants and cities near the coast. A woman was also victim of those Pirates acts. In response to the letter sent by her to Hajjaj Bin yousaf in early 711 AD, he demanded to take action against Pirates from Raja Dahir. But Raja Dahir denied to take responsibility for the crimes committed by the pirates.
For all these reasons. Hajjaj Bin yousaf sent soldiers against Dahir. But first two expeditions failed. Then in 712 CE Hajjaj sent the third expedition. The commander-in-chief of this expedition was Muhammad bin Qasim Al-Thaqafi the nephew and son-in-law of Hajjaj.
Qasim subdued the whole of what is modern Pakistan, from Karachi to Multan. After his recall, however, the region devolved into the semi-independent states of Mansura and Multan ruled by local Muslim converts. The Arabs were effectively driven out after the defeats inflicted on them by the Gurjara Pratiharas. The emir of Sindh paid tribute to the Rashtrakuta king of Southern India.
Further Muslim conquests in India were halted after the defeat of Arabs in Battle of Rajasthan at the hands of Hindu kings.
Conquest of Hispania (711–718) and Septimania (719–720).
The conquest of the Iberian Peninsula and Septimania commenced when the Moors (Berbers, Arabs and north west Africans) invaded Visigothic Christian Iberia (modern Spain, Portugal, Andorra, Septimania) in the year 711. Under their Moorish leader, Tariq ibn Ziyad, they landed at Gibraltar on April 30 and worked their way northward. Tariq's forces were joined the next year by those of his superior, Musa bin Nusair. During the eight-year campaign most of the Iberian Peninsula was brought under Islamic rule—save for small areas in the northwest (Asturias, Cantabria) and largely Basque regions in the western Pyrenees.
This territory, under the Arab name Al-Andalus, became first an Emirate and then an independent Umayyad Caliphate, the Caliphate of Córdoba, after the overthrowing of the dynasty in Damascus by the Abbasids. When the Caliphate dissolved in 1031 due to the effects of the Fitna of al-Ándalus, the territory split into small Taifas, and gradually the Christian kingdoms started the Reconquest up to 1492, when Granada, the last kingdom of Al-Andalus fell under the Catholic Monarchs.
Attempts to Conquer the Caucasus: 711–750.
After the conquest of Armenia, Muslim armies began to raid into the Caucasus, where they were confronted by the Khazars. Initial Muslim raids in the 640s and early 650s ended with the defeat of an Arab force led by Abd ar-Rahman ibn Rabiah outside the Khazar town of Balanjar.
Hostilities broke out again in the 710s, with raids back and forth across the Caucasus but few decisive battles. The Khazars, led by a prince named Barjik, invaded northwestern Iran and defeated the Umayyad forces at Ardabil in 730, killing the Arab governor al-Jarrah al-Hakami and briefly occupying the town.The Arabs eventually drove them back into the Caucasus, killing Barjik. Arab armies led first by the Arab prince Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik and then by Marwan ibn Muhammad (later Caliph Marwan II) poured across the Caucasus and eventually (in 737) defeated a Khazar army led by Hazer Tarkhan, briefly occupying Atil itself. The difficult terrain and hostile population made a permanent occupation impossible; the Arab armies withdrew and Khazar independence was re-asserted. The frontier between the two groups eventually became static around Derbent ; although the Khazars would continue to raid Muslim territory, there were no more major battles.
End of the Umayyad conquests: 718–750.
The success of the Bulgarian Empire and the Byzantine Empire in dispelling the second Umayyad siege of Constantinople halted further conquests of Asia Minor in 718. In 716 Khan Tervel signed an important agreement with Byzantium. During the siege of Constantinople in 717–718 he sent 50,000 troops to help the besieged city. In the decisive battle the Bulgarians massacred around 30,000 Arabs and Khan Tervel was called "The saviour of Europe" by his contemporaries. After their success in overrunning the Iberian peninsula, the Umayyads had moved northeast over the Pyrenees where they were defeated in 721 at the Battle of Toulouse and then at the Battle of Covadonga. A second invasion was stopped by the Frankish Mayor of the Palace Charles Martel at the Battle of Tours in 732 and then at the Battle of the River Berre checking the Umayyad expansion at Narbonne.
The Türgesh Kaganate, a Turkic dynasty of the 700s, saw significant initial success fighting against the Umayyads. In 717, the Kara Turgesh elected Suluk as their Khaghan. The new ruler moved his capital to Balasagun in the Chuy valley, receiving the homage of several chieftains formerly bond to the service of Bilge Khaghan of the Türküt. Suluk acted as a bulwark against further Umayyad encroachment from the south: the Arabs had indeed become a major player in recent times, despite the fact that Islam had yet to make many converts in central Asia. Suluk's aim was to reconquer all of Transoxiana from the Arab invaders - his series of conquests was paralleled to the west by the activity of the Khazar empire. In 721 Turgesh forces, led by Kül Chor, defated the Caliphal army commanded by Sa'id ibn Abdu'l-Aziz near Samarkand. Sa'id's successor, Al-Kharashi, massacred Turks and Sogdian refugees in Khujand, causing an influx of refugees towards the Turgesh. In 724 Caliph Hisham sent a new governor to Khorasan, Muslim ibn Sa'id, with orders to crush the "Turks" once and for all. Confronted by Suluk on the way, however, Muslim reached Samarkand with only a handful of survivors, and the Turgesh were enabled to raid freely. A string of subsequent appointees of Hisham were soundly defeated by Suluk, who in 728 even managed to take Bukhara and later on destroyed a large part of the Caliphate's army in Khurasan, discrediting Umayyad rule and maybe putting the foundations for the Abbasid revolution. The Turgesh state was at its apex of glory, controlling Sogdiana, the Ferghana Valley. It was only in 732, that two powerful Arab expeditions to Samarkand managed, if with embarrassing losses, to reestablish Caliphal authority in the area; Suluk renounced his ambitions over Samarkand and abandoned Bukhara, withdrawing north. In 734 an early Abbasid follower, al-Harith ibn Surayj, rose in revolt against Umayyad rule and took Balkh and Marv before defecting to the Turgesh three years later, defeated. In 738 Suluk, along with his allies Ibn Surayj, Ghurak (a Sogdian leader) and men from Usrushana, Tashkent and Khuttal to launch a final offensive. He entered Jowzjan but was defeated by the Umayyad governor Asad at the Battle of Sa'n or Kharistan.
In 738, the Umayyad armies were defeated by the Indian Hindu kings at the Battle of Rajasthan, checking the eastern expansion of the empire. In 740, the Berber Revolt weakened Umayyad ability to launch any further expeditions and, after the Abbasid overthrow in 756 at Cordoba, a separate Arab state was established on the Iberian peninsula, even as the Muhallabids were unable to keep Ifriqiya from political fragmentation.
In the east, internal revolts and local dissent led to the downfall of the Umayyad dynasty. The Khariji and Zaidi revolts coupled with mawali dissatisfaction as second class citizens in respect to Arabs created the support base necessary for the Abbasid revolt in 748. The Abbasids were soon involved in numerous Shia revolts and the breakaway of Ifriqiya from the Caliph's authority completely in the case of the Idrisids and Rustamids and nominally under the Aghlabids, under whom Muslim rule was extended temporarily to Sicily and mainland Italy before being overrun by the competing Fatimids.
The Abbasid caliph, even as he competed for authority with the Fatimid Caliph, also had to devolve greater power to the increasing power of regional rulers. This began the process of fragmentation that soon gave rise to numerous local ruling dynasties who would contend for territory with each other and eventually establish kingdoms and empires and push the boundaries of the Muslim world on their own authority, giving rise to Mamluk and Turkic dynasties such as the Seljuks, Khwarezmshahs and the Ayyubids who fought the crusades, as well as the Ghaznavids and Ghorids who conquered India.
In Iberia, Charles Martel's son, Pippin the Younger, retook Narbonne, and his grandson Charlemagne actually established the Marca Hispanica across the Pyrenees in part of what today is Catalonia, reconquering Girona in 785 and Barcelona in 801. This formed a permanent buffer zone against Muslims, with Frankish strongholds in Iberia (the Carolingian Empire Spanish Marches), which became the basis, along with the King of Asturias for the Reconquista, spanning 700 years which after the fall of the Caliphate of Córdoba contested with both the successor taifas as well as the African-based Muslim empires, such as the Almoravids and Almohads, until all of the Muslims were expelled from the Iberian peninsula.
Conquest of Nubia: 700–1606.
After two attempts at military conquest of Nubia failed (see First Battle of Dongola), the Arab commander in Egypt concluded the first in a series of regularly renewed treaties known as AlBaqt (pactum) with the Nubians, this governed the relations between the two peoples for more than six hundred years. Thereafter Islam progressed peacefully in the area through intermarriages with Nubians and contact with Arab merchants and settlers. It should be noted that according to some Muslim sources the second invasion of Nubia by the Muslims was actually a victory which led to the AlBaqt treaty. In one Muslim source the leader of the second invasion, Abdullah ibn Sad ibn Abi Sarh, is actually called the conqueror of Nubia
In 1171 CE the Nubians invaded Egypt, but were defeated by the Muslim Ayyubids. From 1172-1173 CE the Muslim Ayyubids fought and defeated another Nubian invasion force from Makuria which had penetrated Egypt. This time the Muslim Ayyubids not only repelled the invasion, but actually conquered some parts of northern Nubia in retaliation.
In the late 13th century the Muslim Sultan of Egypt,Sultan Baybar, defeated and subjugated the kingdom of Nubia (Makuria). Sultan Baybar made the Kingdom of Nubia (Makuria) a vassal state of Egypt. Decades later In 1315 the Christian kingdom of Makuria was conquered by the Muslim Mamelukes, and a Muslim prince of Nubian royal blood was placed on the throne of Dongola as king.
During the 15th century, the Funj, an indigenous people appeared in southern Nubia and established the Kingdom of Sinnar, also known as As-Saltana az-Zarqa (the Blue Sultanate). The kingdom officially converted to Islam in 1523 and by 1606 it had supplanted the old Christian Nubian kingdom of Alwa (Alodia) and controlled an area spreading over the northern and central regions of modern day Sudan thereby becoming the first Islamic Kingdom in Sudan. Their kingdom lasted until 1821.
Incursions into southern Italy: 831–902.
The Aghlabids rulers of Ifriqiya under the Abbasids, using present-day Tunisia as their launching pad conquered Palermo in 831, Messina in 842, Enna in 859, Syracuse in 878, Catania in 900 and the final Byzantine stronghold, the fortress of Taormina, in 902 setting up emirates in Sicily. In 846 the Aghlabids sacked Rome.
Berber and Tulunid rebellions quickly led to the rise of the Fatimids taking over Aghlabid territory . The Kalbid dynasty administered the Emirate of Sicily for the Fatimids by proxy from 948. By 1053 the dynasty died out in a dynastic struggle and interference from the Berber Zirids of Ifriqiya led to its breakdown into small fiefdoms which were captured by the Italo-Normans by 1091.
Conquest of Anatolia: 1060–1360.
The Abbasid period saw initial expansion and the capture of Crete (840). The Abbasids soon shifted their attention towards the east. During the later fragmentation of the Abbasid rule and the rise of their Shiite rivals the Fatimids and Buyids, a resurgent Byzantium recaptured Crete and Cilicia in 961, Cyprus in 965, and pushed into the Levant by 975. The Byzantines successfully contested with the Fatimids for influence in the region until the arrival of the Seljuq Turks who first allied with the Abbasids and then ruled as the "de facto" rulers.
In 1068 Alp Arslan and allied Turkmen tribes recaptured many Abbasid lands and even invaded Byzantine regions, pushing further into eastern and central Anatolia after a major victory at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. The disintegration of the Seljuk dynasty, the first unified Turkic dynasty, resulted in the rise of subsequent, smaller, rival Turkic kingdoms such as the Danishmends, the Sultanate of Rûm, and various Atabegs who contested the control of the region during the Crusades and incrementally expanded across Anatolia until the rise of the Ottoman Empire.
Further conquests: 1200–1800.
After the Mongol Empire destroyed the Abbasid Caliphate, rampaged through most of the Muslim world following the Battle of Baghdad (1258), they soon converted to Islam, beginning an era of Turkic and Mongol expansions of Muslim rule into Eastern Europe, Central Asia and India. Timur envisioned the restoration of the Mongol Empire of Genghis Khan. Unlike his predecessors, Timur was also a devout Muslim (As he converted after the conquest of Damascus) and referred to himself as the "Sword of Islam". His armies were inclusively multi-ethnic and multicultural. During his lifetime Timur would emerge as the most powerful ruler in the Muslim world after defeating the formidable Mamluks of Egypt and Syria, the emerging Ottoman Empire and the declining Sultanate of Delhi; Timur had also decisively defeated the Knights Hospitaler at Smyrna and since then referred to himself as a "Ghazi". By the end of his reign Timur had also gained complete suzerainty over all the remnants of the Chagatai Khanate, Ilkhanate, Golden Horde and even the Yuan Khanate.
However, the remains of his massive empire would carve out three of the world's most powerful empires to pick up the ruins. The Ottoman Empire would fill up the power to the West of his empire, gradually taking up most of the Near East. The Saffavids would occupy Persia and Central Asia, whilst a descendant of Tamerlane would invade Kabul and from here would carve out an empire stretching from the borders of Persia in the West to the Bay of Bengal in the East. This empire would be known later as the Mughal Empire.
Decline and collapse: 1800–1924.
The Safavid Empire ended with the death of its last ruler Ismail III who ruled from 1750 until his death in 1760. The Mughal Empire struggled with exhausting wars with the Maratha, internal strife, corruption and revolts, and fractured after 1719; the remaining loyal Mughal territory shrank throughout the next century and a half at the hands of the expanding British Empire until it was finally absorbed into the British Raj in 1857. The last surviving Muslim empire, the Ottoman Empire, collapsed in 1918 at the hands of the British Empire and its allies, in the aftermath of World War I. On March 3, 1924, the institution of the Caliphate was abolished by President Mustafa Kemal Atatürk as part of his reforms in creating Turkey as a secular republic and a Turkish nation state from the remnants of the collapsed Islamic multi-ethnic Ottoman realm.

</doc>
