<doc id="2911403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911403" title="Alain Menu">
Alain Menu

Alain Menu (born 9 August 1963 in Geneva) is a Swiss racing driver who races in the British Touring Car Championship for Team BMR. He was one of the most successful touring car drivers of the 1990s, winning the prestigious British Touring Car Championship twice (the only driver during the series' 1991–2000 Super Touring era to do so). He drove for Chevrolet in the World Touring Car Championship between 2005 and 2012 with a best finish of second in 2012.
Biography.
British Touring Car Championship.
Team M Mobile (1992).
He is the son of a farmer. Like many drivers who eventually build a career in touring cars, Menu began his career in single-seater racing, reaching the International Formula 3000 championship in 1991 after two years in the British Formula Three Championship and one year in the British Formula 3000 Championship, in which he finished runner-up in 1990. However, for the next year he returned to Great Britain to race a BMW 3 Series in the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC), showing promise before being injured mid-season in a quadbike accident at Knockhill; despite only participating in half of the season, he still managed to finish 9th in the final championship standings. As a result of this accident, he was unable to jog for exercise again – he instead took up cycling as his main exercise.
Renault (1993–1998).
In 1993 Menu began a six-year association with Renault in the BTCC, who had just entered the series with the GB Motorsport run Renault 19. He finished second in a very wet round two at Donington Park behind team mate Tim Harvey. At the next round at Oulton Park he crashed out of fifth place late on in the race. Menu collided with Nissan Primera of Tiff Needell on the final lap of round eight at Silverstone, dropping Menu for seventh to eighth and forcing Needell into the pits. The Renault team missed the double header at Knockhill and returned to the grid for round ten at Oulton Park. The car had been revised and Menu was sixth after the first few corners having started eighth; he went on to finish fourth behind John Cleland. The first year of their partnership was not particularly successful, with the 19 little better than a midfield runner in the hands of Menu and reigning champion Tim Harvey. However, Menu did manage to win one race at a rain-soaked Donington Park late in the season.
For 1994 the 19 was replaced by the Renault Laguna, which proved to be a much better package all-round. Alfa Romeo had dominated the first four races and Menu didn't finish on the podium until Silverstone. At Oulton Park, Alfa Romeo were told to run their cars without their disputed aerodynamic aids and they left the circuit in protest. This allowed Menu to win the race from pole position and set fastest lap. He collided with Julian Bailey at the first corner of the British Grand Prix support race at Silverstone, triggering a pileup that red flagged the race. He took pole position for round fifteen at Oulton Park by nearly a second over BMW driver Joachim Winkelhock but made a poor start and finished third. Menu scored four further podiums in the last four races to finish second in the championship behind Gabriele Tarquini.
The running of the Renault team was taken over by WilliamsF1 for the 1995 season and Menu was joined by former Toyota driver Will Hoy. Despite relatively little testing, Menu qualified third for the season opener at Donington Park and went on to finish second in the race. He took pole position for the first race at Thruxton and held on to take a narrow victory over Cleland. Menu was running third in round seven at Silverstone when he was forced to retire with mechanical issues but he was able to take part in the second race of the day and he finished fourth. Third place in round nine at Oulton Park was the start of five successive midseason podiums that kept him second in the championship behind Rickard Rydell and then Cleland. Menu was third in the championship after round 21 at Snetterton but three consecutive wins finished the year and elevated him back up to second in the standings.
Menu was partnered with Hoy once again in 1996. The main rival for the Renault team was Audi Sport UK and their 4-wheel drive car, driven by Frank Biela. The season opener at Donington Park saw Menu finish third behind team mate Hoy and Biela. Menu had to start the second race of the day from the back of the grid having failed the ride height check after race one. He recovered to seventh before having to retire with mechanical problems. Menu took pole position for the next event at Brands Hatch but was demoted to second at the start by Biela and those positions stuck until the finish line. The next event at Thruxton saw Menu spin at Church corner in race one and ditch his car into the nearby woodland, he was unhurt but the damage left him on the sidelines for race two. Menu worked his way up into the lead of race one at Snetterton but almost immediately slowed down with car problems and retired. He took the first win of the year for Renault in the next meeting at Brands Hatch, winning both races. After this Menu won twice more on his way to second in the championship, 92 points shy of champion Frank Biela.
He continued with Renault in 1997 and was joined by Renault Spider champion Jason Plato. The car was much more competitive for that year and Menu won the first four races of the season. Rounds five and six at Thruxton took place in wet conditions and the Renaults front row lockout translated into two third placed finishes for Menu. He was nudged into a spin in round eight at Brands Hatch by Anthony Reid's Nissan but was able to rejoin the race and finish fourth while Reid finished fourteenth. Menu started on pole for a wet round eleven at Donington Park although the two Audis got a better start and led into the first corner. Menu was able to cleanly retake second from John Bintcliffe despite a misted up windscreen. Contact with James Thompson at Knockhill meant Menu retired for the first and only time that season. Just before round 19 at Thruxton, Menu pulled into the pits to fix a broken rear wheel which meant he missed the start and he finished in a non–points classified finish for the first time that year. After the second race at Thruxton, Menu had secured the championship crown and so on the final lap of round 21 at Brands Hatch, Menu let team mate Plato through into second place to allow him to close in on Biela in the championship. Menu had taken twelve wins in a dominant car in 1997.
1998 would see the Renault team have a large amount of sponsorship from Nescafe and Menu was once again partnered by Plato. The Renault Laguna was not as dominant as the previous season and Menu won only three races, the first which came at Thruxton in the second race of the year.
Ford (1999–2000).
Menu switched to Ford in 1999 with 1998 championship runner-up Anthony Reid leaving Nissan. The Ford Mondeo was not successful in 1999 and Menu finished 11th in the championship with 1 win at Knockhill. Menu would win his second title in 2000 against team-mates Anthony Reid and Rickard Rydell. 2000 was to be the last year of the BTCC in that form; the championship had been gradually in decline and losing entrants since 1998, with 2000 only featuring 3 works teams and 12 championship contenders, as opposed to the 9 teams and 20+ championship contenders in 1995. The championship was reformed for 2001 with new regulations, but only two manufacturers committed to the series, and Menu, like most of the star drivers, chose to leave the series.
VX Racing (2007).
On 4 October 2007, it was announced that Menu would make a one-off return to the BTCC with which he is most closely associated. He drove a Vauxhall Vectra for VX Racing at the final round of the 2007 BTCC season at Thruxton to assist Fabrizio Giovanardi in his successful title bid.
Team BMR (2014).
On 27 January 2014, it was announced that Menu would return to the BTCC, driving a Volkswagen CC for Team BMR 
DTM.
From 2001 to 2003, Menu raced for Opel in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters, a high-tech touring car series based in Germany. However, he achieved little success (Menu would describe his DTM years as "not very good" in a 2004 interview). While competing in the DTM, he ventured into sports car racing with Ferrari, competing in both the Le Mans 24 Hours and the Sebring 12 Hours as well as winning one race each in both the FIA GT Championship and the American Le Mans Series.
World Touring Car Championship.
Chevrolet (2005–2012).
In 2004, Menu announced his return to production-based touring car racing, with the fledgling Chevrolet team, RML in the 2005 World Touring Car Championship season. Menu, and his equally highly regarded team-mate Nicola Larini, did not expect to win races in their first year but the team's performance was still seen as a big disappointment, Menu only achieving three points finishes, his best result being a 6th at Spa-Francorchamps.
The team had expected to make progress up the grid in 2006, and their faith was fulfilled at a very wet Brands Hatch on 21 May when Menu won the second race of the day, scoring Chevrolet's first-ever outright win in a FIA-accredited world championship event.
Chevrolet introduced the new Cruze model to the championship for 2009. Menu crashed out of the first race of the season at the Race of Brazil after the collision with BMW pair Andy Priaulx and Jörg Müller. At the Race of Morocco, he had originally qualified second but was demoted to tenth by the stewards after his car did not restart following a mandatory visit to the weighing bay after the second phase of qualifying. He was caught up in a race one incident with Jorg Müller and Rickard Rydell which put Rydell out of the race with damage. The Race of France saw Menu take his first win in the Chevrolet Cruze having started on the reversed grid pole for race two and winning the race from there. Menu collided with Augusto Farfus in race one of the Race of Portugal with Menu being spun into the wall. Menu's team mate Larini tagged Tiago Monteiro while the pair tried to avoid the wreckage but Mehdi Bennani collided with the stationary Chevrolet, the track was then blocked and the race red flagged. Menu took pole position at the following event, the Race of UK at Brands Hatch. Having swapped places throughout the race with team mate Huff, Menu won the race to take his second win of the year. During the final qualifying session of the year for the Race of Macau, Yvan Muller lost control on cement dust that had been laid on the track following an earlier accident for James Thompson. Tarquini hit Muller's car, and the SEAT Sport pair were then hit by Menu. He finished the season tenth in the drivers' championship behind fifth placed Huff.
He stayed with Chevrolet for the 2010 season, joined by Huff and new team mate Yvan Muller. Menu brought out the red flags during qualifying for the Race of Morocco when he crashed into the wall during Q1. He came into contact with the wall again during race two when he tangled with BMW Team RBM driver Augusto Farfus. Having been passed by eBay Motors driver Colin Turkington near the end of the race one of the Race of UK, Menu dropped down the order to benefit from the reversed grid for race two. He started on the front row but damaged his steering trying to pass Farfus which put an end to his race. He won only one race in 2010, the first race of the Race of Germany and he finished the year sixth in the standings, three places and 103 points down on team mate Huff while Muller was champion.
Menu continued with Chevrolet for 2012. Muller had won the first three races of the season but Menu broke this streak by winning the second race of the Race of Spain despite going through a gravel trap after encountering oil on the circuit. He took his first pole position of the season at the Race of Morocco and won the first race of the day. Menu was running third in the second race of the Race of Slovakia until he dropped down the order and retired with a broken rim. The second race of the Race of Hungary saw Menu pull away from his team mates to chase down race leader and eventual winner Norbert Michelisz to close in on his team mates in the championship. While running third in race two of the Race of Austria, he suffered a puncture and a high speed collision with the barriers ensued in the final sector of the lap. A similar specification Chevrolet Cruze of bamboo-engineering's Alex MacDowall also had a left front puncture and came to rest in the gravel trap in close proximity to Menu's stranded car. He took up the role of comic book character Michel Vaillant for the Race of Portugal. His Chevrolet Cruze raced in special Vaillante colours and he wore a special race suit and dyed his hair to look like the French comic book racer. Prior to the Race of Brazil, Chevrolet announced they were ending their WTCC programme leaving their drivers without seats for 2013. Menu began a run of three successive pole positions at the Race of United States but he retired from the first race with power steering issues. He led a Chevrolet 1-2-3 from pole in the opening race of the Race of Japan and led from start to finish in race one of the Race of China. Menu was pushed into a half spin by team mate Muller in the second race while leading, allowing Huff to go through and win. Muller finished second and Menu finished third but a post race thirty second penalty saw Muller drop to thirteenth in the classification and Menu was elevated to second in the championship. Menu won the final race of the year at Macau and secured his best overall result in the WTCC with second in the drivers' championship, twelve points shy of Huff.
Porsche Supercup.
Having been unable to find a seat in the WTCC, Menu moved to the Porsche Supercup for the 2013 season, driving for team FACH Auto Tech. Some sources stated that FACH Auto Tech is Menu's own team, but he declared that's not true.
With the main sponsor of the team not supplying funds, Menu only completed one race of the season.
Other activities.
In 2006 he won the 200 km de Buenos Aires, a round of Argentina's TC2000 championship, with Matias Rossi driving a Chevrolet Astra.
Racing record.
Complete International Formula 3000 results.
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races 
in "italics" indicate fastest lap)
Complete Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain results.
† Not eligible for points as a guest driver.
Complete World Touring Car Championship results.
† — Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.

</doc>
<doc id="2911412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911412" title="Haddon Tunnel">
Haddon Tunnel

Haddon Tunnel is a tunnel in Derbyshire, England, built by the Midland Railway extending the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway from Rowsley to Buxton, opened in 1863.
Although the line closed in 1967, it has historic interest, for it was on the Midland Railway (and LMS) main line from London to Manchester, and there are ambitious plans by Peak Rail to reopen it as part of its extension to Bakewell.
It had been constructed entirely to hide it from the view of the Duke of Rutland where the line passed Haddon Hall. It is long and, being close to the surface, was mostly built by the 'cut and cover' method. There were five ventilation shafts, one being the full width of the double-track tunnel, the deepest being only .
Shortly after the headings met, part of it collapsed, killing four workers outright, and wounding another so seriously that he died the following day. The railway paid £100 () compensation to each of their families.
Following closure, the trackbed and tunnel was reincorporated into the Haddon Estate. The long campaign by Peak Rail and others culminated in a feasibility study by Derbyshire County Council in 2004, the Haddon Estate being a major opponent of the plan.
Preservation future.
Peak Rail still plans to extend their heritage rail services via both "Rowsley railway station" and a proposed "Haddon" Halt towards Bakewell. This would require additional restoration of the old tunnel itself and both Rowsley and Coombes Road Viaducts, plus reinstating the Bakewell station site to its original condition by the year 2016. 
There is also currently a problem with the loss of the trackbed near to where it crosses the A6, which may require fundraising to rebuild and reinstate as part of Peak Rail's future plans to reconstruct the whole 20 miles of track between Matlock and Buxton themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="2911415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911415" title="The Springfield Connection">
The Springfield Connection

"The Springfield Connection" is the 23rd episode of the sixth season of "The Simpsons", and originally aired May 7, 1995. After watching Snake Jailbird cheat Homer out of US$20 in a Three-card Monte con game, Marge successfully chases Snake and knocks him out with the lid of a garbage can. The experience of foiling a crime exhilarates her, and she decides to join the Springfield Police. Marge completes her police training and joins a beat as a police officer. She becomes disillusioned with her work after witnessing her friends committing crimes and being exposed to police corruption and resigns from the force.
The episode was written by Jonathan Collier with input from David Mirkin, and directed by Mark Kirkland. The episode's story was inspired by executive producer Mike Reiss' wife, who had debated becoming a police officer. "The Springfield Connection" drew on influences from the 1980s police drama "Hill Street Blues" and the 1971 film "The French Connection", and includes references to "McGruff the Crime Dog" and the theme music to "Star Wars".
Reviews in "The Sydney Morning Herald" and DVD Movie Guide were favorable, and the authors of the book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide" cited Marge's police training as the highlight of the episode. Contributors to compilation works analyzing "The Simpsons" from philosophical and cultural perspectives have cited and discussed the episode. Marge's experiences in the episode are compared to the character Rita from the stage comedy "Educating Rita" by Willy Russell in a literary analysis of the play.
Plot.
Homer and Marge, on the way back from an orchestra performance, pass through a seedy part of town. Marge cautions Homer, but gets enticed by Snake's Three-card Monte game. Snake cheats Homer out of $20, and when Marge exposes the con, Snake takes off. Marge chases after him and manages to knock him unconscious using a garbage can lid. The incident gives her a sense of exhilaration, and she begins to find that her everyday routine feels dull and boring. In the grocery store, she starts rolling around on her shopping cart until it crashes, exciting her more. Instead of regular ham, she buys devilled ham. She begins to lose interest in her previous magazines and checks out the Death Sports section. She decides to spice up her life by joining the Springfield Police Force. Homer is less than enthused about his wife becoming a cop, but she assures him that he will remain "man of the house". Marge reports for police recruit training and performs well in the various tests. Finally she goes home to her family, and announces herself to be part of the force.
The next day, Chief Wiggum sends Marge to Junkyville and Bumtown for her beat. On her beat, after encountering Lionel Hutz rummaging in a dumpster, she goes to the Kwik-E-Mart, where Apu, who knows the drill, tries to bribe her. On her day off, she orders Bart to wear safety gear when skateboarding, which gets him beaten up by the bullies. Lisa tries to encourage her mom to "attack the roots of social problems" but Marge changes the subject with a "McGriff the Crime Dog" hand puppet. That night, Homer and his friends (Lenny, Carl, Moe, Barney, and Herman) are playing cards. Marge comes in and finds them gambling, which is illegal, and Homer's friends beat a hasty retreat.
The next day, she seems rather unenthusiastic, as everyone seems to be breaking the law - especially Homer, who has parked illegally and is buying liquor for the underage bullies. Marge writes Homer a ticket, and when he teases Marge and steals her hat, she arrests him. When Homer gets home, he finds his friend Herman involved in a jean-counterfeiting operation going on in his own garage (referred to throughout the episode as a "car hole"). As Herman and his cronies are about to tune him up, Marge busts in to save the day. As she is cuffing the rest of the crooks, Herman takes Homer hostage and runs to Bart's tree house, with Marge in hot pursuit. Herman tries to escape using a pair of knock-off jeans to slide down a rope, but he falls to the ground, Marge then remarks that she knew what was wrong with them, after becoming fully familiar with jeans. Later, Wiggum informs Marge that they can not hold him due to lack of evidence. Homer retorts saying that there is a garage full of counterfeit jeans. However, Wiggum says that they have "mysteriously disappeared" - true, considering all the cops are wearing them now. Marge gets mad and says that there is too much corruption on the force and she quits. After a hearty laugh, Wiggum accepts her resignation.
Production.
"The Springfield Connection" was written by Jonathan Collier and directed by Mark Kirkland. According to Collier, the inspiration for the episode was former "Simpsons" executive producer Mike Reiss' wife. At one point, she had seriously decided that she wanted to become a police officer but it did not happen. The joke where the police officers laugh at Marge for a long time was pitched by David Mirkin and features a "crazy twist" at the end where Wiggum says "welcome aboard." Mirkin liked the joke so much that he repeated it again at the end of the episode. Marge uses a "McGriff the crime dog" hand puppet who says "Help me bite crime". The hand puppet is a homage to McGruff the Crime Dog – the producers had wanted to use the real McGruff, but could not get permission to use the character. The idea to have a counterfeit jeans ring was pitched because at the time there had been an explosion in the jeans market, and David Mirkin thought it was right to satirize it.
When the Korean animators were animating the sequence with Marge in the gun training course, they did not know how to correctly animate the "shell comout of the gun" because guns were illegal in Korea. They had to consult with the American animators, who advised them to watch movies so they could properly animate the guns. The original design for Marge's police uniform had Marge's hair standing up (as it normally is) with the hat on top. Director Mark Kirkland found that it made for awkward staging in scenes, so they altered the design to have her hair pulled down. David Mirkin later stated that if the design had been used, he would have asked for it to be changed because they were trying to depict Marge as a serious cop.
Cultural references.
The title, as well as Herman's illegal activities, are references to the 1971 film "The French Connection". The couch gag, a parody of the gun barrel sequence in the James Bond films shows some similarities to that of Sean Connery's own gunbarrel sequences. Several references are made to the 1980s police drama "Hill Street Blues": the briefing scene at the police station is similar and the background and end credits music, are parodies of the show's theme. Marge appears on an episode of "COPS", and McGriff the dog is a reference to "McGruff the Crime Dog", a US police public relations figure. Additionally, Marge's training sequences features homages to "Police Academy" (1984) and "Speed" (1994). The Springfield Pops play the theme to the "Star Wars" films at an outdoor venue attended by Homer and Marge, and Homer mistakenly believes that the theme's composer John Williams is dead, complaining: "Laser effects, mirrored balls—John Williams must be rolling around in his grave!".
Analysis.
Kurt M. Koenigsberger analyzes Homer's comments about the Springfield Pops rendition of the "Star Wars" theme in Koenigsberger's piece: "Commodity Culture and Its Discontents: Mr. Bennett, Bart Simpson, and the Rhetoric of Modernism" published in the compilation work "Leaving Springfield: The Simpsons and the Possibility of Oppositional Culture" edited by John Alberti. Koenigsberger comments: "The joke in this opening scene involves a confusion of high and popular artistic production: Marge treats the Springfield Pops as 'culture' and expects that the usually boorish Homer will need to be drawn into the spectacle." However, Koenigsberger notes that Homer actually regards "Star Wars" as a "classic", implying that a "classic" work must have a musical composer that is deceased, and be devoid of light-shows or glitter balls. Koenigsberger uses this example to discuss Homer's application of "a strategy characteristic of literary modernism".
In their book "Educating Rita by Willy Russell", Rebecca Mahon and Nick Chedra cite Marge's desire to "enter the world" as an example of their topic called "Into the World". Mahon and Chedra note: "Comedy and parody are frequently used in the episode in order to convey the frustrations Marge is forced to deal with — whether these are based around the corruption of her colleagues, the music used on occasion which parodies former police shows, or even the scene where Marge is forced to arrest her husband." The authors compare Marge's experiences to those of the character Rita from the stage comedy "Educating Rita" by Willy Russell, commenting that both women later regret the decision to "move into the world".
In the compilation book "" edited by William Irwin, Mark T. Conard and Aeon J. Skoble, contributors Gerald J. Erion and Joseph A. Zeccardi cite the episode as an example in their piece titled: "Marge's Moral Motivation". Erion and Zeccardi assert that Marge has "virtuous personality traits" which they compare to Aristotle, commenting: "Whether breaking up a counterfeit jeans ring run out of her garage in "The Springfield Connection," escaping a cult commune in "The Joy of Sect," or standing up to a Poe-ssessed "Treehouse of Horror," Marge is rarely short on courage." They also note that "..Marge's crime-stopping vigilantism in "The Springfield Connection" and her dangerous escape from the Movementarian commune in "The Joy of Sect" demonstrate that she is genuinely brave, but not foolhardy."
Reception.
In its original broadcast, "The Springfield Connection" finished 58th in ratings for the week of May 1–7, 1995, with a Nielsen rating of 7.9. It was the 4th highest-rated show on the Fox network that week, following "Beverly Hills, 90210", "The X-Files" and "Melrose Place".
Robin Oliver rates the episode "thumbs up" in a review in "The Sydney Morning Herald", where she says of "The Simpsons" series: "this encouragingly funny show knows how to tug at the heartstrings". Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood comment on the episode in their book "I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide": "..the highlight of this episode has to be Marge's training, especially her sharpshooting on the firing range." In a review of the sixth season of "The Simpsons", Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide writes that the episode surpasses the quality of the previous "'Round Springfield": "After the dull '’Round', Season Six rebounds with the pretty good 'Connection'. I can’t quite figure out how Marge stays in such good shape, but her escapades as a cop are funny, and the episode works best when she arrests Homer. I especially like his refusal to remain silent."

</doc>
<doc id="2911433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911433" title="Sharad Purnima">
Sharad Purnima

The Sharad Purnima or Kojaagari Purnima or Kumar Purnima is a harvest festival celebrated on the full moon day of the Hindu lunar month of Ashvin (September–October). It marks the end of monsoon. There is a traditional celebration of the moon and is also called the 'Kaumudi celebration', Kaumudi meaning moonlight. 
At night, goddess Lakshmi is worshiped and night vigil is observed. According to a folk-tale, once a king fell on evil days, and was in great financial straits, but then his queen observed this fast and night vigil, and worshiped the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. Consequently, they were blessed by the goddess and they regained their prosperity.
It is also believed that on this day as moon and the earth are very close to each other, the moon rays have certain healing properties of nourishing the body and the soul.
Maharashtra, West Bengal, Mithila.
Some people believe that on this night Laxmi goes around from place to place asking, and shows her pleasure on those she finds awake. Hence, the night is spent in festivity and various games of amusement, in honour of the goddess. So people sit in the moonlight singing songs, or keep themselves entertained in some other way. They fast from solid food and take only fluids like coconut water or milk. Milk is boiled until it thickens, and milk masala (called kheer, a readymade combination of dry fruits) is added to it and drunk. There is also a tradition to have cool milk and rice flakes on this night. It is a harvest festival and is celebrated throughout the country, particularly by Maharashtrians i.e. by people residing in Maharashtra India & is similarly celebrated by other marathi's (People with Marathi mother tongue) in India & Abroad . The eldest child of the family is also honored on this day.
In the western state of Gujarat, the night is known as Sharad Poonam. In Gujarat people celebrate it by doing Garba and Raas.
The Bengali people call it Lokkhi Pujo and arrange several bhog and upachar for mother goddess Lakshmi.
In the Mithila region, the puja is known by the name of Kojagaraha. It is celebrated in all Maithil households. All the household gods are cleaned and put out in the "AANGAN". Prior to the putting out of idols, the "aangan" is cleaned and decorated with rice flour paste "ARIPAN" OR "ALPANA".They are prayed to and an offering of "PAAN, MAKHAAN, BATASHA" and "KHEER OR PAYAS" is made. They are kept out there overnight so that they are bathed in the pious "Sharad Purnima" moonlight also known as "Amrit Barkha".
It is generally a big celebration for the newly wed couple too. The new bride decorates the house with a rice paste and makes "ALPANA" OR "ARIPAN". The bride, groom and the brother-in-laws play games the whole night. Paan, Makhaan and Sweets are distributed. A big basket having "DHAAN-Rice", "DOOB" grass, Makhaan, "PAAN", coconut, banana, whole nuts, yagyopavit/janeu threads, cloves, cardamom, silver pennies or fishes or turtles made up of silver, yogurt, sweets and Mithila Paintings arrives from the brides home. New clothes are also sent to the in-laws.
A Maithili Legend states that-Lachchmi and Alachchhmi are twin sisters. Lachchmi loves sweet dishes and brings good luck whereas Alachchmi loves spicy food and brings Bad Luck. Thus spicy food is kept out-of-doors so that Alachchmi has her fill and goes away and Sweet dishes are kept in small amounts outside and a second larger helping is kept inside so that Lachchhmi comes inside the house and stays there.
In some regions of the Mithila area, Goddess Kali is also prayed. The Kali puja begins on this day and continues for a fortnight and ends on the night of Diwali with Nisha Puja. 
Currently, this full moon comes during Sharad ritu (season ) of the year and hence it is called Sharad Purnima or Sharad Poonam. (Purnima or Poonam = full moon). 
There is an Ayurvedic reason behind consuming rice flakes with cool milk on this night. Sharad ritu (season) consists of two months of overlapping seasons when the summer is about to end and the winter slowly starts. During Sharad the days are warm and nights start to become cooler. This is perfect season for Pitta "prakop" when pitta vitiates along with other two doshas. Consuming rice flakes with milk during night time is good remedy to pacify pitta. Also known as 'Kojaagari Punam,' the festival is celebrated on Aso sud 15 - Purnima. Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth moves around in the night sky, asking `Ko jaagarti' searching for people below who are awake. In Sanskrit, `Ko jaagarti' means, ' Who is awake?' And to those who are awake she gives wealth. 
Origin 
1. The Sanatkumar Samhita cites the story of 'Kojaagari Punam.' In the Samhita Vaalkhil rishi narrates that in ancient times, a poor Brahmin named Valit lived in Magadhdesh - Bengal. While he was a learned and virtuous man, his wife revelled in quarelling, behaving totally opposite to his wishes. Once on his father's `Shraddh' - day of paying homage to the deceased- she flung the 'pind' - ball of wheatflour - in a sewage pit, rather than the sacred Ganga, as custom required. This infuriated Valit. Therefore he renounced home to search for wealth. In the forests, he met 'Naagkanyas' - girls of Kaliya Naag's ancestry. These Naagkanyas had performed the 'Kojaagari Vrat' - staying awake on Aso sud Punam. They then sat gambling with Valit. The night happened to be Aso sud Punam. Valit lost everything. At that moment, Lord Vishnu and consort Lakshmi, happened to pass by. Since Valit had incidentally observed the 'Kojaagari vrat', Lakshmi graced him handsomeness similar to that of 'Kamdeva' - the deity of love. Now attracted to him, the Naagkanyas married Valit and gave him their riches. He then returned home with the riches, whence his wife received him warmly. After this episode, the Samhita declared that those who remain awake on this Punam will be graced with wealth. 
2. On this night, Lord Krishna invited His faithful devotees, the Gopis of Vrundavan, to play the Maha Raas (traditional folk-dance) with Him. They had earned His grace by overlooking society's disdain on them (`loklaaj'), to offer Him unalloyed devotion.
When They left Their homes in Vraj and arrived in Vrundavan, Shri Krishna welcomed Them. Yet to further test Their love for him, He averred: 'Women of character such as you, should not leave home to meet another man in the middle of the night!' 
These words seared the Gopis' hearts. In extreme grief, They uttered:
'Our feet will not budge the slightest from Your lotus-feet. So how can we return to Vraj?' 
Pleased with such immutable love for Him, Shri Krishna initiated the Maha Raas, by assuming as many forms as there were Gopis. At this point, They beamed with pride that, 'Nobody's devotion can excel ours, by which the Lord favored us.' Instead of accepting the Maha Raas as the Lord's grace, ego marred Their devotion. Therefore He instantly vanished from the Raas mandal! 
Now filled with remorse, the Gopis repented. Recalling Shri Krishna's divine episodes - 'lila', They lamented the separation and sang kirtans known as 'viraha geet':
'Jayati te-dhikam janmanaa vrajaha ….. (Shrimad Bhagvat 10/31/1) 
Describing the 'lila' in the Bhagvat (10/30/25), Shukdevji narrates to king Parikshit:
'O Parikshit! Of all nights, that night of Sharad Punam became the most resplendent. With the Gopis, Shri Krishna roamed the banks of the Yamuna, as if imprisoning everyone in His lila!'
3 Aksharbrahma Gunatitanand Swami, the choicest devotee of Bhagwan Swaminarayan was born on Sharad Punam, Samvat 1841. He granted 'wealth' by blessing spiritually 'awake' devotees with God-realization.
Sentiments
The spiritual import of 'Jaagrati' (awake) is to remain vigilant. In Vachanamrut Gadhada III-9, Bhagwan Swaminarayan elaborates on this vigilance. He says that the vigilance in one's heart is the gateway to the Lord's divine abode. Devotees should not let mundane desires, of wealth, lust and so forth, enter their hearts. When faced with obstacles such as: success and failure, happiness and misery, honor and insult, the devotees should remain unflinching in their devotion to God. In this manner, they should remain vigilant at the gateway to God, not letting any mundane objects through.
Therefore, every moment in our lives requires vigilance and this in itself becomes a subtle form of 'tapas' - austerity. Those who performed severe austerities without vigilance, succumbed to Maya. Vishwamitra performed austerities for 60,000 years, but lost 'Jaagruti' - vigilance - in Menka's company. Similarly, lack of vigilance toppled Saubhari rishi, Ekalshrungi, Parashar and others.
Symbolic Import
Just as the night sky of Sharad Punam is clear and suffused with lunar resplendence, the aspirant should similarly endeavor to purify his 'antahkaran.' 
For this he has to eradicate body-consciousness and mundane desires and imbibe Brahma-consciousness, in order to incessantly experience Parabrahma. (Gita 18/54, Shikshapatri 116). For this the aspirant needs to seek the Gunatit Sadhu, who is the gateway to moksha (the Lord), as proclaimed in the Bhagvat (3/29/20):
Prasangamajaram paashamaatmanaha kavayo viduhu, 
Sa eva sadhushu kruto mokshadwaaram apaavrutam. 
i.e. the sages decree that if a jiva who is deeply attached to his body and bodily relatives, similarly attaches himself to the Gunatit ..Sadhu, the doors of moksha will be opened for him.
In Odisha.
Time For The Festivity.
Sharad Purnima is known as Kumar Purnima or Lakshmi Puja in Odisha, an eastern state of India. Kumar Purnima is the full-moon day in the month of Ashvin in October. This autumn festival is one of the most popular and important festivals of Odisha. 'Kumar' or Kartikeya, the handsome son of Shiva was born on this day. He also became the "God of War". As young girls always wish for a handsome husband, they propitiate Kumar who was most handsome among the Gods. But, peculiarly enough there is no ritual for the God, instead the Sun and the Moon are worshiped.
Main Ritual.
In the early morning the girls after their purificatory bath wear new garments and make food-offerings to the sun. They observe fasting for the day. In the evening when the moon rises they again make food offerings of a special variety and take it after the rituals are over. It is a festival of rejoicing for the girls. All of them sing and dance. The songs are of special nature. They also play a kind of game known as "Puchi". They also indulge in other varieties of country-games.
The Gajalaxmi Puja.
This day is also observed as the birthday of Laxmi, the Goddess of wealth. Therefore, many people worship the Goddess at their homes and keep themselves awake by playing 'Pasha' (Dice) (especially in parts of southern Odisha) and other indoor games. Significantly it suggests that those who wish to acquire wealth should always be vigilant at night. It is for this reason that the owl, a bird that sleeps in the day and comes out only at night is worshipped. Goddess Lakshmi is worshiped by devotees in different pandals and household in and across the state of Odisha, especially in Kendrapara and Dhenkanal. The pandals are decorated with beautiful decorations.

</doc>
<doc id="2911436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911436" title="Microsoft Plus!">
Microsoft Plus!

Microsoft Plus! was a commercial operating system enhancement product by Microsoft. The last edition is the "Plus! SuperPack", which includes an assortment of screensavers, themes, and games, as well as multimedia applications. The Microsoft Plus! product was first announced on January 31, 1994 under the internal codename ""Frosting"". The first one was 
an enhancement for Windows 95, Windows 95 Plus!.
The enhancements that make up Microsoft Plus! are generally developed by Microsoft itself. The Plus! packs also include games and content from third-party companies; for example, in "Plus! for Windows XP", the HyperBowl game developed by Hyper Entertainment Inc. was included. Plus! features that actually enhance the base operating system or provide utility are generally included for free in the next release of Windows.
Microsoft Plus! was discontinued in favor of Windows Ultimate Extras in Windows Vista.
Versions.
Microsoft Plus! for Windows 95.
This was the first version of Plus! and included Space Cadet Pinball, the Internet Jumpstart Kit (which was the introduction of Internet Explorer 1.0), DriveSpace 3 and Compression Agent disk compression utilities, the initial release of theme support along with a set of 12 themes, dial-up networking server, dial-up scripting tool, and the graphical improvements such as anti-aliased screen fonts, full-window drag, the ability to stretch or shrink the wallpaper to fit the screen and highcolor icons. "Task Scheduler" as it is present in later Windows versions was included as "System Agent". A utility to notify the user of low disk space ("DiskAlm.exe") also ran as part of System Agent. Plus! for Windows 95 was initially marketed for adding features for high-performance computers so Windows 95 could meet the minimum system requirement of an 80386 CPU with 8 megabytes of RAM. Later releases of Windows 95 (OSR2 and onwards) included DriveSpace 3 and Internet Explorer 3.0. Windows 98 included all of the enhancements included in Plus! for Windows 95. The Pinball game was not installed by default, but included on the Windows 98 CD.
The screen-saver and wallpaper files include images from the Codex Leicester, which Microsoft founder Bill Gates bought in 1994.
Microsoft Plus! for Kids!
This version was released in 1997 and targeted at children of ages 12 and under. It includes three new applications: "Talk It!", a text-to-speech program that says what users type using various voices, "Play It!", an electronic keyboard with music and sound effects, and "Paint It!", a version of Paint oriented for kids. It also contained a "picture picker" along with clipart, fonts, 10 new desktop themes, and "Protect It!", which are parental controls for Internet Explorer. Plus! for Kids! was the only Plus! release from the Microsoft Home and Entertainment division rather than the Windows Operating System development group. 
There is also a demo version for Microsoft Plus! for Kids!. However, it only contains the readme for the program and the Underwater theme.
Microsoft Plus! 98.
As the sequel to the original suite of enhancements to Windows, Plus! 98 included the original set of themes along with eighteen new desktop themes (Some were based on popular comics such as "FoxTrot" and "Garfield".), along with new programs and tools for Windows 98. An "organic art" 3D screensaver rendered unique infinite 3D visual shapes. A Start Menu cleanup utility was added to Windows 98's "Maintenance Wizard". A Cybermedia Non-Critical File Cleaner utility was integrated into Disk Cleanup. ZIP file integration with Windows Explorer was first introduced with this version under the name of "Compressed folders". New games, such as Microsoft Golf 98 Lite, Lose Your Marbles! and the now popular Spider Solitaire were also part of Plus! 98. A "Deluxe CD Player" with CDDB support and a basic "express" version of Picture It! were also included. Finally, Plus! 98 came with McAfee VirusScan 3.0, along with a six month supply of free updates. 
Some Plus! 98 features such as "Compressed folders" and the "Spider Solitaire" game were included in Windows Me and later Windows versions. The "Deluxe CD Player" was included with Windows 2000. Although Windows Me does not include all of the Plus! 98 features and Plus! 98 Setup is blocked by Windows Me as incompatible, it can be installed on Windows Me by copying the setup files to the local hard disk and renaming Setup.exe before running it.
Microsoft Plus! Game Pack: Cards & Puzzles.
This Plus! pack was released at the time of Windows Millennium Edition; however, it could also be installed on Windows 95, 98 and 2000. It included the - a collection of 10 arcade games and Microsoft Bicycle Card Collection, another set of 12 card games (Hearts, Spades, Cribbage, Pinochle, Crazy 8's, Oh Hell!, Go Fish, Old Maid, Euchre, Gin Rummy, Schafkopf and Skat). A trial version of Microsoft Pandora's Box was also included.
Microsoft Plus! for Windows XP.
Marketed as “The Ultimate Companion for Windows XP”, Microsoft Plus! for Windows XP was launched alongside the Windows XP operating system on October 25, 2001. This version of Plus! was created to show off the enhanced capabilities that Windows XP presented with its updated Windows Media Player and DirectX 3D core technologies. Continuing the feature categories of the previous Plus! products, the product features were desktop themes, screen savers, games, and utilities.
Plus! for Windows XP includes:
Microsoft Plus"!" Digital Media Edition.
Marketed as “The Ultimate Photo, Music, and Movie Enhancement Pack for Windows XP”, Microsoft launched Plus! Digital Media Edition along with Windows XP Media Center Edition. Plus! Digital Media Edition signified the first time Microsoft had released a second Plus! product based on the same base operating system. Microsoft Plus! Digital Media Edition was also the first Microsoft product to be made available for sale to consumers via e-commerce as full product download through online retailers.
Released on January 7, 2003, Plus! Digital Media Edition built upon two newly enhanced Windows XP core components: Windows Media Player and Windows Movie Maker 2. This product version focused more on utility features for photos, music and movies rather than including the more traditional Plus! features like themes, screen savers, and games.
Plus! Digital Media Edition includes:
Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 includes some of the themes and screensavers from Microsoft Plus! for Windows XP, as it retains the Aquarium, Da Vinci, Nature and Space themes. It also includes some applications from Microsoft Plus! Digital Media Edition, namely, Audio Converter, CD Label Maker, Dancer and Party Mode and the My Pictures Premium screensaver. A Windows Media Player skin called Darkling, developed by The Skins Factory is included, the skin is exclusive to Microsoft Plus! Digital Media Edition. Space Cadet Pinball returns on the system.
Microsoft Plus! SuperPack for Windows XP.
On October 19, 2004, Microsoft replaced its two separate Plus! products for Windows XP with a single combined version called the Microsoft Plus! SuperPack for Windows XP. There were no new features or functionality added nor are the two separate products integrated. The Plus! series has been discontinued, as some of its features have been integrated into other Microsoft products such as Windows Vista.

</doc>
<doc id="2911437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911437" title="Megaceros">
Megaceros

Megaceros is a genus of hornworts in the family Dendrocerotaceae. The genus is found in the Old World tropics of east Asia and Australia. Its name means 'big horn', and refers both to the exceptionally large size of the gametophyte thallus and to the large, horn-shaped sporophyte that the plants produce. Many species have a branching thallus that is more than two centimeters wide. The gametophytes are monoicous.
The genus "Megaceros" is unusual among hornworts in that the sporophyte does not have stomata, and the spores are green because they contain chloroplasts, as does the related genus "Dendroceros". The thallus cells often contain more than one chloroplast, as opposed to other hornwort genera. The elaters are helical.
The genus "Megaceros" was first recognized in 1907 by D. Campbell. More recently, the genera "Nothoceros" and "Phaeomegaceros" have been split off from this genus. The former genus includes all New World species previously included in "Megaceros".

</doc>
<doc id="2911447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911447" title="Hassop">
Hassop

Hassop is a village in the local government district of Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire, England.
It developed around a number of lead mines, with such names as "The Brightside", "Backdale", "Harry Bruce", "Waterhole" and "Whitecoe", which lasted until the mid-nineteenth century.
The local landowners were the Eyre family of Padley, who built Hassop Hall. In 1643 they defended the house against the Parliamentarians. Manholes in the floor of the cellar are reputed to allow entrance to a former lead-mine under the Hall. Hassop Hall was extensively rebuilt in Classical style between 1827 and 1833. It is now a private hotel.
The Roman Catholic church of All Saints was built in 1816-18 for the Eyre family. 
Hassop railway station was about two miles south of the village, built by the Manchester, Buxton, Matlock and Midlands Junction Railway in 1863. It closed in 1964 and the station building has since been converted to a bookshop and cafe. The trackbed through the station is part of the 8.5 mile Monsal Trail, a walk and cycleway.

</doc>
<doc id="2911452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911452" title="Guy Boyd (sculptor)">
Guy Boyd (sculptor)

Guy Martin à Beckett Boyd (12 June 1923 – 26 April 1988) was an Australian potter and figurative sculptor noted for his ability to capture the fluidity and sensuality of the female form. He was also active in environmental and other causes, including protesting against the damming of the Franklin River and advocating the innocence of Lindy Chamberlain.
The Boyd family artistic dynasty includes painters, sculptors, architects and other arts professionals, commencing with Boyd's grandfather Arthur Merric Boyd, Boyd's father Merric and mother Doris, uncles Penleigh Boyd and Martin Boyd, and brothers Arthur and David, both painters. Mary Boyd, his sister and also a painter, married first John Perceval, and then later Sidney Nolan, both artists.
Background and early years.
Born in Murrumbeena, Victoria, he was a member of the Boyd artistic dynasty, and brother of painters Arthur Boyd and David Boyd. Initially he was a potter, establishing both Martin Boyd Pottery and later Guy Boyd Pottery. These studios produced a wide range of modernist objects from house-wares to decorative pieces which enjoyed strong commercial success. Iconic Australian imagery, particularly flora and indigenous motifs, feature heavily. This period of work is also stepped in the 'atomic age' aesthetics of the 1950s and early 1960s with a familiar color palate and shapes that hold strong echos of Eames and others.
Career.
Boyd turned away from this commercial work and to a full-time career in sculpture in 1965. His commissions include sculptures in both Melbourne and Sydney's international airports, Caulfield Town Hall, the Commonwealth Bank and has pieces in the National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne. He has had exhibitions of his work in Australia, England, Canada, and the United States.
In 1968 Boyd won a Churchill Fellowship to study art overseas; and was appointed the Art Advisor to Deakin University in 1988.
'Guy Boyd' written by Anne Von Bertouch and Patrick Hutchins was published by Lansdowne Press in 1976.
He was Australian Co-ordinator of 'Save Lindy Chamberlain' and wrote the book "Justice in Jeopardy" in her defence.
He was President of the Brighton Foreshore Protection Committee, which he founded with a plaque commemorating his achievements in preserving the Brighton Foreshore erected on the beach at Brighton, Victoria, Melbourne.
He was President of the Port Phillip Protection Society and was arrested campaigning against the damming of the Franklin River in Tasmania.
He migrated to Canada with his wife and four younger children, settling in Toronto in 1975, but returned to live in Australia five years later.
Died 26 April 1988 from coronary artherosclerosis and was buried with Anglican rites in Brighton cemetery. His wife, Phyllis, and their five daughters and two sons, survived him.

</doc>
<doc id="2911461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911461" title="Howard Blake">
Howard Blake

Howard Blake OBE (born 28 October 1938) is an English composer whose career has spanned over 50 years and produced more than 650 works. Blake's most successful work is his soundtrack for Channel 4’s 1982 film "The Snowman" including the song "Walking In The Air". He is increasingly recognised for his classical works including concertos, oratorios, ballets, operas and many instrumental pieces. The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians states: ‘Howard Blake has achieved fame as pianist, conductor and composer.’
Early life.
Blake was born in London. He did not come from a family of professional musicians, although his mother played piano and violin and his father sang tenor in the church choir. At Brighton, Hove and Sussex Grammar School for boys
At the age of 18 years Blake won a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Music as both pianist and composer but found himself at odds with his contemporaries in regard to musical style. He virtually stopped composing and became interested in film and on leaving the Academy briefly worked as a film projectionist at the National Film Theatre. Missing music he played piano in pubs and clubs for a couple of years until being discovered and signed by EMI to make a solo album and work as a session musician on many recordings. This led him to work as an arranger and a composer, a role which gradually became his full-time occupation.
Music career.
Howard Blake grew up in Brighton, from the age of 11 singing lead roles as a boy soprano and at 18 winning the Hastings Musical Festival Scholarship to The Royal Academy of Music, where he studied piano with Harold Craxton and composition with Howard Ferguson.
In the late 1960s, on the recommendation of Bernard Herrmann, Blake began working as a keyboard player and arranger with veteran screen composer Laurie Johnson on music for the hit ITV television series "The Avengers". During the program's sixth and final season in 1968-1969 (which featured John Steed's new partner Tara King, played by Linda Thorson), Johnson was commissioned to write the soundtrack music for the feature film "Hot Millions"; to enable him to work on the film score, Johnson recruited Blake to take over composing duties for him, and Blake composed the incidental music for ten complete episodes of that series.
Over an active career he has written numerous film scores, including "The Duellists" with Sir Ridley Scott and David Puttnam, which gained the Special Jury Award at the Cannes Festival in 1977, "A Month in the Country" with Kenneth Branagh and Colin Firth which gained him the British Film Institute Anthony Asquith Award for musical excellence in 1989, and "The Snowman", which was nominated for an Oscar after its first screening on Channel 4 in 1982 and has won many other prizes internationally. His famous song "Walking in the Air", for which he also wrote the lyrics, was the success that launched Aled Jones in 1985, whilst his concert version for narrator and orchestra is now performed worldwide as well as the full-length ballet of the same name, launched in 1997 and in 2013 celebrating its 16th consecutive Christmas season for Sadler's Wells at The Peacock Theatre in London. Howard has composed many concert works, including the Piano Concerto commissioned by the Philharmonia Orchestra for the 30th birthday of Princess Diana in 1991 in which he also featured as soloist: the Violin Concerto to celebrate the centenary of the City of Leeds in 1993; the cantata to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the United Nations in 1995, performed in the presence of the Royal Family in Westminster Hall, and the large-scale choral/orchestral work, "Benedictus", championed by Sir David Willcocks and the Bach Choir, given its London premiere in Westminster Cathedral in 1989 with Cardinal Hume as narrator and widely performed ever since.
More recent works are "Lifecycle" - 24 pieces for solo piano - recorded for ABC Classics in 2003; "Songs of Truth and Glory", The Elgar Commission for the Three Choirs Festival in 2005; and a first recording of "The Land of Counterpane" a song-cycle to words by Robert Louis Stevenson recorded in the Usher Hall Edinburgh in March 2007 with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, which he conducted. He is a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music and, in 1994, received the OBE for services to music.
He wrote a lot of commercial music successfully in the 1960s, but in 1970 to "get away from it all" he lived in a beach hut in Cornwall for about two months.
In 1980, Blake was commissioned to write an orchestral music score for "Flash Gordon", in collaboration with Queen. He was given only 10 days to produce the results, and after completion fell ill due to pneumonia brought on by exhaustion. He recovered however, and he and Queen were jointly nominated for a BAFTA Award. It was however a disappointment to him that the makers of "Flash Gordon" did not use a good percentage of his score. Two years later he won acclaim for his score for "The Snowman". The title song "Walking in the Air" has been reproduced in many forms over the years, remaining popular ever since it was released in 1982. Finnish metal band "Nightwish" made a cover version of "Walking in the Air". Norvegian avant-garde black metal band, Angst Skvadron, also made a cover of "The Snowman".

</doc>
<doc id="2911467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911467" title="Bruce Edgar">
Bruce Edgar

Bruce Adrian Edgar (born 23 November 1956) was a cricketer from Wellington and one of the best batsmen New Zealand has ever produced. An accountant by profession, in the 1980s, he played 39 Tests and 64 One Day Internationals, altogether he played 175 first-class matches. In internationals, he formed a successful opening partnership with fellow left-hander John Wright.
He was non-striking partner on the pitch for the underarm bowling incident on 1 February 1981, during the third World Series Cup final between New Zealand and Australia at the MCG. His striking partner, Brian McKechnie, needed a six to tie the match from the final ball. Australian bowler Trevor Chappell, on orders from the team captain, older brother Greg Chappell, bowled the ball underarm, rolling it on the ground to prevent McKechnie from getting the six and lock the match up for Australia.
The unfortunate part of the incident was that, at the time, Edgar was 102 not-out for the innings. It is often considered "the most overlooked century of all time."
The following season, some consolation for Edgar is the fact that his highest test score, 161, was against Greg Chappell's Australians at Eden Park, Auckland. New Zealand won this Test match, only their second against Australia, by five wickets and took a 1-0 lead in the three-test series, with Edgar named Man of the Match. The series was drawn 1-1, after Australia won the final test by eight wickets at Lancaster Park, Christchurch. Edgar topped the Kiwi batting averages with 278 runs at 55.60.
In 1981, Bruce Edgar was professional for the Hyde team which won the Central Lancashire League championship.
Edgar has since become involved with the Gordon Grade Cricket Club in Sydney. He coached the A.W. Greenshield team in the 2010-11 season and has continued to play an integral role in the running of the club.

</doc>
<doc id="2911468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911468" title="Linden Ashby">
Linden Ashby

Clarence Linden Garnett Ashby III (born May 23, 1960), best known as Linden Ashby, is an American actor and martial artist, well known for his role as Johnny Cage in the film adaptation of "Mortal Kombat" and currently as Sheriff Stilinski in the MTV series "Teen Wolf". He also made an appearance as a commander in the box office success, "Iron Man 3", and as Van Wilder's father in "".
Early life.
Ashby was born in Atlantic Beach, Florida, the son of Eleanor, a civic organizer, and Garnett Ashby, a pharmaceuticals manufacturer. Ashby graduated from The Bolles School, a private school located in Jacksonville, Florida. He attended Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colorado, but dropped out his junior year to pursue an acting career. Ashby studied acting at Neighborhood Playhouse in New York.
Career.
One of his first roles was as Lance Reventlow, the only son of Woolworth heiress Barbara Hutton (played by Farrah Fawcett) in the Golden Globe-winning miniseries "".
He was on "Melrose Place" as Dr. Brett Cooper for one season in 1998. He first appeared on Melrose Place in the first season in 1993 as Jo's husband Charles Reynolds, in the episodes "Peanut Butter and Jealousy" and "Single White Sister". He played Cameron Kirsten on "The Young and the Restless" from 2003 to 2004. He also began playing the role of Paul Hollingsworth on "Days of Our Lives" in March 2008.
Personal life.
Ashby is married to actress Susan Walters. The couple met on the set of the ABC television series "Loving" in 1983, where she was a regular and he was filming a guest appearance. They have two daughters, Frances Grace (born 1991) and Savannah Elizabeth (born 1992). Ashby has been a student of martial arts on and off since he was 21 with a lot of time off and studied Karate, Tae Kwon Do and Kung Fu.
Linden has admitted to previously suffering panic attacks before auditions which threatened to shorten his career.

</doc>
<doc id="2911472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911472" title="Don Covay">
Don Covay

Don Covay (born Donald Randolph, 24 March 1938, Orangeburg, South Carolina, United States) is an American R&B/rock and roll/soul music singer and songwriter most active in the 1950s and 1960s, who received a Pioneer Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation in 1994.
History.
Early career.
His father is a Baptist preacher who died when Don was eight. Covay resettled in Washington D.C. during the early 1950s and initially sang in the Cherry Keys, his family's gospel quartet. He crossed over to secular music with the Rainbows, a formative group which also included Marvin Gaye and Billy Stewart. Covay's solo career began in 1957 as part of the Little Richard Revue.
Career achievements.
A single "Bip Bop Bip" was released on Atlantic and produced by Little Richard, on which Covay was billed as "Pretty Boy". It also featured his backing band the Upsetters. Over the next few years Covay drifted from label to label, but a further dance-oriented track called "Popeye Waddle" was a hit in 1962. He also wrote and recorded "Pony Time" which later became a US #1 single for Chubby Checker. Covay meanwhile honed his songwriting skills by penning a hit for Solomon Burke, "I'm Hanging Up My Heart for You", while Gladys Knight & The Pips reached the US Top 20 with "Letter Full of Tears".
Covay's singing career continued to falter until 1964, when he signed to the Rosemart label. His debut single there with the Goodtimers, "Mercy Mercy" (accompanied by a young Jimi Hendrix on guitar), established his earthy bluesy style. Atlantic bought his contract, but, while several R&B hits followed, it was a year before Covay returned to the pop chart. "See Saw", co-written with Steve Cropper and recorded at Stax, paved the way for more hits.
Don Covay's songs still remain successful: Aretha Franklin won a Grammy for her performance of his composition "Chain of Fools". He is a legendary composer and singer, best known for his R&B classic compositions "Mercy Mercy", "Chain of Fools", "See Saw" and "Sookie Sookie". Covay had success as a singer as Don Covay and The Goodtimers, and his compositions have been recorded by such varied artists as Steppenwolf, Bobby Womack, The Rolling Stones, Wilson Pickett, The Small Faces, Grant Green, Peter Wolf and many more.
Current.
In the mid 1990s Don Covay had a debilitating stroke, but he has recovered well. He is still active. His most recent album "Adlib", released in 2000 on the Cannonball label, was his first album in 23 years.
Discography.
Albums
Singles (Partial list)

</doc>
<doc id="2911475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911475" title="Agathocles">
Agathocles

Agathocles (Greek: ) is a Greek name; the most famous of which is Agathocles of Syracuse, the tyrant of Syracuse. The name is derived from , "agathos", i.e. "good" and , "kleos", i.e. "glory".
Other personalities named Agathocles:
It is also the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="2911480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911480" title="Jon Tiven">
Jon Tiven

Jon Tiven (born January 3, 1955, New Haven, Connecticut, United States) is an American composer, guitarist, record producer, and music journalist. He has produced albums by Wilson Pickett, Frank Black and Don Covay as well as a series of tribute albums paying tribute to the songwriting of Don Covay, Arthur Alexander, Otis Blackwell, Curtis Mayfield, and Van Morrison.
Early career.
He was a founder of the bands The Yankees and The Jon Tiven Group. Tiven began his career as a music journalist in the late 1960s, writing for "Rolling Stone", "Fusion", "Melody Maker", and a host of other magazines. Upon the release of "Almost Famous," Tiven's youthful writing was pilloried by Richard Meltzer in his "Third Spud From the Sun" essay. Initially an alto saxophonist, he taught himself to play a variety of instruments and became fairly adept at guitar, enough to write songs and accompany himself. After a brief flirtation with higher education at Yale University and Sarah Lawrence College (1972–74), he dropped out to pursue his musical career. In 1975 Tiven went to work for Chess Records in New York, but quickly saw that working inside a record company was not his calling, and travelled to Memphis to produce Alex Chilton's first solo album, "Bach's Bottom".
Productions and projects.
Upon returning to New York, Tiven licensed the Chilton masters as well as other Memphis recordings he had made to Ork Records, the first New Wave/punk rock label. He soon split to produce for Big Sound Records, where he produced records by Van Duren and his own band The Yankees, but losing faith in those running the label he became totally independent. In addition to playing on sessions for artists such as Major Lance ("I've Got A Right To Cry") and The Rolling Stones ("Jivin Sister Fanny"), Tiven honed his craft as a member of The Jim Carroll Band, as a guitarist/organist and also co-writing with Carroll the title song of the second album ("Dry Dreams"). Befriended by John Belushi, he formed The Tom Davis Experience featuring Al Franken with the two comedians, and had a featured acting role as well as writing five songs for their film "One More Saturday Night" (Columbia Pictures, 1986) produced by Dan Aykroyd.
Compositions.
Other artists such as Rick Derringer, Barrence Whitfield & the Savages, and The Symptoms started recording his songs, and Tiven dedicated himself to primarily writing songs for other artists. In 1985 he renewed a friendship with his hero Don Covay, and they wrote, performed, and recorded together through 2001. A label approached him to make his own record, and so was formed The Jon Tiven Group who recorded two albums, "Blue Guru" and "Yes I Ram" in 1996 and 1999 respectively. The band featured Jon Tiven on guitar, Alan Merrill on lead vocals, Todd Snare on drums, and Tiven's wife Sally Tiven on bass. Tiven started having some Billboard Hot 100 chart success with covered songs recorded by Huey Lewis and the News and The Jeff Healey Band, and Tiven then submitted some songs to B.B. King to record. The sessions Tiven produced and wrote by B.B. King were parcelled out on several releases, including "Here and There", a European release "Lucille & Friends", and the Grammy-award winning box set "King of the Blues". From that time on Tiven would distinguish himself in the soul and blues genres, writing and producing new albums by Don Covay, Syl Johnson, Donnie Fritts, Freddie Scott, and Mack Rice, among others. He coaxed Arthur Alexander out of retirement in 1990 and, in 1998, produced and co-wrote Wilson Pickett's first album in seventeen years, "It's Harder Now", which won three W.C. Handy Awards and was nominated for a Grammy.
Tiven continued to have his songs recorded by other artists. Robert Cray had a top seller with the cover "24-7 Man," Johnny Winter with "I Smell Smoke," Buddy Guy with "Midnight Train," Shemekia Copeland with "Married To The Blues," Irma Thomas with "Trying To Catch A Cab In The Rain," and Australian Ian Moss with "Mr. Rain."
Current.
After the Jon Tiven Group disbanded, Tiven produced and co-wrote a series of albums with soul/blues singer Ellis Hooks. Moving from New York to Nashville in 2002, he produced a series of albums by Frank Black. In 2004 he produced and co-wrote what would become Little Milton's last recorded effort "Think Of Me", which was released in 2005 and received four W.C. Handy Awards in 2006 including Song of the Year and Album of the Year. In 2006, he produced "Sailover", by P.F. Sloan for Hightone Records, as well as "What I Was Running From", the debut album by Indiana singer/songwriter Don Pedigo. He continued to have his songs recorded by soul and blues artists, including Billy Price, Ricky Fante, Gigi Dover, Hard Bargain featuring Arthur Canady, Rock Bottom, and Jim Quick & Coastline.
In 2007 Tiven produced and co-wrote "Intuition", the first recordings in thirty-seven years by soul singer Betty Harris. He continued his work with Ellis Hooks by producing "Another Saturday Morning", the sixth album by the Alabama soul-blues musician. Tiven also helmed the chart-topping American debut "Sofa King Badass" by Mason Casey. Touring Europe with a new band Jon Tiven & the Nashville Aces, he introduced his nine-piece outfit backing Ellis, Betty, and Mack Rice. In 2007, Tiven produced an album by former Grass Roots member Creed Bratton (also known as a cast member of the television show "The Office").
In 2008, Tiven produced and co-wrote a new album by Howard Tate entitled "Blue Day". Tiven also produced a new gospel-tinged album by Garnet Mimms entitled "Is Anybody Out There?". He also co-produced/co-wrote a new record with Felix Cavaliere and Steve Cropper for Stax Records called "Nudge It Up A Notch", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance.
Tiven continued songwriting, collaborating with Chuck Mead, Stewart Francke, Billy Price/Fred Chapellier and Syl Johnson for their upcoming releases. Tiven is credited as a writer on over 400 recorded songs.
In 2009, Tiven began creating a string of narrative Soul Operas. His first, entitled "I Sold Out" features the voices of James Jackson Toth, Cowboy Jack Clement, Buddy Miller, Chuck Mead, Bekka Bramlett and Felix Cavaliere. He is currently working on the follow-up, "Skin On The Wheel Of Time," sung by Ellis Hooks, Bekka Bramlett, and James Jackson Toth and featuring songs Tiven wrote with the aforementioned three plus Bob Mosley, Billie Ray Martin, Roger Reale, Charlie Feldman, Keith Reid, Joe Bonamassa, Jimmy Vivino, Wayne Carson, Al Franken, and Thomas Cain.
2010 saw Tiven producing a new blues album by Troy Turner, as well as the cowriter of songs recorded by Shaun Murphy, Guitar Shorty, Alabama Mike, Tara Holloway, Erya Lyytinen, Colin Gilmore, Kirsten Thien. He also embarked on producing new cds by Steve Cropper and the duo of Frank Black and Reid Paley a.k.a. Paley & Francis. In 2011 he performed several concerts with Steve Cropper to promote the album "Dedicated: A Salute to the 5 Royales", featuring Bettye LaVette, Dylan Leblanc, Ellis Hooks, Maxine Brown, Ben Drew (Plan B), K Flay, and Theresa & Emily of the band Warpaint.
2012 was a banner year for Jon Tiven, starting with the release of Ruthie Foster's "Let It Burn" album, which featured the single "Aim For The Heart" written by Tiven, his wife Sally, and Ruthie herself. Tiven formed the group YO MA MA with lyricist Stephen Kalinich, and with the help of rhythm section Cody Dickinson and Sally Tiven, guest guitarists/cowriters Brian May and Steve Cropper, and singer Willie Jones recorded a double album, "Shortcuts To Infinity/Symptomology", which they produced with Mark Linett. Tiven also wrote songs with Andreas Werner, Paul Rodgers, and Mary Katherine Rowe.

</doc>
<doc id="2911484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911484" title="Glen Duncan">
Glen Duncan

Glen Duncan is a British author born in 1965 in Bolton, Lancashire, England to an Anglo-Indian family. He studied philosophy and literature at the universities of Lancaster and Exeter.
In 1990 Duncan moved to London, where he worked as a bookseller for four years, writing in his spare time. In 1994 he visited India with his father (part roots odyssey, part research for a later work, "The Bloodstone Papers") before continuing on to the United States, where he spent several months travelling the country by Amtrak train, writing much of what would become his first novel, "Hope", published to critical acclaim on both sides of the Atlantic in 1997.
His novel "I, Lucifer" was published in 2002. The premise of the book is that Lucifer has been given a month to live in mortal form to get himself back into God's good graces before the end of the world. The film rights have been sold, and actors such as Ewan McGregor, Jason Brescia, Jude Law, Vin Diesel, and Daniel Craig have been considered for roles in the forthcoming adaptation.
According to critic William Skidelsky in "The Guardian", Duncan "specialises in writing novels that can't easily be pigeon-holed." Similarly, David Robson in "The Telegraph" has noted that Duncan is "an idiosyncratic talent", adding,"You never know quite which way he is going to turn." 

</doc>
<doc id="2911489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911489" title="The Jon Tiven Group">
The Jon Tiven Group

The Jon Tiven Group made two albums in the 1990s: "Blue Guru" and "Yes I Ram". The members were Jon Tiven (guitar), Alan Merrill (lead vocals), Sally Tiven (bass guitar) and Todd Snare (drums).
Although the band never made the Billboard top 100 charts, they certainly made an impact with fellow musicians. The two albums resulted in many cover versions of the band's songs, by such notable artists as Wilson Pickett, Huey Lewis and the News, Jeff Healey, B. B. King, Robert Cray, Billie Ray Martin, Buddy Guy, "Sir" Mack Rice, Freddie Scott and others.

</doc>
<doc id="2911492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911492" title="Night-Thoughts (disambiguation)">
Night-Thoughts (disambiguation)

Night-Thoughts is an 18th-century poem by Edward Young.
Night Thoughts or Night Thought may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2911495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911495" title="Centre Party Youth">
Centre Party Youth

The Centre Party Youth (, "CUF") is the youth organization of the Center Party in Sweden.
CUF was founded 1919, under the name Swedish Rural Youth League ("Svenska Landsbygdens Ungdomsförbund"). In 1962 the name was changed to Youth League of the Centre ("Centerns Ungdomsförbund") and then in 2004 it its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="2911496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911496" title="Todd Snare">
Todd Snare

Todd Snare (born Todd Lowther) is a drummer. 
It was announced on February 4, 2010 that Groove Theory is back in the studio working on a reunion album. New material will be available in about two months according to the group's management.

</doc>
<doc id="2911498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911498" title="The Amazing Live Sea Monkeys">
The Amazing Live Sea Monkeys

The Amazing Live Sea Monkeys was a live-action television series that aired in 1992. The series aired 11 episodes before it was canceled. The show focuses on three Sea Monkeys—Dave (Rob LaBelle), Bill (Peter Pitofsky) and Aquarius (Sean Whalen)—and their creator, The Professor (Howie Mandel). Others appearing in the short-lived series included Stephen Furst, Gilbert Gottfried, Larry Melman and Vernon Wells.
The concept of the show derived from the popular Sea Monkeys product, successfully marketed in the 1970s with a series of comic book ads designed and illustrated by Joe Orlando, later Vice President of DC Comics and Associate Publisher of "Mad". Produced by CBS, the series aired in the United States and Australia. The unusual character designs derive from the fantasy characters in the ads that Orlando drew for Harold von Braunhut, creator of the product.
The plot revolved around the notion that the Professor had accidentally enlarged three sea monkeys to human-size, and plotlines followed their ensuing comical ineptness in the world. Each Sea Monkey displayed a certain odd character trait: Aquarius could not keep a secret, Bill was afraid of an Imperial, Dave would grow excited at the sound of polka music.

</doc>
<doc id="2911505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911505" title="Castle of Blood">
Castle of Blood

Castle of Blood (Italian title: Danza Macabra) is a 1964 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti, using the pseudonym Anthony M. Dawson. This film is also known as "Coffin of Terror, Danse macabre, Dimensions in Death, La Lunga notte del terrore, Terrore, The Castle of Terror, The Long Night of Terror, Tombs of Horror," and "Tombs of Terror".
The story.
A journalist challenges Edgar Allan Poe on the authenticity of his stories, which leads to him accepting a bet from Lord Blackwood to spend the night in a haunted castle on All Soul's Eve. Ghosts of the murdered inhabitants appear to him throughout the night, re-enacting the events that lead to their deaths. It transpires that they need his blood in order to maintain their existence. Barbara Steele plays a ghost who attempts to help the journalist escape.
Poe.
Silvano Tranquilli plays Edgar Allan Poe in this movie, and the credits claim that the movie is based on a short story by Poe. In reality no such story exists, although in the opening scene Poe (Tranquilli) is seen recounting the end of Poe's story "Berenice".
In 1971, director Antonio Margheriti remade "Castle of Blood" as "Web of the Spider". In this version Poe was played by Klaus Kinski, and the movie claimed to be based on a different non-existent Poe story called "Night of the Living Dead".
Critical reception.
Allmovie's review of the film was favorable, calling it an "eerie and effective early horror film".

</doc>
<doc id="2911506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911506" title="Boo Trundle">
Boo Trundle

Boo Trundle is a musician active in early to mid-1990s. Her style is semi-acoustic alternative indie rock.

</doc>
<doc id="2911507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911507" title="Chas Brownlow">
Chas Brownlow

Charles "Chas" Brownlow (25 July 1861 – 23 January 1924) was an Australian rules football administrator in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He went to the Geelong College for his schooling.
Also a player, from 1880 to 1891 Brownlow played with the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football Association (VFA), before the formation of the VFL. During his career he was also the club secretary, beginning from 1885 and ending in 1923, a year before his death.
In addition to this he was caretaker president of the VFL in 1918 and 1919.
Brownlow married Matilda Jane Barber and they had four children: Daisy, Ruby, Elsie and Charles junior.
He is known for having the Brownlow Medal named in his honour. It was first awarded in 1924, the season immediately following his death, and is still awarded in today's Australian Football League to the player judged by umpires to be the fairest and best player throughout the year. The Medal is engraved, "Chas Brownlow Trophy".
In 1997, Brownlow was inducted as an administrator into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
Brownlow was also secretary of the Geelong Cricket Association between 1896-97 to 1912-13 and treasurer from 1899-1900 to 1912-13.

</doc>
<doc id="2911509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911509" title="Tony Blain">
Tony Blain

Tony Elston Blain (born 17 February 1962 in Nelson, New Zealand) was an understudy to Ian Smith and Adam Parore, he played in 11 Tests and 38 One Day Internationals for New Zealand, after retiring from the game he went from coaching to a commentator.

</doc>
<doc id="2911514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911514" title="Samuel W. Rowse">
Samuel W. Rowse

Samuel Worcester Rowse (January 29, 1822 – 1901) was an American artist.
Works.
His more famous works, mostly drawings in black and white, and in crayon, include:
Annie Adams Fields, wife of Boston publisher James Thomas Fields, sat for a black crayon drawing by Rowse and noted the artist as "eccentric but true and interesting".
Copies of his lithograph of "The Resurrection of Henry Box Brown at Philadelphia" were used by anti-slavery activists prior to and during the American Civil War (1861–1865) to raise funds for the Underground Railroad and other anti-slavery campaigns. Henry Brown, a slave, had escaped from Richmond, Virginia in 1849 by having himself shipped overland express to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in a small box, where he was received by Reverend James Miller McKim and other members of the Anti-Slavery Society.

</doc>
<doc id="2911516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911516" title="Young Greens of Sweden">
Young Greens of Sweden

The Green Youth of Sweden (, "GU") is the youth wing of the Swedish Green Party. GU does not have a program of its own, and is unique among Swedish political youth organizations by following the program and policies of the mother party. 
GU was founded at a conference in Sollentunaholms slott outside Stockholm on 28−30 November 1986.
During the period of 1990−92, GU was a federation of autonomous local units but in 1992, it was again reconstructed as a national organisation.

</doc>
<doc id="2911530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911530" title="Žemaitė">
Žemaitė

Žemaitė (literally "female Samogitian") – a pen name of Julija Beniuševičiūtė-Žymantienė; in Bukantė near Plungė – 7 December 1921 in Marijampolė) was a Lithuanian/Samogitian writer. Born to impoverished gentry, she became one of the major participants in the Lithuanian National Revival. She wrote about peasant life in the style best described as realism.
In 4 June 2014, Google Doodle has chosen Žemaitė as doodle theme.
Life.
Žemaitė was born in the distant manor house in the Kovno Governorate of the Russian Empire. As a child, she was forbidden by her parents to play with the children of serfs or learn the Lithuanian language. Like many of the Lithuanian gentry, her parents had become Polonized, and were of the belief that speaking Lithuanian was a step backward socially. Nevertheless, she did learn the language and gained a deep affection for the common people. She understood the burden of serfdom, and the resulting misery that came from poverty. This perspective would later form the basis for much of her creative work. Žemaitė did not receive a formal education and was largely self-taught from the many books she read.
She strongly supported the uprising of 1863, and few years later married an active participant of the uprising, Laurynas Žymantas. They met on the Džiuginėnai estate, where they were both employed. For the next twenty years, Žemaitė worked on their farm, raised their children, and battled poverty. In 1883, the family moved to a village near Užventis. She came in contact with Povilas Višinskis who gave her various Lithuanian periodicals (Aušra, Varpas, Apžvalga), and encouraged her to write and participate in the national awakening of Lithuania. Her first work, "Autumn Evening" (Lithuanian: "Rudens vakaras"), was published in a calendar in 1895. Višinskis and Jonas Jablonskis helped her and edited her works and gave her advice, and thus a talent was awakened.
In 1912, she moved to Vilnius where she worked as administrator and on the editorial staff of several publications. During World War I, she first emigrated to Russia and subsequently to the United States, where her son Antanas had been living for several years. There she gave lectures to various Lithuanian-American organizations, collected funds for the victims of the war, and wrote articles for the local press. In 1921, she returned to Lithuania, and died the same year.
Works.
Žemaitė wrote about peasants in a vernacular that closely resembled the language spoken by them – lively and rich in vocabulary. Her works are usually dark as she depicts poverty, materialism, and arguments within a family. The author paints natural images of everyday life with petty conflicts, lively conversations, impoverished surroundings, and beautiful nature. She does not offer any explanations, theories, or suggestions. Even though born to a gentry family, she did not describe gentry life as it was foreign and unfriendly to her. She wrote the best works in 1896–1898. Among some 150 works, best known are:

</doc>
<doc id="2911533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911533" title="Watertower West">
Watertower West

The Watertower West were an American band, based in New York, who were regular players at the Cafe Wha?, Greenwich Village from 1966 to 1968.
The members were Carl Peachman (drums), Alan Merrill (lead guitar, vocals), Jake Hooker (second guitar), and James "Bucky" Hall (bass, vocals). 
Merrill and Hooker later formed Arrows in London, England. Peachman went on the be an agent for the bands Big Brother and the Holding Company, and Moby Grape.

</doc>
<doc id="2911536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911536" title="Web of the Spider">
Web of the Spider

Web of the Spider () is the title of a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti, using the pseudonym Anthony M. Dawson. This film is also known as "And Comes the Dawn... But Colored Red, Dracula im Schloß des Schreckens, Dracula in the Castle of Blood, E venne l'alba... ma tinto di rosse, Edgar Poe chez les morts vivants, Les Fantômes de Hurlevent, In the Grip of the Spider," and "Le Prisonnier de l'araignée".
Klaus Kinski plays Edgar Allan Poe.
It is a remake of the 1964 film "Castle of Blood", also directed by Margheriti.
Plot.
The film is narrated by a troubled Edgar Allan Poe (Klaus Kinski). It begins with Poe's attempts to confirm a ghost story by examining the ghosts' tombs; however, he doesn't go too far to avoid being haunted and killed. Later, a journalist named Alan Foster (Anthony Franciosa) visits Poe to drive him out of madness, but he is forced to challenge the horror writer on the authenticity of his stories. 
This leads to Foster's accepting a bet from Lord Blackwood to spend the night in a haunted castle on All Soul's Eve. Foster is surprised by ghosts who appear to be half-humans, in very effective and horrifying special effects. Ghosts of the murdered inhabitants appear to him throughout the night, re-enacting the events that led to their respective deaths and driving Foster to madness. He meets the following ghosts: Elisabeth Blackwood (Michèle Mercier) who falls in love with Foster; the annoying and easy-to-hate Julia (Karin Field); the rough criminal William Perkins (Silvano Tranquilli); and the most despicable one of all, Dr. Carmus (Peter Carsten). Near the end of the film, the ghosts reveal their true nature: they aren't actually ghosts but vampires with ghostly powers, and they need Foster's blood in order to maintain their existence. Because she loves him, Elisabeth tries to save Foster by aiding his escape. He succeeds in escaping the castle, but not the garden... Distracted and careless, he pushes the door so hard that he is smashed between the two gates and is sliced to death by razors on the main gate. But at least he isn't transformed into a vampire.

</doc>
<doc id="2911538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911538" title="Giovanni Battista Landolina">
Giovanni Battista Landolina

Giovanni Battista Landolina, "Marchese di S. Alfano", was a Sicilian landowner and intellectual instrumental in having the city of Noto removed from its former site on Mount Alveria to a more level location following the earthquake in 1693 centred on the Val di Noto. He is commemorated by a piazza in the city named in his honour. 
Ultimate responsibility for the re-building of Sicily at this time was however in the hands of the Spanish viceroy, Duke of Camastra; but Landolina successfully argued his case for the rebuilding to be some 10 km. from the former site. He is credited with having designed the city with the help of three local architects. It is based on three parallel streets, interconnected by a series of narrower streets at right angles, thus producing a grid pattern, providing vistas to the three piazzas, each with their own church, the largest having a cathedral. Landolina's town planning philosophy was based on the Baroque system, in which the town was divided according to social rank and position, the aristocracy were given the highest sites, the church the town centre, to reflect their position at the centre of one's life, and the poor the periphery of the town where no-one else wanted to live. Later the architects Giovanni Battista Vaccarini, and Rosario Gagliardi designed many buildings in the city.
Landolina rule was broken in 1730 when his son Francesco Landolina, Marchese di S. Alfano, built his new house the "Palazzo Landolina", in the town centre next to the new cathedral. Today, Noto is a great tourist attraction owing to the many examples of Sicilian Baroque built during Landolina's time as town planner.

</doc>
<doc id="2911549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911549" title="Cranfield Airport">
Cranfield Airport

Cranfield Airport is an airfield just outside the village of Cranfield, south-west of Bedford in Bedfordshire, England. It was originally a World War II aerodrome, RAF Cranfield.
Cranfield Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P803) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee (Cranfield University) situated next to the site.
In addition to University flights, Cranfield is home to the Met Office research aircraft Facility for Airborne Atmospheric Measurements.
Cranfield is also home to the privately owned English Electric Lightning T5 "XS458" which conducts regular demonstration fast taxi and ground runs at selected weekends during the summer months.
The aerodrome is also used by fixed-wing and helicopter flight training organisations. Increasingly, general aviation, small business aircraft and private jets make use of the facilities. The airfield is from the M1 motorway and the city of Milton Keynes, making it the nearest to the town. 
Although the length of the runway means that Cranfield can handle small to medium sized airliners, remaining infrastructure is not suitable for scheduled passenger flights.
Navigation facilities for pilots include 
RAF Cranfield.
It was built on of farmland acquired by the Air Ministry in 1935 as Britain re-armed to face the growing threats on the continent. It was formally opened on 1 June 1937 and initially became the base for No. 62 Squadron RAF and No. 82 Squadron RAF of No. 1 (Bomber) Group, flying the already obsolescent Hawker Hind biplanes.
Both squadrons converted to Blenheim 1s in 1938. 62 Squadron was moved to Singapore in August 1939 where it was destroyed by the invading Japanese. RAF Cranfield's grass airstrip was replaced with three hardened runways in the winter of 1939 and spring of 1940 and became a target for enemy action in the late summer of that year, with mines, bombs and incendiaries dropped on it and the nearby village of Cranfield.
Aircraftsman Vivian Hollowday, serving at the airfield, won the George Cross for the attempted rescue of two crews which crashed there in July and August 1940.
August 1941 saw the fast developing station become a night fighter training centre with the arrival of No. 51 Night fighter Operational Training Unit. This was disbanded after the end of the war in Europe in June 1945 and the airfield became the site for a new College of Aeronautics. This college helped develop the highly successful Harrier Jump Jet and has serviced the Hurricanes and Spitfires of the Battle of Britain Memorial Flight. The UK's sole remaining airworthy Avro Lancaster was based at Cranfield until 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="2911551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911551" title="Luther College (Victoria)">
Luther College (Victoria)

Luther College is a co-educational independent secondary school of the Lutheran Church of Australia located in the outer-eastern suburb of Croydon in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It maintains a close relationship with the Outer Eastern Lutheran Church parish of the Lutheran Church of Australia, which congregates in the school's chapel facilities. It provides education for years 7-12. Some year 10 and all year 11 and 12 students undertake the VCE program.
History.
Opened in 1964, Luther College is a school of the Lutheran Church of Australia, named for the father of the Lutheran Church, Dr. Martin Luther, a 16th-century German theologian.
Beginning as a boarding school with students from remote regional areas of Victoria making up a large percentage of its enrolment, the school grew to become popular with International students. However after a decline in International enrolments and worries about the growth of the student body in relation to the school's facilities, the boarding program ended at the end of 2002, with the boarding house facilities being demolished or adapted into classrooms.
The school now admits small numbers of students from remote areas who take part in a home-stay program, residing with the families of local students.
Campus.
The campus has altered considerably since the school's opening in 1964.
Several houses originally owned by the College and formerly lived in by its chaplains, boarding students and boarding-house supervisors have been converted into office blocks, including what is now the school's Ministry Centre.
The school's facilities also comprise one football oval, and two soccer/hockey pitches, three basketball courts and four tennis courts which can be converted into a half-sized hockey court, and often doubles as a soccer field during lunchtimes. There is also two full size basketball courts in the gymnasium as well as a gym for students to use at lunchtime from Year 10 onwards.
In 2010, the new middle school building was opened. The building consists of state-of-the art facilities, including over 25 classrooms. Students in years 7-9 use these classrooms.
Religious education.
As a school of the Lutheran Church of Australia, Luther College students participate in mandatory religious education classes in years 7-12.
All students from all year levels attend a chapel service in the school's chapel four days out of the week. On Wednesday, students participate in a devotion in their homegroup classes.
The school's campus contains a special Ministry Centre which contains the offices of the school's two chaplains as well as the school counsellor. Students can go to the Ministry Centre at any time of the day to seek advice or counselling.
IT program.
Luther College is a notebook computer school. The notebook program was commenced in 1995, with a pilot class of 30 Year 10 students. At the end of the year, the school council voted to commence the notebook program for all year 10 students, commencing from 1996 onwards. More recently, the program was extended to year 9 students.
School houses.
There are four houses operating within the school. These are further divided into form classes, also known as home groups, which hold meetings every morning to distribute news and information. They include 5-8 students from every year level. Cheong won the 2008 overall house cup, after a 27-year drought. The four houses are:
The four houses compete annually for a school trophy. The events in which the houses compete are:
All of the above events are considered voluntary, with the exception of the cross-country which is mandatory for all students, and house sports which are mandatory for all students.
Involvement with Good Shepherd Lutheran Primary School.
Both Luther College and The Good Shepherd Lutheran Primary School are private schools, as well as schools of the Lutheran Church of Australia. Both their campuses are located in Croydon, separated by two sporting ovals.
The schools share many of their facilities, including the sporting ovals, as well as the Luther College chapel which is used by the primary school for special occasions. The schools have very similar uniforms, and until 2004 their physical education uniforms were almost identical. 
As many as 80% of Good Shepherd students attend Luther College after the completion of year 6, due to the school's close proximity and affordable fees. Due to this, students of the schools share a close relationship. Many Collegiates undertake work experience or voluntary service placements at Good Shepherd, and both schools often present chapel services for each other.
There has been speculation since Good Shepherd's inception that the schools will one day join to become one college that provides education for all students years prep-12, as other private Church schools including Methodist Ladies' College and Yarra Valley Grammar have successfully done, but there has been no official acknowledgement of this proposal from either school at any time.
Extra-curricular activities.
The following are extra-curricular activities and are options to all students:
Music.
The following music ensembles are optional providing the required level of skill is demonstrated
Athletics.
Luther College prides itself in its strong volleyball program. Students from all year levels participate in both indoor and beach volleyball. In 2008, Luther College sent a senior girls volleyball team to New Zealand to compete in their national schools volleyball competition.
Luther College has a successful history at the EISM interschool cross country. Luther has won it three out of past four times, losing only to Aquinas by a narrow margin on the fourth.
The school also does extremely well in the EISM interschool sports which the years 9 and 11 participate in weekly. These sports include: Soccer, football, tennis, hockey, volleyball, netball, basketball and more.
Musicals.
Every second year Luther College presents a whole school musical. These musicals are open to all year levels. The school is also accompanied by selected students and music staff who make up the band. 
Past Luther musicals include:

</doc>
<doc id="2911554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911554" title="Richard Wilson (footballer)">
Richard Wilson (footballer)

Richard H. Wilson (born 8 May 1956) was a New Zealand association football player, who was a goalkeeper during the country's first successful campaign to qualify for the FIFA World Cup, in 1982. His international career spanned from 1979 to 1984, and he played in the National Soccer League in Australia until 1989. He returned to New Zealand in 1996 and was player-coach of minor-league side Avon United. 
Despite being the only goalkeeper used during the 1982 World Cup qualifying campaign, he was replaced as starting goalkeeper for the finals tournament in Spain by Frank van Hattum. For a considerable time, Wilson held the record for most minutes without conceding a goal by a goalkeeper in any FIFA World Cup qualifying or finals tournament, having not conceded a goal in 921 minutes of football, including matches against Fiji (twice), Chinese Taipei (twice), Indonesia (twice), China (twice) and Australia (once).
His record clean sheet came to a dramatic end during a World Cup home qualifying fixture against Kuwait. Kuwait were controversially awarded a penalty by the Indonesian referee. Wilson spectacularly saved the spot kick only to have a further penalty awarded against New Zealand 10 minutes later. The second penalty found the back of the net bringing to an end Wilson's record. The taking of the second penalty was delayed for some minutes after an irate fan ran onto the field to remonstrate with the referee.

</doc>
<doc id="2911556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911556" title="Andres Oper">
Andres Oper

Andres Oper (born 7 November 1977 in Tallinn) is a retired Estonian footballer. He has set the goalscoring record for the Estonian national team, by scoring 38 goals in 134 matches.
Club career.
Early career.
Oper started his football career in the club FC LSMK/Pantrid Tallinn in 1987. In 1994, Oper played in FC Lelle and FC Flora Tallinn youth teams. In the same year Oper signed with FC Flora Tallinn senior team. He was tracked by Arsenal as a 21-year old, but no deal was ever reached.
Aalborg BK.
Oper was transferred to Danish Superliga club Aalborg BK on 2 July 1999, for $1,000,000. He signed a 5-year contract with Aalborg. He had a successful spell at Aalborg, where he played up front with his national team partner Indrek Zelinski.
Torpedo Moscow.
On 10 July 2003, he signed a 2-year contract with Russian Premier League club FC Torpedo Moscow. Often inconsistent in Russia, Oper was placed on the transfer list by the Moscow club as he suffered injuries from his right foot.
Shanghai Shenhua.
On 19 July 2009, Oper signed a half-year contract with Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua. He made his debut for Shenhua on 2 August in an away game against Jiangsu Sainty. Andres Oper made his last game with Shanghai Shenhua on 12 September against Beijing Guoan, he got injured.
ADO Den Haag.
After an unsuccessful period in China, Oper returned to Eredivisie to play under his old manager from Roda JC, Raymond Atteveld. He signed a half-year deal with an option for another year on 21 January 2010. He made his debut for Den Haag on 13 February in a home game against Willem II. He scored his first goal for ADO Den Haag on April 18, 2010, in a 4–0 win against RKC Waalwijk. He penned a contract extension, however, negotiations over personal terms continued – no agreement was settled and the extension was cancelled. His contract with the club expired in the end of the summer.
AEK Larnaca.
On 9 September 2010, Oper signed a 1-year contract with Cypriot First Division club AEK Larnaca. Oper started his AEK career with a goal on his debut against Ethnikos.
Nea Salamis Famagusta.
In January 2012, Oper joined Cypriot First Division club Nea Salamis Famagusta FC. He scored his first goal for the club on 3 March in a 2–0 win against Enosis Neon Paralimni FC.
International career.
Oper is capped 133 times, scoring 38 goals. At the age of 17, Oper debuted for the Estonia national team in a 1995 Baltic Cup against Latvia. He scored his first goal on 8 June 1997 against Sweden in a FIFA World Cup 1998 qualification. He played his 100th game on 2 September 2006 against Israel. Oper is Estonia's national football team's all-time top scorer.

</doc>
<doc id="2911562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911562" title="Green Youth">
Green Youth

Green Youth may refer to one of the following youth wings of Green political parties:

</doc>
<doc id="2911567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911567" title="Scuderia Toro Rosso">
Scuderia Toro Rosso

Scuderia Toro Rosso, commonly known as Toro Rosso or by its abbreviation STR, is an Italian Formula One racing team. It is one of two F1 teams owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull, the other being Red Bull Racing. It made its racing debut in the 2006 Formula One season, after Paul Stoddart sold his remaining interest in the Minardi team at the end of 2005 to Red Bull's owner, Dietrich Mateschitz, who subsequently struck a 50/50 joint-ownership deal with former F1 driver, Gerhard Berger, before the start of the season. In late November 2008, Red Bull regained total ownership of Toro Rosso after buying back Berger's share of the team.
Scuderia Toro Rosso is the junior/sister team of Red Bull Racing, with the aim of developing the skills of promising drivers for the senior team. Since 2010, the team has competed as a 'true constructor', independent of their sister team.
Vitantonio Liuzzi scored the team's first point in its first season at the 2006 United States Grand Prix. The team's first and only pole position, podium and victory were scored by Sebastian Vettel at the 2008 Italian Grand Prix.
From to , Toro Rosso used Ferrari V8 engines, taking over the contract that their senior team broke from at the end of 2006 to switch engine builders to Renault. Toro Rosso now runs with Renault power as Team Red Bull does. The team principal is Franz Tost, formerly of BMW's motor sport division.
The team's set 2008 driver lineup was Sebastian Vettel, third driver for BMW Sauber in 2006 before switching to a race seat at Toro Rosso midway through the 2007 season, and Sébastien Bourdais, the four-time winner of the Champ Car World Series. Sébastien Buemi took Vettel's seat for the 2009 season when he moved to the Red Bull team, while Bourdais was dropped after the , following a series of poor performances that had only scored him two points. Jaime Alguersuari took over Bourdais' seat at the , and kept the seat for the remaining part of the year. Both Alguersuari and Buemi raced for the team for all of the and seasons. It was announced on 14 December 2011, that Daniel Ricciardo and Jean-Éric Vergne would be the team's drivers for the 2012 season. At the 2013 Italian Grand Prix it was announced that Daniel Riccardo had been chosen to succeed Mark Webber at Red Bull Racing, for 2014 Toro Rosso retained Jean-Éric Vergne but had also signed newcomer Daniil Kvyat, also for 2014 it was announced that Toro Rosso's engine association with Ferrari would be coming to an end and they would be using Renault engines for the season, much like their sister team Red Bull.
Origins.
Minardi had competed in Formula One from 1985 to 2005. Despite having a large fan base, it had been one of the least competitive teams in the sport, due to a relatively restricted budget. Owner Paul Stoddart claimed to have had 41 approaches to buy the team, but preferred to sell it to someone who could 'take it further' than he could and who would maintain it in its traditional base in Italy. Included in the terms of the deal with Red Bull was the clause that the team must keep its headquarters in Faenza, Italy until at least the 2007 season.
Whilst Red Bull have abandoned the Minardi name in line with their own sponsorship and marketing plans, the use of the Italian language in the name is intended to hint at the team's Italian heritage. Red Bull changed the name of the team immediately after taking control of the team on 1 November 2005. It was initially reported as 'Squadra Toro Rosso' ("team Red Bull") but then changed because "squadra" in Italian depicts a 'squad' like a football team, to 'Scuderia Toro Rosso'. "Scuderia" is Italian for a stable reserved for racing horses, and is also commonly applied to Italian motor racing teams. Many Minardi fans were upset by this move, and over 15,000 signed an online petition to keep the Minardi name, but were unsuccessful.
Racing history.
2006.
Vitantonio Liuzzi and Scott Speed were the 2006 race drivers, with Neel Jani filling the test/third driver role. Liuzzi had raced part-time for Red Bull Racing in 2005, while Speed entered F1 following the Red Bull Driver Search in the United States. Jani was the test driver for Sauber Petronas in 2004.
The 2006 chassis was a modified version of the 2005 Red Bull Racing RB1. Some teams felt that this infringed the Concorde Agreement as each team is expected to design their own car. Toro Rosso claim that this design was originally produced during 2004 by Jaguar Racing, Red Bull's predecessor, and that the intellectual rights had belonged to the Ford Motor Company, Jaguar Racing's parent company before passing to Toro Rosso.
The team used Minardi's contracted supply of rev limited and air restricted Cosworth 3.0l V10 engines. This concession had been granted to assist less well funded teams by avoiding the cost of sourcing a new supply of V8 engines as required by the 2006 regulations. The continuation of this arrangement after the Red Bull takeover caused friction with other teams, in particular Super Aguri and Midland who felt that the engine conferred too much of an advantage. They contended that the concession to allow the team use a V10 engine was based on Minardi's poor financial situation, and should not have continued to apply after the team achieved a completely different financial footing.
As the season progressed, the Toro Rossos began to struggle in qualifying as their competitors developed their new V8 engines to rev closer to 20,000 rpm to get more power. To try to balance the playing field Toro Rosso asked for an extra 500 revs for qualifying, however the FIA permitted them 300 revs only.
2007.
For the 2007 season, Toro Rosso began using the Ferrari V8 engine, taking over the contract that their senior team broke from by switching to Renault power.
At the launch of the STR2 on 13 February, Toro Rosso confirmed Liuzzi as a 2007 driver. In testing in Bahrain on 24 February, Scott Speed was confirmed as the team's second driver. Four-time Champ Car champion Sébastien Bourdais was an occasional test driver several times during the season.
The team appointed new technical director Giorgio Ascanelli to replace temporary stand-in Alex Hitzinger on 2 April.
The 2007 season was generally disappointing, with poor reliability and driver errors leading to a low finishing record. Following the European Grand Prix, Speed was dropped under controversial circumstances and was replaced by BMW Sauber development driver Sebastian Vettel who was later confirmed for .
At the Chinese Grand Prix the Toro Rosso scored their best results, with Vettel finishing fourth and Vitantonio Liuzzi sixth, scoring eight points for the team. These were also the drivers' best finishes in Formula One. It was a marked improvement over the preceding Japanese Grand Prix, where Vettel crashed into Mark Webber's Red Bull under safety car conditions while they were running second and third respectively, and Liuzzi lost a potential point after a 25-second penalty for overtaking Adrian Sutil's Spyker for eighth under waved yellow flags dropped him to ninth.
With the 2008 Concorde Agreement outlawing customer cars from onwards, Dietrich Mateschitz put the Toro Rosso team up for sale in March 2008. He aimed to secure a buyer by the end of , while the team continued in its present guise until then.
2008.
Scuderia Toro Rosso's drivers for 2008 were Sebastian Vettel and Sébastien Bourdais. Bourdais earned his first points in F1 with a 7th place finish at the Australian Grand Prix. Vettel scored his first points of the season with a 5th place finish at the Monaco Grand Prix. The team showed steady improvement throughout the season, leading up to a solid performance at the Belgian Grand Prix which saw both cars running in the top six for most of the race, and with Bourdais and Vettel running 3rd and 4th respectively on the final lap until cars on tyres better suited to the extreme wet conditions passed them, demoting Vettel to 5th and Bourdais to 7th. The double points finish moved STR above Honda and level with Williams in the Constructor's Championship.
The team pulled off a massive shock at the wet Italian Grand Prix, with Vettel claiming a first pole position and the first win for himself and the team. This was the first win by a team based in Italy other than Ferrari since the 1957 German Grand Prix, which was won by Juan Manuel Fangio in a Maserati and also the first win for a Ferrari engine in a customer chassis. Vettel beat second-place Heikki Kovalainen by 12 seconds. Vettel was at it again in the next race, the Singapore Grand Prix, Formula One's first ever night race. Vettel qualified 7th and finished the race in 5th, while Bourdais could only manage 12th.
At the next race in Japan, Vettel again showed his class finishing 6th. Bourdais, meanwhile, was doing well, until Felipe Massa, who had been running in 8th tried to overtake Bourdais. Massa had climbed up to 8th place after having dropped down to 13th as a result of his drive-through and his first pit-stop. Just after Bourdais left the pitlane after making his final stop, Massa attempted to pass him and the two cars collided at the first corner. Massa spun, but rejoined the track and eventually finished 8th. Bourdais finished the race in 6th place, but had 25 seconds added to his overall time as penalty for the incident, dropping him down to 10th place. This ultimately had the effect of promoting Massa to 7th place, and giving him an extra championship point. It was a controversial penalty, and Bourdais was adamant that he was not to blame.
Vettel's performances earned him a place at the senior Red Bull team for 2009. However, his final drive for Toro Rosso saw him almost play a crucial role in the world championship decider in Brazil. In mixed conditions, Lewis Hamilton needed 5th place to clinch the championship, and was running in this position when he was overtaken by Vettel with two laps remaining. Unable to keep up, Hamilton dropped back, and only took the title when he and Vettel both overtook Timo Glock on the final lap.
2009.
With Vettel moving to Red Bull Racing replacing the retired David Coulthard, Sébastien Buemi and Sébastien Bourdais led the team's assault in the 2009 World Championship. After the previous year's success, several drivers wanted to drive for Toro Rosso, including Takuma Sato (who even did three tests with the team) and Bruno Senna. Toro Rosso unveiled their new car last of all the teams taking part in the 2009 season, on 9 March 2009. Before the season started, the team's boss Franz Tost said that it would be "difficult" to do as well as they did in the season. On 16 July 2009, the team announced that Sébastien Bourdais' contract was to be terminated with immediate effect due to disappointing results. On 20 July 2009, the team announced that Jaime Alguersuari would replace him as official driver for the rest of the season. Multiple WRC Champion Sébastien Loeb had been quoted in the French sports-paper L'Equipe as being interested in replacing Bourdais. It had been stated that Loeb would not be available to race in F1 until after the end of the WRC season. He would've been available to make his F1 debut at the 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in November. However, this was not to be as the FIA denied him a super licence which is required to drive in Formula One. The season ended with Toro Rosso finishing in tenth and last place in the championship after being overtaken by Force India after their podium finish in Belgium. However Toro Rosso's form picked up towards the end of the season with Sébastien Buemi scoring points in the final two races. However, Jaime Alguersuari failed to score any points in the season.
2010.
Scuderia Toro Rosso confirmed that they would keep Sébastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari, in the hope of achieving better results. On 10 November 2009, Toro Rosso announced that Sébastien Buemi would continue to race for them in 2010. No official announcement of the second driver had been made up to then, however Jaime Alguersuari was reported to take the second race seat, as published on 26 November 2009. On 22 January 2010, the team confirmed the signing of Alguersuari, and he scored the first points of his career by finishing ninth under the new points system at the . He finished tenth in Spain scoring a point thanks to Lewis Hamilton's penultimate lap crash. He also received a drive-through penalty in that race. At the next race in Monaco Buemi finished 11th and Alguersuari 12th, the last two runners at the end of the race. However, when Michael Schumacher received a 20-second penalty for a last turn overtake against Fernando Alonso, Buemi was moved up to tenth, scoring a point.
2011.
Sébastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari have been confirmed as drivers of the team's STR6 for 2011, Daniel Ricciardo will be the team's reserve and test driver, and will also take part in free practice at each of the Grands Prix. The STR6 was launched on 1 February in Valencia, Spain.
At the beginning of the season in Australia, Buemi finished eighth and collected four championship points. The saw no points while China saw both cars in the Top 10 for qualifying, Alguersuari in seventh and Buemi in tenth. However Alguersuari turned out to be the race's only retirement and Buemi finished way down the field. Turkey saw Buemi finishing ninth while Spain was another bad race for the team with Alguersuari again failing to score. Monaco saw Buemi in the points in tenth, ahead of Nico Rosberg whilst Alguersuari crashed out along with Vitaly Petrov in an incident that brought out the red flag to the race. In Canada, Alguersuari finished eighth, helped out by the retirements of Adrian Sutil, Nick Heidfeld and Paul di Resta. Buemi also finished in tenth for the team's first double score since the 2009 Australian Grand Prix when Buemi was seventh ahead of Sébastien Bourdais.
In the , Alguersuari scored a point with a tenth place finish while Buemi collided with di Resta, which forced his retirement from the race. Neither driver finished in the points in Germany, but both drivers picked up points in Hungary; Buemi came from 23rd on the grid to finish eighth while Alguersuari added another point to his tally with tenth place. At the , Alguersuari qualified sixth, but retired on the first lap after contact with Bruno Senna. Buemi also retired after contact with Sergio Pérez. Both drivers picked up points at Monza, with Alguersuari a career-best seventh and Buemi tenth. In Singapore, Buemi finished 12th and Alguersuari was classified 21st after crashing in the closing stages.
At the , Alguersuari finished in fifteenth position, while Buemi retired with a loose tyre. The saw the team qualify in eleventh and thirteenth places. Due to their car's high straight-line speed, Buemi picked up points with ninth, while Alguersuari overtook Rosberg's Mercedes on the final lap to take the team's best race result in 2011, of seventh place. Alguersuari added an eighth place in India, while Buemi retired. In Abu Dhabi, Alguersuari again finished down in fifteenth; meanwhile Buemi had his third retirement in four races. Both drivers finished outside the points at the season-ending in eleventh and twelfth places.
2012.
On 14 December 2011, it was announced that Daniel Ricciardo and Jean-Éric Vergne would drive for the team in 2012, replacing Sébastien Buemi and Jaime Alguersuari. Team principal Franz Tost later stated that the team had the make-up of a "rookie training school", with the prospect of bringing new talent to the team. After scoring points in the opening two rounds, Toro Rosso could not manage to maintain that pace and failed to finish in the points until the 12th race of the season, the Belgian Grand Prix.
On 6 September 2012, it was announced that James Key had joined the team as Technical Director, replacing Giorgio Ascanelli.
Despite some better results in the final races, Toro Rosso suffered a poor season which saw the team finish in ninth place in the Constructors' Championship, only ahead of Caterham, Marussia and HRT.
2013.
On 31 October 2012, it was confirmed that Toro Rosso would retain its 2012 season drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Jean-Éric Vergne for the 2013 season.
The team did not make the start they wanted at the after Vergne finished 12th and Ricciardo retired due to an exhaust problem. However at the , Vergne managed to score the team's first point of the season with a respectable 10th place, Ricciardo however while classified 18th still retired due to another exhaust problem. At the however, Ricciardo's fortunes turned around as he managed to finish in a career best 7th place while Vergne could only finish 12th. At the , Vergne suffered a puncture and had to retire from the race and Riccardo finished 16th and ultimately a lap down. In Spain, Riccardo managed to score another point via a 10th place but still a lap down while Vergne collided and ultimately had to retire from the race. In Monaco however fortunes turned around for Vergne as he managed to finish an impressive 8th and score 4 points while Riccardo like his teammate in Spain unfortunately suffered a collision and had to retire from the race.
The saw the team take their best qualifying result since the 2011 Chinese Grand Prix, with Vergne qualifying seventh and Ricciardo tenth on the grid in wet conditions. Vergne finished the race in sixth place picking up 8 points, Toro Rosso's best result since the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix.
Red Bull driver Mark Webber announced he was to retire from Formula One at the end of the season, leaving a vacant seat at Toro Rosso's sister team. Both drivers were in the hunt for a drive with the best team in Formula One. At the next race in Britain, Daniel Ricciardo showed his talent with a brilliant 5th place on the grid which he converted into an 8th place finish in the race. Vergne retired after suffering a puncture 35 laps in while running in the points. Ricciardo continued his form into Germany where he qualified 6th with team-mate Vergne struggling in 16th. Ricciardo just missed out on points in 12th while Vergne retired on lap 22.
In Hungary both cars were out of the points and in qualifying for the 2013 Belgian Grand Prix both car went out in Q1, starting 18th and 19th: the team's worst qualifying performance of the year. However Ricciardo bounced back to take 10th and looked set for a move to Red Bull in 2014. Vergne came 12th for the second race in a row.
Before the following race in Italy it was announced that Ricciardo would replace Webber at Red Bull for the 2014 Formula One season. Ricciardo impressed his future employers with a strong 7th position in qualifying while team-mate Vergne started 10th with a mistake in Q3 ruining his chancing of improving on his previous time. In the race Ricciardo picked up more points with 7th to take 13th place in the Drivers' Championship from Vergne who retired on lap 14.
2014.
During the 2013 Monaco Grand Prix weekend it was announced Toro Rosso had signed a long-term agreement with Renault to use their engines from 2014. On 21 October 2013, it was announced that Jean-Éric Vergne would remain with the team for a third successive season, and will be partnered by Daniil Kvyat, who was a race-winner in the GP3 Series and the FIA European Formula 3 Championship in 2013.
The team made an impressive start at the with Vergne qualifying 6th, Toro Rosso's best qualifying result since the 2013 British Grand Prix and Kvyat qualifying 8th. The drivers finished the race 8th and 9th respectfully to score Toro Rosso's first points of the season, as a result of this Kvyat had broken Sebastian Vettel's record as the youngest points scorer in Formula One history. At the Vergne qualified 9th while Kvyat qualified 11th, the race was going well for them until unfortunately on lap 18 Vergne suffered a power unit failure in his car which has been a common occurrence in Renault powered cars so far this season meanwhile Kvyat finished 10th and scored 1 point but was ultimately a lap down from the race winner,
Sponsorship.
Sports sponsorship is a major part of Red Bull's marketing strategy, and Scuderia Toro Rosso is not the first sports team to be bought and completely re-branded: it has done the same for Red Bull Racing (formerly Jaguar Racing), the Austrian football club Red Bull Salzburg (formerly "SV Austria Salzburg"), Austrian Ice Hockey team Red Bull Salzburg EC and MLS' Red Bull New York (previously "Metrostars").
Other current sponsors and suppliers include Hangar-7, Volkswagen, Siemens, Sapinda Advanti Racing (wheel), USAG-Facom, Magneti Marelli, Hexagon Metrology and Nova Chemicals.
On 6 September 2011, the week before the , the team confirmed that they had received a sizeable investment from Spanish petroleum group Cepsa.
Complete Formula One results.
† The driver did not finish the Grand Prix, but was classified as he completed over 90% of the race distance.
The beginning of the 2010 season saw the introduction of a new points system in F1.

</doc>
<doc id="2911573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911573" title="Frank van Hattum">
Frank van Hattum

Francesco (Frank) van Hattum (born 17 November 1958 in New Plymouth) is a former New Zealand football player who was a goalkeeper during the country's first World Cup finals tournament in 1982. His international career started in 1980, and he played a total of 41 times for his country including unofficial matches.
Career.
Van Hattum made his official All Whites debut in a 2–0 win over Fiji on 21 February 1980 and ended his international playing career with 28 A-international caps to his credit, his final cap an appearance in a 1–2 loss to Australia on 2 November 1986.
Controversially, van Hattum replaced Richard Wilson as goalkeeper for all three games at the finals tournament in Spain despite Wilson's having played in all fifteen of New Zealand's qualifying matches.
Van Hattum was rated 2nd behind Mark Bosnich of Australia in the Oceania Goalkeeper of the Century category in International Federation of Football History and Statistics' Century Elections.
Serving as a director on the New Zealand Football Board, van Hattum stood for re-election at the AGM for an expected board shake-up and was elected Chairman of the seven person board on 25 June 2008.
Family.
The son of a noted goalkeeper coach Frits van Hattum, Frank comes from a sporting family with two of his sisters, Marie-Jose Griffith (prev. Marie-Jose Cooper/ née van Hattum) and Grazia MacIntosh (née van Hattum), have also represented New Zealand with the New Zealand women's national football team, the "Football Ferns". His youngest sister, Stella Pennell (prev. Stella Lenihan/ née van Hattum) represented New Zealand with the New Zealand Karate Federation – first as competitor, then as Women's coach.
Honours.
Club.
Manurewa

</doc>
<doc id="2911593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911593" title="Steve Wooddin">
Steve Wooddin

Steven "Steve" Wooddin (born 16 January 1955 in England) is a former New Zealand association football player who was a leading Striker during the country's successful campaign to qualify for the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain. He was a left-footed attacking player.
Club career.
Born in Birkenhead England, Wooddin started his club career at Tranmere Rovers in Birkenhead, where he made first team appearances before moving to New Zealand in 1977, joining Dunedin City. In 1981 he moved to Australia, playing three years for South Melbourne FC in the NSL, before returning to his adopted country with Christchurch United until his career was cut short by a recurring ankle injury in 1984. A Belgian First Division team had wanted to sign Wooddin after his capable performances at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain, but already hampered by injury, he failed the medical.
International career.
Wooddin was first selected for the New Zealand national football team the "All Whites" for a 16 May 1980, 1–1 draw against a Southern Region team in Christchurch. He retained his place in the team which lost 2–1 to a Central Region selection two days later in Wellington.
Despite the unconvincing results, Wooddin was selected for the next match, in August, against Mexico in Auckland. He scored the fourth goal in a 4–0 win that remains one of the most outstanding and unexpected results in New Zealand's international football history.
The following year saw New Zealand begin the long road to the 1982 FIFA World Cup. Wooddin was selected for all fifteen games in the ultimately successful campaign, scoring eight goals in the process, including trademark left foot shots into the bottom corner both home and away against Australia, against Kuwait in the controversial 1–2 home loss, and in Riyadh against Saudi Arabia when the team recorded a stunning 5–0 victory. This last result led to a play-off against China in Singapore in January 1982, in which Wooddin again scored with a left-foot shot to open the scoring in his side's 2–1 win.
Wooddin was one of New Zealand's only two scorers in the 1982 World Cup (along with Steve Sumner), scoring the second New Zealand goal in a 5–2 loss to Scotland. He also started the subsequent matches against the Soviet Union and Brazil.
In 1983 injuries reduced Wooddin to just two international appearances, against Australia and Fiji. He made his last two appearances for the All Whites against Fiji in October 1984, scoring the winner in the first of these matches, before being forced to retire due to injured ankle ligaments with 24 A-internationals and 11 goals to his credit.

</doc>
<doc id="2911596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911596" title="Du'aine Ladejo">
Du'aine Ladejo

Du'aine Ladejo (born 14 February 1971, in Paddington, London, England) is an English-born athlete and television personality. In his sports career, he was best known for winning the 400 metres sprint gold medal at the 1994 European Championships and being a member of the United Kingdom and England 400 metre relay squads at the European Championships, Olympics and Commonwealth Games during the 1990s.
Since retiring from athletics, he has appeared on several television shows including "Gladiators", where he is known by his Gladiator alias "Predator". Ladejo is also the founder of Du'aine's Fit4Schools, an organisation which raises funds to promote health and fitness in schools.
Athletics career.
At the 1994 European Championships, Ladejo won gold medals in both the 400 metres and the 4x400 metres relay. He won the individual sprint in 45.09 seconds, beating his compatriot and defending-champion Roger Black into second place. Ladejo also won the 400 metres gold medal at the European Indoor Championships in both 1994 and 1996. At the 1994 Commonwealth Games, he won a 400 metres silver medal (finishing runner-up to Kenya's Charles Gitonga) and a 4x400 metres relay gold medal. At the Olympic Games, Ladejo won two medals in the 4x400 metres relay – a silver medal in 1996 and a bronze medal in 1992.
Following the 1996 Olympics, Ladejo switched his focus to other athletics events, though he never enjoyed as much success as he did in the 400 metres. He tried his hand at the Decathlon, in which he finished seventh at the 1998 Commonwealth Games, and also competed in the 400 metre hurdles.
During his athletics career, Ladejo trained with Birchfield Harriers.
Media career.
For a period during his athletics career, Ladejo also presented a TV show, "Du'aine's World", on London Weekend Television. In the early 2000s, Ladejo competed in the BBC TV sports show "Superstars", winning the competition in 2004 and finishing runner-up to Alain Baxter in 2005. Ladejo also appeared on the ITV reality TV show "Celebrity Love Island" in 2005.
In 2007 Ladejo and Adam Hollioake formed Quiet Storm Productions, which owned the television show "Australia's Greatest Athlete". In 2008, Ladejo joined the Sky One revival of the TV show "Gladiators", competing under the Gladiator alias "Predator".
Education.
Ladejo started his education at Forest Grange School in West Sussex, before going on to King Edward's School, Witley. He completed his high school education in the United States at Medina High School in Medina, Ohio, where he graduated in 1988. He then went on to study radio, television and film at the University of Texas, graduating in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="2911599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911599" title="Lysandra">
Lysandra

Lysandra (Greek: Λυσάνδρα, meaning "Liberator, Emancipator"; lived 3rd century BC) was a daughter of Ptolemy I Soter and Eurydice, a daughter of Antipater.
She was married first to her maternal cousin Alexander, one of the sons of Cassander, King of Macedonia. After Alexander’s death, Lysandra married her other maternal cousin Agathocles, the son of Lysimachus and Nicaea of Macedon. By this second marriage (which took place, according to Pausanias, after the return of Lysimachus from his expedition against the Getae, 291 BC) she had several children, with whom and with Agathocles' paternal half-brother Alexander she fled to Asia after the murder of her husband by Lysimachus, at the instigation of Agathocles’ stepmother Arsinoe II, and besought assistance from Seleucus I Nicator. The latter in consequence marched against Lysimachus, who was defeated and slain in the battle of Corupedium, 281 BC. From an expression of Pausanias, it appears that Lysandra must at this time have accompanied Seleucus I, and was possessed of much influence, but in the confusion that followed the death of Seleucus I a few months after there is no further record either of her or her children.

</doc>
<doc id="2911603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911603" title="Barkeria">
Barkeria

Barkeria, abbreviated Bark in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids. It consists of about 17 currently recognized (May 2014) species native to Mexico and Central America. This genus was once considered part of "Epidendrum". Type species is "Barkeria elegans"; this is now considered a synonym of "B. uniflora" yet retains its status as type per ICN.
These are deciduous orchids, which drop their leaves in early winter. They are found in dry scrub areas of Mesoamerica at intermediate elevations.
Species.
Following species are accepted as of May 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="2911607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911607" title="Brian Turner (New Zealand footballer)">
Brian Turner (New Zealand footballer)

Brian Alfred Turner (born 31 July 1949 in England), was a New Zealand football player, who was a prominent squad member during the country's first successful campaign to qualify for the World Cup, in 1982.
Clubs Coached.
Wellington Phoenix FC,
Auckland Manukau United,
Onehunga Sports 
Fencibles AFC 2013
Club career.
Turner was born in England and moved to New Zealand at an early age. He began his senior playing career in New Zealand with Ponsonby and Eden before returning to England in 1968 where he joined Chelsea FC for a season, but failed to make a 1st team appearance. He then moved to Portsmouth FC for a short stint and ultimately to Brentford FC where he spent 2 and a half seasons. Turner returned to New Zealand in 1972 where he spent 8 seasons with Mt Wellington. In 1981 Turner moved to Australia, playing first with Blacktown City then Wollongong Wolves before once again returning to his adopted country to play for Gisborne City, Papatoetoe and Mt Wellington again.
International career.
He made his A-International debut in a 3-5 loss against trans-Tasman rival Australia on 5 November 1967 and went on to earn 59 A-international caps in which he scored a credible 21 goals. His international career spanned a then national record 102 appearances in the All White strip including unofficial matches.
Turner was an integral member of the New Zealand side that qualified for the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain, playing in all but 3 qualifying matches. However, his only appearance at the finals was as a late substitute in the 0-4 loss to Brazil. It was to be his last game for his adopted country, Turner announcing his international retirement after their elimination following group stage losses against Scotland, USSR and Brazil.
Turner continued to play domestically in New Zealand through his thirties before continuing his football involvement in coaching roles. Brian's achievements earned him three Player of the Year titles, and in 1995 he was inducted into the New Zealand Soccer Hall of Fame
Honours.
Club.
Mt Wellington

</doc>
<doc id="2911611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911611" title="Streetcarver">
Streetcarver

The BMW Street Carver (styled StreetCarver) was a skateboard created by BMW. It had an extremely stiff wood and fiberglass deck and a unique suspension system derived from parts from a BMW 5 Series car and was designed by DesignworksUSA. The Street Carver was produced from mid-2001 to 2004. Its original retail price was $495. 
The Street Carver was notable for the striking appearance and its steering mechanism that gave it the ability to carve like a snowboard or surfboard. The Street Carver employed large, 110mm curved wheels, which were required because the axles roll in relation to the ground (i.e. change camber) as the board is turned (as opposed to traditional skateboarding axles, which remain parallel to the ground as the board is turned).
The Street Carver is a very smooth carving board at both low and high speeds. Due to its unique steering mechanism, the turning characteristics of the board are determined by the geometry of the swing lever arms, and cannot be modified (in contrast to the ability to adjust the bushings or kingpin on standard skateboard trucks).
Board dimensions: L 33.5" x W 11" x H 6.3" (L 85.09cm x W 27.94cm x H 16cm)

</doc>
<doc id="2911613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911613" title="Song Qiang">
Song Qiang

Song Qiang is a co-author of "China Can Say No" and "The Way Out For China: Under the Shadow of Globalization". He keeps a Chinese language blog, 开花の身体, in which he intersperses musings on the culinary arts with nationalist-themed rhetoric.

</doc>
<doc id="2911625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911625" title="Grace Crowley">
Grace Crowley

Grace Crowley (pr: as in "slowly") (28 May 1890 – 21 April 1979) was an Australian artist and modernist painter.
Early life.
She was born Grace Adela Williams Crowley on 28 May 1890 at Forrest Lodge, Cobbadah, in North-Western New South Wales. She was the fourth child of Henry, a grazier, and Elizabeth (née Bridger). At about the age of 13 Crowley's parents sent one of her pen and ink drawings to "New Idea" magazine and she won a prize, but her career as an artist was not wholeheartedly supported, sometimes even actively opposed, by her family.
Career.
Crowley studied in Paris in 1927 with the Cubist André Lhote, and took part in "Exhibition I" in 1939, the self-proclaimed first show of abstract art in Australia. Others in her circle included Ralph Balsom, Dorrit Black, Rah Fizelle, Frank Hinder and her best friend, ceramicist Anne Dangar. 
"The Artist and his model"[http://www.artgallery.nsw.gov.au/work/61.1975/]
The subject of Crowley's painting is fellow artist Ralph Balson, painting an elegantly posed model on the roof terrace of Crowley's studio in George Street, Sydney. Revealing a disintegration of figurative forms and division of the pictorial space into decorative areas, this work signalled a growing commitment, shared by both artists, towards complete abstraction. In 1939 Crowley and Balson participated in the important Exhibition I at David Jones Art Gallery, Sydney which summarised the concerns of local painters of the 1930s, then moving towards geometric abstraction.
With other participating artists including Rah Fizelle, Frank Hinder and Eleonore Lange, Balson and Crowley came together in the 1930s as leaders of the second phase of the modern movement in Australian art, developing the earlier ideas of Roland Wakelin, Roy de Maistre and others at the beginning of World War I.
During a period of study in Europe, Crowley was influenced particularly by her studies with French Cubist painter André Lhote whose teaching emphasised the importance of subsuming colour to geometric structure. The Crowley-Fizelle school, subsequently established with Rah Fizelle to teach the principles and practice of modern art according to these constructionist, cubist-inspired principles, became the principle centre for modernist painting in Sydney until its closure in 1937.
There was an exhibition of her work at the National Gallery of Australia in December 2006 to May 2007 called "Grace Crowley - Being modern".
Death.
Crowley died at her home in Manly, New South Wales on 21 April 1979 aged 89. She left a body of work comprising 25 paintings and 12 drawings.

</doc>
<doc id="2911627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911627" title="Robert Armstrong (actor)">
Robert Armstrong (actor)

Robert Armstrong (November 20, 1890 – April 20, 1973) was an American film actor best remembered for his role as Carl Denham in the 1933 version of "King Kong" by RKO Pictures. He uttered the famous exit quote, "'Twas beauty killed the beast," at the film's end. Months later, he starred as Carl Denham again in the sequel, "Son of Kong", released the same year. Sixteen years later, in 1949, Armstrong played a similar role as showman Max O'Hara in another giant ape movie, "Mighty Joe Young".
In the 1950s, Armstrong appeared as Sheriff Andy Anderson on Rod Cameron's syndicated western-themed television series, "State Trooper". Cameron played the role of Rod Blake, chief investigator for the Nevada Department of Public Safety. Armstrong made four guest appearances on "Perry Mason" during its nine-year run on CBS: in 1961 he played the title character and murder victim Capt. Bancroft in "The Case of the Malicious Mariner;" in 1962 he played defendant Jimmy West in "The Case of the Playboy Pugilist;" and in 1964 he played murderer Phil Jenks in "The Case of the Accousted Accountant."
Biography.
Born Robert William Armstrong in Saginaw, Michigan, lived in Bay City, Michigan until about 1902 and moved to Seattle, Washington. Armstrong studied to be a lawyer but gave it up to manage his uncle's touring companies. He attended the University of Washington where he became a member of Delta Tau Delta International Fraternity. In his spare time he wrote plays, which eventually led to him appearing in one of them when it was produced. He served in WWI, and upon his return home after the war, Armstrong discovered his uncle had died while he was away. In 1926 he went to London and appeared for a season on the British stage. Armstrong's silver screen career began in 1928 when he appeared in Pathé's silent drama "The Main Event".
Armstrong resembled "King Kong" producer and adventurer Merian C. Cooper, and Cooper used him in several films as more or less a version of himself (they coincidentally died sixteen hours apart). In 1937 Armstrong starred in "With Words and Music" (also referred to as "The Girl Said No") released by Grand National Films Inc. He also worked throughout the 1930s and 1940s for many film studios. Prior to World War II, in the early 1940s, Universal Pictures released "Enemy Agent", about a plot to thwart the Nazis. In the film, Armstrong co-starred with Helen Vinson, Richard Cromwell and Jack La Rue. Later, in 1942, he played again opposite Cromwell in "Baby Face Morgan," a notable "B" effort for PRC (Producers Releasing Corporation). Later in that decade, Armstrong played another Carl Denham-like leading character role as "Max O'Hara" in 1949's "Mighty Joe Young." This film was yet another stop-motion animation giant gorilla fantasy, made by the same "King Kong" team of Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack; it was remade by Disney in 1998 starring Charlize Theron.
Although "King Kong" in 1933 was the pinnacle of Armstrong's acting career, he nonetheless appeared in 127 films between 1927 and 1964.
Marriages.
Death.
Armstrong died of cancer in Santa Monica, California. He and "King Kong"'s co-producer, Merian C. Cooper, died within sixteen hours of each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2911629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911629" title="Steve Sumner">
Steve Sumner

Steven Paul Sumner (born 2 April 1955) is an English-born, New Zealand football player, who was captain of the national team during the country's first successful campaign to qualify for the World Cup, in 1982.
Club career.
Sumner began his football as an apprentice at Blackpool before moving to New Zealand in 1973 to play for Christchurch United, winning the National League in his first year. Sumner went on to win 6 Chatham Cups and 5 league titles. He is the only player to have won six Chatham Cup winners medals.
International career.
His international career spanned from 1976 to 1988, including a record 105 appearances for New Zealand (beating the record previously held by Brian Turner), 58 of which were A-internationals.
An active and attacking midfielder, Sumner scored a national record six goals during New Zealand's 13–0 defeat of Fiji during the 1982 World Cup qualifying campaign. He was also one of New Zealand's only two scorers in the 1982 World Cup Finals tournament in Spain (along with Steve Wooddin), in New Zealand's 5–2 loss to Scotland. He was the first player of the FIFA Oceania zone to score in a World Cup.
In 1991 he was inducted into the New Zealand Soccer Media Association Hall of Fame and was then awarded FIFA's top award, the FIFA Order of Merit, before the opening of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, along with Johan Cruyff and former South African president Thabo Mbeki.
Recently.
Since retiring Sumner has maintained his involvement in football, being employed by TVNZ as a media personality. More significantly he also sits on the Executive Board of the Wellington Phoenix bringing much needed professional playing experience to the table.
Honours.
Club.
Christchurch United
Manurewa
Gisborne City

</doc>
<doc id="2911630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911630" title="John Peters (chess player)">
John Peters (chess player)

John Peters (born 1951) is an American International Master of chess. He is the chess columnist for the Los Angeles Times. 
As of May 2011, his FIDE rating is 2370.

</doc>
<doc id="2911640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911640" title="Ernest B. Schoedsack">
Ernest B. Schoedsack

Ernest Beaumont Schoedsack (June 8, 1893 – December 23, 1979) was an American motion picture cinematographer, producer, and director.
Born in Council Bluffs, Iowa, Schoedsack is probably best remembered for being the co-director of the 1933 film, "King Kong".
His eyesight was severely damaged in World War II, yet he continued to direct films afterwards. He directed "Mighty Joe Young" at RKO in 1949, which was a reunion film of the main King Kong creative team (Cooper and Rose).
He married screenwriter Ruth Rose. They are interred together at Westwood Village Memorial Park Cemetery in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="2911645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911645" title="HMS Tuscan (R56)">
HMS Tuscan (R56)

HMS "Tuscan" (R56) was a T-class destroyer of the British Royal Navy. She was later converted to a Type 16 fast anti-submarine frigate, with the new pennant number F156.
External links.
Naval-History.net HMS Tuscan

</doc>
<doc id="2911646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911646" title="Pownoll Pellew, 2nd Viscount Exmouth">
Pownoll Pellew, 2nd Viscount Exmouth

Pownoll Bastard Pellew, 2nd Viscount Exmouth (1 July 1786 – 3 December 1833) was an English peer and officer of the Royal Navy. He was the eldest son of Edward Pellew, 1st Viscount Exmouth. Like his father, and his younger brother Fleetwood Pellew, he served in the Royal Navy and attained the rank of Post Captain in 1806. He did not achieve great success in the Navy despite the influence of his father.
Pellew first served as a midshipman in 1798 under his father, Sir Edward Pellew, in the 74-gun ship of the line "Impétueux". He was described at this time by his father as "clever and quick, but idle and unmanageable." This was just after the Spithead and Nore mutinies and the ship's company was still restive. A mutiny was put down and the participants were court martialled and hanged at the yard arm or flogged round the fleet in Port Mahon.
Pellew was made a lieutenant well before he had served the mandatory seven years at sea as Sir Edward had considerable influence with the authorities. Favours in parliament ensured Sir Edward's promotion to Admiral, and Pownoll's promotion to commander at the very early age of seventeen. His first command was the 18-gun in the West Indies under Admiral Dacres. Unfortunately "Fly" was lost on a reef in 1805, though the crew were saved. Pellew underwent the mandatory court martial for the loss of his ship and was found not guilty of negligence. He rejoined his father now at Madras. Admiral Pellew was by this time Commander in Chief of the Navy in the East Indies. Pownoll was immediately made acting-captain of the frigate , and was given upon his father promoting him to post-rank in 1806.
Both father and son were becoming wealthy with the prize money to be won in the East Indies and in October 1808, Pownoll married Eliza Harriet Barlow, eldest daughter of Sir George Barlow, 1st Baronet, the Governor of Madras. After his marriage, Pellew returned to England and started building the new family seat of Canonteign in Devon. He did not stay in the Navy but became involved in politics, serving as Member of Parliament for Launceston from 1812 to 1830. His father's friendship with the Duke of Northumberland was important in his gaining the seat.
His father became Lord Exmouth in 1814 and Viscount Exmouth in 1816. When he died in January 1833, Pownoll became the second Viscount Exmouth, a title he enjoyed for just eleven months. He died at age 47 and was succeeded by his eldest son Edward Pellew.

</doc>
<doc id="2911654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911654" title="Data conversion">
Data conversion

Data conversion is the conversion of computer data from one format to another. Throughout a computer environment, data is encoded in a variety of ways. For example, computer hardware is built on the basis of certain standards, which requires that data contains, for example, parity bit checks. Similarly, the operating system is predicated on certain standards for data and file handling. Furthermore, each computer program handles data in a different manner. Whenever any one of these variable is changed, data must be converted in some way before it can be used by a different computer, operating system or program. Even different versions of these elements usually involve different data structures. For example, the changing of bits from one format to another, usually for the purpose of application interoperability or of capability of using new features, is merely a data conversion. Data conversions may as simple as the conversion of a text file from one character encoding system to another; or more complex, such as the conversion of office file formats, or the conversion of image and audio file formats.
There are many ways in which data is converted within the computer environment. This may be seamless, as in the case of upgrading to a newer version of a computer program. Alternatively, the conversion may require processing by the use of a special conversion program, or it may involve a complex process of going through intermediary stages, or involving complex "exporting" and "importing" procedures, which may converting to and from a tab-delimited or comma-separated text file. In some cases, a program may recognize several data file formats at the data input stage and then is also capable of storing the output data in a number of different formats. Such a program may be used to convert a file format. If the source format or target format is not recognized, then at times third program may be available which permits the conversion to an intermediate format, which can then be reformatted using the first program. There are many possible scenarios. 
Information basics.
Before any data conversion is carried out, the user or application programmer should keep a few basics of computing and information theory in mind. These include:
For example, a true color image can easily be converted to grayscale, while the opposite conversion is a painstaking process. Converting a Unix text file to a Microsoft (DOS/Windows) text file involves adding characters, but this does not increase the entropy since it is rule-based; whereas the addition of color information to a grayscale image cannot be done programmatically, since only a human knows which colors are needed for each section of the picture–there are no rules that can be used to automate that process. Converting a 24-bit PNG to a 48-bit one does not add information to it, it only pads existing RGB pixel values with zeroes, so that a pixel with a value of FF C3 56, for example, becomes FF00 C300 5600. The conversion makes it possible to change a pixel to have a value of, for instance, FF80 C340 56A0, but the conversion itself does not do that, only further manipulation of the image can. Converting an image or audio file in a lossy format (like JPEG or Vorbis) to a lossless (like PNG or FLAC) or uncompressed (like BMP or WAV) format only wastes space, since the same image with its loss of original information (the artifacts of lossy compression) becomes the target. A JPEG image can never be restored to the quality of the original lossless image from which it was made, no matter how much the user tries the "JPEG Artifact Removal" feature of his or her image manipulation program.
Automatic restorage of information that was lost through a lossy compression process would probably require important advances in artificial intelligence.
Because of these realities of computing and information theory, data conversion is more often than not a complex and error-prone process that requires the help of experts.
Pivotal conversion.
Data conversion can occur directly from one format to another, but many applications that convert between multiple formats use a pivotal encoding by way of which any source format is converted to its target. For example, it is possible to convert Cyrillic text from KOI8-R to Windows-1251 using a lookup table between the two encodings, but the modern approach is to convert the KOI8-R file to Unicode first and from that to Windows-1251. This is a more manageable approach: an application specializing in character encoding conversion would have to keep hundreds of lookup tables, for all the permutations of character encoding conversions available, while keeping lookup tables just for each character set to Unicode scales down the number to a few tens.
Pivotal conversion is similarly used in other areas. Office applications, when employed to convert between office file formats, use their internal, default file format as a pivot. For example, a word processor may convert an RTF file to a WordPerfect file by converting the RTF to OpenDocument and then that to WordPerfect format. An image conversion program does not convert a PCX image to PNG directly; instead, when loading the PCX image, it decodes it to a simple bitmap format for internal use in memory, and when commanded to convert to PNG, that memory image is converted to the target format. An audio converter that converts from FLAC to AAC decodes the source file to raw PCM data in memory first, and then performs the lossy AAC compression on that memory image to produce the target file.
Lost and inexact data conversion.
The objective of data conversion is to maintain all of the data, and as much of the embedded information as possible. This can only be done if the target format supports the same features and data structures present in the source file. Conversion of a word processing document to a plain text file necessarily involves loss of formatting information, because plain text format does not support word processing constructs such as marking a word as boldface. For this reason, conversion from one format to one which does not support a feature which is important to the user is rarely carried out, though it may be necessary for interoperability, e.g. converting a file from one version of Microsoft Word to an earlier version to enable transfer and use by other users who do not have the same later version of Word installed on their computer.
Loss of information can be mitigated by approximation in the target format. There is no way of converting a character like "ä" to ASCII, since the ASCII standard lacks it, but the information may be retained by approximating the character as "ae". Of course, this is not an optimal solution, and can impact operations like searching and copying; and if a language makes a distinction between "ä" and "ae", then that approximation does involve loss of information.
Data conversion can also suffer from inexactitude, the result of converting between formats that are conceptually different. The WYSIWYG paradigm, extant in word processors and desktop publishing applications, versus the structural-descriptive paradigm, found in SGML, XML and many applications derived therefrom, like HTML and MathML, is one example. Using a WYSIWYG HTML editor conflates the two paradigms, and the result is HTML files with suboptimal, if not nonstandard, code. In the WYSIWYG paradigm a double linebreak signifies a new paragraph, as that is the visual cue for such a construct, but a WYSIWYG HTML editor will usually convert such a sequence to <BR><BR>, which is structurally no new paragraph at all. As another example, converting from PDF to an editable word processor format is a tough chore, because PDF records the textual information like engraving on stone, with each character given a fixed position and linebreaks hard-coded, whereas word processor formats accommodate text reflow. PDF does not know of a word space character—the space between two letters and the space between two words differ only in quantity. Therefore, a title with ample letter-spacing for effect will usually end up with spaces in the word processor file, for example INTRODUCTION with spacing of 1 em as I N T R O D U C T I O N on the word processor.
Open vs. secret specifications.
Successful data conversion requires thorough knowledge of the workings of both source and target formats. In the case where the specification of a format is unknown, reverse engineering will be needed to carry out conversion. Reverse engineering can achieve close approximation of the original specifications, but errors and missing features can still result.
Electronics.
Data format conversion can also occur at the physical layer of an electronic communication system. Conversion between line codes such as NRZ and RZ can be accomplished when necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="2911662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911662" title="Caularthron">
Caularthron

Caularthron Raf. (1837), abbreviated Cau. in the horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids with 4 species. They are epiphytic orchids with specialized hollow pseudobulbs that house ants. The genus is exclusively found in the tropical regions of southern Mexico, Central America, the West Indies, and northern South America.
List of species.
Species accepted as of May 2014:

</doc>
<doc id="2911665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911665" title="Battle of Isonzo (489)">
Battle of Isonzo (489)

The Battle of Isonzo is the name given to the battle fought on August 28, 489 on the banks of the Isontius River, not far away from Aquileia. This river is now known as the Isonzo in Italian, and Soča in Slovene. This battle should not be confused with the 12 battles of Isonzo during World War I.
Theoderic the Great, king of the Ostrogoths, in 489 opened his first campaign against Odoacer to wrest Italy from him. On 28 August, the two armies met on the banks of the Isontius. Theoderic defeated Odoacer, who retreated. A second battle was fought at Verona.

</doc>
<doc id="2911671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911671" title="Elater">
Elater

An elater is a cell (or structure attached to a cell) that is hygroscopic, and therefore will change shape in response to changes in moisture in the environment. Elaters come in a variety of forms, but are always associated with plant spores. In plants that do not have seeds, they function in dispersing the spores to a new location.
Horsetail elaters.
In the horsetails, elaters are four ribbon-like appendages attached to the spores. These appendages develop from an outer spiral layer of the spore wall. At maturity, the four strips peel away from the inner wall, except at a single point on the spore where all four strips are attached.
Under moist conditions, the elaters curl tightly around the spore. The wet spores tend to stick to each other and to nearby surfaces because of surface tension. When conditions are dry, the spores no longer stick to each other and are more easily dispersed. At that time, the elaters uncoil to extend out from the spore and will catch air currents. The fact that they are extended only when conditions are dry means that successful spore dispersal is more likely.
Liverwort elaters.
In the liverworts, elaters are cells that develop in the sporophyte alongside the spores. They are complete cells, usually with helical thickenings at maturity that respond to moisture content.
In most liverworts, the elaters are unattached, but in some leafy species (such as "Frullania") a few elaters will remain attached to the inside of the sporangium (spore capsule).
Hornwort pseudo-elaters.
In the hornworts, elaters are branched clusters of cells that develop in the sporophyte alongside the spores. They are complete cells, usually without helical thickenings (except in the Dendrocerotaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="2911677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911677" title="Judit Mascó">
Judit Mascó

Judit Mascó i Palau () (Barcelona, October 12, 1969) is a Spanish model, television host and writer from Barcelona.
Biography.
Modeling.
Early career.
Mascó grew up in a middle class family, daughter of a headmaster. At age 15, she started her career in the fashion world, while taking piano lessons and attending school. Her breakthrough was at age 13 in a television commercial. She began her studies as a model at the Francina International Modeling Agency's School. She was later signed to the agency and began modeling for print. Her modeling pursuits led her to Japan and Italy mainly.
International career.
Mascó appeared in the 1990 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue as the cover model. She also appeared in the 1991, 1992, 1994, and 1995 editions. This cover launched her worldwide and was quickly hired for various high-profile advertising campaigns, including Max Mara, Laurèl by Escada, Armand Bassi, Betty Barclay, Georges Rech, Mango, Majestic and Palmers Lingerie. She kept been the face of a variety of advertising campaigns including Natura Bissé, El Corte Inglés, Clairol, Lancaster, Trident, Fila, Clarins or Timotei. Mascó is also the only Spanish model (and with Penélope Cruz the only Spaniard woman) who has graced on the cover of US "Vogue". She has been featured in fashion spreads in most major fashion magazines including covers like French, Canadian, American, Spanish, Swedish and Italian "Elle", "Harper's Bazaar", "Cleo", "Woman", "Glamour", "Marie Claire", "Sposabella", "Telva", "Ocean Drive", "New Woman" or "Amica".
Mascó has worked with the most well-known photographers in the fashion industry in the 1990s, such as Hans Feurer, Gilles Bensimon, Ellen Von Unwerth, Bruce Weber, Oliviero Toscani, Steven Meisel, Fabrizio Ferri, Albert Watson or Patrick Demarchelier among others.
As a catwalk model she appeared in shows for major designers as Armani, Dolce & Gabbana, Valentino, Max Mara, Carolina Herrera, Escada, Sportmax, Byblos, Loewe or Anne Klein.
Modeling after 30.
Mascó is regarded as one of the best Spanish models of the 1990s and still appears in print occasionally. She became the exclusive spokesmodel for the cosmetics brand Natura Bissé from 2004 until 2008. At the time she worked for Swarovski among others. In 2009 she signed for Olay.
Acting career.
She played supporting roles in "Después del sueño" (After the Dream) and "El largo invierno" (The Long Winter of '39), two Spanish films from the early 90's and was asked to become a Bond girl and to star in "A Walk in the Clouds" (1995), although due to her busy schedule in fashion she turned down those offers.
Television career.
Mascó's television career began collaborating in the fashion section of TV shows. She made several appearances in Spanish TV series as herself.
In 2006 and 2007, she hosted the reality television show "Supermodelo" in Cuatro TV.
She left the show the one season before it was canceled in 2008. That year she hosted the show "Els 25" (The 25) in TV3 (Catalonia).
Currently, Masco can be seen on television as the hostess of La 2's TV show Actívate.
Awards.
Mascó received the prestigious Elle Woman of the Year Award in 2003 and the Protagonistas Award in 2009 for her activism.
Activism.
Outside of TV, modeling, and writing, Mascó is involved in social change efforts. She is a board member of several international nongovernmental organizations such as the Vicente Ferrer Foundation,the Asociación de Donantes de Riñón Españoles (Association of Spanish Kidney Donors), Amics de la Gent Gran(Friends of the Elderly) and the Caravana Solidaria al África Occidental (West Africa Solidarity Caravan). In addition she is the president of the Festival of Childhood and Youth, held in Barcelona and advisory board member of Oxfam Spain.
In 2000 she traveled to Florida to meet with Spanish citizen Joaquin José Martínez, at the time imprisoned in the death row, to alert the media of an unfair death sentence for two murders he did not commit. Her visit was due to a campaign of pressure from Spain. All the media coverage helped the conviction mistrial by the Florida Supreme Court that accepted to achieve the retrial of Martínez in which he was acquitted of all charges.
Writing.
Mascó has written two books. In 2003, her self-described memoir, "El Libro de Judit Mascó" ("Judit Mascó's book"), was published. In 2009, she released her second book, "Modelo" ("Model") in which she describes her job as a model and intends to guide young girls into this world.
Personal life.
She is married to lawyer Eduardo Vicente, who was a high school classmate of her brother. They have four daughters, one of them an adopted girl from Haiti.

</doc>
<doc id="2911682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911682" title="Gregg Harris">
Gregg Harris

Gregg Eugene Harris (born November 23, 1952, in Dayton, OH) was a figure in the Christian homeschooling movement from 1981 through the mid-1990s and now serves as a teaching elder at Gresham Household of Faith, which serves as an experiment in local church reform. According to the Home School Legal Defense Association, his work helped launch the Christian homeschooling movement in the United States, Canada, Australia and Mexico. Over 180,000 families attended his seminars. His book "The Christian Home School" was a Christian Booksellers Association best seller in March 1988. The list was published by the CBA and is on file in the offices of Noble Institute for Leadership Development.
Gregg's wife, Sono, died on July 4, 2010, after a short battle with cancer. Gregg and Sono's three younger children Sarah, Isaac, and James live in Gresham, Oregon. He is the director of the Noble Institute for Leadership Development, a non-profit educational organization.
Delight-Directed Study.
One of the main ideas promoted by Gregg Harris is the principle of delight-directed study. This is the basis of Harris's homeschool, child training, and church reform activities.
Harris bases this principle on Psalm 111:2, ""Great are the works of the LORD, they are pondered by all who delight in them."" He reasons that because God is good, everything that is necessary for human life is also a source of pleasure. It is when the pleasures of God are separated from the purposes of God for those pleasures that an activity becomes sinful, "God dishonoring", and self-destructive.
Harris interpretes this principle to state that boredom is the absence of learning (or mental hunger) and loneliness the absence of social connectedness (or social hunger). Therefore, education and study, for good or ill, is nurtured best through what he calls the "power of companionship" among "fellow enthusiasts". All of these ideas are laid out in his various seminars and workshops as described on the blog of Noble Institute.
According to his principle, many social ills are actually the negative consequences of delight-directed study among foolish, often age-segregated people, (e.g. drug abuse and gang membership), while many of the greatest human accomplishments are the consequence of delight-directed study among wise, age-integrated fellow enthusiasts (e.g. in science clubs, hobby groups and other affinity groups). Harris argues that this is why academic and hobby clubs are often more effective than classes offered on the same subjects. The social forces in a classroom are often at odds with its very purpose, whereas the social forces in a well-run club are more supportive of excellence in the topic of interest to the club.
The Harris family.
Gregg Harris's seven children have also gained varying levels of fame within the homeschool and wider Christian community.
His oldest son, Joshua Harris, is the author of "I Kissed Dating Goodbye", "", "Sex Is Not the Problem (Lust Is)", and "Stop Dating the Church", the first of which has sold over 1 million copies according to Multnomah Publishers. Joshua now serves as Senior Pastor of Covenant Life Church in Gaithersburg, Maryland.
His twin sons, Alex and Brett Harris (born in 1989), are the hosts of The Rebelution, a Christian teen website and authors of the book "Do Hard Things: A Teenage Rebellion Against Low Expectations".
Controversy.
According to records from the Pierce County Superior Court and the US District Court for the Western District of Washington in Tacoma, Gregg Harris was named in an anti-trust suit by Cheryl Seelhoff, publisher of Gentle Spirit Magazine, in 1995. Seelhoff mentioned Harris in her original complaint of various causes of action including defamation, slander, intentional infliction of emotional distress, intentional interference with commerce, and violation of the Sherman Antitrust Act. Harris' insurance company insisted on settling out of court before legal proceedings began.

</doc>
<doc id="2911683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911683" title="William Elliot Griffis">
William Elliot Griffis

William Elliot Griffis (September 17, 1843 – February 5, 1928) was an American orientalist, Congregational minister, lecturer, and prolific author.
Griffis was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of a sea captain and later a coal trader. During the American Civil War, he served three months in the 44th Pennsylvania Volunteers Regiment after Robert E. Lee invaded Pennsylvania in 1863. After the war, he attended Rutgers University at New Brunswick, New Jersey, graduating in 1869. At Rutgers, Griffis was an English and Latin language tutor for Tarō Kusakabe, a young "samurai" from the province of Echizen (part of modern Fukui).
After a year of travel in Europe, he studied at the seminary of the Reformed Church in America in New Brunswick (known today as the New Brunswick Theological Seminary).
Modernizer in Japan.
In September 1870 Griffis was invited to Japan by Matsudaira Shungaku, for the purpose of organizing schools along modern lines. In 1871, he was Superintendent of Education in the province of Echizen. In recompense, he was provided with a salary of $2,400, a house in Fukui and a horse.
In 1872-74, Griffis taught chemistry and physics at "Kaisei Gakkō" (the forerunner of Tokyo Imperial University). He prepared the "New Japan Series of Reading and Spelling Books," 5 vols. (1872). He also published primers for Japanese students of the English language; and he and contributed to the Japanese press and to newspapers and magazines in the United States numerous papers of importance on Japanese affairs.
Griffis was joined by his sister, Margaret Clark Griffis, who became a teacher at the Tokyo Government Girls' School (later to become the Peeresses' School). By the time they left Japan in 1874, Griffis had befriended many of Japan's future leaders.
Griffis was a member of the Asiatic Society of Japan, the Asiatic Society of Korea, the Historical Society of the Imperial University of Tokyo, and the "Meirokusha".
Education and ministry.
Returning to the United States, Griffis attended Union Theological Seminary; and after finishing his studies in 1877, he was called to the ministry in a series of churches—at the First Reformed Church, Schenectady, New York (1877–1886); at the Shawmut Congregational Church, Boston, Massachusetts (1886–1893); and at the First Congregational Church, Ithaca, New York (1893–1903). Concurrently, at Union College in 1884, he earned a higher degree, Doctor of Divinity (D.D.). Rutgers awarded him an honorary degree, Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) in 1899.
Writing and lectures.
In 1903 he resigned from the active ministry to devote himself exclusively to writing and lecturing. His books on Japan and Japanese culture were complemented with extensive college and university lecture circuit itineraries. In addition to his own books and articles during this period, he also joined Inazo Nitobe in crafting what became his most well-known book, "Bushido: The Soul of Japan".
In 1907, the Japanese government conferred the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette, which represents the fourth highest of eight classes associated with the award.
The prolific writer was also a prolific traveller, making eleven trips to Europe—primarily to visit the Netherlands. In 1898, he was present at the enthronement of Queen Wilhelmina; and he attended the Congress of Diplomatic History. He was among the group of Bostonians who wanted to commemorate the Pilgrims' roots in Holland; and the work was rewarded with the dedication of a memorial at Delfshaven and the placement of five other bronze historical tablets in 1909. He was one of four Americans elected to the Netherlands Society of Letters in Leiden.
In 1923 Griffis published "The Story of the Walloons: At Home in Lands of Exile and in America". In this work he reveals the long history and contributions of these Belgians. The last half of the book relates the story of New Belgium (Nova Belgica) in America, the first settlers of Manhattan being a group of Protestant Walloons who petitioned the Dutch West India Company to be sent to establish a colony in the New World. These Walloons were sent to Manhattan as well as to other smaller locations on the Delaware, Hudson and Connecticut Rivers. They sailed out of Leiden, Netherlands in 1624. Griffis draws parallels to the thoughts of government and freedom of the Walloons and the US Constitution of 1787, and how their ideas made a lasting contribution to this country, though at the time (1923) the Walloons were generally unknown and overshadowed by the Dutch and later, English. This remains true to a great degree even today.
In 1926, Griffis was invited to return to Japan; and on this trip, the Japanese government conferred a second decoration. He was presented with the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon, which represents the third highest of eight classes. A private rail car was provided by the Japanese government, and he visited several cities in the course of this return trip.
Griffis was a founding member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters (later to become the American Academy of Arts and Letters), the American Historical Association, and the U.S. Naval Institute. He died at his winter home in Florida in 1928.
Family.
One of Griffis' two sons, Stanton Griffis, would become U.S. Ambassador to Poland, Egypt, Spain and Argentina under President Truman. Stanton Griffis was ambassador to Argentina while Juan and Eva Peron were in power and wrote of his experiences in a book titled "Lying In State". The other son, John, became a composer.
Time-line chronology.
Griffis' life and publications are here organized chronologically.

</doc>
<doc id="2911689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911689" title="Joyce Wethered">
Joyce Wethered

Joyce Wethered, Lady Heathcoat-Amory (17 November 1901 in Surrey, England — 18 November 1997, London) was a golfer widely regarded as the greatest British woman player of all time.
Joyce learned the game as a child, as did her brother Roger, who lost a playoff for the 1921 Open Championship. Joyce won the British Ladies Amateur four times (1922, 1924, 1925, and 1929) and the English Ladies' champion for five consecutive years (1920–24).
She married Sir John Heathcoat-Amory in 1924, and became Lady Heathcoat-Amory. Her play and swing were greatly admired by Bobby Jones, the American champion of the same era. Jones, who played several exhibition rounds with her, had a very high regard for her game. She essentially retired from competitive play by 1930.
She played most of her golf at (and was a member of) Worplesdon Golf Club in Surrey. She was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1975.
An exhibition of memorabilia can be seen at Knightshayes Court in Devon, where she lived.
Team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="2911690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911690" title="Edward Pellew, 3rd Viscount Exmouth">
Edward Pellew, 3rd Viscount Exmouth

Edward Pellew, 3rd Viscount Exmouth (14 February 1811 – 11 February 1876), was a British peer.
He was the eldest son of Pownoll Pellew, 2nd Viscount Exmouth. His father died in the same year as his grandfather Edward Pellew, 1st Viscount Exmouth and he acceded to the title in December 1833.
He married Madeline Honorine Dobrowolska of Paris, France (d. 22 January 1870) in 1850. He was succeeded in the title by his nephew Edward Fleetwood John Pellew, 4th Viscount Exmouth, the son of Hon. Fleetwood John Pellew, fourth son of Pownoll Pellew, 2nd Viscount Exmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="2911692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911692" title="Electoral Rhenish Circle">
Electoral Rhenish Circle

The Electoral Rhenish Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire, created in 1512.
The circle derived its name from four of the seven prince-electors whose lands along the Middle Rhine comprised the vast majority of its territory.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:
Sources.
The list of states making up the Electoral Rhenish Circle is based on that in the German Wikipedia article Kurrheinischer Reichskreis.

</doc>
<doc id="2911698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911698" title="Archibald Boyd-Carpenter">
Archibald Boyd-Carpenter

Major Sir Archibald Boyd Boyd-Carpenter (26 March 1873 – 27 May 1937) was a British Conservative Party politician. 
The 4th son of Rt. Rev. Sir William Boyd-Carpenter, Bishop of Ripon and Canon of Westminster, Archibald Boyd-Carpenter was educated at Harrow School and at Balliol College, Oxford, where he was Secretary and President of the Oxford Union. Following college he worked for three years in the editorial staff of the Yorkshire Post. With the start of the South African War Boyd-Carpenter served with the Imperial Yeomanary and in 1900 was commissioned in the Highland Light Infantry. During the war he was mentioned in despatches and awarded the Queen's medal (with 3 clasps) and the King's medal (with 2 clasps). He was Staff Captain to Major-General Lord Chesham, and Lt-Gen. Sir H. E. Belfield (KCB), 1901–1902. He later served in First World War.
He was Mayor of Harrogate, 1909–1910 and 1910–1911; Alderman of Borough and represented Harrogate in West Riding County Council, 1910–1919. He was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Bradford North from 1918 to 1923, for Coventry from 1924 to 1929 and for Chertsey from 1931.
Boyd-Carpenter held ministerial office as Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Labour from November 1922 until March 1923, Financial Secretary to the Treasury from March to May 1923, Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Admiralty and Paymaster-General from May 1923 until January 1924. Boyd-Carpenter was knighted in 1926. 
Boyd-Carpenter married Annie Dugdale in 1907 and they had a son and daughter, he died in 27 May 1937 in Harrogate, aged 64. His son, John, was also a Conservative MP and Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="2911699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911699" title="Soviet destroyer leader Baku">
Soviet destroyer leader Baku

Baku (Russian: "Баку") was a Soviet Red Banner destroyer leader of the "Leningrad"-class (she was reclassfied as a destroyer in 1949). She was built by Dalzavod in Komsomolsk na Amure. The ship was laid down on January 15, 1935 as "Kiev" (on December 27, 1939 renamed to "Sergo Ordzhonikidze" and on September 25, 1940 to "Baku"), launched on July 25, 1938 and attached to the 1st Division of destroyers of the Pacific Fleet. In 1942 "Baku" was transferred to the Soviet Northern Fleet via the Arctic Ocean.
During World War II "Baku" travelled over 42,000 miles. On March 6, 1945 her crew was awarded the Order of the Red Banner.

</doc>
<doc id="2911705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911705" title="Desmond Chumney">
Desmond Chumney

Desmond Randolph Chumney (born January 8, 1968) is a Canadian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler. He has played 13 One Day Internationals for Canada, including the 2003 World Cup. He has also played in three ICC Intercontinental Cup matches, three ICC Trophy tournaments and the 2004 ICC Americas Championship. Is regarded by many as the backbone of the Canadian batting line up, along with run machine Ian Billcliff

</doc>
<doc id="2911706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911706" title="Blair Hartland">
Blair Hartland

Blair Robert Hartland (born 22 October 1966, in Christchurch, Canterbury) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played nine Tests and 16 One Day Internationals for New Zealand. He also played 11 seasons of domestic cricket for Canterbury, playing 83 first class and 68 List A games in total, Hartland also held the record for the most runs in a one day domestic match, until it was broken by Brendan McCullum. He was a specialist batsman, who usually opened the innings and bowled a total of three overs in his senior career. The son of former Canterbury cricketer, Ian Hartland, he was also a very talented hockey player.
A product of Christchurch Boys' High School, Hartland was marked out as a talent early on, and aged 19 he was picked for the New Zealand Young Cricketers, who toured Australia in 1985–86. The following season he made his first class debut, playing one game for Canterbury in a drawn domestic game. He made 59 runs for once out, retiring injured in the second innings, and did not return in that season. He also played two seasons of second XI cricket for Northamptonshire in 1987 and 1988, and in 1988–89 Hartland hit his maiden first class century, in his fourteenth match.
Hartland became a regular fixture in the Canterbury first-class team after that, playing 10 of 11 games in the 1990–91 season, for example. The following season, he was picked as an opening batsman for New Zealand Emerging Players (similar to the current New Zealand A team) against a touring England XI. Though Hartland faced 36 balls in his two innings, he only made one run for twice out, but that didn't prevent the New Zealand selectors from selecting him for the first Test at his native Christchurch two weeks later, as New Zealand sought a replacement for the defensive opener Trevor Franklin who had opened on tour of Sri Lanka a year earlier.
However, Hartland's debut did not yield a good result for New Zealand. England were put in to bat, made 580 for nine declared, before spin bowler Phil Tufnell took eleven wickets in the match, including Hartland twice, for 22 in the first innings and then 45 in the second when stumps were drawn on day four. Hartland watched as Tufnell added a further six victims in the second innings, and England secured a victory by an innings and four runs. Hartland was retained for the second Test, however, and recorded a pair of ducks as New Zealand went down by 168 runs – before scoring 2 in New Zealand's first innings of the third Test where the team made 432 for 9 declared after a stand of 241 between John Wright and Andrew Jones.
Hartland had still not passed fifty in six Test innings, but was still taken on tours of Zimbabwe and Sri Lanka in 1992–93, and though he did not play a Test against Zimbabwe (with Mark Greatbatch and Rod Latham preferred as openers), he played his first ODI on that tour, scoring five runs from number three in the batting order as New Zealand won by four wickets. Greatbatch and Latham were dropped for Sri Lanka, however, and Hartland was back as opener together with Wright; after he was out to Duleep Liyanage for 3 in the first innings, and Sri Lanka had declared 39 runs ahead with five sessions remaining, Hartland batted for four hours in an opening stand worth 110 with Wright, making his maiden Test fifty. New Zealand batted out the match, making 195 for 5 the second innings in a drawn game.
That was enough for Hartland to be picked for the second Test a week later, where he made the second highest score of New Zealand's innings. However, that was only 21, as New Zealand fell from 57 for 0 to 102 all out; following on, Hartland made 21 again as New Zealand made 361, but Sri Lanka took a nine-wicket win and the series by 1–0. Hartland also played two of the three ODIs in the series, recording his maiden ODI fifty, but New Zealand still lost both matches and the series 0–2.
Hartland also played New Zealand's next Test, a home match against Pakistan, but after he once again failed to pass 50 and made 9 in a second-innings chase of 127 to win, where New Zealand were bowled out for 93 by Wasim Akram (five for 45) and Waqar Younis (five for 22) he was dropped and did not play international matches for over a year. When he did return, it was once again against Pakistan, scoring 13 runs in two innings in a five-wicket win for New Zealand. He continued to feature in the New Zealand side for the remainder of the 1993–94 season, making 68 not out in a successful chase of 146 in a One Day International against Pakistan, but otherwise not passing 25 in one Test and seven One Day Internationals.
Hartland was, however, picked for New Zealand's tour of England in 1994; he played nine matches against first-class sides of the country, but only one Test, his last. Hartland made 6 and 22 in an innings defeat, and was replaced by Blair Pocock in the next match. He played a further five ODIs during the 1994–95 season, but after five scores below 50 he was dropped after the Mandela Trophy. He played a further two seasons for Canterbury before retiring.
Hartland is married to Nicki and has three children: Emma born , Tessa born , and Benjamin born .

</doc>
<doc id="2911722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911722" title="Theodemir">
Theodemir

Theodemir was king of the Ostrogoths of the Amal Dynasty, and father of Theoderic the Great. He had two "brothers" actually brothers-in-law named Valamir and Videmir. Theodemir was Arian, while his wife Erelieva was Catholic and took the Roman Christian name Eusabic upon her baptism. He took over the three Pannonian Goth reigns after the death of Widimir, ruled jointly with his brothers-in-law as a vassal of Attila the Hun. The reason is probably that this relatively long reign of the Ostrogoths in Pannonia, while his elder brother Thiudimir only for four years on the throne, followed by Theoderic, and firstly inherited, the heirless, Walamir's part of the kingdom. He was married to Erelieva, with whom he had two children: Theoderic (454–526) and Amalafrida. When Theodemir died in 475, Theoderic succeeded him as king.

</doc>
<doc id="2911727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911727" title="List of English words of Slovak origin">
List of English words of Slovak origin

This is a list of English language words of Slovak language origin:

</doc>
<doc id="2911731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911731" title="Édouard Michelin (born 1963)">
Édouard Michelin (born 1963)

Édouard Michelin (13 August 1963 – 26 May 2006), was managing partner and co-chief executive of the Michelin Group. He was the great-grandson of Édouard Michelin (1859–1940), a co-founder of the company.
He was born in Clermont-Ferrand; after first studying at Ecole Massillon in Clermont-Ferrand, he entered the Lycée Sainte-Geneviève, Versailles. He also spent almost a full year studying at Christ Church Episcopal School in Greenville, South Carolina. It is there that he gained fluency in English. (Michelin has its North American headquarters in Greenville, and he lived with his relatives who were executives at Michelin in Greenville at the time.)
An engineering graduate of the École Centrale de Paris, he joined the Michelin Group, which was then headed by his father, François Michelin, in 1985. He initially worked at the lower levels of the company, including a stint on an assembly line. In 1987–1988 he completed his military service on French nuclear submarines. 
When he returned to the company in 1989 he was first appointed production manager at Le Puy-en-Velay (France) plant, then team manager at Montceau-les-Mines. He was appointed CEO of Michelin North America, in charge of both industrial plant and truck UOT sales and distribution, under the leadership of Carlos Ghosn, a future Renault Nissan CEO. 
In 1993, he joined François Michelin and René Zingraff in Clermont-Ferrand as Managing Partner of Michelin. One of his first challenges was implementing a plan to lay off 7500 employees. Despite criticism, he emerged with his reputation intact, especially after he supported the French government's proposal for a 35-hour workweek. He later launched a reorganization whereby Michelin plants would specialize rather than all producing a wide range of products. In 1998 he launched an initiative to encourage the development of environmentally friendly vehicles. One of his successes was in his decision to re-involve the company in Formula One racing. The company returned to F1 competition in 2001 and was immediately competitive. Success culminated in back-to-back World Championship successes in 2005 and 2006 with the Renault team and Fernando Alonso. The company withdrew from F1 following these successes as F1 reverted to a single-tyre supplier rule. Among Edouard's business failures was a proposal in 2004 to market the Michelin brand without its most recognized mascot, the "Michelin Man" (Bibendum). However stockholders voted against this idea.
He was appointed Michelin Group CEO at the Annual Shareholders Meeting on 11 June 1999, 110 years after the establishment of the company. 
In 1992 he was married to his wife Cécile in a ceremony at Chartres Cathedral presided over by his elder brother, Father Etienne Michelin. He was the father of six children. Fond of theology, Gregorian chants, and mountain walks, he was a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). In April 2005, he was elected to the Board of Directors of Nokia Corporation at the company's Annual General Meeting. In France, he was given two nicknames by his employees: "Dudu", because of his kindness, and "L'americain", due to his overseas experience .
Édouard Michelin died by drowning, while fishing in the Raz de Sein, near the island of Sein, off the coast of Finistère in northwest France, on 26 May 2006. The skipper of the boat, Guillaume Normant, also died in the accident. 
After Édouard Michelin's death, Michelin announced that co-managing partner Michel Rollier would head up the company.
He is buried in the Orcines cemetery (Puy-de-Dôme).

</doc>
<doc id="2911736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911736" title="Edward Pellew, 4th Viscount Exmouth">
Edward Pellew, 4th Viscount Exmouth

Edward Fleetwood John Pellew, 4th Viscount Exmouth DL JP (24 June 1861 – 31 October 1899), was an English nobleman. He was the son of Fleetwood John Pellew and Emily Sarah Ferguson.
On 3 June 1884 he married Edith Hargreaves. The couple had two children:
He was a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for Devon, and Captain of the 5th (Hay Tor) Volunteer Battalion of the Devonshire Regiment.
He died on 31 October 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="2911738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911738" title="Western Australian Museum">
Western Australian Museum

The Western Australian Museum is the state museum for Western Australia. It has six main sites: in Perth within the Perth Cultural Centre, two in Fremantle (Maritime and Shipwreck Galleries), and one each in Albany, Geraldton, and Kalgoorlie-Boulder. The Western Australian Museum is a statutory authority within the Culture and the Arts Portfolio, established under the Museum Act 1969.
History.
Established in 1891 in the Old Perth Gaol, it was known as the Geological Museum and consisted of geological collections. In 1892 ethnological and biological exhibits were added, and in 1897 the museum officially became the Western Australian Museum and Art Gallery.
During 1959 the botanical collection was transferred to the new Herbarium and the Museum and the Art Gallery became separate institutions. The museum focussed its collecting and research interests in the areas of natural sciences, anthropology, archaeology and in Western Australia's history. Over the 1960s and 1970s it also began to work in the then emerging areas of historic shipwrecks and Aboriginal site management.
Locations.
The Western Museum has six museum branches and four collection facilities. The Museum also offers Outreach Services to all areas of Western Australia.
Perth.
On 9 September 1891 the Geological Museum was opened at the site of the Old Gaol and housed the state's first collection of geological samples. The Old Gaol still forms a significant part of the Western Australian Museum — Perth and represents one of the oldest standing buildings in Western Australia.
Shortly after the Geological Museum was opened collections were expanded to include geological, ethnological and biological specimens and in 1897 the Western Australian Museum and Art Gallery was declared. From 1971 to 2003, a greater part of the research and display collections were housed in a large building on Francis Street that was closed due to concerns with asbestos, with demolition of the site concluding in late 2011. 
Throughout the Western Australian Museum's history the prominent James Street location has remained central to the Museum's identity and where many large permanent and touring exhibitions have been housed. Exhibitions, such as A Day in Pompeii (25 May - 12 September 2010) have attracted more than 100,000 people, and more recently touring and locally produced exhibitions on fashion, natural history, cultural heritage and history have attracted large numbers of visitors.
Permanent exhibitions on display at the Western Australian Museum - Perth include:
The Western Australian Museum — Perth also features the Discovery Centre, designed to help children and adults interact and learn about the Museum's collections and research.
Maritime and Shipwreck Galleries.
The Western Australian Museum has two branches in Fremantle: Maritime and Shipwreck Galleries. The Western Australian Museum - Maritime is located on Victoria Quay (), and contains galleries with themes such as the Indian Ocean, the Swan River, fishing, maritime trade and naval defence. One of the museum's highlights is the yacht Australia II, which won the America's Cup in 1983. The Museum is located in the historically significant Maritime Heritage Precinct, which includes the entrance to Fremantle Inner Harbour and associated installations; Forrest Landing, the remnant of the original limestone bar used by Aboriginal men as a crossing point at the mouth of the Swan River; the migrant Welcome Walls memorial; and the World War II submarine slipway area. 
Immediately adjacent to the Western Australian Museum - Maritime on the WWII slipway is HMAS "Ovens", an "Oberon" class submarine that is open for guided tours and commemorates the World War II Fremantle allied submarine base, which was the largest submarine base in the southern hemisphere, with 170 submarines of the British, Dutch and US navies conducting patrols from there.
Nearby in Cliff Street, Fremantle, the Western Australian Museum - Shipwreck Galleries is recognised as the foremost maritime archaeology and shipwreck conservation museum in the southern hemisphere. The museum is housed in 1850s-era Commissariat building and contains a reconstructed hull from the "Batavia", which was wrecked off the coast of Western Australia in 1629. It also houses the horizontal "trunk engine" recovered from the iron steamer "SS Xantho" which sank in 1872. This unit, the only known example of the first mass-produced, high speed and high pressure marine engines, can now be turned over by hand. With its CEO also responsible for the historic wrecks off the coast of Western Australia, many shipwrecks appear in the Museum's exhibits. In 1980 the Museum also commenced the development of a 'Museum-Without-Walls' program via its 'wreck trail', or 'wreck access' programs at Rottnest Island. These 'trails' now appear at many places along the coast.
Albany.
Recently refurbished in July 2010 the Western Australian Museum — Albany is situated at the site of the first European settlement in Western Australia. This Museum explores the region's biodiversity, the stories of the indigenous Noongar people and ancient natural environment.
The Albany Museum was the original residence of Major Edmund Lockyer as the commanding officer of the settlement group that landed in Princess Royal Harbour on 26 December 1826, and formally proclaimed sovereignty on 21 January 1827 for King George IV of Great Britain, naming the place King George's Sound settlement (later renamed Frederickstown and then renamed again Albany). Together with the Old Gaol, and the buildings of the Amity heritage precinct (Breaksea Museum) and the Brig Amity (Replica non-navigable), they were the subject of investigation by the Commonwealth of Australia and UNESCO as a convict colonial settlement (not included in the formal nomination).
Kalgoorlie-Boulder.
The Kalgoorlie-Boulder museum explores the history of the Eastern Goldfields, the city’s mining heritage and the hardships faced by the early mining and pioneer families.
Geraldton.
The Geraldton museum is situated in Western Australia's rapidly growing mid-west region. This Museum explores the region's biodiversity, mining and agricultural history, the stories of the indigenous Yamaji people and the Dutch shipwrecks. The famous 17th century Dutch vessel, the "Batavia" sunk in the nearby Abrolhos islands. This Museum features the portico recovered from this wreck which has been reconstructed to form the centre of the Museum's shipwreck gallery.
Research departments.
The Western Australian Museum has an extensive research program, with museum scientists and curators specialising in the fields of aquatic zoology, archaeology and anthropology, conservation, earth and planetary sciences, history, maritime archaeology, maritime history and terrestrial zoology. The museum also has a specialist materials conservation team.
The Aquatic Zoology department is responsible for documenting and researching the marine, estuarine and freshwater fauna of Western Australia. The department includes sections that study Malacology, Ichthyology, Crustacea, Marine invertebrates and Worms.
The Anthropology and Archaeology department specialises in cultural anthropology and archaeology. The department's research, collections and public programs focus on understanding what it is to be human, cultural diversity, exploring complex relationships between society, culture, language, sociality and economy. The department specialises in the study of Ancient Egypt, Aboriginal cultures (particularly the South West, Pilbara, Desert and Kimberley regions) and indigenous cultures of the Ancient World.
The Earth and Planetary Sciences department study and collect in the areas of Fossils (invertebrate, vertebrate, plant and trace fossils), Minerals, Rocks, Gems, Meteorites and Tektites. The department's collection holds taxonomic and stratigraphic (rock layers and layering) material that is representative of Western Australia’s palaeobiological (the biology of fossil animals and plants) evolution and geological history from 3.8 billion years ago, right through to just a few thousand years ago. There are over 1.5 million items in the department collections.
The History department specialises in developing collections reflecting the material life of Western Australians, and researching the story of the people and places in Western Australia in all its diversity. The department also holds the ECU Museum of Childhood Collection, a nationally significant collection of 24,000 items is reflective of Western Australian childhood.
The Maritime Archaeology department primarily researches shipwreck archaeology from the Western Australian coast, including the famous "Batavia" shipwreck. Its staff members are involved in developing artefact management and cataloguing strategies, outreach and wreck–access programs, site–inspection techniques, and studies of diverse maritime sites, such as iron ship archaeology, characterised by its "SS Xantho" program and underwater aviation archaeology. The department also conducts masters level programs in maritime archaeology in collaboration with University of Western Australia.
Maritime History specialises in collections of images and artefacts representing the individuals, communities, and organisations that contribute to the maritime history and heritage of Western Australia.
The Materials Conservation department is responsible for ensuring the 4.5 million items in the museum's collections are permanently preserved for reference, research and exhibition through the use of preventive and remedial conservation techniques in accordance with international and national standards of best practice. The Materials Conservation department also possesses a research division in its overall structure which develop conservation techniques and methodologies.
The Terrestrial Zoology department maintains large collections of a wide variety of terrestrial animals, including both terrestrial invertebrates and vertebrates, as well as marine mammals. The department includes sections that study: Subterranean Biology, Ornithology, Mammalogy, Entomology, Vertebrate Biogeography, Arachnids and Myriapods and Herpetology.
Perth museum re-developments.
In February 2008, the Government of Western Australia announced that it would build a new $500 million museum at the East Perth Power Station site. However, following the election of a new State Liberal party government under Colin Barnett, the redevelopment plans were scrapped in early February 2009. 
On Museums day in 2012, the Barnett State Government pledged to build a new museum at a cost of $428 million required to build a new museum at the Perth Cultural Centre, for completion by 2019-20 
Publications.
The Museum has produced its own publications of books over time, as well as "Records of the Museum" since 1910 and for a short time between 1998 and 2005 produced "Tracks". The "Records of the Museum" is the museum's peer-reviewed journal which publishes the results of research into all branches of natural sciences and social and cultural history. Between 1910-2012 over 800 articles were published in this journal, the vast majority written after 1975. All individual articles published through the records are available for free download on the WA Museum website.

</doc>
<doc id="2911739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911739" title="Pramodya Wickramasinghe">
Pramodya Wickramasinghe

Gallage Pramodya Wickramasinghe, commonly known as Pramodya Wickramasinghe (born August 14, 1971 in Matara) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-hand medium-fast bowler.
Gentle in pace, but deadly in accuracy, he played his club cricket for the Sinhalese Sports Club. He became internationally known in 1989 after the Youth Asia Cup Championship, and toured England in 1991. In 1992 he managed for the first time to take all ten wickets in a single innings, finishing 10 for 41 against Kalutara.
He represented Sri Lanka in the 1992, 1996 and 1999 World Cup tournaments.
Though playing steadily from then on until 2000, he found himself in need of a shoulder operation which more-or-less ended his career, as from then on he found it difficult to find a place for himself within the side.

</doc>
<doc id="2911742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911742" title="Craig Cumming">
Craig Cumming

Craig Derek Cumming (born 31 August 1975 in Timaru) is a New Zealand cricketer. He has played for the New Zealand cricket team in One Day Internationals and Tests. He is the current captain of the Otago cricket team, competing in the State Championship, State Shield and State Twenty20 competitions in the 2006/2007 season.
Cumming is a right-handed opening batsman who had played 99 First Class games, 103 "List A" or limited overs games and 9 Twenty20 games at the end of the 2006/2007 season. He played for Canterbury early in his career and debuted in First Class and "List A" cricket for them.
Cumming has played for South Canterbury in the Hawke Cup.
On 5 March 2005 against Australia, he was the recipient of, what is called the fastest over ever in New Zealand, bowled by Brett Lee, in which he clocked at Napier as the fastest delivery of the over.
Currently he is a broadcaster for Newstalk ZB in Dunedin hosting local sports shows and is one of the domestic Sky Sport commentator for the HRV Cup and New Zealand home matches.

</doc>
<doc id="2911746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911746" title="Continuum fallacy">
Continuum fallacy

The continuum fallacy (also called the fallacy of the beard, line drawing fallacy, bald man fallacy, fallacy of the heap, the sorites fallacy) is an informal fallacy closely related to the sorites paradox, or paradox of the heap. The fallacy causes one to erroneously reject a vague claim simply because it is not as precise as one would like it to be. Vagueness alone does not necessarily imply invalidity.
The fallacy appears to demonstrate that two states or conditions cannot be considered distinct (or do not exist at all) because between them there exists a continuum of states. According to the fallacy, differences in quality cannot result from differences in quantity.
There are clearly reasonable and clearly unreasonable cases in which objects either belong or do not belong to a particular group of objects based on their properties. We are able to take them case by case and designate them as such even in the case of properties which may be vaguely defined. The existence of hard or controversial cases does not preclude our ability to designate members of particular kinds of groups.
Relation with sorites paradox.
Narrowly speaking, the sorites paradox refers to situations where there are many "discrete" states (classically between 1 and 1,000,000 grains of sand, hence 1,000,000 possible states), while the continuum fallacy refers to situations where there is (or appears to be) a "continuum" of states, such as temperature – is a room hot or cold? Whether any continua exist in the physical world is the classic question of atomism, and while Newtonian physics models the world as continuous, in modern quantum physics, notions of continuous length break down at the Planck length, and thus what appear to be continua may, at base, simply be very many discrete states.
For the purpose of the continuum fallacy, one assumes that there is in fact a continuum, though this is generally a minor distinction: in general, any argument against the sorites paradox can also be used against the continuum fallacy. One argument against the fallacy is based on the simple counterexample: there do exist bald people and people who aren't bald. Another argument is that for each degree of change in states, the degree of the condition changes slightly, and these "slightly"s build up to shift the state from one category to another. For example, perhaps the addition of a grain of rice causes the total group of rice to be "slightly more" of a heap, and enough "slightly"s will certify the group's heap status – see fuzzy logic.
Examples.
Fred can never be called bald.
Fred can never be called bald. Fred isn't bald now. However, if he loses one hair, that won't make him go from not bald to bald either. If he loses one more hair after that, this loss of a second hair also does not make him go from not bald to bald. Therefore, no matter how much hair he loses, he can never be called bald.
Fred can never grow a beard.
Fred is clean-shaven now. If a person has no beard, one more day of growth will not cause them to suddenly have a beard. Therefore Fred can never grow a beard.
The heap.
The fallacy can be described in the form of a conversation:

</doc>
<doc id="2911751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911751" title="Coilostylis">
Coilostylis

Coilostylis, was split off from the "supergenus" "Epidendrum" in 2004. This genus features pseudobulbs, large bracts around the flowers, and flowers that are typically resupinate, with the trilobate lip adnate to the column and having a long thin midlobe. It is not unusual for this genus to produce keikes.
Species.
http://www.abundaflora.com/epi_falcatum.htm
http://www.orchidspecies.com/coiloerstedii.htm
http://www.orchidspecies.com/orphotdir/epipurpurescens.jpg
A digitized version of the original publication in Ewdwards's Botanical Register can be found on page 10 (after the plates) of
http://www.botanicus.org/item/31753002748405
Acceptance.
Althouogh the existence of the taxon "Coilostylis" is hard to deny, there remains some debate about its rank: is this a genus, subgenus, section, or subsection? A brief summary of recent thought (since the publication of "The Debatable Epidendrums") is provided.
In January, 2005, The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, published "Orchid Research Newsletter" Number 45, announcing that Volume 4 of "Genera Orchidacearum" was being sent to the printers. This "Newsletter" listed the new assignment of species to "Coilostylis". (This reference can be found at
http://www.kew.org/herbarium/orchid/orn45.pdf)
As recently as December 2007, The RHS Orchid Hybrid Registration Authority was still calling "Coilostylis vivipara" by the name ""Epidendrum viviparum" Lindl." In the same issue of "Orchid Review", the RHS announced that the changes in Volume 4 of "Genera Orchidacearum" were now reflected in new registrations. (This reference can be found at
http://www.rhs.org.uk/NR/rdonlyres/EB660871-3BBF-43B1-8DB6-5ECF714E7C7F/0/orrevMar08.pdf)

</doc>
<doc id="2911754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911754" title="Joan Diener">
Joan Diener

Joan Diener (February 24, 1930 – May 13, 2006) was an American theatre actress and singer with a three-and-a-half-octave range.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, Diener majored in psychology at Sarah Lawrence College and moonlighted as an actress while still a student. She made her Broadway debut in the 1948 revue "Small Wonder", choreographed by Gower Champion and co-starring Tom Ewell, Alice Pearce and Jack Cassidy.
Diener met her future husband, theatre director Albert Marre, when she won the role of Lalume, the seductive wife of the Wazir, in "Kismet", winning a Theatre World Award for her performance. They were married three years later and subsequently had a son Adam and a daughter Jennifer.
In 1958, Marre directed a production of "At the Grand", a musical adaptation of Vicki Baum's 1930 novel "Grand Hotel", in Los Angeles with Diener as an opera diva (a ballerina in the book) who falls in love with a charming, but larcenous, faux baron. (Although the show never reached Broadway, it was revamped drastically more than thirty years later and, directed by Tommy Tune, became the hit "Grand Hotel".)
Mitch Leigh's "Man of La Mancha" also was directed by Marre, who cast his wife as Aldonza, the lusty serving wench envisioned by the deranged Don Quixote as virtuous Dulcinea. The critics were unanimous in praising her portrayal, but she inexplicably was overlooked by the Tony nominations committee. She went on to play the role in London and Amsterdam, in Paris (starring Jacques Brel) and Brussels in French. She appears on the cast recording with Brel. At age 62, she took over the same role she had created decades earlier in the 1992 Broadway revival starring Raul Julia when Sheena Easton collapsed during one performance and Diener filled in for the second half of the show.
Diener reunited with Leigh as composer and Marre as director for both "Cry for Us All" (1970), which closed after nine performances, and "Home Sweet Homer" (1975), which never made it past opening night, despite the presence of Yul Brynner as Odysseus.
Diener's most famous stage roles went to others when they reached the screen - Dolores Gray in "Kismet" and Sophia Loren in "La Mancha" - and she never had a film career of her own. In addition to appearing on Broadway and in London's West End, she performed in nightclubs, such as the Blue Angel in Manhattan, early television ("Androcles and the Lion" on "Omnibus"), and in regional theatre.
Death.
Joan Diener died of complications from cancer in New York City, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="2911755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911755" title="Amalafrida">
Amalafrida

Amalafrida was the daughter of Theodemir, king of the Ostrogoths, and his wife Erelieva. She was the sister of Theodoric the Great, and mother of Theodahad, both of whom also were kings of the Ostrogoths.
In 500, to further cement his authority over the Vandals, Theodoric arranged a marriage alliance with Thrasamund, king of the Vandals, who became Amalfrida's second husband. She brought a very large dowry, but also 5,000 Gothic troops. 
After her husband Thrasamund's death, his successor Hilderic issued orders for the return of all the Catholic bishops from exile, and Boniface, a strenuous asserter of orthodoxy, bishop of the African Church. In response, Amalfrida headed a party of revolt; she called in the assistance of the Moors, and battle was joined at Capsa, about three hundred miles to the south of the capital, on the edge of the Libyan desert.
In 523, Amalafrida's party was beaten, and Hilderic had her arrested and imprisoned in a successful bid to overthrow Ostrogothic hegemony; he also had her Gothic troops killed. She died in prison, exact date unknown.
Amalafrida had two children, the aforementioned Theodahad and Amalaberga, who married Hermanfrid, king of the Thuringii. It is not known who the father of these children was.

</doc>
<doc id="2911757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911757" title="Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle">
Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle

The Lower Rhenish–Westphalian Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire. It comprised territories of the former Duchy of Lower Lorraine, Frisia and the Westphalian part of the former Duchy of Saxony.
The circle was made up of numerous small states, however the Counts De la Marck were able to collect a significant amount of territories, the United Duchies of Jülich-Cleves-Berg from 1521 on. The Empire's largest ecclesiastical territory was held by the Prince-Bishops of Münster.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:

</doc>
<doc id="2911772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911772" title="Chalicothere">
Chalicothere

Chalicotheres (from Greek "chalix", "gravel" + "therion", "beast") were a group of herbivorous, odd-toed ungulate "(perissodactyl)" mammals spread throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa during the Early Eocene to Early Pleistocene subepochs living from 55.8 mya—781,000 years ago, existing for approximately .
They evolved around 40 million years ago from small, forest animals similar to the early horses. Many chalicotheres, including such animals as "Moropus" and "Chalicotherium", reached the size of a horse. By the late Oligocene, they had divided into two groups: one that grazed in open areas and another that was more adapted to woodlands. They died out around 3.5 million years ago, and are related to the extinct brontotheres, as well as modern day horses, rhinoceroses, and tapirs.
Description.
Unlike modern perissodactyls, chalicotheres had long forelimbs and short hind limbs. Consequently, chalicotheres probably moved with most of their weight on their short, strong hind legs. Their front legs had long, curved claws indicating they knuckle-walked like giant anteaters today. Fossil remains have shown thick, developed front knuckles, much like gorillas. It was once thought that the claws were used to dig up roots and tubers, however, the wear on the claws and teeth do not suggest that they dug or ate dirt-rich foods such as tubers. The chalicotheres probably used their claws to strip vegetation from trees and to forage for food.
Chalicotheres did not have front teeth in their upper jaw, and their back teeth show little wear, suggesting that they probably were selective browsers.

</doc>
<doc id="2911776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911776" title="Liquiçá District">
Liquiçá District

Liquiçá () is one of the districts of East Timor. Its capital is also called Liquiçá.
Geography.
Liquiçá District is situated on the northern coast of East Timor, and borders the districts of Dili (containing the national capital) to the east, Aileu to the Southeast, Ermera to the south, and Bobonaro to the southwest. To the northwest lies the Savu Sea. The district has a population of 55,058 (Census 2004) and an area of 543 square kilometers. The district is identical to the district of the same name in Portuguese Timor. Its subdistricts are Bazartete, Liquiçá and Maubara.
Widely known as a beautiful location, it has a breath-taking view of the Ombai Strait, which is most visible as you drive into Liquiçá from Dili, rounding the last mountain curve before descending into the valley. The beaches are rocky, as are most beaches on East Timor, but nonetheless beautiful. The river that flows down to the sea from the mountains is dry, except during the monsoon season. During this time, the main road washes out several times, and is repaired each time by the local population. The only downside to its beauty is the large population of mosquitoes which carry both the deadly diseases malaria and dengue fever.
In addition to the national official languages of Tetum and Portuguese, nearly all of the inhabitants of Liquiçá speak the Malayo-Polynesian language Tocodede.
History.
While the Portuguese colonization of eastern Timor, the Maubara kingdom, in the west of today Liquiçá district, was taken by the Netherlands in 1667, while surrounding territories felt under Portuguese domination. The Maubara Dutch fortification near the beach is well preserved and still has the original cannon that once overlooked the bay. Later, Portugal negotiated with Holland in 1859 and exchanged it for Flores Island in 1861, which was occupied by the Portuguese at that time.
During the Indonesian occupation, the Indonesian government did construct many buildings in Liquiçá, but after the referendum of 1999 and during the militia`s campaign almost everything was destroyed. Most notably, many East Timorese were murdered during the Liquiçá Church Massacre of April 1999. Maubara is the location where the dreaded militia group Besi Merah Putih was first formed. In September 1999 an American police officer serving with the International Police was shot (though not fatally) by pro-Indonesian forces while the UN was evacuating Liquiçá. [http://www.ess.uwe.ac.uk/timor/death_squads5.htm
From September through November 1999, life came back to Liquiçá, as UN Peace Keeping Forces from Portugal set up a base in Maubara, and the International Police set up its headquarters in downtown Liquiçá. Originally, there were 14 International Police assigned to Liquiçá, representing Sweden, Canada, Great Britain, Ghana, Malaysia, and the United States. It was in Liquiçá that the first International Police officer for the East Timor mission died, as a result of contracting dengue fever; he was from Ghana. During this period, the International Police occupied the very same church compound location where the Liquiçá Church Massacre had played out. The peacekeeper military element for Liquiçá were Portuguese Marines. Liquica was also the main base of operations for the UNTAET Crime Scene Detachment.
Buildings.
During the Portuguese occupation, there were very few buildings other than the traditional huts used by local East Timorese. Most of the buildings were constructed during the Indonesian occupation, but most of them were destroyed during the militia riots and violent onslaughts following and leading up to the referendum in 1999. Some of the buildings that still remain intact are the Portuguese buildings. Many of the Indonesian buildings were repairable. The construction and design is a traditional Indonesian style, which is both out dated, yet artistic and creative.
Resources.
Liquiçá has beautiful beaches (although no white sands) that are very attractive for tourism. Liquiçá also has coffee plantations and some minerals such as gold. Several diving spots scatter along the coast.

</doc>
<doc id="2911777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911777" title="Justin Vaughan">
Justin Vaughan

Justin Thomas Caldwell Vaughan (born 30 August 1967 in Hereford, England) played 6 Tests and 18 One Day Internationals and is a doctor of medicine. In April 2007 he was appointed to the position of Chief Executive of New Zealand Cricket (NZC) and commenced in that position on 5 June 2007, taking over from Martin Snedden. He announced that he would step down from the position as of November 2011, citing family reasons for the decision.
Vaughan was previously Chief Executive of BrainZ Instruments, an Auckland-based medical technology company listed on the ASX specialising in the development of innovative brain monitoring technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2911778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911778" title="The Reality Bug">
The Reality Bug

The Reality Bug is the fourth book in the Pendragon series by D. J. MacHale. The world is all about peoples' imaginations. People create their own fantasy worlds and live inside their dreams. That is wonderful until their dreams become nightmares and their only hope of survival is to escape to reality.
Plot.
Bobby begins on the territory of Veelox, with Gunny, where they land in the dark room outside the Veelox flume. Bobby and Gunny encounter Saint Dane and believe they have him cornered, however, four realistic holograms of the villain suddenly appear around him, allowing the actual Saint Dane to escape (to a territory called Eelong) amidst the confusion. Bobby and Gunny decide to split. Gunny will immediately go to Eelong and report back later with news while Bobby stays on Veelox because Saint Dane had mentioned that it is on the verge of destruction.
Bobby hates the darkness and is worried if the inhabitants of Veelox are floating giants after meeting Aja Killian, the local Traveler, in the form of a massive holographic face. Bobby doesn't know if the huge hologram is life-sized. He meets up with a very ordinary, humanoid Aja in a city much like those on Second Earth, called Rubic City. The only differences are that it is deserted, and there is a huge structure called the Lifelight pyramid looming over the town.
Aja explains that Lifelight is a virtual reality world—a computer that gives people's desires the appearance of being real. Almost everyone on Veelox is in it, living out their own perfect virtual lives.
She takes Bobby through it, and he is amazed at the vedders, who are the "physical" caretakers of the bodies, and the phaders, computer geniuses running the place. She is one of the latter.
Bobby experiences his own fantasy "jump";he meets his family, plays with his dog, Marley, and plays a basketball game where he and his team simply cannot lose. It's a tight game, though. He has to be dragged out by Aja after going into OT.
Aja then explains that, because Lifelight is so perfect, hardly anyone leaves. No food is being made. The territory is dying. However, she has a way to stop Lifelight...a Reality Bug that preys on your fears to make it all less-than-perfect. She then takes Bobby to where he left off in his fantasy, but uses her virus to make it different. His opponents are taller, his coach has a heart attack, and he is injured.
While in the locker room Aja tells him is this is how to save the territory. However, a Saint Dane hologram appears and tells them that the bug is working "far better than you could imagine". 
Saint Dane is right. The Reality Bug has become far too realistic; its use of fears to dilute the jumps has a placebo effect on people, in that if they die in their fantasy, the death is real. Only one man can stop the rapidly evolving virus; Dr. Zetlin, who invented Lifelight and the only one to know of the origin code, the key to purging the bug from the processing code.
Zetlin is in Lifelight. Thankfully, he is in the alpha grid, which can be brought online independently of the rest of Lifelight. However, he can't simply be pulled out. Bobby would need help in the danger to come. 
Bobby goes to Zadaa and convinces its Traveler, Loor, to come along to help him defeat the nightmares. She agrees, and they start the alpha grid up again, with Aja acting as phader-vedder. They plan to get the source code from Dr. Zetlin and destroy the Bug.
However, the software is malfunctioning. Rather than send them into Zetlin's fantasy, it sends them into a "Wild West" and thence into Aja's own residence. They meet Saint Dane twice therein before they are pulled out.
Aja takes them to Zetlin's fantasy, where Zetlin resides in a massive building called the 'Barbican', which can either stand upright or on its side. The first level of its structure is a tropical jungle filled with plant-animal life forms. The second level is a sort of large pool, with racing motorboats following lights. The level after that is a snow covered landscape, where Bobby has to finish a race called slickshot in which six skaters need to pick up red balls and put them into buckets. Unfortunately, only four people can finish the race. Bobby finishes the race (with a bit of intervention from Loor) and sees that Zetlin is actually one of the racers, a popular sixteen-year-old called the "Z" in his fantasy. Bobby, Loor and Aja convince him to spill the code, which turns out to be "zero." When Aja enters the code, it turns out that Saint Dane sabotaged it. The Reality Bug takes physical form(a black ameoba-like shapeshifter), and chases Bobby, Zetlin, Aja, and Loor around Zetlin's fantasy home, and even into the real world when it grows too powerful to be contained by Lifelight. They leave Zetlin's jump and shut down all of Lifelight, and the Reality Bug is destroyed. The Travelers feel they have beaten Saint Dane—again.
But at a ceremony congratulating Aja and explaining the loss of Lifelight, Dr. Sever, prime director of the program, steps up. She turns out to be Saint Dane in disguise, and she stirs up the crowd, promising to bring Lifelight back online. He/She succeeds, everyone reenters Lifelight, and Saint Dane receives his first victory.
Saddened, Bobby sets off alone for Eelong, leaving Aja behind to seek some avenue of hope. Aja trusts him.

</doc>
<doc id="2911781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911781" title="2007 Formula One season">
2007 Formula One season

The 2007 Formula One season was the 58th season of FIA Formula One motor racing. It featured the 2007 FIA Formula One World Championship, which began on 18 March and ended on 21 October after seventeen events. The Drivers' Championship was won by Ferrari driver Kimi Räikkönen by one point at the final race of the season, making Räikkönen the third Finnish driver to take the title. An appeal by McLaren regarding the legality of some cars in the final race could have altered the championship standings, but on 16 November, the appeal was reportedly rejected by the International Court of Appeal, confirming the championship results. Räikkönen entered the final race in third position in the drivers' standings, but emerged as champion after the chequered flag, a feat first accomplished by Giuseppe Farina in and later matched by Alain Prost in . It has since been accomplished again, by Sebastian Vettel, in .
A major talking point of the season had been an espionage controversy involving Ferrari and McLaren, which led to McLaren being excluded from the Constructors' Championship. As a result, Ferrari clinched the championship at the Belgian Grand Prix.
The 2007 season was significant in that it heralded the end of the existing Concorde Agreement between the existing Formula One constructors and Bernie Ecclestone. In particular, Mercedes-Benz, BMW, and Honda (collectively the Grand Prix Manufacturers' Association) had a number of outstanding disagreements with the FIA and Ecclestone on financial and technical grounds. They had threatened to boycott Formula One from the 2008 season onwards and instead stage their own rival series, before signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) at the 2006 Spanish Grand Prix.
The 2007 Australian Grand Prix was the first time since the 1986 Brazilian Grand Prix that there was a Formula One field without a car with a Cosworth engine. This was also the final season since its reintroduction in 2002 in which the use of traction control was permitted. Standardised engine control units (ECUs) were mandated from the 2008 season onwards, which prevented teams from using the technology.
Honda F1 ran with an "Earth livery" on their RA107 car, the first time since 1968, the year in which sponsorship in the sport became widespread, that a team ran sponsor-free for an entire season.
Pre-season testing.
Pre-season testing began in November 2006 at the Circuit de Catalunya, with ten of the eleven teams participating in the test sessions. The most notable absentees were Fernando Alonso and Kimi Räikkönen, who were still under contract at Renault and McLaren respectively. Jenson Button was also absent as he had suffered a hairline fracture on his ribs after a go-karting accident in preparations for the November tests. Lewis Hamilton made his first appearance in a McLaren since being confirmed as Alonso's team-mate for 2007.
Felipe Massa topped the times on the first two days of testing. Massa's testing partner, Luca Badoer, took the fastest time on the third day, although interest was on the fact that double World Champion Mika Häkkinen joined Hamilton and de la Rosa at McLaren for a one off test, although the Finnish driver was over three seconds slower than Badoer's time, completing 79 laps of the Spanish circuit.
The other big story of 2007 was the return to a single tyre formula (Bridgestone). It was perceived that this accounted for some of the reason why Ferrari led the early tests, although it was claimed by Bridgestone that the 2007 tyre is of a completely new build, thus minimising any real benefit for the 2006 Bridgestone teams (Ferrari, Toyota, Williams, Midland/Spyker and Super Aguri).
Toyota was the only team out for the fourth day of testing at Barcelona, as the Japanese works team chose to miss the first day of testing. Both Ralf Schumacher and Jarno Trulli's fastest laps were quicker than Massa and Badoer's times during the previous three sessions. Testing resumed on 6 December at Jerez, with the majority of teams attending the session. Both Ferraris of Massa and Badoer were first and second fastest, with McLaren's Lewis Hamilton making up the top three in third. Hamilton improved on his position the following day by taking the fastest time, a second faster than Renault's Giancarlo Fisichella.
Japanese works teams Honda and Toyota topped the times for the next two days of testing: Honda's Rubens Barrichello and Toyota's Franck Montagny were fastest, although Toyota had the Jerez track to themselves when Montagny took the fastest time. Heikki Kovalainen and Pedro de la Rosa took the fastest times on the fourth and fifth day of testing at Jerez. Also of note, on the last day of testing Fernando Alonso made his McLaren testing debut after an agreement with manager Flavio Briatore. This did not call for an end to his agreement (which ended on 31 December).
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers participated in the 2007 Formula One season. Drivers are numbered as per the official FIA 2007 entry list. All team details are as per the Formula 1 Official Website, except where noted. Note that there is no driver number 13 as per the historical tradition.
Season review.
The season started at Albert Park in Australia on 18 March. Kimi Räikkönen took a lights to flag victory and became the fourth driver to win on their debut for Ferrari. Fernando Alonso came second and debutant Lewis Hamilton finished 3rd. Felipe Massa took his first pole of the season in Malaysia but Alonso won his first race with McLaren while Hamilton continued his excellent pace to finish second. Massa won from lights to flag in Bahrain and Spain and in both races Hamilton finished second, becoming the first rookie to finish on the podium in more than his first two outings. McLaren dominated Monaco with Fernando Alonso winning from Lewis Hamilton after the pair had lapped everybody apart from themselves and Felipe Massa, who was not too far from being lapped.
The Canadian GP was a very dramatic affair with 4 safety car periods and one of the biggest crashes of Formula One in recent years. The race started off with the second all McLaren front row with Lewis Hamilton taking his first pole position followed by Fernando Alonso. Alonso made a mistake in turn 1 losing several places while Lewis Hamilton was opening a gap between himself and Nick Heidfeld. On lap 22 the first safety car period began after Adrian Sutil hit the concrete wall. The safety car went into the pits on lap 28 but before the lap could be completed Robert Kubica had a massive accident. He had apparently lost his front wing after hitting Jarno Trulli. He then went wide and hit a bump on the grass that launched him into the air and into a massive impact with the retaining barrier at a peak G Force of 75G. The safety car was once again deployed and went in on lap 35. Lewis Hamilton once again opened up a gap to second placed Nick Heidfeld until lap 50 when Christian Albers left a lot of debris on the track after a crash forcing the deployment of the safety car. The race restarted on lap 55 and was deployed again on lap 56 after Vitantonio Liuzzi hit the so-called 'Wall of Champions'. The safety car period was extended after Jarno Trulli hit the tyre barrier at the exit of the pitlane after trying to catch up with the field. On the restart Lewis Hamilton led to the finish to claim his maiden win in only his sixth race. The next race at Indianapolis saw Lewis Hamilton take a lights to flag victory after a 300 km/h side by side battle with Fernando Alonso for the lead. Ferrari took their first 1–2 finish in France with Kimi Räikkönen winning from polesitter, Felipe Massa.
In Britain Lewis Hamilton thrilled his home crowd by taking his third pole position in front of them. It wasn't to last, however, he went on to finish a distant third behind winner, Kimi Räikkönen and Fernando Alonso. Europe (Germany) would see Lewis Hamilton's run of consecutive podiums come to an end. After a mighty crash in qualifying he started in 10th in the race. On lap 4 he aquaplaned off the circuit in a torrential rainstorm but fortunately for him the race was stopped. He restarted after his car was pulled out of the gravel but after taking a gamble to change to dries on a drying track he spun off several times but recovered to finish 9th, just missing out on the final point.
After a controversial qualifying incident between Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton, Alonso was demoted to 6th on the grid at the Hungarian Grand Prix. Lewis Hamilton then took a lights to flag victory with Räikkönen coming second. In Turkey Felipe Massa took a dominant lights to flag victory followed by Kimi Räikkönen and Fernando Alonso. Lewis Hamilton finished fifth after he suffered a tyre failure while running in 3rd. In Italy Fernando Alonso won from Lewis Hamilton followed by Kimi Räikkönen. In Belgium Räikkönen won from Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso.
The Japanese Grand Prix moved to Fuji Speedway and this event was marked by treacherous weather and was started under safety car conditions. Lewis Hamilton survived a brush with Robert Kubica to win from Heikki Kovalainen and Kimi Räikkönen. At the last 3 corners Robert Kubica and Felipe Massa ran side by side in a battle for 6th and Fernando Alonso aquaplaned and crashed on lap 41 of 67. In China, Lewis Hamilton won his 6th pole of the season and led up to lap 28 when he was overtaken by Kimi Räikkönen and he then spun off entering the pitlane. The season finale marked the first time since 1986 that 3 drivers had a chance of becoming world champion at the season finale, and the first time since the inaugural season in 1950 that the man who stood in third before the final race went on to win the championship, the driver then being Giuseppe Farina. Lewis Hamilton was the favourite with 107 points followed by Fernando Alonso on 103 points and Kimi Räikkönen on 100 points. Lewis Hamilton started 2nd but dropped to the back of the pack after a gearbox problem. He recovered to 7th but Kimi Räikkönen won the race and the championship. The final standings were Räikkönen on 110 points followed by Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso each on 109 points.

</doc>
<doc id="2911785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911785" title="Amalaberga">
Amalaberga

Amalaberga was the daughter of Amalafrida, daughter of Theodemir, king of the Ostrogoths. Her father is unknown, her uncle was Theodoric the Great. She married Hermanfrid, king of the Thuringii. They had a son named Amalafrid and a daughter Rodelinda, who married the Lombard king Audoin. According to Procopius (History of the Wars V, 13), after Hermanfrid's death, she fled with her children to her brother Theodahad who was at that time (534-36) King of the Ostrogoths.

</doc>
<doc id="2911788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911788" title="Lepiel">
Lepiel

Lepel ( "Lepiel"; ; , ) is a town located in the center of the Lepiel Raion (district) in the Vitebsk Province of Belarus near Lepiel Lake. Lepiel is situated at about and its population in the 1998 census was 19,400.
The coat of arms of Lepel incorporates the Pahonia symbol.
Name.
There are three theories about the origin of the name "Lepel". The first is that the name 'Lepel' come from the word "lepene" which means "lake between the lime-groves". The second is that the name comes from the Belarusian word "лепей" meaning "the best place to live in". The third theory for the name "Lepel" is that it derives from the Belarusian word "ляпiць" meaning "well-developed pottery".
History.
The first known mention of Lepel dates back to 1439. In the 15th century, the town belonged to the Grand Lithuanian Dukes. In 1439 thanks to efforts of a Roman Catholic priest, Kucharski, Grand Lithuanian Duke Sigismund Kęstutaitis' son Michael gave Lepel to the Vitebsk Roman Catholic church. King Sigismund I the Old subsequently confirmed the gift and in 1541 by approbation of pontiff, the townlands were given to the Vitebsk Cathedral.
After Polatsk was captured by the Russian army in 1563, the Vitebsk government was no longer able to protect its property from the attacks of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. The decision was made to donate Lepel to King Sigismund II Augustus on the erroneous assumption that the king would return the gift by awarding the Vitebsk government with other property of the same value. Instead, the king gave the property by way of life tenure to Yury Zenovich, the mayor of Smolensk. After Yury Zenovich died, Sigismund gave the town to Michael Daragastaisky and it then came into the hands of Stefan Batory. Batory eventually returned the property to the Vitebsk government when Polatsk was liberated. 
It remained difficult for the Vitebsk authorities to protect their holdings in Lepel and thus the decision was made in 1586 to sell the townlands to Lew Sapieha, a leading politician. Sapieha eventually donated Lepel in 1609 to Bernardine nuns in Vinius (Wilno) who lived next to St. Michael's Church. 
After the annexation of Belarus to Russia in 1772, Lepel remained in Lithuania due to the border being traced by the river Dvina. After the second division of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 1793, Lepel was joined to Russia and in 1802 the town became the center of the region. The town suffered greatly in the 1812 French invasion of Russia thanks to passing troops razing many buildings to the ground. On 9 September 1852 Lepel was awarded its own coat of arms. Jan Czeczot worked for the direction of channels in Lepel during the period 1833-1839.
In 1880 population of Lepel consisted from 5284 people, including 2458 Jews, 2281 Orthodox, 536 Roman Catholics.
By 1913 Lepel had lost its strategy and trade concernment and was a quiet and typically regional town center.
On November 10, 1919 in the neighbourhood of Lepel there was a clash between the company of the 13th infantry regiment of the Polish Army sitting in an ambush and the Soviet troops penetrating the region. The fighting was successful for the Poles still the commanding officer - leuthenant Stanisław Jacheć was the only Polish victim of the clash. Heavy fightings between the bolshevik troops and the Polish Army (30th regiment of the Rifles of Kaniów of XX brigade) continued all the November 1919 and the Polish-Soviet frontline was established there until spring 1920.
Education.
Lepel has:
Transportation.
Lepel is situated on a highway connecting Minsk and Vitebsk; 115 km from Vitebsk, 155 km from Minsk. Also there is a road to Polatsk. Connected by the railway to Orsha.

</doc>
<doc id="2911791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911791" title="Chester Midsummer Watch Parade">
Chester Midsummer Watch Parade

Chester's Midsummer Watch Parade is a festival celebrated in Chester, England. 
History.
A monk, Lucian, wrote of a Chester procession of clerics in the year 1195 and city annals mention a parade in 1397/8, but it was not until the mayoralty of Richard Goodman who served from November 1498 until November 1499 that the "Wach on Midsummer Eve was first sett out and begonne". At every summer solstice, Cestrians would march through the streets carrying torches and wearing costumes during years when the famous Chester Mystery Plays were not performed. 
(A similar practise was performed every midwinter - the Christmas Eve Watch was a candlelit procession which would go from the mayor's house to the Common Hall where the keys to the city gates would be given to the mayor who, in turn, entrusted them to the watchmen who would keep the city safe over the festive season.) 
In 1564 the midsummer watch parade included: "4 gyants, 1 unikorne, 1 dromodarye, 1 luce, 1 camell, 1 dragon, 6 hobbyhorses and 16 naked boys".
Putting the procession together was profitable for some and fun for others. An annual account includes: "Buckram for the giants Hood 4s; Fine buckram for the giant's whiskers 10s 10d; Michael Linch for cutting the garnish whiskers and all the roses used in the work 10s; John Banion 15 days work at 1s, 15s; John Wright, 35 days chiding and brawling and hindering the workmen from their work, and allsoe for fuddleing and drinkeing with several ather leters and molestationers, just notrhing and wortily he declare it, 0s 0d." 
Despite the cancellation of the mystery plays in 1575, (although they were performed again in 1578) and the banning of the midsummer parade in 1600 by the Protestant mayor, Henry Hardware, the tradition was revived by the next mayor Robert Brerewood, but without the devil in feathers and the naked boys. The parade continued for every year until the last quarter of the 17th century. The last Midsummer show was recorded in 1670, it was then moved to Whit Tuesday until 1678 and not revived until 1995. 
The most famous part of the performance was the family of giants; massive pasteboard models of people carried by several performers. Other attractions included the dragon of Hell, the fools and the massive mounts, a precursor to modern floats - one was the 'Merchant's Mount', a pirate ship.
Modern Day.
The parade takes place on the Saturday and Sunday closest to Midsummer and travels from the Cathedral, down Watergate Street, along the ring road, and then up a steep, narrow backstreet called 'Whitefriars' which leads to Bridge Street, and on to the Town Hall, where the parade ends with juggling, fire breathing and dancing.
The most famous attractions are a recreated family of giants and replica of the Merchant's Mount, as well as the Devil and Angel puppets and the flocks of geese, from 'Saint Werburgh's and Columba's Primary School'. Saint Werburgh is the patron saint of Chester, and is often portrayed as a goose.

</doc>
<doc id="2911812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911812" title="Ladies' Gaelic football">
Ladies' Gaelic football

Ladies' Gaelic football () is a team sport for women, very similar to Gaelic football, and co-ordinated by the Ladies' Gaelic Football Association. It is increasing in popularity in other countries around the world, often by members of the Irish diaspora.
Play.
The game is very similar to the male form of Gaelic football, where two teams of 15 players kick or punch a round ball towards goals at either end of a grass pitch. There are two main competitions in this sport; the National League which is staged during the winter-spring months and is used as a warm-up to the All-Ireland Championship which is played during the summer. The All-Ireland Final is played on the last Sunday in September or the first Sunday in October in Croke Park, Dublin, where the winners receive the Brendan Martin Cup. The National League and Championship are organised by the Ladies' Gaelic Football Association.
Differences from men's football.
Although most of the rules of the game are parallel to those for men's Gaelic football, there are some differences. The main ones are:
Ladies' Gaelic football outside Ireland.
North America.
Canada.
The Casements are a young women's team working on the development of the game in the Toronto region 
The Chieftainettes have competed in the west and are currently supporting the development of Celtic games.
In 2007 they became the first team other than the Edmonton ladies to win the Championship.
United States.
Winners of the 2007 Junior B North American Gaelic Football Championship
New York's newest GAA club

</doc>
<doc id="2911816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911816" title="Joseph Harris (Canadian cricketer)">
Joseph Harris (Canadian cricketer)

Joseph Vikram "Joe" Harris (born August 16, 1965) is an Indian-born Canadian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-hand off-break bowler.
Having played cricket since the mid-eighties, including a handful of matches for Barbados he became the leader of the Canadian cricket team in 2003, captaining them into the 2003 Cricket World Cup. He made himself a renowned name for the Canadian team in the Toronto Leagues, leading them to victory in the first Americas Cup. He originally planned to retire after the World Cup, but was lured back for the 2004 ICC 6 Nations Challenge owing to the absence of John Davison. Canada lost all their games in that tournament, and Harris has not played since.

</doc>
<doc id="2911826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911826" title="Geoff Stults">
Geoff Stults

Geoffrey Manton "Geoff" Stults (born December 15, 1977) is an American actor. He is known for his regular roles on "7th Heaven," "October Road" and "Happy Town". He most recently starred as Major Walter Sherman in "The Finder" and is currently starring in the series "Enlisted".
Early life.
Stults was born in Detroit, Michigan, but raised in Green Mountain Falls, Colorado. He graduated from Manitou Springs High School. He moved to Los Angeles and began to perform in the college theatre productions while attending Whittier College, in Whittier, California.
Career.
American Football career.
He played professional football in Austria as a wide receiver for the Klosterneuburg Mercenaries (now known as the Danube Dragons).
Acting career.
Geoff Stults started his acting career at the age of seven by doing commercials alongside his brother George. He appeared on "Everybody Loves Raymond" as a mailman in the episode "What's with Robert?". Stults landed his first major role in 2002 as Ben Kinkirk, a fireman at the department in which Mary Camden was training and Mary's soon-to-be new love interest, on the show "7th Heaven". The role of Ben's brother, Kevin Kinkirk, was portrayed by George Stults, his real life brother. Geoff Stults also portrayed Eddie Latekka for two seasons on the popular ABC drama series "October Road".
His first major film role came in 2004, when he played the male lead in the female action-comedy "D.E.B.S.", where he met his future co-star on "The Finder", Michael Clarke Duncan. Since then, Stults has had small but memorable roles in "Wedding Crashers" and "The Break-Up", as well as larger roles in "The Express", "She's Out Of My League" and "L!fe Happens".
In 2010, Stults played Dan (an amalgamation of the book's popular characters El Bingeroso/PWJ/GoldenBoy) in the film adaptation of "I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell". He starred in the short-lived ABC television series "Happy Town" and had a recurring role on "How I Met Your Mother".
At the 2011 network upfronts, Fox announced that it picked up the "Bones" spin-off, "The Finder", starring Stults in the lead role of Walter Sherman (a.k.a. The Finder), an Iraq war veteran who, after a brain injury from an exploding IED, was left with the extraordinary skill of finding anybody or anything. The show co-starred Duncan, Mercedes Masohn, and Maddie Hasson. It premiered January 12, 2012, as a mid-season replacement for "Bones". The show was canceled and the final episode aired on May 11, 2012.
Personal life.
In June 2005, Stults was reported to be in a relationship with actress and former WWE Diva Stacy Keibler. The pair appeared together on MTV's "Punk'd", with Keibler as the recipient of the prank. Keibler and Stults are part-owners of the Hollywood Fame, a 2006 expansion franchise of the American Basketball Association.
Stults and Keibler split in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2911836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911836" title="Palazzo Zacco">
Palazzo Zacco

Palazzo Zacco is a mansion in Ragusa, Sicily. It is most notable for the carvings in the Sicilian Baroque style which decorate its facades, especially the putti and masks which appear to support the palazzo's balconies on two of its symmetrical elevations. The palazzo was constructed circa 1750 as the townhouse for Baron Melfi di San Antonio. It was later bought by the Zacco family who renamed it after themselves as was the tradition of the time.
The palazzo is today an Italian national monument.

</doc>
<doc id="2911837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911837" title="Château de Bonaguil">
Château de Bonaguil

Château de Bonaguil is a castle in the French "commune" of Saint-Front-sur-Lémance, but actually owned by the neighbouring "commune" of Fumel in the Lot-et-Garonne "département". It has been classified as a "Monument historique" (Historic Monument) since 1862.
The "château de Bonaguil" was the last of the fortified castles. It was built in the 13th century, but was entirely restructured at the end of the 15th and beginning of the 16th centuries by Bérenger de Roquefeuil, who added all of the defensive improvements of the end of the Middle Ages. A marvel of military architecture covering 7500 m², incorporating the latest developments in artillery (both for defence and in adapting the defences for protection against it) it was, however, obsolete when completed. It was never attacked.
The name derives from "bonne aiguille" (good needle) and refers to the defensive site: a steep, rocky promontory perfectly suited to the siting of a castle.
First stage.
The first castle at Bonaguil was constructed after the middle of the 13th century (between 1259 and 1271 according to Jacques Gardelle), on a rocky spur, probably by Arnaud La Tour de Fumel. The single entrance to the keep, built above a natural cave, was a six metre high door, accessible by ladder.
The first written mention is in 1271, in a charter listing the possessions of the King of France Philippe III "le Hardi". At that date, it was a vassal of the fiefdom of Tournon, and was probably just a simple polygonal keep, with a small courtyard surrounded by a wall, with a lower courtyard surrounded by a palisade. The dwelling was not built until the end of the 13th century or even the beginning of the 14th.
The widening of a fracture in the rock allowed a well to be dug to a depth of 47 m (154 ft).
The lords of Bonaguil fought on the side of the King of England in the Hundred Years War. The castle was taken several times, burnt and abandoned, although always the property of the Fumel family.
On 11 November 1380, Jean de Fumel-Pujols, baron of Blanquefort and owner of the castle, married the heiress of Roquefeuil, Jeanne Catherine de Roquefeuil, and dropped his name for the more prestigious name of his wife. Their son Antoine joined together the properties of the two families, and their grandson, Jean de Roquefeuil, moved with his wife Isabeau de Peyre to Bonaguil in 1444.
Developments by Jean de Roquefeuil.
Jean de Roquefeuil, who sent his son Antoine to take part in the War of the League of the Public Weal, against the King, made several modifications, as much for defence as comfort:
Of Jean's four sons, out of nine children, it was the third, Bérenger, who survived and inherited the property of his father.
Defensive reinforcement by Bérenger de Roquefeuil.
The considerable defence works of the castle have their origin in the lord of Bonaguil's problems with King Charles VII, who condemned him for his violence against serfs and vassals. They were financed thanks to the good fortune of the Roquefeuils, who owned lands in the Gironde and the Golfe du Lion. The works extended over thirty years.
First wall.
The main danger at the end of the 15th century came from artillery. For protection, it was necessary to keep the enemy's cannons at a distance. An external wall, 350 m in length, was added to the castle, with lower curtains retaining a mass of earth which cushioned the artillery shots. This curtain wall was reinforced with small towers and equipped with guns. This was the second innovation of this rebuilding: provision for the use of masses of artillery for the defence of the castle, with a total of 104 embrasures for firing.
So the castle used the latest developments in armaments: push back the firing of the assailants by obliging them to set up their cannons further away; make the approach difficult with openings for ground shot; large calibre guns were put on top of the towers (such as the platform on top of the keep) so as to fight at a distance.
The spur on which the castle stands is cut by a large ditch sunk in the rock. A barbican was built beyond the ditch. It was linked by two drawbridges to the body of the castle. It was also defended by several guard towers, allowing a flanking fire from which the arquebuses could cover every angle.
Still with the aim of leaving no point uncovered by fire, caponiers were built in the ditches; these small earthworks were in front of the curtain, allowing the ditch to be swept with fire from the defenders, from one or both sides of the structure.
Finally, boulevards were laid out, partly in the north ditch, to permit rapid movement from one point to another of the fortress, in case of attacks on different parts of the castle; this anticipated the fortresses of the 17th century.
Second system of defence.
The earthworks and barbican were only designed to postpone the danger to the heart of the castle, the residential part. This was equally strengthened. Six towers were built – four round towers in the corners, and two towers in the middles of the curtain, a square on in the west and a round tower in the south. The towers allowed greater cover of the curtains: defenders could fire on the sides of assailants who were attacking at the foot of the wall between two towers.
These high towers served, as in the mediaeval castles, to protect the walls thanks to their design. Their height was a guarantee against scaling. The innovation was the treatment of the top, reinforced to provide an artillery platform. The corbels supporting the walkway were replaced with inverted pyramids, much more solid and able to support a much heavier weight – an artillery piece, its carriage and supplies.
Changing fortunes of the castle from the 16th to the 18th century.
When Bérenger died in 1530, the castle was not yet adapted for siege warfare, but it remained an imposing fortress.
His son Charles squandered his fortune (on his beautiful wife Blanche de Lettes de Montpezat, it seems) and his sons Honrat and Antoine inherited a reduced fortune. During the Wars of Religion, the two brothers fought in opposite camps, and the castle was taken in 1563. A first restoration took place in 1572. In debt, Antoine had to give the fortress to the lord of Pardhaillan in 1618, before being able to buy it back several years later.
His son Antoine-Alexandre was a marquis, but passed on to his only daughter Marie-Gilberte a castle in a poor state and empty coffers. Married from the death of her father (8 July 1639) to the Marquis of Coligny-Saligny, she devoted herself to the repair and maintenance of the castle. She remarried in 1655 to Claude-Yves de Tourzel, Marquis of Allègre, with whom she had a daughter who married Seignelay, minister of the Colbert family.
François de Roquefeuil, a distant relative with some claim to the castle, took possession of it in 1656, kept and pillaged it for almost a year before abandoning it. Marie-Gilberte lived in Paris for the last years of her life, and abandoned the château de Bonaguil, until her death in 1699. It passed next to François-Gaspard de Montpeyroux, a soldier who almost never lived there, then to his sister, who sold it in 1719 to Jean-Antoine de Pechpeyrou-Beaucaire. His son sold the castle to Marguerite de Fumel, widow of Emmanuel de Giversac, in 1761, who carried out some works to make it more comfortable.
Embellishments of the 18th century.
Marguerite de Fumel stayed regularly at the Château de Bonaguil. She converted the castle, notably in the dwelling P in the plan. In this period, the earthworks to the west of the castle were enlarged and laid out as a large terrace and became a pleasant promenade. New apartments were built in the south, outside the inner wall, thus benefitting from a better outlook. The lady of the manor gave feasts. The seven drawbridges became fixed bridges. A part of the ramparts was demolished to give a view over the valley.
The French Revolution and restorations.
It was the nephew of Marguerite de Fumel, Joseph-Louis de Fumel who inherited in 1788. He fled in October 1789, and the castle was declared "bien national" (national property). The furniture was dispersed, the roofs, floors and wood panelling taken down. Following the Thermidor, the Fumels recovered the castle, but did not live there, and sold it.
It passed from owner to owner until it was purchased in 1860 by the "commune" of Fumel, who obtained the classification "Monument historique"(1862) and began some restoration work by B Cavailler in 1868 and by the "arrondissement"'s architect A Gilles in 1876. The architect from the "Monument historique" restored the keep between 1882 and 1886. Other repairs were made between 1898 and 1900, including covering the watch tower roof with stone tiles in 1900. Further restoration works were carried out in 1948–1950, 1977 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="2911844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911844" title="Swabian Circle">
Swabian Circle

The Swabian Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire established in 1500 on the territory of the former German stem-duchy of Swabia. However, it did not include the Habsburg home territories of Swabian Austria, the member states of the Swiss Confederacy nor the lands of the Alsace region west of the Rhine, which belonged to the Upper Rhenish Circle. The Swabian League of 1488, a predecessor organization, disbanded in the course of the Protestant Reformation later in the 16th century.
Administration.
The directors of the Swabian Circle were the Bishop of Constance (replaced by the margrave of Baden after the 1803 "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss") and the Duke of Württemberg; meetings of the circle's diet were usually held at the Imperial city of Ulm. Though it was shattered into a multitude of mainly very small states, the circle had an effective government, which, in view of the eastward expansion of France, from 1694 on even maintained its own army based at the Kehl fortress.
As of 1792 the Swabian Circle consisted of 88 territories, of which only the Duchy of Württemberg, the Margraviate of Baden and the Bishopric of Augsburg were of any significance. The "Reichsdeputationshauptschluss" reduced the number to 41 and the 1806 "Rheinbundakte" to seven (including the territories that had fallen to Bavaria).
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:
Sources.
The list of states making up the Swabian Circle is based on that in the German Wikipedia article Schwäbischer Reichskreis.

</doc>
<doc id="2911852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911852" title="Gareth Hopkins">
Gareth Hopkins

Gareth James Hopkins (born 24 November 1976 in Lower Hutt) is a New Zealand cricketer. A Wicket-keeper, he played five One Day Internationals in 2004 after Brendon McCullum went home from England for the NatWest series.
Gareth Hopkins returned to the international scene playing two matches in the Chappell–Hadlee one day series. The second match of the series and Hopkins' first was heavily rain affected, New Zealand reaching 3/30 when the game came to a close. The second and final match was won by Australia by a convincing 114 runs, Hopkins contributing 9 off 17 balls.
In the summer of 2007/08 he transferred from Otago to Auckland citing the fact that Otago had recruited Brendon McCullum from Canterbury. The move was surprising considering Hopkins scored 5 1st class hundreds for Otago in the summer of 2006/07. Recently Gareth Hopkins played for The New Zealand XI against Bangladesh scoring 12 runs and taking a caught behind.
Hopkins made his test debut on 5 June 2008 against England at Trent Bridge, as usual Wicket-keeper Brendon McCullum played in a specialist batsman role. He contributed a total of 27 runs and took 3 catches in New Zealand's innings defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="2911856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911856" title="Nicholas Ifill">
Nicholas Ifill

Nicholas Ifill (born November 24, 1968) is a Barbadian-born Canadian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler.
He played in the 1988–89 Under-19s World Cup in Australia, and was a standby for Canada for the 1997 ICC Trophy. Playing for Canada against Bermuda in the 2000 Americas Cup, he took 3 for 78 and earned himself the man of the match award.
He played in the 2000 Red Stripe Bowl, including matches against Trinidad and Tobago, against whom he conceded only 11 runs in 7 overs, and the USA, against whom he obtained figures of 3 for 22, figures which include a hat trick. He currently plays for Victoria Park in the Toronto and District League.
He played three matches for Canada in the 2003 Cricket World Cup, but has played just three times for them since, twice in the 2005 ICC Intercontinental Cup and a One Day International against Kenya in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2911860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911860" title="Battle of Radzymin">
Battle of Radzymin

In the 19th century there was one major battle fought in the vicinity of the town of Radzymin, a suburb of Warsaw:
In the 20th century the following two major battles were fought in the vicinity of Radzymin:

</doc>
<doc id="2911864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911864" title="Upper Rhenish Circle">
Upper Rhenish Circle

The Upper Rhenish Circle () was an Imperial Circle of the Holy Roman Empire established in 1500 on the territory of the former Duchy of Upper Lorraine and large parts of Rhenish Franconia including the Swabian Alsace region and the Burgundian duchy of Savoy.
Many of the circle's states west of the Rhine river were annexed by France under King Louis XIV during the 17th century, sealed by the 1678/79 Treaties of Nijmegen.
Composition.
The circle was made up of the following states:
Sources.
The list of states making up the Upper Rhenish Circle is based in part on that in the German Wikipedia article Oberrheinischer Reichskreis.

</doc>
<doc id="2911867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911867" title="Marxist Party of Armenia">
Marxist Party of Armenia

Marxist Party of Armenia (, "Hayastani Marksistakan Kusaktsutiun") was a political party in Armenia. At the 2003 elections, the party formed part of the Free and Fair Armenia electoral bloc together with the Union of Communists of Armenia. The bloc was denied registration on the ground that neither of the two parties had submitted proper registration. The Marxist Party of Armenia had registered in 1997, but failed to get re-register by 1 January 2001. On 7 July the same year the party merged into the United Communist Party of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2911869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911869" title="Notothylas">
Notothylas

Notothylas is a genus of hornworts in the family Notothyladaceae. The genus is found globally, but is usually overlooked. It is the smallest of all the hornworts, with a yellow-green gametophyte thallus that is seldom more than a centimeter in diameter, and usually much smaller.
The genus "Notothylas" is also unusual among hornworts in that the sporophyte is bullet-shaped and does not grow very large (less than two millimeters). The sporophytes grow outwards rather than upwards, and like "Megaceros", there are no stomata on the surface of the sporophyte. The elater cells do not grow helical thickenings.
A number of classification systems place "Notothylas" in its own order Notothyladales (frequently misspelled "Notothylales" in the literature). This classification is based on the assumption that the unique physical characteristics of the genus reflect an early divergence from other hornworts. However, this assumption is not supported by either phylogenetic analysis or fossil evidence. More recent classifications expand the definition of the family Notothyladaceae to include four other genera.

</doc>
<doc id="2911871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911871" title="Brother Louie (Hot Chocolate song)">
Brother Louie (Hot Chocolate song)

"Brother Louie" is a song about an interracial love affair. The title was written and sung by Errol Brown and Tony Wilson of the group Hot Chocolate, and was a Top 10 hit in the UK Singles Chart for the band in 1973, produced by Mickie Most. Alexis Korner has a spoken word part in this version of the song.
Covers.
The song was covered by the American band Stories (featuring singer Ian Lloyd) about six months after Hot Chocolate's UK hit, and the Stories version made number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US. Another cover was released in 1973 by Roy Ayers on his album "Virgo Red", playing vibes instead of singing.
It has since been covered by many other artists including The Undisputed Truth, The Quireboys, Peter Beckett, Louie Louie, Matumbi, The Oppressed, and Scarecrow. The 1986 hit "Brother Louie" by Modern Talking is a different song.
Vandenberg singer Bert Heerink had a top 10 hit in 1995 in the Netherlands with a Dutch version titled "Julie July".
More recently, the song has been covered by Bon Jovi and the hip hop group Code Red.
In popular culture.
The recording by Stories was featured in the film "A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints" (2006). The same version also appeared in an episode of the series "Nip/Tuck". An alternative rendition of the Stories version of the song was included in the soundtrack of the 2007 film "Zodiac". It was also on the soundtrack to the 1999 film "Dick" and in the 2005 French-Canadian film "C.R.A.Z.Y", but the song's first movie appearance was in Wim Wenders's 1974 film "Alice in the Cities" (7:15 into the movie).
The song, with slightly different wording, is used as the theme song to the television series "Louie", a sitcom loosely based on the life of American comedian Louis C.K. The word "cry" was changed to "die" in the second repetition of the chorus. This version was produced by Reggie Watts, with the intro emulating the Hot Chocolate version, and with Stories' singer Ian Lloyd reprising his vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="2911878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911878" title="Notothyladaceae">
Notothyladaceae

The Notothyladaceae is the only family of hornworts in the order Notothyladales.

</doc>
<doc id="2911882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911882" title="Prosthechea">
Prosthechea

Prosthechea is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae). The name is derived from the Greek word "prostheke" (appendix), referring to the appendage on the back of the column.
The genus "Prosthechea" has only recently (1997; published in 1998) been reestablished by W. E. Higgins as a distinct genus (see references). Two species were later transferred to "Euchile" ("E. citrina" and "E. mariae") by Withner in 1998. The status of "Euchile" species as sister to "Prosthechea" excluding "Euchile" was confirmed by Higgins in his doctoral dissertation in 2000. Previously, the species had been included in different genera : "Anacheilium", "Encyclia", "Epidendrum", "Euchile", "Hormidium" and "Pollardia". The status as genus was confirmed by recent data, based on molecular evidence (nuclear (nrITS) and plastid (matK and trnL-F) DNA sequence data) (W. E. Higgins et al. 2003)
This a neotropical epiphytic genus, widespread across much of Latin America from Mexico to Paraguay, as well as in Florida and the West Indies.
The roots of all "Prosthechea" species possess a velamen (a thick sponge-like covering) differentiated into epivelamen and endovelamen. Flavonoid crystals were observed in both the roots and leaves. The erect stems form flattened or thickened pseudobulbs. There are 1 to 3 terminal, sessile leaves. The leathery blade is ovate to lanceolate. ("Euchile" leaves are softer and thinner than other "Prosthechea" leaves.)
The flowers form an apical, paniculate raceme with a spathe at the base of the inflorescence . There is a great variety in the flowers of this genus. They may be attached to the stem by a peduncle or may be sessile. They can flower on the raceme at the same time or successively. They can be resupinate or non-resupinate (as in "Prosthechea cochleata"). "Prosthechea" flowers are unique among the Laeliinae in producing fluorescent flavenoid crystals when preserved in ethanol with 5% sodium hydroxide.
The sepals are almost equal in length, while the petals can be much slender. The lip is pressed closely (adnate to proximal) to half of the column and shows a callus (a stiff protuberance). The column is 3- to 5-toothed at its top.
There are four, almost equal pollinia with an inverted egg shape. There are four stalks (or caudicles) in two pairs. The beak is entire, curved into a half circle and covered with viscous glycoside crystals.
The fruits consists of ellipse-shaped to egg-shaped, 1-locular, 3-winged capsules.

</doc>
<doc id="2911896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911896" title="The Harrovian">
The Harrovian

The Harrovian is a weekly newspaper published by Harrow School during term time "as an organ of record, and a forum for comment, debate and expression of individual opinion within the school". All articles are published anonymously, except for letters which are signed. The Harrovian is printed on cream paper and is usually 8 A4 sides long (including photos).
Articles are written on any topic. There are comment articles on current affairs, reports on school trips, society meetings and concerts amongst other things as well as the results of school matches. The only regular column is 'Here and There' which reports on achievements of Old Harrovians, staff weddings/babies and other notable events. . There have been and are other columns that persist for a term or so and then die out. For example, the scientific column 'The Strutt' (after John William Strutt 3rd Baron Rayleigh OH), satire columns such as the current 'Spyglass' column, recipe columns ('Two Fat Ladies') and university advice.
The Harrovian has been published under various guises and titles since 1828. Previous titles include 'The Tyro' or 'The Record'. Almost all have survived in bound versions, though the earliest are simple Latin or Greek translations. At times through its history there have also been supplements, notably the War Supplements informing of the situation of Old Harrovians.
Other periodicals published by Harrow School are Goulash (a satire magazine), The Harrow Record (a twice-yearly roundup), Harrow Prep Schools Newsletter (essentially propaganda to attract potential new boys from prep schools) and 10 Miles to London (creative writing, etc. by boys), however, the current creative writing weekly is called The Peachey.

</doc>
<doc id="2911905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911905" title="My Last Night with You">
My Last Night with You

"My Last Night with You" was a UK top 30 chart hit record for the band Arrows in 1975. 
A soulful ballad, the song was written by Roger Ferris and Glo Macari, and sung by Arrows lead vocalist Alan Merrill.
The brass arrangement was done by John Cameron and played by the CCS (Collective Consciousness Society) horn section.

</doc>
<doc id="2911910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911910" title="Union of Communists of Armenia">
Union of Communists of Armenia

Union of Communists of Armenia was a communist party in Armenia. At the elections in 2003, the party formed part of the Free and Fair Armenia electoral bloc together with the Marxist Party of Armenia. The bloc was denied registration on the ground that neither of the two parties had submitted proper registration.
On 7 July the same year the Union of Communists of Armenia merged into the United Communist Party of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2911914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911914" title="Chester Chronicle">
Chester Chronicle

The Chester Chronicle is a UK local weekly newspaper for the Chester and Cheshire area, first established in the 18th century. It is published every Thursday.
Structure.
The "Chester Chronicle" is owned by Trinity Mirror. Its editorial editions have include:
In June 2006, a Wirral edition was discontinued. The following month, the Flintshire edition was created by merging the Deeside, Mold & Buckley and Flint & Holywell editions. While the Flintshire Chronicle is considered part of the Chester Chronicle series for purposes of advertising, sales and promotions, its editorial content is entirely separate. Since June 2006, the City edition no longer carries the word 'City' on the masthead.
The newspaper, which was traditionally printed as a broadsheet, switched to a tabloid format in line with other Trinity Mirror newspapers in 2006.
A complimentary free newspaper called the "Chronicle Xtra" is published by the same newspaper.
Miscellaneous.
In February 2003, the Chester Chronicle led a campaign against a website that hosted the ribald joke article "", which was unwittingly discovered by a would-be visitor to the city. Many readers and politicians followed the protest and pushed the search engine Google into removing the site from its database.

</doc>
<doc id="2911916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911916" title="Earl of Traquair">
Earl of Traquair

Earl of Traquair (pronounced "Tra-"quare"") was a title in the Peerage of Scotland. It was created in 1633 for John Stewart, Lord Stewart of Traquair. He had already been created Lord Stewart of Traquair in 1628 and was made Lord Linton and Caberston at the same time as he was given the earldom. These titles were also in the Peerage of Scotland. The titles became extinct or dormant on the death of the eighth Earl on 2 August 1861.
The family seat was Traquair House.

</doc>
<doc id="2911930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911930" title="Head bondage">
Head bondage

Head bondage, in BDSM play, includes all techniques used to apply control to the head of the subject. It may refer to one of several techniques:
Head harness.
A head harness is a device made of interconnected straps designed to encircle the human head, used in BDSM activities. The straps are generally secured by buckles that fasten at the back of the head. Head harnesses are most commonly used to provide points of attachments to secure various kinds of gags, such as ball gags, bit gags, muzzle gags and ring gags, although they also have other uses, such as providing attachment points for other forms of bondage, or may be used simply for their psychological effect. Head harnesses may also function as a gag by themselves, by restricting the ability to open the mouth, or have a mouth cover as an integral part.
Head harnesses, like many other forms of bondage, also have the effect of creating a sense of objectification and erotic helplessness in the wearer, which can be erotic for the wearer, or for those observing them. Many head harnesses are designed with straps that pass in front of the wearer's eyes, restricting their vision, and further increasing the sense of objectification and erotic subjection. Some have full blindfolds.

</doc>
<doc id="2911932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911932" title="Renewed Communist Party of Armenia">
Renewed Communist Party of Armenia

Renewed Communist Party of Armenia (in Armenian: "Hayastani Noratsvats Komunistakan Kusaktsutyun") was a political party in Armenia. HNKK was formed on May 25, 2002, by former Armenian Communist Party (HKK) leaders Yuri Manukian and Grant Voskanyan who had been expelled from HKK the previous year on the grounds that they had advocated cooperation with the government. Manukian became the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the party.
HNKK published "Khosq Bazmatc".
HNKK supported Robert Kocharyan in the 2003 presidential elections.
In the May 2003 parliamentary elections HNKK launched 40 candidates. The party got 6200 votes (0.53%). The electoral slogan of the party was "Motherland. Work. Socialism.".
On July 7 the same year, HNKK merged into the United Communist Party of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="2911934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911934" title="On the Road Again">
On the Road Again

On the Road Again may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2911938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911938" title="Chester Evening Leader">
Chester Evening Leader

The Chester Evening Leader was launched in 1973 as Chester, England's first daily newspaper. It initially began as the Wrexham Evening Leader, which also later spawned the Flint and North Wales Coast editions.
The newspaper is owned by NWN Media.

</doc>
<doc id="2911939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911939" title="IUPAC numerical multiplier">
IUPAC numerical multiplier

The numerical multiplier (or multiplying affix) in IUPAC nomenclature indicates how many particular atoms or functional groups are attached at a particular point in a molecule. The affixes are derived from both Latin and Greek.
Compound affixes.
The affix for a number larger than twelve is constructed is the opposite order to that which the number is written in Hindu-Arabic numerals: units, then tens, then hundreds, then thousands. For example:
The numeral one.
While the use of the affix "mono-" is rarely necessary in organic chemistry, it is often essential in inorganic chemistry to avoid ambiguity: carbon oxide could refer to either "carbon monoxide" or "carbon dioxide". In forming compound affixes, the numeral one is represented by the term "hen-" except when it forms part of the number eleven ("undeca-"): hence
The numeral two.
In compound affixes, the numeral two is represented by "do-" except when it forms part of the numbers 20 ("icosa-"), 200 ("dicta-") or 2000 ("dilia-").
Icosa- "v." eicosa-.
IUPAC prefers the spelling icosa- for the affix corresponding to the number twenty on the grounds of etymology. However both the Chemical Abstracts Service and the Beilstein database use the alternative spelling "eicosa-".
Etymology.
"mono-" is from Greek "monos" = "alone". "un" = 1 and "nona-" = 9 are from Latin. The others are derived from Greek numbers.
Linguists should note that the forms 100 and upwards are not correct Greek. In Ancient Greek, "hekaton" = 100, "diakosioi" = 200, "triakosioi" = 300, etc., "khīlioi" = 1000, "diskhīlioi" = 2000, "triskhīlioi" = 3000, etc., and 13 to 19 are "treiskaideka" etc. with the Greek for "and" inserted (as in triskaidekaphobia).

</doc>
<doc id="2911940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911940" title="Wolof people">
Wolof people

The Wolof (: /ˈwəʊlɒf/) are an ethnic group found in Senegal, the Gambia, and Mauritania.
In Senegal, the Wolof form an ethnic plurality with about 43.3% of the population. 
In the Gambia, about 16% of the population are Wolof. Here, they are a minority, where the Mandinka are the plurality with 42% of the population, yet Wolof language and culture have a disproportionate influence because of their prevalence in Banjul, the Gambian capital, where a majority of the population is Wolof.
In Mauritania, about 8% of the population are Wolof. They live largely in the southern coastal region of the country.
Orthography.
The term "Wolof" also refers to the Wolof language and to their states, cultures, and traditions. Older French publications frequently employ the spelling ""Ouolof""; up to the 19th century, the spellings "Volof" and "Olof" are also encountered. In English, Wollof and Woloff are found, particularly in reference to the Gambian Wolof. (The spelling "Wollof" is closer to the native pronunciation of the name.) The spelling Jolof is often used, but in particular reference to the Wolof empire and kingdom in central Senegambia that existed from the 14th to the 19th centuries. Similarly, a native rice dish is known in English as jollof rice.
It is thought the Wolof people originated from a Baffouri population in the Sahara before it became hostile to farming due to desertification. As the environment deteriorated some of them drifted into the Senegalese areas of Futa Toro and modern-day south eastern Mauritania. With the Arab conquests of around 640 AD they were forced to move into north and east Senegal where over time villages developed into autonomous states such as Baol, Kayor, Saloum, Dimar, Walo and Sine the overall ruling state being that of Jolof who came together voluntarily to form the Jolof Empire.
Legend has it that in Walo the fishermen from several villages argued vehemently over firewood which lay along the edge of a lake at Mengen. Just before matters developed into violence a mysterious person called Ndyadyane Ndyaye (Njanjan Njie) arose from the lake and shared out the firewood fairly among the men and promptly vanished much to their bafflement. The decision was made to try and catch him so they feigned another argument and when he appeared he was caught. When Mansa Wali Jon the ruler of Sine, who was himself endowed with supernatural powers, heard about the strange goings on in Mengen he shouted "Ndyadyane Ndyaye" which is an expression of utter amazement. This name was given to the strange visitor (actual name: Amadu Bubakar Ibn Muhammed). He became the first ruler of the new empire with the title Burba Jolof and other states voluntarily pledged allegiance to him.
Historical state.
The Jolof or Wolof Empire was a medieval West African state that ruled parts of Senegal and the Gambia from approximately 1350 to 1890. While only ever consolidated into a single state structure for part of this time, the tradition of governance, caste, and culture of the Wolof dominate the history of north-central Senegal for much of the last 800 years. Its final demise at the hands of French colonial forces in the 1870s-1890s also marks the beginning of the formation of Senegal as a unified state.
By the end of the 15th century, the Wolof states of Jolof, Kayor, Baol and Walo had become united in a federation with Jolof as the metropolitan power. The position of king was held by the Burba Wolof and the rulers of the other component states owed loyalty to him while being allowed local sovereignty in internal state matters. Saloum and Sine were later brought within the union. Before they became involved in trading with the Portuguese merchants on the coast, the Wolof people enjoyed the benefits of long established trading and cultural ties with the Western Sudanese empires and had also benefited from trading with Futa Toro and the Berbers from North Africa. Through these early trading links and organization the Wolof states grew wealthy and had formidable strength.
Culture.
The Wolof people’s traditional culture and practices have survived the colonial era and are a strong element of the Senegalese culture .
Language.
"Wolof" is the name of the native language of the Wolof people. At least 50% of Senegal's population are native speakers of Wolof. Members of neighboring groups are often bilingual and can understand Wolof. Wolof culture and language have an enormous influence, especially in urban areas. Wolof is strongly linked to Serer and Fulani in structure with minor Arabic influence.
Religion.
The vast majority of the Wolof people are Sufi Muslims. The Senegalese Sufi Muslim brotherhoods, appearing in Wolof communities in the 19th century, grew tremendously in the 20th. Their leaders, or marabouts, exercise a huge cultural and political influence amongst most Muslim communities, most notably the leader of the Mouride brotherhood, Serigne Cheikh Maty Leye Mbacké. The Islam of the Wolof is very tolerant and puts an emphasis on meditation and spirituality.
Wolof ceremonial traditions.
Ceremonies such as weddings, funerals, and baptisms, while not unique, have traditional elements distinctive to the Wolof. Many aspects of these traditional ceremonies have merged and been modified through the 20th century.
Weddings.
Prior to traditional Wolof wedding ceremonies, the parents of the groom-to-be sends elders to the girl's parents with kola nuts and money to ask for her hand in marriage. The girl's parents consult their daughter and either consent to or reject the proposal. If accepted, the parents of the bride to be distribute the kola nuts among the family and neighbours. This distribution is an informal way of announcing the impending wedding. In more traditional practices, the family of the groom-to-be paid the girl's bride price in the form of money. This tradition, where surviving, has been modernized and dowry is paid in money, cars or even houses. After the completion of the groom's obligations, the two families set a wedding day. Before the wedding day, the groom's family gives a party to welcome their daughter-in-law and to prepare her to live with her new family. The imam and elders advise the groom with the presence of some representatives of the bride's parents.
Weddings traditionally take place at the groom's home. Parents receive guests with food and drink (but not alcohol), while guests bring gifts of money, rice, drinks, ships, sugar, or spices. After the ceremony people feast and dance with guests hiring a griot (praise-singer) and giving further gifts to the groom's parents.

</doc>
<doc id="2911945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911945" title="Aligi Sassu">
Aligi Sassu

Aligi Sassu (July 17, 1912 – July 17, 2000) was an Italian painter and sculptor.
Biography.
Aligi Sassu was born in Milan, Lombardy, from Lina Pedretti, from Parma, Lombardy, and Antonio Sassu, from Sassari, Sardinia. His father Antonio was one of the founders of the Italian Socialist Party (Partito Socialista Italiano) at Sassari in 1894, and had moved to Milan in 1896, where he had married Lina Pedretti in 1911. At the beginning of 1920, the Sassu family moved back to Sardinia to Thiesi, where Antonio opened a shop. After three years, the family returned to Milan, where Aligi got interested into arts. Together with friend and Futurist designer Bruno Munari, he decided to present himself to the Futurism leader Filippo Tommaso Marinetti. 
In 1928, he established, along with Bruno Munari, the "Manifesto della Pittura" (Painting Manifesto), taking as basic assumption the display of anti-naturalistic forms. He deeply studied Diego Velázquez and the plastic nude. Of this period is "L'Ultima cena", a painting that sums up Sassu's visual poetic. 
In 1930, in Milan, he met Giacomo Manzù, Giandante X (also known as Dante Persico) and Giuseppe Gorgerino. In 1934, Sassu started studying Delacroix and the history paintings of the Louvre in Paris. In this period he also painted what will be his "logo" in the future, the horse, omnipresent in his future production.
In 1935, he established the "Gruppo Rosso" with, among others, Nino Franchina and Vittorio Della Porta. In 1936, he finished one of his most known paintings "Il Caffè", as well as the "Fucilazione nelle Asturie", painted in favour of the Spanish resistance. He joined the anti-fascist cultural movement of "Corrente di Vita" in 1938.
After the Spanish Civil War, he started studying Vincent van Gogh and moved back to Sardinia for some time. During this period, several paintings were dedicated to the Sardinian rural life. He also studied mural painting. 
In 1963, he moved to the Balearic Islands, to Cala San Vicente then to Majorca, to the village of Pollença, Palma, Spain. In 1967, the cycle "Tauromachie" was presented by the Spanish poet Rafael Alberti. Red became Sassu's favourite colour. In 1976, he worked for the frescoes of Sant'Andrea in Pescara.
In 1964, the Spanish period begins, Sassu bought a house in Majorca, in Cala San Vicente. Sassu focused on "Bull Fightings" and on landscapes of the island, besides the mythological themes, which he deepened through the use of the acrylic technique. 
From this year on he lives between Majorca and Italy, and in 1967 he moved to Monticello Brianza. 
In 1973, he created scenes and costumes of the Sicilian Vespers for the reopening of èTeatro Regio in Turin, and was dedicated a room in the Gallery of Modern Art in Vatican City. In 1976 he completed two mosaics for Saint Andrea in Pescara. In 1977 he moved to Can Marimon in Pollença. 
In 1982, he received the acknowledgment "The Man who Made Milan Great" and presented fifty eight watercolours he had made in 1943 as an illustration to Alessandro Manzoni's "The Betrothed". 
In 1986, he completed 113 works inspired by the "Divine Comedy", three of which were purchased by the Pushkin Museum in Moscow. 
In 1993, he completed "Miti del Mediterraneo", a ceramic mural of 150 square meters for the new building of the European Parliament in Brussels. The following year he presented "Manuscriptum", a folder with engravings shown in Sweden at the itinerant exhibition "The bridges by Leonardo". 
In 1995, he exhibited at the Gallery of Modern and Contemporary Art in Bergamo and he is nominated "Cavaliere della Gran Croce" by the Italian president. In 1996 three hundred sixty two works, created between 1927 and 1996, were donated to the city of Lugano, founding the Aligi Sassu and Helenita Olivares Foundation is created. 
On 17 July 1999, the day of the artist's eighty-seventh birthday, a big anthological display was opened in Palazzo Strozzi at Florence. 
He died on his birthday, in 2000, at Pollença.

</doc>
<doc id="2911951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911951" title="Davis Joseph">
Davis Joseph

Davis Joseph (born July 31, 1963 in Grenada) is a Canadian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast medium pace bowler. A surprising tail-end batsman, he can occasionally stick it out at number ten for the team, while keeping up a powerful bowling attack.
He was involved in the 2001 ICC Trophy and 2003 World Cup for Canada, and the 2002-03 Red Stripe Bowl, for which, against world-class batsmen, he bowled at an average of a mere 15. During the Commonwealth Games, he was revered for bowling out Sachin Tendulkar for just two runs.
He currently plays for Victoria Park Cricket Club in the Toronto and District league, but has not played for Canada since the 2003 World Cup. He did not participate in the 2007 World Cup.
He currently works as a duty manager at Walmart Canada. 

</doc>
<doc id="2911955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911955" title="Hatena arenicola">
Hatena arenicola

Hatena arenicola is a species of single-celled eukaryotes discovered in 2006. The species is a flagellate, and can resemble a plant at one stage of its life, in which it carries a photosynthesizing alga inside itself, or an animal, acting as predator in another stage of its life. Researchers believe that this organism is in the process of endosymbiosis, in which one organism is incorporated into another, resulting in a completely new life form.
The algal endosymbiont is a green alga from the genus "Nephroselmis". Unlike a fully integrated organelle, the "Nephroselmis" alga does not divide along with the host cell. When the host cell divides, one of the daughter cells receives the "Nephroselmis" cell and the other daughter returns to a heterotrophic lifestyle. The latter behaves like a predator until it ingests a green alga. The alga then loses its flagella and cytoskeleton, while the "Hatena", now a host, switches to photosynthetic nutrition, gains the ability to move towards light and loses its feeding apparatus.
The name is from a Japanese interjection meaning roughly "enigma", or "how odd".

</doc>
<doc id="2911957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911957" title="Public health centres in Japan">
Public health centres in Japan

In Japan, a public health centre (Japanese: 保健所 "Hokensho") is a government facility responsible for public health matters.
The primary role of public health centre is to prevent infectious disease and chronic health problems. It is responsible for monitoring air and water quality, inspecting and licensing waterworks, beauty salons, barbers, food processing facilities, restaurants, hotels, doctors and hospitals, and also animal control.　It also provides health consultation to the patients with mental illness or chronic health problems such as cancer and asthma.

</doc>
<doc id="2911961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911961" title="Bruno Munari">
Bruno Munari

Bruno Munari (October 24, 1907, Milan – September 30, 1998, Milan) was an Italian artist, designer, and inventor who contributed fundamentals to many fields of visual arts (painting, sculpture, film, industrial design, graphic design) in modernism, futurism, and concrete art, and in non visual arts (literature, poetry) with his research on games, didactic method, movement, tactile learning, kinesthetic learning, and creativity.
Early life.
Bruno Munari was born in Milan but spent his childhood and teenage years in Badia Polesine. In 1925 he returned to Milan where he started to work with his uncle who was an engineer. In 1927, he started to follow Marinetti and the Futurist movement, displaying his work in many exhibitions. Three years later he associated with Riccardo Castagnedi (Ricas), with whom he worked as a graphic designer until 1938. During a trip to Paris, in 1933, he met Louis Aragon and André Breton. From 1939 to 1945 he worked as a press graphic designer for the Mondadori editor, and as art director of Tempo Magazine. At the same time he began designing books for children, originally created for his son Alberto.
Futurism.
Bruno Munari joint the 'Second' Italian Futurist movement in Italy led by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti in the late 1920s. During this period, Munari contributed collages to Italian magazines, some of them highly propagandist, and created sculptural works which would unfold in the coming decades including his useless machines, and his abstract-geometrical works. After World War II Munari disassociated himself with Italian Futurism because of its proto-Fascist connotations.
Late life.
In 1948, Munari, Gillo Dorfles, Gianni Monnet and Atanasio Soldati, founded "Movimento Arte Concreta"(MAC), the Italian movement for concrete art. During the 1940s and 1950s, Munari produced many objects for the Italian design industry, including light fixtures, ash trays, televisions, espresso machines, and toys among other objects.[http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/obituary-bruno-munari-1175607.html
In his late life, Munari worried by the incorrect perception of his artistic work, which is still confused with the other genres of his activity (didactics, design, graphics), selected art historian Miroslava Hajek as curator of a selection of his most important works in 1969. This collection, structured chronologically, shows his continuous creativity, thematical coherence and the evolution of his esthetical philosophy throughout all of his artistic life.
Munari was also a huge contributor to the field of children's books and toys in his late life, though he had been producing books for children since the 1930s. He used textured, tactile surfaces and cut-outs to create books that teach about touch, movement, and color through kinesthetic learning.
Design and visual communication works.
These essays are included in "Design as Art". They have also been published individually: 

</doc>
<doc id="2911962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911962" title="Bumblebee (disambiguation)">
Bumblebee (disambiguation)

A bumblebee is a flying insect of the genus "Bombus".
Bumblebee may also refer to:
Other.
[https://github.com/Bumblebee-Project/Bumblebee]

</doc>
<doc id="2911963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911963" title="Chester and District Standard">
Chester and District Standard

The Chester Standard is a weekly free newspaper. It is distributed within the Chester area and has a readership of 102,000. Since July 2006 the newspaper can be bought by visitors to Chester in many shops, at a price of 40p, however it is still delivered free to residents.
It is a sister publication to the "Chester Evening Leader", and is produced by NWN Media.
The UK's Newspaper Society voted the "Chester Standard" "Free Weekly Newspaper of the Year in the North West, North East and Yorkshire 2008".
It is now also available online in PDF format at http://www.chesterstandard.co.uk.

</doc>
<doc id="2911965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911965" title="Refco">
Refco

Refco was a New York-based financial services company, primarily known as a broker of commodities and futures contracts. It was founded in 1969 as "Ray E. Friedman and Co." Prior to its collapse in October, 2005, the firm had over $4 billion in approximately 200,000 customer accounts, and it was the largest broker on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. The firm's balance sheet at the time of the collapse showed about $75 billion in assets and a roughly equal amount in liabilities. Though these filings have since been disowned by the company, they are probably roughly accurate in showing the firm's level of leverage.
Refco became a public company on August 11, 2005 with the sale of 26.5 million shares to the public at $22. It closed the day over 25% higher than that, valuing the entire company at about $3.5 billion. Investors had been attracted to Refco's history of profit growth—it had reported 33% average annual gains in earnings over the four years prior to its initial public offering.
The Scandal.
Refco Inc. entered crisis on Monday, October 10, 2005, when it announced that its chief executive officer and chairman, Phillip R. Bennett had hidden $430 million in bad debts from the company's auditors and investors, and had agreed to take a leave of absence. 
Refco said that through an internal review over the preceding weekend it discovered a receivable owed to the company by an unnamed entity that turned out to be controlled by Mr. Bennett, in the amount of approximately US$430 million. Apparently, Bennett had been buying bad debts from Refco in order to prevent the company from needing to write them off, and was paying for the bad loans with money borrowed by Refco itself. Between 2002 and 2005, he arranged at the end of every quarter for a Refco subsidiary to lend money to a hedge fund called Liberty Corner Capital Strategy, which then lent the money to Refco Group Holdings, an independent offshore company secretly owned by Phillip Bennett with no legal or official connection to Refco. Bennett's company then paid the money back to Refco, leaving Liberty as the apparent borrower when financial statements were prepared. It is not yet clear if Liberty knew it was hiding scam transactions; management of the fund has claimed that they believed it was borrowing from one Refco subsidiary and lending to another Refco sub, and not lending to an entity that Mr. Bennett secretly controlled. On October 20, they announced plans to sue Refco.
In April 2006, papers filed by creditors of Refco seemed to show that Bennett had run a similar scam going back at least to 2000, using Bawag P.S.K. Group in the place of Liberty Corner Capital Strategy.
The law requires that such financial connections between corporation and its own top officers be shown as what is known as a related party transaction in various financial statements. As a result, Refco said, "its financial statements, as of, and for the periods ended, Feb. 28, 2002, Feb. 28, 2003, Feb. 28, 2004, Feb. 28, 2005, and May 31, 2005, taken as a whole, for each of Refco Inc., Refco Group Ltd. LLC and Refco Finance Inc. should no longer be relied upon." 
This announcement triggered a number of investigations, and on October 12 Bennett was arrested and charged with one count of securities fraud for using U.S. mail, interstate commerce, and securities exchanges to lie to investors. His lawyer said that Bennett planned to fight the charges. On October 19, trading of Refco's shares was halted on the New York Stock Exchange, which later delisted the company. Before the halt, Refco shares were trading for more than $28 per share, and as of October 19, they had dropped (on the pink sheets) to $0.80 per share.
Refco, Inc. filed for chapter 11 for a number of its businesses, to seek protection from its creditors on Monday, October 17, 2005. At the time, it declared assets of around $49 billion, which would have made it the fourth largest bankruptcy filing in American history. However, the company subsequently submitted a revised document, claiming it had $16.5 billion in assets and $16.8 billion in liabilities. Refco also announced a tentative agreement to sell its regulated futures and commodities business, which is not covered by the bankruptcy filing, to a group led by J.C. Flowers & Co. for about $768 million. However, other bidders soon emerged, including Interactive Brokers and Dubai Investments, the investment division of the emirate of Dubai. These offers were for a time rebuffed, as the Flowers-led group had a right to a break-up fee if Refco had sold this business to anyone else. Carlos Abadi, involved in the Dubai bid, said that the Dubai-led group offered $1 billion for all of Refco and was rejected. "However, the bankruptcy judge in charge of the case deemed the break-up fee unjustified, and the Flowers group withdrew its bid. The business was instead sold to Man Financial on November 10. Man Financial kept the majority of the Refco futures businesses after selling Refco Overseas Ltd (Refco's European operation) to Marathon Asset Management who then relaunched the business as Marex Financial Limited.
Though of much smaller size, the regulatory impact of the scandal will be larger than for probably any other corporate failure except for Enron. Refco had sold shares to the public in a public offering only two months before revealing the apparent fraud. Their auditors, Grant Thornton (lead partner Mark Ramler and Senior Manager Michael Patanella), and the investment banks that handled the IPO, Credit Suisse First Boston, Goldman Sachs, and Bank of America Corp., all supposedly completed due diligence on the company, and all missed the CEO's hiding $430 million in bad debts. Their largest private investor was Thomas H. Lee Partners, a highly regarded buyout fund, and the reputation of its managers has been similarly sullied.
On October 27, 2005, shareholders of Refco filed class action lawsuits against Refco, Thomas H. Lee Partners, Grant Thornton, Credit Suisse First Boston, and Goldman Sachs. On March 2, 2006, a lawyer representing Refco's unsecured creditors began steps to sue the IPO underwriters for aiding and abetting the fraud, or for breach of fiduciary duty. In April 2006, creditors sued Bawag P.S.K. Group for more than $1.3 billion.
In April 2006, Christie's auction house sold Refco's prized art collection, which included photographs by Charles Ray and Andy Warhol.
On February 15, 2008, Phillip R. Bennett pleaded guilty to 20 charges of securities fraud and other criminal charges. On July 3, 2008, Bennett was sentenced to 16 years in federal prison.
The $430 million in bad debts.
Though no detailed report on Bennett's transactions has yet been made public, anonymous sources cited by the Wall Street Journal and other publications have stated that the debt stemmed from losses in as many as 10 customer trading accounts, including that of Ross Capital, and the widely reported October 27, 1997, trading losses of hedge fund manager Victor Niederhoffer. Niederhoffer said on his website in response to these news articles that Refco wanted to take over the assets in his accounts and assume all the liabilities in order to meet capital requirements, and that he and Refco signed a formal agreement to that effect on Oct. 29, 1997, in the presence of two major law firms and under the close scrutiny of regulators. "There were no debts, loans, or any other financial obligations left open between us," Niederhoffer said. "Refco received considerable assets from us as part of our agreement. I don't know how much money Refco received for these assets, or how it accounted for the transaction, or whether it ended up with a profit or loss. If Refco did suffer a loss, I am confident that it was quite minimal relative to the $460 million receivable said to have been a key link in the firm’s debacle, or to the actual sums that the principals and key players of the firm took out many years later." The story in the Journal implies that Refco settled Niederhoffer's debt for positions that were worth less than he owed them, or perhaps that they accrued trading losses unwinding those positions.
Ross Capital has also been named by the Wall Street Journal's anonymous sources as one of the firms with losses that somehow led to Bennett's $430 million debt. Ross Capital is run by Wolfgang Flottl, whose father used to run Bawag P.S.K. Group, an Austrian bank that lent Bennett the money to repay Refco. In 1999, Bawag purchased 10% of Refco in a private transaction, and had an outstanding loan of 75 million euros to Refco at the time the firm collapsed. On October 5, before news of the hidden loan was made public, Phillip Bennett applied for a 350 million euro loan, to be collateralized with his shares in Refco. The loan was granted on October 10, and Bennett used it to pay off the hidden $430 million. The Refco stock that collateralized the loan is now worthless, and on November 16, Bawag joined the line of people suing Refco, demanding 350 million euros plus punitive damages in compensation for the company's failure to disclose information that would have discouraged Bawag from lending the money to Bennett. The Austrian National Bank and Financial Market Authority were investigating Bawag's involvement with Refco.
The apparent fraud was caught by Peter James, Refco's newly hired controller. Apparently, in the fiscal quarter before the story broke, Bennett failed to execute his temporary Liberty Strategies-hidden repayment of debt. This left the position on the books for James to find. It is unclear why the firm's Chief Financial Officer had not spotted the loan, but the firm's previous CFO, Robert Trosten, left Refco in October, 2004 with a $45 million payout that was not disclosed in the firm's IPO prospectus. He was under investigation by regulators who suspected he may have known something about Bennett's malfeasance. Robert C.Trosten pleaded
guilty to five charges in 2008. Tone N. Grant, a Refco official, was convicted of 5 charges on April 17, 2008. He was sentenced to 10 years on August 8, 2008.
$525 million in Fake Bonds.
On March 15, 2006, information leaked by the U.S. prosecutor's office revealed that Refco held offshore accounts holding as much as $525 million in fake bonds. The company held the "securities" for Bawag P.S.K., the Austrian bank with which Refco had a close relationship, discussed in part above, and for a non-U.S. hedge fund called Liquid Opportunity. Apparently, Bawag and Liquid Opportunity jointly owned six Anguilla companies, which in turn owned the fake bonds. Refco's attorneys have declined to comment.
Apparently, the six Anguilla companies initially responded to Refco's bankruptcy filing as a normal customer would have, filing as creditors with a combined claim of $543 million. However, they failed to follow up with any legal filings.
This is presumably good news for other Refco customers, in that $543 million in potential claims on the firm's assets have disappeared. The likelihood that the fake bonds represent some kind of ongoing criminal activity does not bode well for the principals of Refco, BAWAG, or Liquid Opportunity.
Older Scandals.
Refco has not enjoyed a clean reputation with regulators. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the National Futures Association took action against Refco and its units more than 100 times since the firm's founding. According to "The Wall Street Journal", it was "among the most cited brokers in the business, according to data provided by the NFA."
The 1978 "cattle futures" trading scandal was played out in Refco accounts, the period during which the Hillary Rodham cattle futures controversy originated.
In 2001, the NFA ordered Refco to pay $43 million to 13 investors after their Refco broker used bogus order tickets to clear trades.
On May 16, 2005, the company disclosed that it had received a "Wells Notice," indicating it might face charges related to improper short selling at its Refco Securities unit and other matters. The company had been implicated in naked short sales on the stock of a company called Sedona Corp., disclosed that it was negotiating with the SEC and hoped to reach a settlement that would likely include an injunction against future violations and "payment of a substantial civil penalty." Refco put $5 million in reserve in anticipation of the settlement. The company has also been sued by Sedona in connection with this trading.

</doc>
<doc id="2911968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911968" title="Sam Fogarino">
Sam Fogarino

Samuel Joseph Fogarino (born August 9, 1968 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is the drummer of New York City band Interpol. He has played in bands such as The Holy Terrors, Gus, The Wahoos, Napoleon Solo, The Ton-ups and The Last Night.
Fogarino began to play the drums at the age of 13. In the early 1990s Fogarino played with the South Florida act, The Holy Terrors as part of a music scene that also produced Marilyn Manson, Jack Off Jill, Saigon Kick and The Mavericks. Manson asked him to join his band at one point, but Fogarino turned him down.
In 1996, Fogarino left South Florida to move to Gainesville (played in a band called Gus, replacing Jason Lederman), then finally settled in New York City in 1997. He first met guitarist Daniel Kessler in 1998 when he was selling vinyl in Beacon's Closet, a clothing store in Brooklyn. With more than 10 years playing experience, he joined Interpol in 2000 after original drummer Greg Drudy left the band. Fogarino played his first show for Interpol on May 20, 2000 at the Mercury Lounge.
Fogarino is considered the elder statesman of the group, and is generally considered the most friendly and approachable member. He is also very proud of his talents as a chef, with his specialty being pasta. He lives in Athens, GA.
Bobby Schayer formerly of Bad Religion worked as drum tech for Sam Fogarino from 2001 to 2011
In early 2006, Fogarino joined with former Swervedriver frontman Adam Franklin to form a side-project band called The Setting Suns. Since then, the duo have changed their name to Magnetic Morning and released a six-track EP on iTunes.
In May 2010, Fogarino composed an accompanying soundtrack to Athens, GA Canopy Studio's "Fractured Fairy Tales" aerial dance performance.
On April 2, 2013, Fogarino released his debut side project EmptyMansions snakes/vulture/sulfate via Riot House Records. He enlisted Brandon Curtis (The Secret Machines, Interpol) to produce the record and Duane Denison (The Jesus Lizard, Tomahawk) to play lead guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="2911970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911970" title="Lakshmana Tirtha">
Lakshmana Tirtha

The Lakshmana Tirtha (Lakshmantīrtha River) is a river of Karnataka, India. It rises in Kodagu district and flows eastward. It joins the Kaveri in the Krishna Raja Sagara lake.
Mythological origin of Lakshmana Tirtha.
One day when Rama with his followers was living in Irpu, his younger brother Lakshmana, in a fit of madness, insulted him by returning the bow and arrows which he had received from Rama. But soon repenting of his rashness, Lakshmana asked forgiveness, offering at the same time to throw himself into a large fire as an atonement for his crime. He accordingly shot an arrow against the foot of the rocks at Irpu, when a large fire flared up, into which he threw himself. In order to save his brother, Rama immediately created a river to put out the fire, but it was too late. Rama afterwards desired to consecrate the spot, and ordered the dwarf Hanuman to bring a linga from Kashi (Varanasi) within an hour and a half. During his absence, Rama, fearing that Hanuman would not be back in time, made a linga himself of river-sand, in which operation he was surprised by Hanuman, who flew into a rage for having troubled himself in vain. He twisted his enormous tail round one of the neighbouring hills, Hanuman betta, and attempted to upset it. Rama, to comfort the furious Hanuman, assured him that Hanuman's linga should become even as more famous than his own. So the new linga was set up at Herumalu, and the festive day of its worship precedes that of the linga at Irpu. Thus the river is called "Lakshmanathirtha".

</doc>
<doc id="2911979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911979" title="All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship">
All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship

The All-Ireland Senior Ladies' Football Championship, the premier "knockout" competition in the game of ladies' Gaelic football, is contested by the women of Ireland. The series of games are organised by the Ladies' Gaelic Football Association (Irish: "Cumann Peil Gael na mBan") and are played during the summer months, with the All-Ireland Final being played at Croke Park in Dublin on the last Sunday in September or the first Sunday in October. The winning team is presented with the Brendan Martin Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2911981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911981" title="Midweek Chronicle">
Midweek Chronicle

Chronicle Xtra (formerly the Chester Mail and Midweek Chronicle) is a free weekly newspaper in Chester, England, by Trinity Mirror. The paper is produced in conjunction with the weekly "Chester Chronicle". It frequently advertises competitions run by the Chronicle in order to boost sales of this paper.
History.
The editorial of the newspaper, which was known as the "Chester Mail" until June 2006, has been revised several times. Presently "Xtra" previews the paid-for "Chester Chronicle" which is published on a Thursday. "Extra" is delivered, free of charge, to every address in Chester on a Tuesday or Wednesday.
The "Chester Mail", which was almost advertisements, was superseded by the "Midweek Chronicle" in 2006. The relaunch resulted in more news stories, a comments and letters section, as well as sport and advertorial. 
In 2010 the "Midweek Chronicle" became the "Chronicle Xtra". It remains one of three newspapers in available in the Chester area: the "Chester Standard", the "Chester Chronicle" and the daily "Chester Evening Leader".

</doc>
<doc id="2911985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911985" title="Dance Dance Revolution (Game Boy Color video games)">
Dance Dance Revolution (Game Boy Color video games)

The Dance Dance Revolution (Game Boy versions) are a series of Japanese-exclusive Dance Dance Revolution games released for the Game Boy Color. The versions made are Dance Dance Revolution GB (released August 3, 2000), Dance Dance Revolution GB2 (November 16, 2000), Dance Dance Revolution GB Oha Super Kids Station (February 8, 2001), Dance Dance Revolution GB3 (March 15, 2001), and Dance Dance Revolution GB Disney Mix (March 29, 2001). All these five titles were developed by Now Production.
Gameplay.
The Game Boy versions of Dance Dance Revolution are the first in the series to lack the traditional dance mats meant for feet. Instead, a plastic pad comes with the games and can be clipped onto the front of the player's Game Boy. All of the games immediately provide an option to play using the pad, which is designed to visually resemble a traditional DDR dance pad. This is meant to give the games a more authentic and familiar feel, allowing the player to "dance" with his or her fingers. If the pad is not available, the games can still be played by using the Game Boy's directional arrows and leaving the dance pad option off; this option simply changes the arrow controls to match the edges of the pad. For dealing with jumps (two arrows at the same time), the 'B' button functions as the up arrow, while the 'A' button works as the right arrow. This extra feature is provided since the Game Boy's directional pad does not allow pressing up+down or left+right at the same time.
The series is also well known for an arrow sync issue that makes every song a whole 8th note early, making it difficult to score well.
Limited dance pad compatibility.
Since 2005, it has been possible to use the Game Boy Player together with the GCN Action Pad (bundled with Dance Dance Revolution Mario Mix) or the Mad Catz Beat Pad (bundled with MC Groovz Dance Craze and licensed by Nintendo) in order to play the game as it was never intended - on a dance pad. However, due to common errors that the Game Boy Player introduces, gameplay is characterized by impaired sensitivity in the pad, double-strike errors, and time sync issues. These errors are a result of the fact that several of the GameCube's peripherals have been made after the release of the Game Boy Player and they could not have been anticipated at the time of its release.
It should also be noted that these issues could be inherent to the game software, as using the Action Pad and a GBC emulator (as opposed to using the Game Boy Player) on the Game Cube yields the same timing/sensitivity errors.
Music.
The Game Boy versions of Dance Dance Revolution include various lower-quality synthesized renditions of songs appearing in previous mixes. These mixes are noteworthy in that they contain no original musical content. 

</doc>
<doc id="2911995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2911995" title="Giacomo Manzù">
Giacomo Manzù

Giacomo Manzù, pseudonym of Giacomo Manzoni (December 22, 1908 - January 17, 1991), was an Italian sculptor.
Biography.
Manzù was born at Bergamo, the son of a shoemaker. Other than a few evening art classes, he was self-taught in sculpture, although he later became a professor himself. He started working wood during his military service in the Veneto in 1928; later, after a short sojourn in Paris, he moved to Milan, where architect Giovanni Muzio commissioned him the decoration of the chapel of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore (1931–1932). In 1933 he exhibited a series of busts at the Triennale di Milano, which granted him national popularity. The following year he held in Rome a personal exhibition with the painter Aligi Sassu, with whom he shared a studio.
In 1939 Manzù started a series of bronze bas-reliefs about the death of Jesus Christ; the works, exhibited in Rome in 1942, were criticized by the Fascist government and the ecclesiastical authorities. In 1940 he obtained a teaching position in the Accademia di Brera in Milan, but later he moved to the Accademia Albertina in Turin. During World War II Manzù moved to Clusone, returning to teach at Brera after the end of the conflict, a position he held until 1954. Until 1960 he lived in Salzburg. Here he met Inge Schabel, his future wife, who was the model of numerous portraits together with her sister Sonja. In 1964 he completed the "Death Gate" for the St. Peter's Basilica in Rome. In the same year he moved to Ardea, near Rome, in a locality now rechristened Colle Manzù in his honor.
In the late 1960s Manzù started to work also as scenographer. In 1977 he completed a "Monument to the Partisan" in Bergamo. His last great work was the 6 m-tall sculpture facing the ONU seat in New York, inaugurated in 1989.
He was the subject of a famous photographic portrait by Yousuf Karsh.
His works are recognized by Western museums and collectors, while celebrated by the Soviet art world as well. A Roman Catholic, he was a personal friend of Pope John XXIII and had important liturgical commissions for the Vatican. In the United States, architect Minoru Yamasaki commissioned him for the "Passo di Danza" (dance step) sculptor at the One Woodward Avenue building in Detroit. He also carved the "Nymph and Faun" at Wayne State University's McGreagor Memorial sculpture garden.
Manzù was an atheist.
Manzù died in Rome in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="2912006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912006" title="Monbatsu">
Monbatsu

Monbatsu (門閥, Mombatsu more phonetically) is the Japanese language term for the old Japanese aristocracy and nobility. The "daimyo" system was abolished with the Meiji Restoration. This did not, however, dismantle all the aspects of the clan system, nor achieve a thorough land reform. The "Monbatsu" persisted as a recognised block having political influence, into the twentieth century.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="2912008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912008" title="St.-Pius-Gymnasium">
St.-Pius-Gymnasium

St.-Pius-Gymnasium is a private "Gymnasium" (high school) in Coesfeld near Münster, Germany. As of 2005 it has approximately 690 pupils.
It is named after Pope Pius X. The school is associated with the Lycée Notre-Dame in Guingamp, Brittany, France and a high school in Poole, Yorkshire, England.
The school has its own chapel and an auditorium. The whole school is a non-smoking area.
History.
It was founded in 1953 by Bishop Michael Keller as an "Internat" (all-boys boarding school), in order to educate about 100 students for the priesthood. It had a fee of 100 Marks.
In April 1964 it was changed to a high school. In 1965 the school building at Gerlever Weg was built. Girls were admitted starting in 1969, and in the same year a building was erected for up to 300 students. In 1976 it became a "Gymnasium". In 1979, the last of the boarding students left, and the following year a major expansion to the buildings was made.

</doc>
<doc id="2912015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912015" title="Syrian brown bear">
Syrian brown bear

The Syrian brown bear ("Ursus arctos syriacus") is a relatively small subspecies of brown bear native to Eurasia.
Distribution.
Within the former Soviet Union, it occurs in Transcaucasia, notably in Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia and Turkmenistan. Outside the ex-USSR, it occurs in Iran, Iraq and Turkey. It is extinct in Israel, Lebanon and, more recently, in Syria.
Like many large mammals, the Syrian brown bear population is declining due to habitat loss, and poaching. They are a popular target for big game hunters in the Middle East and in Asia. In addition, bear bile (ursodeoxycholic acid) is a valuable commodity because of its use in traditional Chinese medicine as an assumed cure for rheumatism, poor eyesight and gall stones.
Description.
It is one of the smaller subspecies of brown bears, although brown bears as a group are among the largest type of bears, second only to polar bears. Adult males have skulls measuring approximately 30–40 cm. Fur color is usually very light brown and straw coloured. The hair on the withers is longer with a grey-brown base and is often a different shade then the rest of the body, seen in some individuals as a dark stripe running across the back. Individuals from the middle and Western Caucasus, whose ranges overlap those of Eurasian brown bears, are darker in colour, and larger in size, leading some naturalists to propose that they are in fact hybrid populations of Eurasian and Syrian brown bears. It is thought that these mixed bears originated during the Holocene when Syrian bears migrated Northward and interbred with the larger Northern bears. These populations have skulls measuring 37–40 cm in length, and their fur colour is reddish brown with no mixture of black and brown tones.
Culture.
Wojtek.
Among the huge variety of troops serving at Monte Cassino, probably the strangest was a bear from Iran, called Wojtek. Raised by and enlisted into the 22nd Artillery Supply Company of the Polish II Corps, he carried artillery shells during battle.

</doc>
<doc id="2912016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912016" title="Özhan Canaydın">
Özhan Canaydın

Özhan Canaydın (23 January 1943 – 22 March 2010) was a businessman, basketballer and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.
Biography.
Born on 23 January 1943 in Bursa.
Basketball career.
Canaydın began to play professional basketball in 1958. In 1957, he became the youngest member of the Galatasaray organization with the registration number 155. Playing with Turkey's national youth team that won the European Youth Championship in 1962, Canaydın was also among the eight players of the Galatasaray basketball team that won the Turkish Championship. He was a member of Galatasaray cadet, junior and senior basketball teams and participated in the teams that became Turkish champions. He retired from basketball in 1964.
Business career.
In 1963, Canaydın started his business career in the textile sector, in which his father had a company.
Özhan Canaydın assigned his business to professional managers after being elected as President of Galatasaray in 2002. Canaydin has also served for Galatasaray under the presidencies of Ali Tanrıyar, Alp Yalman and legendary President Faruk Süren.
Canaydin was re-elected chairman of Galatasaray on 25 March 2006.He assigned his business to professional managers after being elected Galatasaray chairman in 2002. Canaydın also served for Galatasaray as a board member under chairmen Ali Tanrıyar, Alp Yalman and Faruk Süren.
Canaydın was elected chairman for a second term on 25 March 2006 but resigned from his position in 2008 due to health issues.
He also served as the president of the Super League Clubs Union. Due to poor health, he resigned from his position in 2008.
Personal life.
Canaydın graduated from Galatasaray High School in 1963 and married Asuman Canaydın in 1965. He has two children and four grandchildren. His son, Murat Canaydın also graduated from Galatasaray High School and runs the family business now.
Death.
He died on 22 March 2010 from pancreatic cancer, aged 67.

</doc>
<doc id="2912017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912017" title="Off the Road">
Off the Road

Off the Road: Twenty Years with Cassady, Kerouac and Ginsberg is an autobiographical book by Carolyn Cassady. Originally published in 1990 as "Off the Road: My Years with Cassady, Kerouac, and Ginsberg", it was republished by London's Black Spring Press, coinciding with the fiftieth anniversary of Jack Kerouac's seminal "On the Road". "Off the Road" recounts the history of Carolyn Cassady, wife of Jack Kerouac's traveling companion and "On the Road"'s hero Neal Cassady. As Neal's wife and Kerouac's intermittent lover, Carolyn Cassady was well situated to record the inception of the Beat Generation and its influence on American culture.
"Off the Road" begins in the initial stages of Kerouac and Neal Cassady's friendship, when Kerouac was a struggling author trying to publish his first novel (1950's "The Town and the City"), and documents important moments in the beat movement such as the success of "On the Road" and Allen Ginsberg's "Howl."

</doc>
<doc id="2912026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912026" title="Battle of Radzymin (1944)">
Battle of Radzymin (1944)

The Battle of Radzymin was one of a series of engagements between the Red Army's 1st Byelorussian Front and the Wehrmacht Heer's XXXIXth Panzer Corps that occurred as part of the Lublin-Brest Offensive between August 1 and August 10, 1944 at the conclusion of the Belorussian strategic offensive operation near the town of Radzymin in the vicinity of Warsaw, part of which entailed a large tank battle at Wołomin. It was the largest tank battle on the territories of Poland during World War II.
Approach of the Red Army forces into the proximity of Warsaw served to initiate the Warsaw Uprising by the Home Army with expectation of help from the Red Army. The battle ended with Soviet's defeat; it is unclear to what extent this defeat contributed to Soviet's decision not to aid the Warsaw Uprising.
Before the battle.
After crossing into Poland, the Red Army's 1st Byelorussian Front of Konstantin Rokossovsky continued its advance towards Warsaw. The 65th Army (12 divisions) together with the attached 1st Guards Tank Corps, was to advance towards the town of Serock and then outflank Warsaw from the north. The 28th Army (9 divisions) together with 1st Mechanized and 9th Tank Corps was advancing directly towards Warsaw and was separated from the 47th Army by the Siedlce-Mińsk Mazowiecki line, and from the 65th Army by the Sokołów Podlaski-Węgrów-Radzymin line. Both armies, additionally supported by the 2nd and 4th Guards Cavalry Corps, were destined to take part in repelling a German tactical counter-assault at Radzymin and Wołomin near Warsaw. At the same time, the 47th Army (10 divisions) was to seize the southern approaches to Praga, seize right-bank Warsaw and cross the river through the bridges in Warsaw or through a temporary bridge in Góra Kalwaria. The 70th Army (4 divisions) was to follow the 47th and serve as a tactical reserve.
At the same time the remaining forces of the front were to support the assault on Warsaw by crossing the Vistula south of it, near Magnuszew and outflanking the city from the South and West. The 8th Guards Army (9 divisions) together with the 1st Polish Army (3 divisions) and 69th Army (9 divisions aided by the 11th Tank Corps) were to cross the river at Magnuszew.
Battle.
After the Russian reconnaissance units reached Warsaw in late July, on August 1, 1944 the Warsaw Uprising started. Starting from an area south of Mińsk Mazowiecki, Lieutenant-General N. D. Vedeneev's 3rd Tank Corps (part of the Soviet Second Tank Army) thrust northwest through Okuniew and Wołomin to Radzymin, reaching an area only three miles (five kilometers) from the strategic bridge over the Narew River at Zegrze.
In response to Vedeneev's thrust, the Germans started a tactical counter-attack near Radzymin on July 31. The offensive, carried out by 4 understrength Panzer divisions, was to secure the eastern approaches to Warsaw and Vistula crossings, and aimed to destroy the three tank corps of the Second Tank Army in detail. Under the leadership of German Field Marshal Model, the 4th, 19th, Hermann Göring, and 5th SS Panzer Divisions were concentrated from different areas with their arrival in the area of Wołomin occurring between July 31 and August 1, 1944. Although the 3rd Tank Corps gamely defended the initial assaults of the "Hermann Göring" and 19th Panzer Divisions, the arrival of the 4th Panzer and 5th SS Panzer Divisions spelled doom for the isolated and outnumbered unit.
Already on August 1, the leading elements of the 19th and 5th SS Panzer Divisions, closing from the west and east respectively, met at Okuniew, cutting the 3rd Tank Corps off from the other units of the Second Tank Army. Pressed into the area of Wołomin, the 3rd Tank Corps was pocketed and destroyed on August 3, 1944. Attempts to reach the doomed tank corps by the 8th Guards Tank Corps and the 16th Tank Corps failed, with the 8th Guards Tank Corps taking serious losses in the attempt. Although Model had planned to attack the 8th Guards Tank Corps next, the withdrawal of the 19th and "Hermann Göring" Panzer Divisions to shore up the German defenses around the Magnuszew bridgehead forced the remaining German forces around Okuniew to go on the defensive.
For unknown reasons, on August 2, 1944 all armies that were to assault Warsaw had their orders changed. The 28th, 47th and 65th Armies were ordered to turn northwards and seize the undefended town of Wyszków and the Liwiec river line. The 2nd Tank Army was left in place and had to fight the Germans alone, without support of the infantry. Also, 69th Army was ordered to stop while the 8th Guards Army under Vasily Chuikov was ordered to halt the assault and await a German attack from the direction of Garwolin.
Further combat lasted until August 10, when the Germans finally withdrew. Soviet losses were heavy, but not heavy enough to affect the overall course of their thrust to the vicinity of Warsaw. The 3rd Tank Corps was destroyed, the 8th Guards Tank Corps took heavy losses, and the 16th Tank Corps took significant losses as well. Overall, the Second Tank Army's losses were significant enough that it was withdrawn from the front lines by August 5, 1944.
Aftermath.
Altogether, between August 1 and 10, the 2nd Tank Army lost 409 killed in action, 1271 wounded and 589 missing. In addition, it lost 284 tanks and self-propelled guns (40% of these losses were non-recoverable, amounting to 113 armored vehicles lost permanently) out of 679 available to the army on July 30. After World War II, communist propaganda used the example of the Battle of Radzymin of 1944 as a proof that the German counter-attack prevented the Red Army from helping the Warsaw Uprising. However, it remains unknown why the Soviet assault was halted as some Russian archives are still closed to historians. Some Polish and Western historians argue that the Soviet assault was halted because Stalin wanted the Warsaw insurgents, loyal to the Polish government in exile (known for its anti-Soviet stance), destroyed.
The Soviet command apparently did not blame Lieutenant-General N. D. Vedeneev for the encirclement and destruction of the 3rd Tank Corps. Vedeneev survived the battle and remained in command. The 3rd Tank Corps was honored by being designated the 9th Guards Tank Corps in November 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="2912027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912027" title="Kalisch">
Kalisch

Kalisch is the German name for Kalisz.
People with the surname Kalisch:

</doc>
<doc id="2912030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912030" title="The Left Banke Too">
The Left Banke Too

The Left Banke Too is the second studio album by the 1960s baroque rock band The Left Banke, released on Smash Records in 1968. It would be the final album of the band's initial lifespan, with their next album not appearing until 1986.
Background.
In between the release of The Left Banke's debut album "Walk Away Renee/Pretty Ballerina" and the making of this album, the original five-piece band had been whittled down to a trio after the departures of songwriter and keyboardist Michael Brown and guitarist Rick Brand. To replace them, the band brought in guitarist Tom Feher, who had written songs with Brown for the group's first album.
Half of "The Left Banke, Too" consisted of tracks that had been issued as singles in the period since the release of the band's debut album in February 1967. "Desirée", released as a single in June 1967, barely scraped into the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at number 98. The band's next two singles, "Dark is the Bark", released in the summer of 1968, and "Goodbye Holly" following in November 1968, both failed to chart. Following the release of the album in November 1968, a fourth and fifth single were issued, "Bryant Hotel" b/w "Give The Man A Hand" and "Nice To See You" b/w "There's Gonna Be A Storm" respectively, but they also failed to chart.
A pre-Aerosmith Steven Tyler, then known as Steve Tallarico, contributed backing vocals to several songs on the album including ‘My Friend Today’ and ‘Dark is the Bark’.
The entire album was at one time available on the 1992 compact disc "", but that compilation went out of print in the mid-1990s. On June 28, 2011, "The Left Banke, Too" was reissued on Sundazed Records, remastered by Bob Irwin.
Chart positions.
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="2912031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912031" title="Grivița Strike of 1933">
Grivița Strike of 1933

The Grivița Strike of 1933 was a railway strike which was started at the Grivița Workshops, Bucharest, Kingdom of Romania in February 1933 by workers of Căile Ferate Române (Romanian Railways). The strike was brought about by the increasingly poor working conditions of railway employees in the context of the worldwide Great Depression, which affected Romania significantly. As the workers occupied the workshops, the Romanian Army surrounded and sieged them. The fighting resulted in the death of 7 workers, including Vasile Roaită, a 19-year old worker whose image was used by the early Communist regime.
Causes.
As the Great Depression affected Romania, in 1932, the government began austerity measures, first reducing the salaries of clerks' salaries, then a reduction of blue collar workers' salaries by 25% and the cancelation of rent allowances. On January 20, 1933, the workers were announced that they would get paid only if they brought proof that they had paid all their taxes for the previous three years. The following day, the workers of the train wagon workshop (who worked under the open sky) were dismissed until the weather improved.
Toward the end of the 1932, the Communists were able to create a "red union" (as opposed to the social-democratic unions that existed throughout the company) led by Panait Bogătoiu and Constantin Doncea, while Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej (who later became the leader of People's Republic of Romania) was coordinating the connection to the Communist Party. Using couriers, Gheorghiu-Dej and Moscu Cohn kept in touch with other similar unions in the Cluj and Iași railway workshops.
Strikes.
The January 28 strike.
On January 28, 1933, the union led by Bogătoiu decided to go striking. Initially, the strike started at the wagon workshop, where it had the support of 700 workers who had just been temporarily dismissed, submitting the employer a list of demands. As soon as they got the news, over 3000 workers from other workshops joined the strike.
The Minister of Communications, Eduard Mirto, entered in the negotiation process between the workers and the Administration Council of the Romanian Railroads. The minister approved all the economic demands of the workers: a minimum wage of 4000 lei and a re-introduction of the rent allowance. The leaders of the social-democratic union announced that they're content with the results of the negotiations.
February 2 strike.
Despite the negotiations between the government and the unions, the situation was not calm at the Grivița workshops. On February 2, 1933, the communist union members spread manifests in the neighbourhoods, in which they announced that they believed that the government would not respect its promises and they asked for the recognition of "factory committees". Out of the 5000 workers, only 200 began working in the morning; soon after, they were convinced to stop, too. The unions announced the new demands: an "inflation allowance", a 40% increase in salaries and the recognition of the factory committees.
As the workshops were surrounded by the gendarmes and the Army, the social-democratic unions announced that they do not support these new demands and they accused the communists of creating unrest in the workers' movement. The authorities refused to negotiate and the workers stopped their strike.
February 15 strike.
On February 12, the factory committees were banned by the government because they resembled the Soviets during the 1917 Russian Revolution, banned all communist unions and enacted the state of emergency. The following day, the communist union secretly organized a factory committee at the railroad workshops made out of 250 workers. On the February 14/15 night, the authorities arrested the main leaders of the union, including Bogătoiu, Doncea and Gheorghiu-Dej.
The following morning, February 15, the workers refused to start working, demanding the release of the arrested union leaders, the recognition of the unions that were disbanded on February 12 and the removal of the state of emergency. The representative of the employer, engineer Atanasiu, refused to discuss with the workers, arguing he will only discuss with the officially-sanctioned social-democratic unions. About 4000 workers barricaded themselves inside the workshops while the Army surrounded them within two hours of the beginning of the strike.
The workshop's siren brought a large crowd of supporters of the strike, among which were the workers of the following shift at the workshop. The crowd began throwing objects toward the police and, according to the government, a gun was used to shoot one street warden. Soon after, a stampede formed and the authorities were able to disperse the crowd.
Army's siege of the workshops.
Early in the morning of February 16, the Army and gendarmes surrounded the workshops, the workers were summoned to surrender, threatening that they'll shoot them unless they surrendered. A few workers did flee the workshop, but most remained inside. According to the government's account, the workers began shooting back. The Army sieged the workshop and within 15 minutes, all the workers surrendered.
The death toll was seven workers (three died on the spot, four in hospital) and 20 workers were wounded; two soldiers were killed. According to the account of Chivu Stoica, who participated in the event, one of the soldiers who died was in fact killed by an officer after pleading to fellow soldiers not to shoot the workers, because they "cannot be the killers of their own brothers".
Among the workers killed by the Army was Vasile Roaită, a 19-year old worker whose image was used by the early Communist regime as a martyr. He was alleged to have been the worker who sounded the siren to announce the strike to the neighbourhood. However, in 1997, another worker, Constantin Negrea, said that he was in fact the worker who sounded it and that in 1944, Gheorghiu-Dej and Chivu Stoica asked him to give up his claim in order that Roaită be a hero after his death.
Sentences.
Gheorghiu-Dej was sentenced to 12 years' forced labour by the courts of the Kingdom of Romania for his role in organising the Grivița strike. He escaped in 1944, and after the installation of the Communist regime in Romania in 1948, became the country's "de facto" ruler as General Secretary of the Romanian Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="2912032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912032" title="Vesa Kanniainen">
Vesa Kanniainen

Vesa Lennart Kanniainen (March 13, 1948-) is a professor of economics at the University of Helsinki.
Biography.
Vesa Kanniainen studied at the London School of Economics in 1972-73, working within macroeconomic theory and monetary economics, topics that he was also teaching as Visiting Assistant Professor at Brown University and Washington State University in 1977-79. Most of his academic life, he has been working at the University of Helsinki. In research, he subsequently moved to dynamic investment models, including tax effects and he started to teach corporate finance. Later, he has given some courses at Uppsala University, University of Munich and at Hamburg University. He is a research fellow at CESifo in Munich.
Other works.
He also writes and publishes short stories and poems:

</doc>
<doc id="2912034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912034" title="Dunsop Bridge">
Dunsop Bridge

Dunsop Bridge is a village within the Ribble Valley borough of Lancashire, England, situated north-west of Clitheroe, south-east of Lancaster and west of Skipton. It is in the civil parish of Bowland Forest High.
It is one of two main contenders for the location of the exact geographic centre of Great Britain. The other town is Haltwhistle in Northumberland, some 71 miles (114 km) to the north. Dunsop Bridge's claim is calculated on the fact that it is the "gravitational centre" of the island (although the exact point is at Whitendale Hanging Stones, near Brennand Farm, north of the village).
In 1992, BT installed its 100,000th payphone at Dunsop Bridge and included a plaque to explain its significance - the plaque reads "You are calling from the BT payphone that marks the centre of Great Britain." The telephone box was unveiled by Sir Ranulph Fiennes. In BT's A1141 list of unique alphabetical Telephone Exchange codes, the code for Dunsop Bridge is DSB.
The Queen has visited Dunsop Bridge twice, once during the late 1980s and more recently in the summer of 2006.
Geography.
The village is located at the confluence of the River Dunsop and the River Hodder before the Hodder flows south to join the River Ribble outside Clitheroe. The bridge from which the village takes its name consists of two simple arches which span the river.
On 8 August 1967, Dunsop Valley entered the UK Weather Records with the "highest 90-min total" rainfall at 117 mm. As of July 2006, this record remains. The village is surrounded on all sides by the rolling hills of the Forest of Bowland and is located within an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. Nearby is the Salter Fell Track, a pass along which the Lancashire Witches are believed to have been taken to their trial at Lancaster Castle.
History.
The rivers formed the easternmost boundary of the territory of Amounderness in the 9th century and are cited in a grant made by King Athelstan to Wulfstan of York in 934 AD.
The area was historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire (until the 1974 reorganisation of local government). From the late 11th century, Dunsop was part of the ancient Lordship of Bowland which comprised a Royal Forest and a liberty of ten manors spanning eight townships and four parishes and covered an area of almost on the historic borders of Lancashire and Yorkshire.
Dunsop Bridge developed into a village in the mid 19th century as a result of lead mining in the area. Before that, there were only a few isolated houses and farms. Thorneyholme House, close to the village centre, was home to John Towneley, 13th Lord of Bowland, in the period up until his death in 1878. Before that, it had been home to Richard Eastwood, a breeder of racehorses and shorthorn cattle. Eastwood was land agent to the Towneleys and the last known Bowbearer of Bowland. He died in 1871 and is buried at St Hubert's, Dunsop Bridge.
In 2009, it was reported that Charles Towneley Strachey, 4th Baron O'Hagan, on behalf of the Towneley family, claimed the title of 15th Lord of Bowland. Previously, the lordship had been thought lost or in the possession of the Crown having disappeared from the historical record in late 19th century. The Towneleys had owned the Bowland Forest Estate from 1835 and it transpired that the title had been retained by an extinct family trust. Lord O'Hagan sold the Lordship of Bowland at auction. The 16th Lord of Bowland was revealed to be a Cambridge University don who specialises in the history of Lancashire, its place names and dialects and has ancestral links to the forest. The 16th Lord made an official visit to the village in April 2011. His Bowbearer, Robert Parker, was in attendance, together with representatives from the Bowland Higher Division Parish Council, the Forest authorities, community leaders and other dignitaries.
St. Hubert's Church.
The Roman Catholic Church church of St. Hubert’s was built to the design of Edward Pugin, from, it is believed, the winnings of the racehorse "Kettledrum" owned by Colonel Charles Towneley of Towneley Hall, Burnley in the 1861 Epsom Derby The Toweneley stud was at Root Farm. The Towneleys' agent and patron of St Hubert's, Richard Eastwood, is entombed outside the front entrance to the church.
The church was opened on 2 May 1865 by Richard Roskell of Roman Catholic Bishop of Nottingham. The medieval font was originally from the ancient church at Burholme near Whitewell. The east and west windows are by J. B. Capronnier of Brussels and date from 1865. In its early years, the church was served by the Jesuit Order, from Stonyhurst.
The middle west window depicts St. Hubert who is the patron saint of hunters, as a huntsman accompanied by a stag. The Forest of Bowland was once a royal hunting forest. According to legend St. Hubert’s conversion to Christianity took place on a Good Friday when, while hunting a stag, he saw a vision of a cross between its antlers and heard a voice telling him to seek instruction in the Christian faith. In 705, he became Bishop of Maastricht, later of Liege.

</doc>
<doc id="2912035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912035" title="Cornus mas">
Cornus mas

Cornus mas (Cornelian cherry, European cornel or dogwood) (Bulgarian: дрян ('dryan'), Greek: Κράνα, Albanian: Thana, "hon", , , ， , , ) is a species of flowering plant in the dogwood family Cornaceae, native to southern Europe (from France to Ukraine), Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Iran, Turkey, Lebanon and Syria.
It is a medium to large deciduous shrub or small tree growing to 5–12 m tall, with dark brown branches and greenish twigs. The leaves are opposite, 4–10 cm long and 2–4 cm broad, with an ovate to oblong shape and an entire margin. The flowers are small (5–10 mm diameter), with four yellow petals, produced in clusters of 10–25 together in the late winter, well before the leaves appear. The fruit is an oblong red drupe 2 cm long and 1.5 cm in diameter, containing a single seed.
Uses.
Fruit.
The berries when ripe on the plant bear a resemblance to coffee berries, and ripen in mid- to late summer. The fruit is edible (mainly consumed in Eastern Europe and Iran), but the unripe fruit is astringent. The fruit only fully ripens after it falls from the tree. When ripe, the fruit is dark ruby red or a bright yellow. It has an acidic flavour which is best described as a mixture of cranberry and sour cherry; it is mainly used for making jam, makes an excellent sauce similar to cranberry sauce when pitted and then boiled with sugar and orange, but also can be eaten dried. In Azerbaijan and Armenia, the fruit is used for distilling vodka, in Albania it is distilled into raki, and in Greece crana berries are used to make home-made liqueur. In Turkey and Iran it is eaten with salt as a snack in summer, and traditionally drunk in a cold drink called "kızılcık şerbeti". Cultivars selected for fruit production in Ukraine have fruit up to four cm long. It is eaten in Eastern Europe in many ways including as a medicine. It is very high in vitamin C and is used to fight colds and flus.
Cornus fruit has a long history of use in traditional Chinese medicine. Known as "shan zhu yu", 山茱萸, it is used to retain the jing, essence, to tonify the kidneys, and in cases of spermatorrhea.
Flowers.
The species is also grown as an ornamental plant for its late winter flowers, which open earlier than those of forsythia, and, while not as large and vibrant as those of the forsythia, the entire plant can be used for a similar effect in the landscape.
Wood.
The wood of "C. mas" is extremely dense, and unlike the wood of most other woody plant species, sinks in water. This density makes it valuable for crafting into tool handles, parts for machines, etc. "Cornus mas" was used from the seventh century BC onward by Greek craftsmen to construct spears, javelins and bows, the craftsmen considering it far superior to any other wood. The wood's association with weaponry was so well known that the Greek name for it was used as a synonym for "spear" in poetry during the fourth and third centuries BC. In Italy, the "mazzarella", "uncino" or "bastone", the stick carried by the "butteri" or mounted herdsmen of the Maremma region, is traditionally made of cornel-wood, there called "crognolo" or "grugnale", dialect forms of .
The red dye used to make fezzes was produced from its bark and tannin is produced from its leaves. 
Garden history.
"Cornus mas", "male" cornel, was named so to distinguish it from the true dogberry, the "female" cornel, "Cornus sanguinea", and so it appears in John Gerard's "Herbal". The shrub was not native to the British Isles. William Turner had only heard of the plant in 1548, but by 1551 he had heard of one at Hampton Court Palace. Gerard said it was to be found in the gardens "of such as love rare and dainty plants" and by the 17th century, the fruits were being pickled in brine or served up in tarts.
The appreciation of the early acid-yellow flowers is largely a 20th-century development. The Royal Horticultural Society gave "Cornus mas" an Award of Garden Merit in 1924. The cultivars 'Golden glory' and 'Variegata' have also gained the award.

</doc>
<doc id="2912037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912037" title="Nordsjællands Veterantog">
Nordsjællands Veterantog

Nordsjællands Veterantog (NSJV) was founded as Helsingør Jernbaneklub in 1958 as a model railway club in Helsingør, Denmark. The club had its ups and downs in the early years, but the big turning point was when it was decided to try and work with scale 1:1. In 1968, the first service was operated and soon the club had turned into a heritage railway rather than a model railway club.
Acitivies soon grew and kept doing so steadily over the years. In 1992 it was decided to reorganise activities, essentially creating a foundation to take care of "business" issues. This foundation is the proper hold of the name Nordsjællands Veterantog, which translations into Heritage Railway of North Zealand. The club was responsible for the maintenance and operations, and this was renamed in 1995 to Nordsjællands Jernbaneklub (Railway Club of North Zealand) in order to match the name of the foundation.
NSJV has never owned their own tracks. Instead, services are operated on regular railway tracks used by operators such as DSB and Lokalbanen. Services run mostly in Northern Zealand, with scheduled services running on weekends and Wednesdays throughout the summer.
Activities are based around two locations: The old station in Græsted is the home of the foundation and the club and also houses maintenance for carriages and diesel locomotives, whereas Rungsted depot is the home of the steam locomotives. Operational locomotives include three steam locomotives, two diesel locomotives, and various shunting and service vehicles. Both depots are now owned by NSJV.
In 2009, restored steam locomotive DSB K-582 entered service after a long project to bring it back to life. It has been restored to the class K look with the new, larger boiler and round dome. While it is still air-braked and thus has a Knorr pump on the side, most components of the air braking system (including the tanks) have been hidden from view to get as close as possible to the vacuum-braked look.
The Rungsted depot is now being prepared for the next major project, the restoration of DSB S-740, which was featured in the James Bond movie Octopussy. Work still continues in the Græsted depot on the GDS 11 locomotive.

</doc>
<doc id="2912039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912039" title="Gunbatsu">
Gunbatsu

Gunbatsu in terms of national policy.
From the formation of the Imperial Japanese Army and Imperial Japanese Navy following the Meiji Restoration, the military had a very strong influence over the civilian government. The early Meiji government viewed Japan as threatened by western imperialism, and one of the prime motivations for the "Fukoku Kyohei" policy was to strengthen Japan's economic and industrial foundations, so that a strong military could be built to defend Japan against outside powers. Almost all leaders in the military were ex"-samurai" or descendents of "samurai", and shared a common set of values and outlooks.
A major factor in the political power of the military was its complete freedom from civilian control, as guaranteed under the Meiji Constitution. In 1878, the Imperial Japanese Army established the Imperial Japanese Army General Staff office, modeled after the Prussian General Staff. This office was independent of, and equal to (and later superior) to the Ministry of War of Japan in terms of authority. The Imperial Japanese Navy soon followed with the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff. These General Staff offices were responsible for the planning and execution of military operations, and reported directly to the emperor. As the Chiefs of the General Staff were not cabinet ministers, they did not report to the Prime Minister of Japan, and were thus completely independent of civilian oversight or control.
The Army and the Navy also had decisive say on the formation of (and survival of) any civilian cabinet. Since the law required that the posts of Army Minister and Navy Minister be filled by active duty officers nominated by their respective services, and since the law also required that the prime minister resign if he could not fill all of his cabinet posts, both the Army and the Navy had final say on the formation of a government, and could bring down the cabinet at any time by withdrawing their minister and refusing to nominate a successor. In actuality, this tactic was used only one time (ironically to prevent General Kazushige Ugaki from becoming prime minister in 1937), the threat always loomed high when the military made any demands on the civilian leadership.
Between 1885 and 1945, generals and admirals held 15 of the 30 premierships, and 115 of the 404 civilian cabinet posts. The military also had a broad political power base via the Imperial Military Reservist’s Association and other political organizations, including nationalist political parties and secret societies.
Gumbatsu in terms of internal issues within the military.
From the time of its formation following the Meiji Restoration, the Japanese military was riven by numerous internal divisions.
Hambatsu.
One of the most serious issues facing the Japanese military was interservice rivalry created by residual feudal sentiments. The Army officer class was dominated by men from the former Chōshū domain, and the Navy was likewise dominated by men from the former Satsuma domain. This created two major issues: Chōshū and Satsuma were historically enemies, and their traditional enmity came to be reflected on the rivalry and lack of cooperation between the two main branches of the Japanese military. Also, with the senior officer class dominated by men who were not hesitant to use nepotism and favoritism, promising young officers from other parts of Japan were denied promotion and their skills and ideas were not heeded. This created tremendous resentment, even leading to the formation of a secret society (The Double Leaf Society) whose avowed goal was to break the Chōshū stranglehold on the Army. It was not until the Taishō period that graduates from the Army Staff College and Imperial Japanese Army Academy began to undermine the Chōshū hold over the Army leadership. 
Washington Naval Treaty.
The Imperial Japanese Navy was slightly more open than the Army in terms of promotion of qualified senior staff. However, the major political issue within the Navy centered around the Washington Naval Treaty of 1923, which split the Navy down in the middle in terms of the pro-Treaty Treaty Faction and anti-Treaty Fleet Faction.
Political Factionalism.
Just as the Army overcame issues with residual feudalism, problems began to arise between rival cliques of officers who claimed to represent the “true will” of the Emperor. In basic terms, these cliques fell under the Imperial Way Faction with many young activists who were strongly supportive of the "hokushin-ron" strategy of a preemptive strike against the Soviet Union and the opposing Control Faction, which sought to impose greater discipline over the Army and war with China as a strategic imperative. Fundamental to both factions, was the common belief that national defense must be strengthened through a reform of national politics. Both factions adopted some ideas from totalitarian, fascist and state socialist political philosophies, and espoused a strong skepticism for political party politics and representative democracy. However, rather than the confrontational approach of the Imperial Way Faction, which wanted to bring about a revolution (the Showa Restoration), the Control Faction foresaw that a future war would be a total war, and would require the cooperation of the bureaucracy and the zaibatsu to maximize Japan’s industrial and military capacity. Although the Control Faction emerged dominate after the February 26 Incident of 1936, elements of both factions continued to dominate Army politics until the surrender of Japan and abolition of the Japanese military in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="2912041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912041" title="List of people from Chester">
List of people from Chester

A list of famous people from Chester.

</doc>
<doc id="2912052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912052" title="Keith Greig">
Keith Greig

Keith Southby Greig MBE (born 23 October 1951) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s and 1980s. Red-haired and pale-skinned, Greig was renowned for his poise and ball handling skills. He could also take spectacular high marks. Greig played for much of his career on the wing, but in later years often played at half back.
Playing career.
Recruited from Brunswick, Greig made his debut for at the age of 19. From the beginning his technical brilliance did not go unnoticed, and he was picked for his first State Representative game after only having played nine senior VFL matches. Greig went on to represent the Big V 12 more times over his career, and was state captain in 1978.
In 1973, he pipped 's Kevin Bartlett to win the Brownlow Medal with 27 votes. In 1974, he became only the eighth player in VFL history to win the Brownlow twice, again with 27 votes, and the fifth player to win it back-to-back. North made it to the 1974 VFL Grand Final, only their second appearance in a Grand Final. Unfortunately they would lose to , but Greig was one of North's best players.<br>
The following year, North finally broke through for their first VFL premiership and again, Greig was among North's best players. Earlier in the year, he had been awarded membership of the Order of the British Empire for his services to football.
With the retirement of Barry Davis, Greig was appointed club captain at the start of the 1976 VFL season. But it was a position he did not relish, and he resigned from the captaincy at the end of 1979, partly as a result of the relationship break down with coach Ron Barassi.
In Round 6 of the 1977 VFL season against , Greig injured his right knee in a collision. After six weeks on the sidelines, he played against but broke down the following week. Greig underwent surgery to repair the ligaments in the knee in July and subsequently missed out on the 1977 premiership. He was named an All-Australian in 1983.
Relationship with Ron Barassi.
To many outside observers, the partnership between Greig as captain and coach Ron Barassi during the 1970s was among the best in the league. But in 2004, Greig revealed in an interview that the relationship became so strained that at the end of 1979 he resigned the captaincy and came close to leaving the club. Although Barassi was known for saying things he later regretted when in an angry mood, one particular insult hurt Greig deeply: "If it wasn't for football you'd be nothing but a shit plumber". (Greig worked as a plumber at a time when footballers had occupations outside of football).
It was not until a meeting at club secretary Ron Joseph's office had been arranged that an agreement between the now ex-captain and coach was reached. As Greig recalled:I told Barassi if he left me alone and let me do my own thing we would be OK. And that's what happened – Barass didn't speak to me for the entire 1980 season and consequently I won the best-and-fairest that year. I had been with him for seven years but by the end of '79 I had become tired of his ways.
Fortunately, Greig and Barassi appeared to be reconciled: Barassi told me later that the 'shit plumber' remark was the worst thing he'd said in footy. We were never good mates, never been close, but we get along OK now. I even went to his testimonial last year, so we're fine now.
Post-football life and honours.
In 1992 Greig returned to North Melbourne as chairman of selectors. He is a life member of North Melbourne, and was selected in the AFL Team of the Century as a wingman. In 1996 Greig was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame. He was also named on the wing in North Melbourne's Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="2912063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912063" title="Bangalore division">
Bangalore division

Bangalore division is one of the four divisions of Karnataka state of India. The division comprises the districts of Bangalore, Bangalore Rural, Chitradurga, Davanagere, Kolar, Shimoga, and Tumkur.

</doc>
<doc id="2912064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912064" title="Steve Martin Caro">
Steve Martin Caro

Carmelo Esteban "Steve" Martin Caro (born October 12, 1948), is an American rock musician who was originally known as Steve Martin during his heyday. He is perhaps best known as the original lead singer of the 1960s baroque pop band The Left Banke. The son of flamenco guitarist/vocalist Sarita Heredia, he added his family surname Caro in the 1980s to avoid confusion with Steve Martin, the comedian-actor of the same name.
With The Left Banke, Caro scored chart hits with "Walk Away Renee," "Pretty Ballerina" and "Desiree" in the 1966-68 period. In addition to providing the lion's share of lead vocals on Left Banke recordings, Caro occasionally made instrumental contributions as well, performing guitar and/or drums on various songs. He was also credited for the track "Love Songs in the Night," written and recorded with Banke members. It appears in the Kama Sutra Records soundtrack for the 1972 adult film "Hot Parts".

</doc>
<doc id="2912067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912067" title="South Malaita Island">
South Malaita Island

South Malaita Island, also known as Small Malaita and Maramasike, is a large island at the southern tip of the larger island of Malaita in the eastern part of the Solomon Islands. It is called "small" to distinguish it from the much larger mainland. It is now part of Malaita Province. During the colonial days, the island was divided by the colonial government and missionary establishments into the "Asimeuri", "Asimae", and "Raroisu'u" districts. Away from Malaita, most people from "Small" or "South" Malaita usually just say the word "South", everyone knows what they mean.
Family and cultural.
People on the island, however, preferred to identify only with members of their extended families, where ties are the strongest, and with members of their clans and tribes, which are governed within traditionally demarcated regions known as iolas. The language spoken by the people of Small Malaita is the Sa'a dialect. The language, however, has variations in pronunciation, grammar and vocabulary from iola to iola. The people practised patrilineal descent, with men having the most say over ownership rights and recognised as head of families, clans and tribes. Women played a much lesser role in the art of governing; however, they were equally respected in society.
Dolphin drive hunting.
According to Malaitian oral history, a Polynesian woman named Barafaifu introduced dolphin drive hunting to Malaita from Ontong Java Atoll, she settled in Fanalei as it was the place for hunting. Dolphin hunting ceased in the mid-19th century. The influence of Christian missionaries is thought to be the cause of the end to hunting. However in 1948 dolphin hunting was revived in Fanalei villege in South Malaita and also Walande, located 10 km to the north as well as at villages on Malaita, including Ata’a, Felasubua, Sulufou (in the Lau Lagoon) and at Mbita’ama harbour (North East Malaita). However, Fanalei in South Malaita remained the preeminent dolphin hunting village. 
The dolphins are hunted both as food with specific species chosen as their teeth have a value in trade and in brideprice ceremonial traditions, funeral feasts and for compensation. The teeth of Melon-headed whale were traditionally the most desirable, however hunting resulted in that species dolphins becoming rare in the ocean off Malaita. The other species hunted are Spinner Dolphin and the Pantropical Spotted Dolphin. While Indo-Pacific Bottlenose Dolphin ("Tursiops aduncus") have been captured for live export, the Bottlenose Dolphin is not hunted as the teeth are not considered to have any value.
In contemporary times only the village in South Malaita have continued to hunt. In 2010, the villages of Fanalei, Walende, and Bitamae signed a MoU with the non-governmental organization, Earth Island Institute, to stop hunting dolphin. However, in early 2013 the agreement broke down and some men in Fanalei resumed hunting. The hunting of dolphin continued in early 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2912084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912084" title="Sydney Secondary College Blackwattle Bay Campus">
Sydney Secondary College Blackwattle Bay Campus

Blackwattle Bay Campus is a government high school in Glebe, New South Wales, Australia. It is the senior campus of Sydney Secondary College. The school was established in 1979 as Glebe High School, with 109 students and 17 staff members, all housed in demountable classrooms. Permanent buildings were built in the early 1980s. In 2002, the school became part of Sydney Secondary College and was renamed Blackwattle Bay Campus.
Since 2005, it is exclusively a senior campus catering for Years 11 and 12. This enables the school to offer one of the largest range of Higher School Certificate courses in Sydney. Unlike the junior campuses, Blackwattle Bay Campus does not have a selective stream and, upon graduating from the junior campuses, selective students are mixed with mainstream students in all classes.
The campus has a sister-school relationship with Malibaca Yamato High School in East Timor, and a volunteer project in community work.
Achievements.
In 2005, Fawad Qaiser became the first student to sit for a Higher School Certificate (HSC) examination using the Auslan sign language. In 2011, Chinese language teacher, Chorng Leu, was awarded a Premier’s Teacher Scholarship to undertake an international study tour.
First in Course.
A number of Blackwattle Bay students have been awarded first place in the state in an HSC course:
Sports.
The school has sports that are compulsory for all year 11 students, including rowing which can be done in the morning or afternoon.
Blackwattle Bay is on the waterfront, and accordingly offers both rowing and kayaking as sporting options, a unique feature of the sporting curriculum that sets it apart from other urban Sydney high schools.
A wide range of sports are available at Blackwattle Bay Campus. A student has the choice to participate in badminton, soccer, basketball, netball, baseball, football, table tennis, fitness walking, tennis, rockclimbing, swimming or softball
Students with disabilities participate in an annual state athletics carnival that can lead to selection in the Australian team for the Paralympic Games.
History.
Prior to 2002, Blackwattle Bay Campus was known as Glebe High School and held classes for students from Year 7 through to Year 12. Student enrolments increased significantly when the school was transformed into a senior campus.
In 2012, local resident Robert Brand, his son Jason Brand, together with students from Leichhardt Public School and the senior students at the Blackwattle Bay Campus, launched and tracked a balloon into near space as a science project. The balloon reached approximately 25km before it burst.

</doc>
<doc id="2912086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912086" title="Simion Bărnuțiu">
Simion Bărnuțiu

Simion Bărnuțiu (; 21 July 1808 – 28 May 1864) was a Transylvanian-born Romanian historian, academic, philosopher, jurist, and liberal politician. A leader of the 1848 revolutionary movement of Transylvanian Romanians, he represented its Eastern Rite Catholic wing. Bărnuțiu lived for a large part of his life in Moldavia, and was for long a professor of philosophy at Academia Mihăileană and at the University of Iași.
Biography.
Early activities.
Born in Bocșa (), Szilágy County, Transylvania. He became a teacher of history at the secondary school in Blaj, which was at the time, like the rest of Transylvania, part of the Austrian Empire. Bărnuțiu was influenced early-on by the philosophy of Immanuel Kant ("Kantianism"), in which he saw the means to reform society in opposition to traditional theological views, while supporting a presence of laity in the administrative structures of his own church. An active contributor to "Foaie pentru minte, inimă și literatură", the literary supplement of George Barițiu's journal "Gazeta de Transilvania", he became noted after 1842 for virulently opposing the decision of the Magyar-dominated Transylvanian Diet to give Hungarian a status of a semi-official language in local administration of Transylvania("see History of Transylvania").
On March 24, 1848, Bărnuțiu issued one in a series of appeals by various authors, calling for self-determination of Romanians inside Transylvania, viewing it as a necessary step in matching Magyar success in obtaining rights from Emperor Ferdinand I, and professing that Romanians should reject the projected union of the region with the Kingdom of Hungary until ensured proportional representation and the official condemnation of serfdom.
Blaj Assemblies and National Committee.
The Blaj Assembly convened in April on the basis of such proclamations gathered together intellectuals, clergy, and commoners.
Bărnuțiu gave several speeches in front of the Assembly, calling for patience and moderation while continuing to campaign against all unilateral change in Transylvania's government and disagreeing with more skeptical political leaders, such as Bariț and Andrei Șaguna, and finally being persuaded to include an oath of allegiance to the Emperor in his political strategy. Just before the Second Assembly in May, he agreed to moderate his tone further, taking in view the points made by Bariț in regard to the fragile situation facing Romanians in the region, and partly reformulated his program on self-determination. On May 17, he was elected vicepresident of the "Permanent Committee" formed by Blaj delegates as a supervising body (one presided by Șaguna), later the basis of the "National Romanian Committee".
The rapid succession of events after the proclamation of Transylvania's union with the Hungarian Kingdom (July 11) and of Hungary's independence (September 27), with an Austrian military debacle in Transylvania, saw a rapprochement between the loyalist Austrian Anton Freiherr von Puchner, nominal governor of the region, and Bărnuțiu's Committee. From the Committee's perspective, this was an Austrian recognition of Transylvania's self-government as a Romanian region, which was to be advanced to the new emperor Franz Josef.
In Moldavia and Romania.
After Imperial Russian intervention in Transylvania, he decided to go into exile, and settled in Iași, Moldavia's capital. He wrote several treaties on law and philosophy (including a passionate defense of Roman law), and, before and after the union of the Danubian Principalities under "Domnitor" Alexandru Ioan Cuza advocated radical reforms which were a direct inspiration to the Moldavian liberal dissidents grouped as "Fracțiunea liberă și independentă". In the 1850s, Bărnuțiu wrote against the popular project of electing a foreign prince as ruler of the Principalities, an opposition which "Fracțiunea" carried into the Constituent Assembly following the toppling of Cuza two years after Bărnuțiu's death. "Junimea", a conservative literary society created during that period, criticized him along with other Transylvanian intellectuals (such as Timotei Cipariu, Gheorghe Șincai, and August Treboniu Laurian) for having supported a Romanian grammar and alphabet based on Latin etymologies instead of one reflecting the spoken language (at the time, "Latinist" influences following Transylvanian guidelines had come to be favoured by the Romanian Academy).
After having fallen gravely ill, Simion Bărnuțiu asked to be allowed to return to his native village. He died on the way there, in Hida.

</doc>
<doc id="2912088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912088" title="Belgaum division">
Belgaum division

Belgaum Division is one of the four divisions of Karnataka state of India. The division comprises the districts of Bagalkot, Belgaum, Bijapur, Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri, and Uttara Kannada. It covers a geographical area of and had a population of 13,042,163 at the 2001 census. The population density of the division was . Hubli and Belgaum are the largest cities in the division.

</doc>
<doc id="2912090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912090" title="Tom Finn">
Tom Finn

Thomas Joseph "Tom" Finn is a founding member of the 1960s baroque rock group the Left Banke.
After the Left Banke disbanded, Finn went on to become an engineer at Bell Sound Studios as well as working with jazz drummer Buddy Rich at Rich's night club Buddy's Place as stage manager and MC. 
In 1982 Studio 54 owner Steve Rubell convinced Finn to try his hand as a DJ. This led to Finn working at NY clubs such as The Palladium, The Red Zone, and Au Bar. In the 1990s Finn began working as a DJ for private events, resulting in his own company, Topspin Entertainment.
Finn was the DJ for the White House Millennium Gala, hosted by President Bill Clinton and Hillary Rodham Clinton. In 2006, he appeared in the November issue of "Town & Country" magazine in a five-page spread called "The Party Masters". Finn was featured in a "The New York Times" (December 16, 2006) article "The D.J. Who Moves the Movers and Shakers".

</doc>
<doc id="2912093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912093" title="Gulbarga division">
Gulbarga division

Gulbarga division is one of the four divisions of karnataka state of India. The division comprises the districts of Bellary, Bidar, Gulbarga, Koppal, Yadgir, and Raichur. The city of Gulbarga serves as the administrative headquarters of the division.

</doc>
<doc id="2912101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912101" title="Graça Aranha">
Graça Aranha

José Pereira da Graça Aranha (June 21, 1868 – January 26, 1931) was a Brazilian writer and diplomat, considered to be a forerunner of the Modernism in Brazil. He was also one of the organizers of the Brazilian Modern Art Week of 1922.
He founded and occupied the 38th chair of the Brazilian Academy of Letters from 1897 until his death in 1931. However, he would break all his relations with the Academy in 1924, accusing it of being "old-fashioned".
Life.
Graça Aranha was born in São Luís, to a rich and cultured family, son of journalist Temístocles da Silva Maciel Aranha and Maria da Glória da Graça. He was a prodigy, having completed his secondary studies when 13 years old, and went to study Law in Recife. He graduated with honours in 1886 and travelled to the South to work. He became a judge in "Porto do Cachoeiro", a village in the backlands of the state of Espírito Santo. This experience was used by him in one of his best known novels, "Canaã", a great editorial success in 1902. The novel explored the conflicts of the Brazilian immigrants. According to author Raymond Leslie Williams:
Without having published any books, Graça Aranha was invited to be one of the 40 founding members of the Brazilian Academy of Letter in 1897, by Machado de Assis, Joaquim Nabuco and Lúcio de Mendonça.
In 1900, he was admitted to the Foreign Service as a career diplomat. He worked as such for the next 20 years. While he was stationed in Paris, France, he wrote another success in 1911, the theater drama "Malazarte". He retired as a diplomat in 1919 and returned to Brazil in 1921.
Graça Aranha sponsored modernism in the letters and arts and had several personality clashes with the traditionalists at the Academy, headed by writer Coelho Neto. He allied himself to other budding modernists of São Paulo and organized the revolutionary Week of Modern Art in February 1922. He opened the week under booing of an hostile audience, with a conference titled "The aesthetic emotion in modern art".
Shortly before the "Week", Graça Aranha published in 1921 an influential theoretical essay, "Estética da Vida" ("An Aesthetics of Life"), where he analysed the relationship of Brazilian soul with nature, a recurrent theme at the time. He argued that the three main races had formed the "soul" or essence of the Brazilian people by adding three basic emotions to culture: the Portuguese's melancholy, African childishness and "cosmic terror", and the Indians' "metaphysics of terror", or the use of ghosts. He proposed that Brazilian culture should strive to achieve a new relationship to nature, based on the incorporation of such feelings into art and by overcoming the ethnic differences by means of an integration between the I and the cosmos.
Due to his participation, Graça Aranha was ostracised in the Academy, but he persisted, to the point even that on June 19, 1924 he stated in a conference, titled "The modern spirit" at the Academy, that its creation had been an error. A few months later, on October 18, he resigned from the Academy. In the same year, he founded with "Renato Almeida" a modernist literature review and magazine, "Movimento Brasileiro", which lasted until just after his death.
His last novel, published in 1929 was "A Viagem Maravilhosa" (The Marvelous Journey), which was not so well received by the critics. He also wrote an incomplete autobiography, which was published posthumously in 1931.
After his death, a group of intellectuals and friends established the Graça Aranha Foundation, a project which was devised by him. One of the Foundation's aims was to award prized in the arts and literature to distinguished Brazilians who excelled in these fields. Among the most famous awardees were writers Rachel de Queiroz, José Lins do Rego, Érico Verissimo, Clarice Lispector, "Lêdo Ivo" and "Alphonsus de Guimaraens Filho". The Foundation, which was maintained by "Nazareth Prado", closed down only a year later, when funds for awarding prizes were exhausted.

</doc>
<doc id="2912108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912108" title="Lady Sun">
Lady Sun

Lady Sun, known as Sun Shangxiang in Chinese opera and contemporary culture, was a noble lady who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty. She was a daughter of Sun Jian and a younger sister of the warlords Sun Ce and Sun Quan, who laid the foundation for the state of Eastern Wu in the Three Kingdoms period. She was wed to the warlord Liu Bei sometime in 209 as Liu's third wife, supposedly to strengthen an alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan. However, around 211, she returned to Sun Quan's domain when Liu Bei left Jing Province (covering present-day Hubei and Hunan) and travelled to Yi Province (covering present-day Sichuan and Chongqing).
Life.
Lady Sun was the only daughter of Sun Jian and Lady Wu. She had four brothers who were also born to Lady Wu – Sun Ce, Sun Quan, Sun Yi and Sun Kuang. Her personal name was not recorded in history.
Sometime in 209, Lady Sun married the warlord Liu Bei to strengthen an alliance between Liu Bei and Sun Quan. The marriage probably took place at Gong'an (公安; present-day Gong'an County, Hubei), and Lady Sun was sent there to marry Liu Bei because Liu was serving as the Governor (牧) of Jing Province then and his provincial capital was at Gong'an. Lady Sun was known to be wise and shrewd, and tough and fierce in character, very much like her brother Sun Quan. She had more than a hundred female servants, all of whom carried swords and stood guard outside her room. Whenever Liu Bei entered her room, he felt a chill in his heart. Liu Bei was also suspicious and fearful of Lady Sun. Liu Bei's adviser Zhuge Liang once said, "When our lord (Liu Bei) was in Gong'an, he was wary of Cao Cao's influence in the north, feared Sun Quan's presence in the east, even in home territory he was afraid that Lady Sun might stir up trouble."
Around 211, when Liu Bei left Jing Province on a campaign to attack the warlord Liu Zhang in Yi Province (covering present-day Sichuan and Chongqing) while Lady Sun remained in Jing Province. Liu Bei knew that his general Zhao Yun was a serious and orderly person, so he specially put Zhao in charge of internal affairs (in Jing Province). When Sun Quan heard that Liu Bei had travelled to Yi Province, he sent a ship to fetch his sister back to his domain. Lady Sun attempted to bring Liu Bei's son Liu Shan, who was born to Liu Bei's first wife Lady Gan, with her back to Sun Quan's territory. However, Liu Bei's generals Zhao Yun and Zhang Fei led their men to intercept her on the way and retrieved Liu Shan. Nothing was recorded in history about what happened to Lady Sun after she returned home.
Names.
Other names of Lady Sun include:
In fiction.
Lady Sun appears as a character in the historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" by Luo Guanzhong, which romanticises the historical events before and during the Three Kingdoms period. In the novel, her name was "Sun Ren" (孫仁) – possibly a corruption of her name "Sun Renxian" (孫仁獻) as recorded in the historical text "Hanjin Chunqiu" (漢晉春秋). In the novel, she is depicted as a very fiery and determined woman; however, the footnotes of the novel state that she was considered a handful to deal with and Liu Bei's followers had to keep an eye on her to make sure she did not run amok.
See the following for some fictitious stories in "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" involving Lady Sun:
Modern references.
Lady Sun is one of the first female playable characters to make a debut in Koei's "Dynasty Warriors" video game series. She also appears in "Warriors Orochi", a crossover between "Dynasty Warriors" and "Samurai Warriors". She is referred to as "Sun Shang Xiang" in the first seven instalments in the series, and as "Sun Shangxiang" from the eighth instalment onwards.
In Koei's "Kessen 2" she is named "Sun Li" and is one of Liu Bei's many love interests.
Chinese actress Zhao Wei portrayed Sun Shangxiang in the 2008 Chinese epic war film "Red Cliff" directed by John Woo. In the first part, she and her all-female bodyguards lured Cao Cao's troops into an ambush. In the second part, she infiltrates Cao Cao's camp and draws a map of the enemy formation.
Lady Sun is referenced in the game and anime series "Koihime Musō" in which she is named "Sonshōkō" (or "Shaoren"). She charges out of the kingdom to fight against the Hongo Faction who are falsely accused for betraying the Go faction. After being captured by Hongo Faction and clearing up the misunderstanding, she likes Kazuto and enjoys playing around with him.

</doc>
<doc id="2912113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912113" title="Lose My Breath">
Lose My Breath

"Lose My Breath" is a song by the American group Destiny's Child. It was written by Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III, Sean Garrett, and Shawn Corey "Jay-Z" Carter for the group's fourth studio album, "Destiny Fulfilled" (2004). Columbia Records released "Lose My Breath" as the first single from the album in late 2004. The song was partially developed by Jerkins before being presented to Destiny's Child and its chorus was afterwards written by Jay-Z.
An uptempo R&B and dance song, "Lose My Breath" has a marching, military percussion-led instrumentation with different sound effects in its backing track. It received positive reviews from music critics who generally praised the song's melody and instrumentation. The track further received a Grammy Awards nomination in the category for Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo Or Group. "Lose My Breath" was commercially successful peaking at number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and reaching the top spot on many charts in Europe as well as appearing in the top ten in almost every chart.
The single's music video directed by Marc Klasfeld and filmed in Los Angeles, California, featured Destiny's Child performing dance choreographies as three different characters. The song was performed during Destiny's Child's tour Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It and on numerous televised appearances and awards ceremonies.
Background and release.
"Lose My Breath" was written by Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland, Michelle Williams, Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, Fred Jerkins, Sean Garrett, LaShawn Daniels and Jay-Z. The production of the song was handled by Jerkins, Beyoncé, Rowland and Garrett. Record producer Jerkins, who had previously collaborated with the group for "Say My Name" (2000), had worked on "Lose My Breath" without informing Destiny's Child. Beyoncé and Williams heard the drum instrumentation of the track and they enjoyed it with the latter feeling that the song was nothing like the mainstream radio sound. They went to their band mate Kelly Rowland presenting the song. Alongside Jerkins, the group asked for help from American rapper Jay-Z who immediately created a chorus including the lines "Can you keep up" without hearing the track. The group took his chorus and wrote the verses and bridge around it. During an interview with "Complex", Garrett recalled the time he worked with Williams on the song, saying, "There was so much magic going on in the studio. We probably recorded all the songs in about a month and every day it was a new song coming out. 'Lose My Breath' was towards the latter part of the album and that was an amazing song that we felt could not only be big on the radio but big with bands and marching bands. I was on a natural high after that."
Following the three-year hiatus of the group, "Lose My Breath" was considered as their comeback release. It premiered on September 9, 2004 on AOL Music. The single was released to markets in different dates. On October 29, 2004, a maxi single was released in Australia, featuring the album version of the track, two remixes and a new song "Why You Actin'". In the US, the single was released in different version; "Lose My Breath" itself was available for digital purchase on October 5, 2004. On November 2, it was released along with "Soldier" and "Game Over" separately, the former being an EP with several remixes of "Lose My Breath" being also available. A dance mixes EP was released on December 7, while a Remix 2 Pak containing two remixes by Peter Rauhofer was released on August 16, 2005. The song was included on the group's compilation albums "#1's" (2005) and "" (2012).
Composition.
"Lose My Breath" is an uptempo R&B and dance song with elements of dancehall music. It is performed with a brightdance beat and a tempo of 120 beats per minute. The song is set in common time, composed in the key of E major with the vocal elements spanning from the low note of C4 to the high note of D5. The band members' vocals in "Lose My Breath" were described as "breathy". The song features fast snare drum sequences, choppy beats with hand-clappy percussion, cymbal crashes and itchy hi-hats, creating a military sound reminiscent to a drumline of a marching band. The opening drum sequence is sampled from the drumline of "Taps" performed by the University of Michigan Marching Band. Synthesizer blips are also utilized in the song's melody. Along with those instruments, the complex backing track of the song uses various sound effects such as ripple of claps, stomps, thumps, snare rolls and gasps.
Lyrically, the female protagonists challenge their male "suitors" to keep up instead of being full of empty promises; the women further feel that "He's not fulfilling you like he says". Williams further explained the meaning of the song during an interview with MTV News, "We've had experiences with men doing a lot of talking but they can’t back it up. You said you could do this, but you can't, whether that's on the dance floor or wherever else. He said what he could do for you, but..." The lyrics are constructed in the chorus-verse pattern. The song opens with the lines "Hit me" and the first verses sang by Beyoncé follow: "I put it right there made it easy for you to get to / Now you want to act like you don't know what to do". The chorus follows during which the group repeatedly sings the lines "Can you keep up?". Rowland's second verses follow where she sings the lines "Put it on me deep in the right direction". The chorus is repeated twice before the bridge by Williams. After the bridge, the group sings the lines "Here's your papers, baby you are dismissed" letting their man know that he is not good enough for them. Rowland sings a short ad lib, and then the trio ends with a repeated chorus. Nick Reynolds from BBC compared the song Missy Elliott's "Pass That Dutch" and to songs by The Supremes. He further found a name check of Public Enemy's "Bring the Noise".
Critical reception.
Jenny Eliscu of "Rolling Stone" referred to "Lose My Breath" a "sweat-soaked" track and a "percussive sex romp" where Destiny's Child "pant in time to a marching-band beat." Nick Reynolds of the BBC called the military drumming of the "fantastic" track "exciting" and its keyboard stabs "nasty". A writer for "Vibe" hailed it as a "pounding, animalistic piece of music - as urgent as a war cry" with a "thunderous tribal beat". In an album review of "Destiny Fulfilled", Tom Sinclair of "Entertainment Weekly" felt that "Lose My Breath" opened the record with "a brisk enough start" and concluded, "While it's no 'Bootylicious,' it's got more nervous energy and verve than almost anything else here.". A writer of "Billboard" magazine felt that the song was "love's exhilarating start". Kelefa Sanneh of "The New York Times" described it as "suitably calisthenic". AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine considered the song to be an album highlight. Eric Henderson of Slant Magazine called the song a "thigh-snapper" and said it responsible for the "increased use of paradiddling drumsticks as sex toys". In his review, Alex MacPherson of Stylus Magazine chose the song as one of the album's best and wrote, 
It ["Destiny Fulfilled"] shoots its load quickly, although just as effectively: "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier" are stunning, both displaying the Beyoncé trademark of creepily submissive lyrics matched with dominatrix vocals and arrangements to superb effect. The former kicks off with a martial beat and a call of "hit me!" which sounds like a military command, and proceeds to put you through a series of moves without pause for breath, Beyoncé and her minions cracking the whip every time you even think of flagging.
"The A.V. Club"s Andy Battaglia felt that "Lose My Breath" gave the album an "opening charge by way of a raucous marching-band beat and panting attempts to squeeze a lot of words into closing musical corners". Caroline Sullivan of "The Guardian" described the song as "fantastic, legs-in-the-air". Paul Flynn of the same publication wrote that it "further relegated the other members of Destiny's Child to the position of Beyoncé's backing singers". Tom Breihan of Pitchfork Media who complimented Jerkin's "incredible" drum programming and the "mind-boggling" backing track felt that it lacked a tune: "The vocals are too breathy, too whiny, and too processed, and the song's one thrilling moment-- near the end, where the harmonies get a bit of room to play off each other with Abba-esque rococo aplomb-- lasts only for a second." "Los Angeles Times" writer Natalie Nichols deemed its production "nifty" with a "rat-a-tat drum line percussion propelling" but felt that it contained a single hook expanded into an entire song. Lindsey Weber from Vulture criticized Williams' contribution to the bridge, describing it as "weak".
Recognition and accolades.
In 2005, "Lose My Breath" was nominated in the category for Best R&B Vocal Performance by a Duo Or Group at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards. At the 23rd Annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards, "Lose My Breath" was recognized as one of the Most Performed Songs in 2005. Sean Garrett song won a BMI Urban Award at the 2006 BMI Awards for the song. Clem Bastow from Stylus Magazine put "Lose My Breath" at number ten on his list Top Ten Drum Beats You Are Powerless To Resist. He wrote, "Rodney Jerkins' masterstroke of a production technique... propels this... penultimate... Destiny’s Child gem into the stratosphere". The song was ranked at number 39 in the annual Pazz & Jop mass critics poll of the year's best in music in 2004. In 2013, Weber from Vulture included "Lose My Breath" at number 19 on her list of the 25 best songs by the group.
Chart performance.
"Lose My Breath" entered the top ten of the "Billboard" Hot 100 prior to its physical release debuting at number 30 for the week ending October 2, 2004. The next week it moved to number 12 due to being the fastest-growing song on the radio. After its release as a single, "Lose My Breath" moved from number four to number three on November 6 which also became its peak position making it Destiny's Child's ninth top ten single. Staying at the third spot for four weeks, the single enjoyed a total of 23 weeks charting. Similarly, "Lose My Breath" performed well on other "Billboard" charts in the US; it peaked at number one on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart for the week ending January 8, 2005 and numbers three and ten on the Mainstream Top 40 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs respectively. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on April 28, 2005 for shipment of 500,000 copies in the US.
"Lose My Breath" was also successful in different European charts. On the UK Singles Chart, the song debuted at number two on November 13, 2004, a spot which also became its peak position in that country. It remained at the second place for three consecutive weeks, within the top ten for seven consecutive weeks and spent a total of eleven weeks on the chart. As of July 2013, "Lose My Breath" has sold 330,000 copies in that country. The single topped the Ultratop chart in the Flanders region of Belgium, the singles charts in Ireland, Italy and Switzerland. It was certified Gold by the Belgian Entertainment Association (BEA) and the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) in Switzerland for sales of 25,000 and 20,000 copies in the countries respectively. "Lose My Breath" also entered the top ten in ten other countries across Europe. In Germany, it became the band's best-charting single, reaching number three on the singles chart. "Lose My Breath" further peaked at number one on the European Hot 100 Singles chart for the week ending December 4, 2004 spending four consecutive weeks on top since the end of 2004.
Across Oceania, the single had similar reception debuting at number five on the ARIA Charts in Australia on November 15, 2004. It peaked at number three, three weeks after its debut and stayed at that position for another week. "Lose My Breath" remained on the chart for a total of 17 weeks being seen for the last time at number 43 on March 6, 2005. The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) awarded the single with a Platinum certification for shipment of 70,000 copies in that region. On the New Zealand Singles Chart, the single debuted at number 16 on November 15, 2004. It spent seven weeks there peaking at number four in its fourth week of charting, on November 29.
Music video.
The music video for "Lose My Breath" was directed by Marc Klasfeld and was shot in Los Angeles, California on October 8, 2004. Destiny's Child had dance rehearsals for the video in late September and continued the following month. During the rehearsals, Beyoncé tore her right hamstring, while overdoing the choreography. Following the injury, she was advised by a specialist to avoid dancing and other physical activities for a week; MTV News further reported that the injury could further postpone the filming of the video. However, the next week, the group revealed in an interview with the publication that the video would be filmed as originally planned as Beyoncé's leg healed fast. She said, "My leg was actually a blessing in disguise because it gave us more time to prepare for the video". Speaking about the concept of the video, Beyoncé revealed 
It's really a dance-off between a more sophisticated 'in-fashion' Destiny's Child versus a more 'street' Destiny's Child. And in the end a third Destiny's Child even more fierce takes over. It's a lot of hard work for us because we have to learn three routines for the same song. People will be shocked because it's different for us. They've never seen us really dance. 
The video mainly takes place in an alleyway, where the members of Destiny's Child are having a dance-off. As the song opens, it begins with Beyoncé, Williams and Rowland walking, representing the "fierce Destiny's Child" dressed in stilettos and fur. It transitions to the group being dressed in-fashion with red burgundy suits as they meet their identical street-styled, hip hop copies with hoodies and Timberland boots, starting to perform a dance-off; the camera focuses on each member of the group performing a separate choreography with their rival in front of them during their solo lines. As the song progresses, Beyoncé, Williams and Rowland are joined by other male and female dancers at the start of the song's chorus. During her lines, Rowland performs a dance sequence with two male dancers. Following the song's bridge, the two different groups head towards another place where they are welcomed by more dancers and their third "fierce" rivals appear for the final chorus. The video ends in the same way it opened, with the "fierce" group members walking.
"Lose My Breath" premiered on MTV's "Total Request Live" ("TRL"). The video debuted on the video program on October 26, 2004 at number eight remaining for 36 days. On Muchmusic's Top 30 countdown, the video debuted on November 6 at number 26. It peaked at number seven on January 15 and January 22, and charted for 12 weeks. The music video was nominated for the Best Dance Video category at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to Missy Elliott's "Lose Control". The music clip also featured on the DualDisc editions of the albums "#1's" and "Destiny Fulfilled" as well as on the bonus DVD of the "Destiny Fulfilled" Tour edition. Jess Harvell of the website Pitchfork Media criticized the "weird mink stole" Beyoncé wore in the video. A writer of "People" felt that the group borrowed from their old looks for their outfits in the video "glammed up in stilettos and fur".
Live performances.
On October 25, 2004, the group performed "Lose My Breath" during the Radio Music Awards in Las Vegas, Nevada starting with an a cappella jazz harmony. Destiny's Child appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in November 2004 where they closed their performance with a rendition of the song. In 2005, the trio appeared on "Total Request Live" ("TRL") and performed "Lose My Breath" and "Say My Name".
In 2005, the song was part of the set list of the group's tour Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It where it was performed during the concert's encore. The singers wore white T-shirts and jeans and during the end of the performance went under cascading water on stage. While reviewing a show by the group in the UK, Adenike Adenitire writing for MTV News found the performance to be somehow casual: "It was like watching three young girls and their friends practicing their moves at a slumber party. It was a perfect note of DC harmony to end a night that celebrated both the group and the individuals within it." The song was included on the track listing of the group's live album "" (2006) chronicling a concert from the tour. Beyoncé performed "Lose My Breath" at the 2007 Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo on March 15 as part of a Destiny's Child medley during the concert.
Cover versions and usage in media.
Rihanna, Teairra Marí and Amerie performed "Lose My Breath" at the 2005 World Music Awards on August 31 as a tribute to Destiny's Child. Starting with the Christmas Day 2004 Miami Heat-Los Angeles Lakers telecast, ABC used the song as the music for their introductory montage for the 2004 NBA Playoffs. The song was used through the rest of the regular season, and through the first few weeks of the 2005 NBA Playoffs.
Credits and personnel.
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of "Destiny Fulfilled".
Certifications.
!scope="col" colspan="3"| Ringtone

</doc>
<doc id="2912122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912122" title="Say My Name">
Say My Name

"Say My Name" is a song by American recording group Destiny's Child. It was written by band members Beyoncé Knowles, LeToya Luckett, LaTavia Roberson and Kelly Rowland along with LaShawn Daniels, Fred Jerkins III and Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins for their second album "The Writing's on the Wall" (1999), featuring production by the latter.
The song was the third single from the album and marked the introduction of the band's second lineup featuring newly added members Michelle Williams and Farrah Franklin. The single is the most successful of the four releases from the album and is considered to be one of their signature songs.
A critical success, "Say My Name" won two Grammy Awards at the 2001 ceremony, including Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and Best R&B Song. The song's music video won the 2000 MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video. It also captured a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best R&B/Soul Single, Group, Band or Duo along with a BMI Pop Award for Most Played Song. In October 2011, "NME" placed it at number 58 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years" and "Pitchfork Media" placed it at number 131 on its "The Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s".
Background and writing.
"Say My Name" marked the group's first collaboration with American producer-songwriter Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, who was one out of several people hired to work with Destiny's Child on their second album. When they wrote the song however, lead singer Beyoncé Knowles was initially displeased with the track they were working on. She commented that there was "too much stuff" on the track and it sounded like a "jungle". During the photo shoot for the album, Beyoncé's father-manager Mathew Knowles went to the studio informing her that Jerkins reworked on the track she "hated". Her dad told her to "just have to take a listen to it". When the new mix was played to group, they liked it to the extent they could not "focus on anything".
Lyrically, "Say My Name" features a female protagonist calling her lover on the phone, and suspecting him of cheating. She asks him to "say her name". The young man hesitates, and the narrator believes it's because he doesn't want the girl he's cheating on her with to know who she is. Jerkins supported the song's lyrics with a backing track that shifts back and forth in dynamics, steadily bringing different elements, including syncopated, 808 drum programming, synthesized strings, and 1970s-style wah-wah guitar licks, in and out of the mix. Knowles sings lead on the verses and bridge and leads the melody of the chorus with Kelly Rowland adding the second part harmony. Former member LeToya Luckett sings the high harmony on the second chorus. LaTavia Roberson sings second part harmony with Beyoncé on the pre-chorus and sings the bottom harmony late in the second chorus. Jody Rosen from "The New Yorker" credited Knowles' slippery rap-style syncopations in the song for giving a new sound that didn't exist in the world before her. He further wrote, "If they sound 'normal' now, it's because Beyoncé, and her many followers, have retrained our ears."
Release and performance.
Released as the album's third single in the United States on November 7, 1999, "Say My Name" spawned several remixes which were issued alongside the original version. The two most notable alternate versions are a remix by Timbaland, which features different vocals, lyrics and a guest appearance from singer Static Major & Timbaland; and the "Nitro Remix", which uses the original vocals over a bass music-styled backing track. The Maurice remixes contain additional re-recorded vocals by Knowles, Luckett, Roberson, and Rowland, arranged by Maurice Joshua.
On December 12, 1999, "Say My Name" debuted at number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and reached its peak position twelve weeks later after scanning 134,000 physical singles during its first week at retail, taking longer than any other Destiny's Child number-one single to reach the summit. The song also reached the top of both the Hot 100 Airplay and the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart for three weeks in 2000. The song spent thirty-two weeks on the Hot 100 and was one of the top ten best-selling CD-singles of the year in the US. It is actually the group's third biggest-selling single in their homeland after "No, No, No" and "Bills, Bills, Bills" and was also their third gold RIAA certified single.
In the United Kingdom, it became the group's biggest hit up to that point: It peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart and sold over 190,000 copies. The song also scored Destiny's Child their first number one in Asia. This single enabled the group to break through the Asian market, when R&B music was just beginning to get strong airplay. In the Philippines, it was the longest number one single by an R&B girl group, topping the charts for seven weeks. In Australia, it was the second recording ever by an R&B group to reach number one on the ARIA Singles chart behind TLC's "No Scrubs" and helped propel "The Writing's on the Wall" to multi-platinum success.
Music video.
Conflict among members of the group arose in December 1999 following allegations that the group's manager and lead singer Knowles' father Mathew Knowles was withholding group profits from members Luckett and Roberson. Luckett and Roberson then allegedly asked Knowles for more money; they were dismissed and in January 2000 Knowles recruited new members Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams to replace both without signed members' consent or knowledge. The video for "Say My Name" was then filmed in late January 2000 with little time for the new members to learn the choreography. The video premiered on February 15, 2000, featuring Franklin and Williams alongside Knowles and Rowland, and debuted on MTV and BET simultaneous to the publication of a press release announcing the lineup change. Luckett and Robersons' vocals still appear on the song, despite their absence from the video. Franklin and Williams' vocals are not included on the track.
The video, directed by Joseph Kahn, features the four members along with two female and one male dancer singing and dancing in color-coded sets resembling apartment living rooms. Knowles is featured in orange clothes to match her equally orange room. Rowland is depicted in a blue room, while Franklin is featured in a red room and Williams in a white room. After the first verse and the chorus, the girls, along with furniture from their respective color-coded sets, switch rapidly between the other members' sets. Soon after the second verse, all girls gather in a garage-like room complete with cars and Destiny's Child in black leather pants and orange tops and all of the dancers, dressed in black, from the video.
LeToya Luckett and LaTavia Roberson stated they did not know they were out of the group until seeing the "Say My Name" video, and in March 2000 they filed suit against Beyonce Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and manager Mathew Knowles for what they saw as a plot to ruin Luckett and Roberson's careers. By the end of the year, Luckett and Roberson decided to drop their former bandmates as co-defendants, but continued to pursue action against Mathew.
Cover versions.
In 2001, Australian alternative rock band Sick Puppies made a cover version of "Say My Name". Characterized by turntable samples and heavy Flea-esque bass lines, this song was planned to be featured on their 2001 debut album "Welcome to the Real World". The band uses the song "Brain Stew" by Green Day as the background music. However, due to a lawsuit threat from Destiny's Child's label, this song was excluded from the album. The melody of the song was changed to the minor version of the original, which only has several repetitions of the chorus. This version contains additional lyrics with coarse language; for example, the chorus invariably ends with ""You're acting kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby/So what the fuck?"" The band performed the song live on their 2009-2010 tour.
In 2007, the Chapel Hill indie rock band, Superchunk, released a cover of "Say My Name" on the album Guilt By Association. The album is a compilation of many artists playing covers of their favorite guilty pleasure songs. Indie rock band Portugal. The Man has also done their own tongue-in-cheek rendition of the hit, albeit with only two band members (Ryan Neighbors and Zachary Carothers).
In 2013, the Canadian rapper Drake, released song named "Girls Love Beyonce" which James Fauntleroy covers the hook.
In 2013, the Swiss DJ Cyril Hahn released a remix of "Say My Name" on the single "The Love Below #1".
The Neighbourhood has also released a cover of the song as a mashup with Justin Timberlake's Cry Me A River.
Track listings.
US CD Single
US Maxi CD Single
UK CD Single Part 1
UK CD Single Part 2
Also includes a poster
European CD Single Part 1 COL 668851 5
European CD Single Part 2 COL 668851 2
Australian Enhanced CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="2912124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912124" title="British NVC community H3">
British NVC community H3

NVC community H3 ("Ulex minor - Agrostis curtisii" heath) is one of the heath communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system. It is one of three communities which are considered transitional between the lowland dry heaths and the wetter communities classified in the NVC as mires.
It is a very localised community. There are three subcommunities.
Community composition.
The following constant species are found in this community:
The following rare species are associated with the community:
Distribution.
This community is confined to Hampshire and southern Dorset. 
Subcommunities.
There are three subcommunities:

</doc>
<doc id="2912125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912125" title="Fril">
Fril

Fril is a programming language for first-order predicate calculus. It includes the semantics of Prolog as a subset, but takes its syntax from the micro-Prolog of Logic Programming Associates and adds support for fuzzy sets, support logic, and metaprogramming.
Fril was originally developed by Trevor Martin and Jim Baldwin at the University of Bristol around 1980. In 1986, it was picked up and further developed by Equipu A.I. Research, which later became Fril Systems Ltd. The name "Fril" was originally an acronym for "Fuzzy Relational Inference Language".
Prolog and Fril comparison.
Aside from the uncertainty-management features of Fril, there are some minor differences in Fril's implementation of standard Prolog features.
Types.
The basic types in Fril are similar to those in Prolog, with one important exception: Prolog's compound data type is the term, with lists defined as nested terms using the codice_1 functor; in Fril, the compound type is the list itself, which forms the basis for most constructs. Variables are distinguished by identifiers containing only uppercase letters and underscores (whereas Prolog only requires the first character to be uppercase). As in Prolog, the name codice_2 is reserved to mean "any value", with multiple occurrences of codice_2 replaced by distinct variables.
Syntax.
Prolog has a syntax with a typical amount of punctuation, whereas Fril has an extremely simple syntax similar to that of Lisp. A (propositional) clause is a list consisting of a predicate followed by its arguments (if any). Among the types of top-level constructs are rules and direct-mode commands.
Rule.
A rule is a list consisting of a conclusion followed by the hypotheses (goals). The general forms look like this:
These are equivalent to the respective Prolog constructions:
For example, consider the codice_4 predicate in Prolog:
In Fril, this becomes:
Relation.
Some data can be represented in the form of relations. A relation is equivalent to a set of facts with the same predicate name and of constant arity, except that none of the facts can be removed (other than by codice_5ing the relation); such a representation consumes less memory internally. A relation is written literally as a list consisting of the predicate name followed by one or more tuples of the relation (all of the arguments of the equivalent fact without the predicate name). A predicate can also be declared a relation by calling the codice_6 predicate; this only works if the proposed name does not already exist in the knowledge base. Once a predicate is a relation, anything that would ordinarily add a rule (and does not violate the restrictions of relations) automatically adds a tuple to the relation instead.
Here is an example. The following set of facts:
can be rewritten as the relation:
Direct mode.
A predicate may be called with exactly one argument using the syntax:
Queries are submitted using this syntax, with "predicate" being codice_7 (or one of the other query-related predicates).
Fuzzy sets.
Fril supports both continuous and discrete fuzzy sets, each with their own special syntaxes. A discrete set (dtype) lists discrete values and their degrees of membership, with this syntax:
"value" is an atom or number, and "dom" is a value in the interval 1.
A continuous set (itype) lists real numbers and their degrees of membership; the degree-of-membership function is the linear interpolation over these mappings. The syntax is thus:
where the values must be given in non-decreasing order.
Each dtype and itype may be constrained to a universe (a set of allowable values). Fril has predicates for fuzzy set operations (but does not directly support control through fuzzy logic). It is even possible to combine dtypes and itypes through some operations, as long as the dtypes contain only real numbers.
Support pairs.
Any rule may have a probability interval (called a support pair) associated with it by appending codice_8 to it, where "min" and "max" are the minimum and maximum probabilities. Fril includes predicates that calculate the support for a given query.
Disjunction.
While Prolog uses punctuation — namely codice_9 — for disjunction within clauses, Fril instead has a built-in predicate codice_10.
Merits.
There are advantages and disadvantages to this simpler syntax. On the positive side, it renders predicates such as Prolog's codice_11 (which maps between lists and clauses) unnecessary, as a clause "is" a list. On the other hand, it is more difficult to read.
Behavior.
As a logic programming environment, Fril is very similar to Prolog. Here are some of the differences:

</doc>
<doc id="2912126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912126" title="Brebu Monastery">
Brebu Monastery

The Brebu Monastery in Romania is one of the most important architectural achievements of the rule of Matei Basarab and of Romanian art in the 17th century. Constructions began in 1640.
The Romanian Orthodox monastery is located in the present-day locality of Brebu Mânăstirei, Prahova County, Romania. It is situated in the foothills of the Bucegi and Grohotiş Mountains.
Architecture.
The architectural complex at Brebu is currently preserved in its initial form, being one of the few Romanian medieval monuments that is significantly preserved. The monastery's chapel is similar to that of the Dealu Monastery, and has dimensions of 30 x 10 m, constructed in a triconic formation, with a tower extending from the nave and another two smaller towers from the pre-nave. The walls of the chapel/church have a thickness of two metres, and are constructed from burnt bricks and stone. The exterior decoration is characteristic of Wallachian architecture at that time, being fairly devoid of ornaments. Some of the decorative elements resemble those of the late gothic period in Moldavia. The interior decoration of the chapel dates from 1843, and was restored by Sava Henţia in 1901-1902.
The monastery's living quarters are formed by nine rooms and a hall, all of them communicating with each other. There is also a lower ground floor containing cellars. The access tower in the complex is fairly large, and is regarded as one of the most beautiful examples of such constructions found in Romania. It is situated in the southern part of the complex, and has three levels and a total height of approximately 20 metres. The third levels is used for bells, and has an open space in all four sides. Part of the exterior walls of the tower were repainted by Sava Henţia at the beginning of the 20th century.
The monastery is surrounded by six-metre-high wall, with an irregular octagonal shape. It is made out of stone and burnt bricks. The annexes are situated in the west of the complex, and today only their remains can be found. Their existence is confirmed by various milestones and markers which were erected after the site's restoration in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="2912150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912150" title="Liv (album)">
Liv (album)

Liv is singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's second album, released in 1971. Its eleven tracks include ten of Taylor's own compositions, and a cover version of "On Broadway".

</doc>
<doc id="2912151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912151" title="New Mexico State University Agricultural Experiment Station">
New Mexico State University Agricultural Experiment Station

The New Mexico State University Agricultural Experiment Station is a system of scientists who work on facilities on the main campus in Las Cruces and at 12 agricultural science and research centers located throughout the state of New Mexico. It facilitates and administers the botanical gardens, herbaria, and other agricultural facilities associated with New Mexico State University.

</doc>
<doc id="2912162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912162" title="Longcross railway station">
Longcross railway station

Longcross railway station is centred from the locality of Longcross in Surrey, England on the border of the former parishes of Virginia Water and Lyne and Longcross (a current civil parish) in part of the large wooded sandy heath known as Surrey Heath (which is larger than the area of the district of the same name) and is served as a minor stop by South West Trains on the main line serving the towns of Bracknell and Ascot from London, the Waterloo to Reading Line. The station is not adjacent to a road but can be reached from the south along Burma Road, a road from the east-west B386 which skirts the western side of the Longcross QinetiQ site before narrowing to a track then a footpath, or else by crossing Wentworth Golf Course to the north.
Filming.
In Autumn 2006 a more regular service was provided at Longcross station, with many trains making unscheduled stop due to filming at the QinetiQ site for a new BBC drama, "HolbyBlue", a spin-off of "Holby City". Three further dramas also used Longcross for filming in 2006: a political drama made by World Productions; "Jekyll" by Hartswood Films; and the second series of "Hyperdrive", a BBC comedy series. Another drama "Echo Falls" was partly shot at Longcross. This makes use of the mixed pineferous, gorse and heather landscape of wet and semi-wet upland heath, a rare soil type.
The BBC "Ghost Story for Christmas" "View from a Hill" (by M.R. James) used the station as a location for the opening and closing scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="2912163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912163" title="Whitland railway station">
Whitland railway station

Whitland railway station serves the town of Whitland in Carmarthenshire, Wales. It is located on the main route of the West Wales Line from Swansea. To the west of the station, a branch line diverges to Pembroke with the main line continuing to Milford Haven and Fishguard. Formerly, the Whitland and Cardigan Railway (closed in 1962) diverged from the Fishguard/Milford Haven line two miles west of Whitland.
Passenger services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales, using a mixture of Diesel Multiple Unit classes (predominantly Class 175, Class 150 and Class 153) and First Great Western who run services using Inter City 125 trains on summer Saturdays from London to Pembroke Dock.
History.
The station was opened by the South Wales Railway on 2 January 1854 on their route from Cardiff to , which was extended to two years later. A branch line to Milford Haven followed in 1863, whilst the Pembroke & Tenby Railway (P&T) arrived from the southwest in 1866 - their route was however built as standard gauge rather than the SWR's broad gauge and so initially the P&T had to terminate at its own station next to the main line one, which by now was owned by the Great Western Railway. The separate P&T station was opened on 4 September 1866, and closed in August 1869. A single line was converted to dual gauge in 1868 to allow P&T trains to reach , but it wasn't until 1872 that full through running between the two routes was possible with the conversion of the main line to standard gauge. The network in the area was completed when the Cardigan branch was opened in stages between 1873 & 1886.
Services.
The station has an approximately hourly service (including Sundays) to and from and eastbound and every two hours westbound to each of and . Certain eastbound services continue onwards to , and Manchester Piccadilly. 
The services between and Carmarthen (and stations further afield) also call (4 trains per day Mon-Sat, with 1 on Sundays, plus a 7-days-a-week night time service). Summer Saturday HST services between London Paddington and Pembroke Dock also serve Whitland.
Rail & sea corridor to Ireland.
Arriva Trains Wales boat trains to and from Fishguard Harbour serve the station. These connect with the Stena Line ferry to Rosslare Europort in Ireland with a daily morning and evening service in both directions. This route has been in existence since 1906.
Facilities.
Despite being a once-major junction, the facilities at Whitland station are very poor. There are no toilets, nor a waiting room for passengers awaiting a service along the other line to use to take shelter from the wind. The main building, located on the eastbound platform, once contained a waiting room and ticket office, but is now boarded up. Most of this platform is covered by a canopy, and west of the building rusting rails remain in one of the former bay platforms. Across the footbridge, scant waiting shelters are provided on the westbound platform. There is in fact a servicable bay platform behind this, accessed from the Pembroke Dock branch, but this is seldom used for passenger trains as services from the branch do not normally terminate at Whitland.

</doc>
<doc id="2912164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912164" title="Mount Vernon Camp">
Mount Vernon Camp

Mount Vernon Camp, also known as the Gurkha Cantonment, is an establishment of the Singapore Police Force built to house the training and residential facilities of the Gurkha Contingent's Gurkhas and their families. Located at Mount Vernon near to the secludedness of the Bidadari Cemetery, it has undergone expansion on the hilly terrain, particularly with the introduction of modern, high quality high-rise housing blocks for the over 2,000 officers and their families-in-tow.
The road leading into the camp is named Kathmandu Road for the capital city of Nepal. Built as a self-contained complex due to security concerns to minimise movements into and out of the complex, it has its own shops, schools and even playgrounds for the younger children, which contingent commander Bruce M. Niven equates to being a township all on its own.
Dwellers in the complex are not prohibited from leaving the camp or utilising services and facilities outside it. Throngs of school-going Nepalese children regularly leave and enter the camp everyday, wearing the uniforms of national schools. The camp's close proximity to Bartley Secondary School has seen a significant number of Nepalese children being enrolled there, although they can also be found in schools much further away as the children become gradually assimilated into Singaporean society and culture. The surrounding commercial outlets thrive on business brought about by the Nepalese community based here, and it is a common sight to see officers doing their daily recreational runs around the major roads close to the camp.
Phase 2B of the complex expansion commenced in 2001 costing S$42.2 million and added 93,568 m2 of largely residential space. Designed by PWD Consultants and built by the China Construction (South Pacific) Development Co, it was completed by 2003 The complex continues to undergo physical upgrading works today, with the government setting aside another S$47.8 million for the expansion works being carried out from 2004 into 2006 [http://www.mof.gov.sg/budget_2005/expenditure_estimates/attachment/MHA_EE2005.pdf.

</doc>
<doc id="2912165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912165" title="The Miami Horns">
The Miami Horns

The Miami Horns are a horn section best known for touring and/or recording with Southside Johnny, Bruce Springsteen, Little Steven and The Max Weinberg 7. They have also toured, performed and/or recorded with, among others, Diana Ross, Gary U.S. Bonds, Robert Cray, Bon Jovi, Cissy Houston, Joe Cocker, Dave Edmunds, Darlene Love, The Allman Brothers Band, Eric Clapton, Sheryl Crow and Ricky Martin. As individuals, the various members have also worked with the likes of Aerosmith, David Bowie, Duran Duran, Power Station, Graham Parker and They Might Be Giants. 
The Miami Horns were first put together in 1976 by Steve Van Zandt as part of Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. The connection with the city of Miami is only tenuous. Van Zandt had acquired the nickname "Miami", due to his dislike of winter, and consequently the horn section also became known by that name. On occasions they have also been billed as "The Jukes' Horns", "La Bamba's Mambomen", "The U.S. Horns", "The J.A.M. Horns", "The Tunnel Of Love Horns", "The Horns of Love" and "The Late Night Horns". The line-up is very much impromptu and seems to depend on who is available at the time. As a consequence it has varied in size from a duo to a big band. Not unlike The Drifters, many performers have come and gone, and even returned. However Richie "La Bamba" Rosenberg (trombone), Mark Pender (trumpet) and Eddie Manion (saxophone) have been the most consistent members. Other notable players have included Stan Harrison, Chris Anderson, Joey Stann and Mario Cruz. In 1991 Rosenberg, Pender, Manion and Harrison recorded an eponymous album as "La Bamba & The Hubcaps".
Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes.
In January 1976 Steve Van Zandt set about finding a record deal for Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. As well as being a full-time member of the E Street Band, Van Zandt also acted as a singer, guitarist, songwriter, manager, producer and arranger for the band, which he and Southside Johnny had co-founded in the early part of 1975. At the time, the Jukes horn section consisted of just one permanent member - sax player Carlo Novi. However for the recording of their debut release, "I Don't Want To Go Home", Van Zandt put together a horn section consisting of Rick Gazda (trumpet), Bob Malach (tenor sax), Deacon Earl Gardener (trumpet), Bill Zacagni (baritone sax) and Louie Parente (trombone). This quintet formed the original Miami Horns line up. However with the exception of Rick Gazda, they all went their separate ways in March 1976 once the album had been finished. Bob Malach would briefly return in 1977 to play a solo on the second Jukes album, "
This Time It's For Real". On May 30, 1976, the Jukes celebrated the release of "I Don't Want To Go Home" with a show at The Stone Pony. It was broadcast live on nine radio stations, including WMMR, and featured guest appearances by Ronnie Spector, Lee Dorsey, Bruce Springsteen and various members of the E Street Band. By this time a new Miami Horns line up consisted of Carlo Novi (tenor sax), Eddie Manion (baritone sax), Tony Pallagrosi (trumpet) and Rick Gazda (trumpet). They eventually grew into a five-piece with the arrival of Richie "La Bamba" Rosenberg (trombone) in November 1976 and went on to tour and record regularly with Southside Johnny during the 1970s. They featured prominently on the album "Hearts Of Stone". In 1992 they also featured on "Better Days", effectively a Jukes reunion album, produced by Van Zandt. It also featured guest appearances by Bruce Springsteen, Jon Bon Jovi and honorary Jukes, Max Weinberg and Garry Tallent. The horns were provided by Rosenberg, Pender, Manion, Gazda, Joey Stann, Frank Elmo and for the first time, Jerry Vivino.
Bruce Springsteen.
The Miami Horns first toured with Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band in 1976 and 1977 during the latter stages of the Born to Run tour. For many years it was assumed that that horns line-up for this tour was the same quintet that featured on "I Don't Want To Go Home". However research by the Asbury Jukes historian, Mike Saunders, revealed that the horns were actually provided by two separate quartets, both billed as the Miami Horns. The first quartet consisted of Carlo Novi (tenor sax), Eddie Manion (baritone sax), Tony Palligrosi (trumpet) and Rick Gazda (trumpet). They made their debut with Springsteen on August 1 at the Monmouth Arts Centre in Red Bank, New Jersey. At the time Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes where temporarily inactive due to Southside Johnny suffering from an illness. However, by September, Southside was fully recovered and Novi, Manion, Palligrossi and Gazda rejoined the Jukes. A second Miami Horns was then recruited to accompany Springsteen and the E Street Band. This line up featured Ed De Palma (sax), Dennis Orlock (trombone), John Binkley (trumpet) and Steve Paraczky (trumpet) and were based out of Philadelphia. They made their debut with Springsteen at the Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum on September 26 and continued to tour with the him until March 1977.
On the Born in the U.S.A. Tour the Miami Horns, featuring Richie "La Bamba" Rosenberg (trombone), Mark Pender (trumpet), Eddie Manion (baritone sax), Mike Spengler (trumpet) and Stan Harrison (tenor sax), made a guest appearance at the Meadowlands Arena on August 20, 1984; they featured prominently on Dobie Gray's "Drift Away", performed as a duet by Bruce and Little Steven, and on "Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out". This version of the latter song was later featured on "Live/1975-85". On August 22 Springsteen returned the favour when he guested with La Bamba & The Hubcaps during a show at The Stone Pony. The Tunnel Of Love Express Tour of 1988 featured a horn section much more prominently. Rosenberg, Manion, Pender, Spengler and Mario Cruz, sometimes referred to as "The Tunnel Of Love Horns" or "The Horns of Love", accompanied Springsteen throughout the tour. On September 19, 1988 at the JFK Stadium they also made a guest appearance during the Human Rights Now! Tour. On June 24, 1993, during The "Other Band" Tour they also guested once again at Meadowlands Arena. 
More recently they have featured on the "The Rising " and '. Rosenberg, Manion and Pender also toured with Springsteen as part of The Seeger Sessions Band and subsequently featured on '. They also played with Springsteen at the halftime show during Super Bowl XLIII.
A photo of The Miami Horns playing behind Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band at the Boston Music Hall on March 24, 1977 can be found here:[http://www.momthrewitaway.com/bruce38s.jpg]
In 2012, Eddie Manion joined Springsteen and the E Street Band's new horn section for their "Wrecking Ball Tour" as a replacement for the late Clarence Clemons. As of 2014, Manion still remains part of the recording and touring horn section for Springsteen.
Little Steven.
As well as arranging the horn parts when they toured and recorded with Southside Johnny and Bruce Springsteen, Steve Van Zandt has also used the Miami Horns when he produced for other artists. In 1981 he used them on "Dedication", an album he produced for Gary U.S. Bonds, and they then featured prominently on his own debut "Men Without Women". This was released under the name Little Steven & The Disciples Of Soul and the horns were credited as "La Bamba's Mambomen". They also toured to promote the album. Van Zandt also used the horns on "All Alone on Christmas", a single he wrote and produced for Darlene Love which was also featured on the "" soundtrack.
The Max Weinberg and The Tonight Show Band.
In 1993 Max Weinberg became music director for "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and when putting together a band, he recruited Richie "La Bamba" Rosenberg, Mark Pender and Jerry Vivino. The three played until 2009 as members of The Max Weinberg 7, which moved that year with Conan O'Brien to become the latest iteration of The Tonight Show Band. When not on TV, this trio has worked regularly as session musicians. In 2010, the trio toured North America as part of the Legally Prohibited Band (essentially The Tonight Show Band under a different name, with Weinberg's place taken by James Wormwood) in support of Conan O'Brien's 32-city "Legally Prohibited From Being Funny On Television" tour. They continue to be part of O'Brien's late night band as part of the Basic Cable Band on O'Brien's current show, "Conan"
Other artists.
In the early 1980s Southside Johnny temporarily broke up The Asbury Jukes, and the Miami Horns, featuring Mark Pender for the first time, went on tour with Diana Ross. Touring with Springsteen raised the profile of The Miami Horns and led to more work, including sessions with Joe Cocker. In 1989 they also toured as part of "Dave Edmunds' Rock 'n' Roll Review" which also featured Graham Parker, Dion, Kim Wilson and Steve Cropper. In October 1991 they played at the "Legends Of Guitar Festival" in Seville, performing with such artists as Keith Richards, Bob Dylan, Jack Bruce, Robert Cray, Phil Manzanera, Robbie Robertson, Albert Collins, B.B. King, Bo Diddley and again with Edmunds and Cropper. The concert was broadcast live on TVE2 and some of the recordings also appeared on the Manzanera album "Million Reasons Why". Manion and Pender also played and arranged horns on the acclaimed Robert Cray album, "Shame + A Sin" and between 1991 and 1994, Manion was a full-time member of The Robert Cray Band.

</doc>
<doc id="2912167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912167" title="Evatt">
Evatt

The surname Evatt is British, with Norman French roots. Modern spelling deviations include "Evatte," "Evett," "Evettes," "Evitt, "Evitts," "Evitte," and "Evittes." Early British spellings of this surname did not include the "double t," having, instead, a "single t," as in "Evot" and "Euote." 
According to "The Book of English Surnames", all of the above "Evatt" surname spellings are diminutives of "Eve". Contrary to a commonly held belief, "Evatt" is not a derivative of the surname "Evans", as "Evan" is the Welsh form of "John", dating from about 1500 AD, well after the "Evatt/Euote" surname was already in wide use in England. 
The surname "Evatt/Euote" was first seen in England in the year 1295 AD, and recorded in the Barnwell Church. The record concerned a William Walter Euote.
The known Evatt Family Tree begins with the William Walter Euote referenced above. He was born about 1266 AD near Ruskington in Lincolnshire County, in England. 
The Evatt family name can be found in England, the United States, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. More Evatts are found in South Carolina than any other part of the world.
Following World War II, Herbert Vere Evatt (1894-1965), Australian jurist, politician and writer, achieved international fame as President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1948-49, where he was instrumental in the drafting of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights (1948). 
The Evatt family motto, as recorded on the 13th Century Evatt Coat of Arms held by the Evatt family of New Zealand, is "Be Just and Fear Not". An alternate version of the motto, as recorded on the 17th Century Family Crest held by the Evett Family of New Zealand, is "Festina Lente" - "More haste, less speed".

</doc>
<doc id="2912185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912185" title="Russian battleship Gangut (1911)">
Russian battleship Gangut (1911)

Gangut () was both the lead ship of the dreadnoughts of the Imperial Russian Navy built before World War I and the last of her class to be completed. She was named after the Russian victory over the Swedish Navy in the Battle of Gangut in 1714. She was completed during the winter of 1914–15, but was not ready for combat until mid-1915. Her role was to defend the mouth of the Gulf of Finland against the Germans, who never tried to enter, so she spent her time training and providing cover for minelaying operations. Her crew joined the general mutiny of the Baltic Fleet after the February Revolution and joined the Bolsheviks in 1918. She was laid up in 1918 for lack of manpower and not recommissioned until 1925, by which time she had been renamed "Oktyabrskaya Revolutsiya" (: "October Revolution").
She was reconstructed between 1931 and 1934 with new boilers, fire-control systems and greatly enlarged superstructures. During the Winter War she bombarded Finnish coastal artillery positions one time. Her anti-aircraft armament was greatly reinforced in early 1941, just before Operation Barbarossa. She provided gunfire support against the Germans during the Siege of Leningrad despite being bombed three times and under repair for a year. Retained on active duty after the war she became a training ship in 1954 before being struck off the Navy List in 1956 and slowly scrapped.
Design.
"Gangut" was long at the waterline and long overall. She had a beam of and a draft of , more than designed. Her displacement was at load, over more than her designed displacement of .
"Gangut"s machinery was built by the Franco-Russian Works. Ten Parsons-type steam turbines drove the four propellers. The engine rooms were located between turrets three and four in three transverse compartments. The outer compartments each had a high-pressure ahead and reverse turbine for each wing propeller shaft. The central engine room had two each low-pressure ahead and astern turbines as well as two cruising turbines driving the two center shafts. The engines had a total designed output of , but they produced during her sister "Poltava"'s full-speed trials on 21 November 1915 and gave a top speed of . Twenty-five Yarrow Admiralty-type small-tube boilers provided steam to the engines at a designed working pressure of . Each boiler was fitted with Thornycroft oil sprayers for mixed oil/coal burning. They were arranged in two groups. The forward group consisted of two boiler rooms in front of the second turret, the foremost of which had three boilers while the second one had six. The rear group was between the second and third turrets and comprised two compartments, each with eight boilers. At full load she carried of coal and of fuel oil and that provided her a range of at a speed of .
Her main armament consisted of a dozen Obukhovskii Pattern 1907 52-caliber guns mounted in four triple turrets distributed the length of the ship. The Russians did not believe that superfiring turrets offered any advantage, discounting the value of axial fire and believing that superfiring turrets could not fire while over the lower turret because of muzzle blast problems. They also believed that distributing the turrets, and their associated magazines, over the length of the ship improved the survivability of the ship. Sixteen 50-caliber Pattern 1905 guns were mounted in casemates as the secondary battery intended to defend the ship against torpedo boats. She completed with only a single 30-caliber "Lender" anti-aircraft (AA) gun mounted on the quarterdeck. Other AA guns were probably added during the course of World War I, but details are lacking. Conway's says that four were added to the roofs of the end turrets during the war. Four submerged torpedo tubes were mounted with three torpedoes for each tube.
Service.
"Gangut" was built by the Admiralty Works in Saint Petersburg. Her keel was laid down on 16 June 1909 and she was launched on 22 September 1911. At the end of October 1914, she collided with her sister "Poltava" which delayed her trials, scheduled for 9 November 1914, to late December 1914. She entered service on 11 January 1915 when she reached Helsingfors and was assigned to the First Battleship Brigade of the Baltic Fleet. "Gangut" and her sister provided distant cover for minelaying operations south of Liepāja on 27 August, the furthest that any Russian dreadnought ventured out of the Gulf of Finland during World War I. She ran aground on 10 September, but suffered only minor damage. A minor mutiny broke out on 1 November when the executive officer refused to feed the crew the traditional meal of meat and macaroni after coaling. The return of the captain and the issue of a dinner of tinned meat restored order on the ship. On 10–11 November and 6 December "Gangut" and her sister again provided distant cover for minelaying operations. She saw no action of any kind during 1916. Her crew joined the general mutiny of the Baltic Fleet on 16 March 1917, after the idle sailors received word of the February Revolution in Saint Petersburg. The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk required the Soviets to evacuate their base at Helsinki in March 1918 or have them interned by newly independent Finland even though the Gulf of Finland was still frozen over. "Gangut" and her sisters led the first group of ships on 12 March and reached Kronstadt five days later in what became known as the 'Ice Voyage'.
"Gangut" was laid up on 9 November 1918 for lack of manpower and was renamed "Oktyabrskaya Revolutsiya" (: "October Revolution") on 27 June 1925 while she was being refitted. She was recommissioned on 23 March 1926 and began a partial reconstruction on 12 October 1931, incorporating the lessons from the earlier modernizations of her sisters "Marat" and "Parizhskaya Kommuna". The tubular tower-mast of "Marat" was replaced by a larger and sturdier structure with a KDP-6 fire control director, equipped with two Zeiss rangefinders positioned on top. The aft superstructure was enlarged and a new structure was built just forward of it, with another KDP-6 director surmounting it, which required the repositioning of the mainmast forward. This did not leave enough room for a derrick, as was used on "Marat", so two large boat cranes were mounted on each side of the mainmast. Her funnel was curved to the rear rather than angled like "Marat". Each turret received Italian rangefinders and their roof armor was increased to in thickness. A new forecastle was fitted, much like that "Marat"s, to improve seakeeping. Six 34-K anti-aircraft (AA) guns were added, three on the roofs of the fore and aft turrets. All twenty-five of her old boilers were replaced by a dozen oil-fired boilers originally intended for the "Izmail". The space saved was used to add another inboard longitudinal watertight bulkhead that greatly improved her underwater protection. Her original Pollen Argo Clock mechanical fire-control computer was upgraded with a copy of a Vickers Ltd fire-control computer, designated AKUR by the Soviets, as well as a copy of a Sperry stable vertical gyroscope. These changes increased her displacement to at full load and her overall length to . Her metacentric height decreased to from her designed as a result of her enlarged superstructures.
She finished her reconstruction on 4 August 1934. Her participation in the Winter War was limited to a bombardment of Finnish coast defense guns on 18 December 1939 at Saarenpää in the Beryozovye Islands before the Gulf of Finland iced over. She failed to inflict any permanent damage before she was driven off by near misses. "Oktyabrskaya Revolutsiya" sailed to Tallinn shortly after the Soviets occupied Estonia, but she was refitted in February–March 1941 in Kronstadt and her anti-aircraft armament was reinforced. Two twin 76.2-mm 81-K mounts were mounted on her quarter deck. The magazines for these guns were probably situated in the rearmost casemates on each beam, which lost their 120-mm guns and twelve automatic "70-K" guns were also added, three guns each on the middle turrets and the other six in the fore and aft superstructures. Four twin and four single DShK machine guns and two AA directors were also fitted. The large cranes were replaced by smaller ones taken from the ex-German heavy cruiser "Petropavlovsk" to make room for the anti-aircraft guns.
On 22 June 1941 "Oktyabrskaya Revolutsiya" was in Tallinn when the Germans invaded the Soviet Union, but she was forced to sail for Kronstadt by the advancing Germans. She opened fire on troop positions of the German 18th Army on 8 September from the channel between Leningrad and Kronstadt, and probably landed four guns on the following day for use ashore. She was badly damaged on 21 September by three bomb hits on her bow that knocked out two turrets and she was sent to the Ordzhonikidze Yard on 23 October for repairs. The Soviets took advantage of this time to add four more 37-mm 70-K AA guns and another twin 76.2-mm K-81 gun mount between February and April 1942. She was hit again by one heavy and three medium bombs dropped by Heinkel He 111s of KG 4 during the night of 4–5 April. and again by three bombs on 24 April. Her repairs were completed in November 1942, although a quadruple 37-mm 46-K gun mount was added in September. She supported Soviet forces during the Siege of Leningrad, the Leningrad–Novgorod Offensive in January 1944 and the Vyborg–Petrozavodsk Offensive in June 1944. She received a Lend-Lease British Type 279 air-warning radar sometime during 1944. On 22 July 1944 she was awarded the Order of the Red Banner.
She was reclassified as a 'school battleship' on 24 July 1954 and stricken on 17 February 1956. She was slowly scrapped and her hulk still survived in May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="2912191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912191" title="John Tyrrell (died 1437)">
John Tyrrell (died 1437)

Sir John Tyrrell ( 1382 – 2 April 1437) possessed the manor of Heron (in East Horndon), Essex, was Knight of the Shire for that county, and Speaker of the House of Commons, and Treasurer of the Royal Household.
Family.
John Tyrrell was the eldest son of Walter Tyrrell of Avon, Hampshire, and Eleanor Flambard (d. 29 March 1422), the daughter and heir of Edmund Flambard of Shepreth, Cambridgeshire, by Elizabeth FitzRalph, daughter of Richard FitzRalph.
He was the grandson and heir of Sir Thomas Tyrrell who was buried at Downham, Essex, in 1382, and survived by his wife, Alice.
According to the will of his younger brother, Edward Tyrrell (d. 17 December 1442), esquire, of Downham, John Tyrrell had three other brothers, Richard, Thomas and William, who had died by 1442, and likely a sister, Elizabeth Tyrrell, who married, as his second wife, Sir William Lisle (d.1442), illegitimate son of Robert Lisle, 3rd Baron Lisle (d.1399).
John Tyrrell's younger brother, Edward Tyrrell, married Anne Pashley, widow of John Bassingbourne, and daughter of Sir Robert Pashley by Philippe Sergeaux, by whom he had:
Edward Tyrrell (d. 17 December 1442) also had an illegitimate son, John Tyrrell.
After the death of Walter Tyrrell, Eleanor (née Flambard) married Sir Nicholas Haute (1357 – c. 1415) of Wadden Hall in Waltham, Kent.
Career.
John Tyrrell was appointed High Sheriff of Essex and Hertfordshire in 1413 and again in 1423. He was elected knight of the shire for Essex 12 times between 1411 and 1437 and once for Hertfordshire in 1427. He was elected Speaker of the House three times (in 1421, 1429 and 1437).
In 1427 he was appointed steward of Clare and Thaxted during the minority of Richard of York, 3rd Duke of York, and chief steward of the Duchy of Lancaster north of Trent. He was a member of Henry VI's council in France in 1431. He was knighted in 1431, and in May of that year was appointed Treasurer of the Royal Household, a post he held until his death.
He was succeeded by his eldest son, Sir Thomas Tyrrell (c. 1411 – 28 March 28, 1477) of Heron.
The Tyrrell arms are Argent, two chevronels azure, a border engrailed gules. The family motto is "Sans crainte".
Marriages and issue.
John Tyrrell married (1st) before 1411 Alice Coggeshall (d.1422), daughter and co-heiress of Sir William Coggeshall by Antiocha Hawkwood, daughter and heiress of Sir John Hawkwood, by whom he had five surviving sons and four daughters, including:
John Tyrrell married (2nd) before 1427 (date of lawsuit) Katherine Burgate (d. after 1436), the widow successively of Robert Stonham (died 1397), of Stonham Aspal, Suffolk, and John Spencer (died 1417), of Banham, Norfolk, and daughter and co-heiress of Sir William Burgate (d. 24 July 1409) of Burgate, Suffolk, by Eleanor Visdelou, daughter of Sir Thomas Visdelou, by whom he had a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="2912196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912196" title="Ishwar Maraj">
Ishwar Maraj

Ishwar Maraj (; born January 26, 1969 in Point Fortin, Trinidad and Tobago) is a Canadian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a right-arm offbreak bowler.
Before his move to Canada he played club cricket in Trinidad and Tobago. He holds the world record for the slowest ever fifty in a World Cup match, in an innings against South Africa, in the 2003 Cricket World Cup, in which he played in all six matches. He last game for Canada was in the 2004 ICC 6 Nations Challenge, although he did play for Canada A against the MCC in 2005.
He played for St Lucia in the 2006 Stanford 20/20 tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="2912200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912200" title="Culdee Fell Railway">
Culdee Fell Railway

The Culdee Fell Railway (CFR) is a fictional narrow gauge rack and pinion railway appearing in the book "Mountain Engines" written by the Rev. W. Awdry. The stories are based on incidents in the history of the Snowdon Mountain Railway.
Awdry visited the Snowdon Mountain Railway (SMR) with his friend, the Rev. Teddy Boston, in early 1963. That summer he wrote a two-part article about it in his series "Remarkable Railways", for the "Church of England Newspaper". The Director of the SMR at the time, A.O.E. Davis, suggested that Awdry might like to include a similar railway on Sodor. Fortunately, a suitable mountain was already marked on the first published maps of Sodor, the 2046 ft-high "Culdee Fell".
In the book, the Culdee Fell Railway runs from Kirk Machan, where it meets the standard gauge line from Killdane to Peel Godred, to the summit of Culdee Fell. Devil's Back is a high exposed ridge which the railway runs along, corresponding to Clogwyn of the real Snowdon Mountain Railway.
History.
According to "research" by the Rev. W Awdry, the railway was the brainchild of the tourist-minded Mid Sodor Railway, who had hopes to extend their line beyond Peel Godred to Kirk Machan at the foot of Culdee Fell, where passengers could board a rack railway to the summit. Initial attempts to establish a company however were thwarted by Lord Peter Barrane, the local landowner – this gave the Skarloey Railway an opportunity to capitalize by running horse-and-trap services from their terminus to a point half-way up the mountain, allowing a shorter and quicker climb. When the situation began to drain tourist monies away from the central portion of the island, local opinion was able to force Lord Barrane's hand.
This resulted in the formation of the Culdee Fell Tramroad and Hotel Company Ltd. Lord Barrane was established as company chairman and was able to have the proposed route modified to skirt his properties on the lower slopes of the mountain, hence the large loop the route takes from Kirk Machan to Skarloey Road, when the original plan was to head straight up the hillside. The Snowdon Mountain Railway had opened only a little earlier, and they provided advice and construction expertise. It is therefore no surprise that the two lines are similar in many respects – for example, both use the Abt rack system and have a track gauge (common to other mountain railways) of . However, the CFR is twice the length, with shallower gradients at the base, and a much harder final climb to the summit.
Construction started in 1897; the line was inspected in March 1900 and opened to the public on Whit Monday, but after just a month one of the locomotives was destroyed when it derailed and fell down a cliff – the exact cause was never determined, but is believed to have been a stone lodged between the rack rails. The line remained closed until the following season (Easter Monday 1901) whilst improvements were made.
Characters.
Locomotives.
The locomotives of the Culdee Fell Railway are all 0-4-2 tank locomotives with angled boilers. They have pinion wheels on their driving axles that allow them to climb the steep mountain and prevent slipping. They are also fitted with automatic brakes. At the beginning of "Mountain Engines", Awdry describes Culdee thus: 
The boilers are inclined to ensure that the boiler tubes and the firebox are always covered by water when on the gradient. This is a standard practice on mountain railways as the locomotive always runs chimney-first up the mountain. The cylinders are mounted towards the cab end of the locomotive (rather than the chimney end, which is more conventional for a steam locomotive), hence Awdry's 'back-to-front' description. The drive to the wheels is through a series of levers that allow the pistons to have a longer stroke than the cranks. This is another common feature in mountain railways.
Engines 1 - 5 were built at the Swiss Locomotive and Machine Works in Winterthur, Switzerland in 1900. Nos 6, 7 and 8 were built after the first batch of locomotives, to a more modern design, and were delivered at two-monthly intervals in 1962. They are fitted with superheaters to improve their efficiency. In "Sodor: Reading between the lines", Christopher Awdry notes that the newer engines superseded "Ernest" (2) and "Wilfred" (3), but he does not elaborate on what may have happened to the two engines subsequently. Curiously, Christopher also states that nos. 2 and 3 do not appear in the stories, whereas, in fact, they do.
All the locomotives carry a purple livery, lined out in orange.
Unusually for characters in the Railway Series, they carry faces on the back as well as the front. It has most likely never been implied why this was the case, nor was it stated whether they had their own personality and communicated with the front faces or mirrored their expressions and speech.
The Rev. Awdry notes that since the stories in the book, the North Western Railway's Crovan's Gate Works has taken over responsibility for major repairs on the Culdee Fell Railway's engines. Originally, locomotives requiring overhaul were sent to either their manufacturer in Switzerland or an unnamed engineering works in England, both long and expensive journeys.
Although the engines bear a passing resemblance to the engines on the Snowdon Mountain Railway, Christopher Awdry notes that he doesn't believe his father intended any of the engines to correspond with particular SMR locomotives.
Godred.
The story of Godred (Number 1) is based on the real history of the Snowdon Mountain Railway's locomotive No. 1 "L.A.D.A.S" which was destroyed after it derailed on the line's opening day. Similarly, in the story "Bad Look-Out" the engine Culdee tells the tale of Godred, who derails on the opening day and is subsequently dismantled for spare parts. Although at the end of the story it is stated that Culdee had made the whole thing up.
According to Culdee, Godred was self-centered and held too much faith in his automatic brakes. Culdee, Godred's crew and the manager all tried to rectify this, but he never paid attention and paid the price.
The Rev. W Awdry wanted the story to be as close to what really happened as much as possible. But he did not want to distress the readers so he added that he had made up the story.
Ernest.
Ernest (number 2) appears in the story "Danger Points" talking to Culdee and Wilfred.
Wilfred.
Wilfred (number 3) first appears telling Culdee of the engines who arrived during his absence, and is later delayed after Lord Harry derails at the summit. He is also seen lecturing Lord Harry about the importance of goods work.
Culdee.
Culdee (number 4) is named after Culdee Fell, the mountain his railway climbs. He is a friendly engine, and has plenty of advice to give to the other engines. He was one of the first engines on the line, being built in 1896, and was used in early test runs on the line. He was also one of the last mountain engines on Sodor to travel to Switzerland for an overhaul.
A CGI Promo from his Take 'n' Play model explains, he may appear for the first time in the television series.
Shane Dooiney.
Shane Dooiney (number 5) is an engine on this railway who does not actually appear in "The Railway Series", although he is mentioned in "The Island of Sodor: Its People, History and Railways" where he is described as being overhauled in Switzerland during the events of the book "Mountain Engines". He is the last engine to be overhauled away from Sodor, all subsequent locomotive maintenance taking place on the island, at the Crovan's Gate Works.
Lord Harry/Patrick.
Lord Harry (number 6) (also called No. 6 and Patrick) was known as a rude and ignorant trouble-maker on the Culdee Fell Railway. The fact that he was named after Lord Harry Barrane (the chairman of the Mountain Railway Board) and his ultra-modern superheated design made him conceited and led to a habit of unnecessary risk-taking. He even went far as to call Culdee a "patched-up old ruins". After scaring his coach and derailing at the summit station, blocking both platforms, he was sent to the sheds in disgrace by the manager, Walter Richards. He was stripped of his name and was known only by his number. Passengers refused to trust him and he was reduced to the level of goods engine, transporting hotel supplies and ferrying railway gangers to and from work. After rescuing an injured climber at the mountain summit by pushing the Truck up "Devil's Back" in a severe gale, he was regarded as a hero and renamed Patrick after of the injured climber.
Alaric.
Alaric (number 7) is mentioned in a conversation between Culdee, Wilfred and Ernest in "Danger Points". He is built to a "super-heat" design.
Eric.
Eric (number 8) is mentioned in a conversation between Culdee, Wilfred and Ernest in "Danger Points". He is built to a "super-heat" design.
Rolling stock.
On the CFR, a train is formed from one coach and one locomotive. The coach is pushed up the mountain, not coupled to the engine, for safety reasons. The CFR has nine 56-seater 'saloon' passenger coaches, each of which normally works with a particular locomotive. "Catherine" is the only coach named in the stories: she operates with "Culdee". She looks out for Culdee on the way up the mountain, as he cannot see ahead. She is safety-conscious, and "Lord Harry" upset her with his risk-taking when he worked with her while Culdee was away being overhauled.
The railway also has two maintenance wagons, although only one appears in the stories, known as "The Truck". They are used for goods and maintenance duties and for stores and rescue trains. The Truck is described as the only rolling stock capable of crossing Devil's Back ridge during a gale. For these trains, the Truck is loaded with sandbags and her tank is filled with water to increase her weight. Although she is not allocated to any specific engine, there was a period when she worked exclusively with Lord Harry when the Manager took that engine off passenger trains.
Human characters.
Two people are named in the book: Lord Harry Barrane is the Chairman of the railway, and Mr. Walter Richards is its Manager.
Merchandising.
Despite having never appeared in the Thomas & Friends television series, certain Culdee Fell Railway characters have nevertheless been included in commercial merchandising lines based on the series. The models have been made the same size as the standard gauge characters in the ranges, and hence are made to a completely different scale.

</doc>
<doc id="2912202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912202" title="Anthoceros">
Anthoceros

Anthoceros is a genus of hornworts in the family Anthocerotaceae. The genus is global in its distribution. Its name means 'flower horn', and refers to the characteristic horn-shaped sporophytes that all hornworts produce. The dark color of the spores is the easiest way to distinguish "Anthoceros" from the related genus "Phaeoceros", which produces spores that are yellow as noted by Campbell (1939)
The genus is distinguished by having spores that are dark brown to black, a relatively frilly thallus when compared to "Phaeoceros", and larger and more internal cavities than "Phaeoceros".
Sporophytes of "Anthoceros"
It is larger and much more complex than those of riccia, marchantia and pellia. It is differentiated into a foot, a constriction like intermediate zone and a capsule. There is no seta. It arises in clusters from the dorsal surface of the thallus each surrounded at the base a tubular involucre only
"Anthoceros" species are host to species of "Nostoc", a symbiotic relationship in which "Nostoc" provides nitrogen to its host through cells known as heterocysts, and which are able to carry out photosynthesis. 
It lives in moist clayey soils along hills,in ditches and in damp hollows among rocks.Adult plant body is a gametophyte.The "Nostoc" colonies are present on the lower ventral surface and are visible as blue-green patches which open outwards by slime pores.The thallus is translucent and sub-orbicular in outline.
Species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2912204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912204" title="Gillian Weir">
Gillian Weir

Dame Gillian Constance Weir (born 17 January 1941) is a New Zealand-British organist.
Biography.
Weir was born in Martinborough, New Zealand in 1941. When she was 19, she was a co-winner of the Auckland Star Piano Competition, playing Mozart. A year later she won a scholarship of the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music in London. There, she studied with the concert pianist Cyril Smith and the renowned organist Ralph Downes, and in her second year (1964) won the prestigious St. Albans International Organ Competition.
Messiaen.
Her performance in 1964 of a work by Olivier Messiaen occurred at a time when his music was little-known outside France and she became particularly associated with this composer; she has several times performed his complete works in series. Her recording for Collins Classics (new re-release for Priory Records on 2002) was hailed as "one of the major recording triumphs of the century" in "In Tune Magazine". Her distinguished position as a Messiaen interpreter has been reinforced by her CD release of his complete organ works to great acclaim as well as by her contribution to Faber's "The Messiaen Companion" and other publications. At Messiaen's request, she gave the first UK performance in January 1973 of the "Méditations sur le Mystère de la Sainte Trinité" at the Royal Festival Hall from the composer's manuscript, given to her after he gave the world premiere in Washington D.C. 
Her series of six weekly recitals in Westminster Cathedral of Messiaen's organ works in 1998, the 90th anniversary of his birth, brought huge audiences, and for her performances she was awarded the Evening Standard Award for Outstanding Solo Performance, the first organist to have been so honoured. Weir made her début at the Royal Albert Hall while still a student, as soloist in the Poulenc Organ Concerto, on the opening night of the 1965 season of the Promenade Concerts, and in the same year at the Royal Festival Hall in recital, then the youngest organist to have performed there publicly. She returned to the Albert Hall to make the first recording on the great organ after the 2004 rebuild. 
Recordings.
Weir's artistry was marked in 1999 by the re-issue on CD of her series of Argo recordings, and her nomination by Classic CD magazine as one of the 100 Greatest Players of the Century, and by the Sunday Times as one of the 1000 Music Makers of the Millennium. In December 2000, ITV's "South Bank Show" chronicled her worldwide activities as performer, teacher and recording artist in a highly acclaimed documentary. 
Television.
Weir's six-part television series "King of Instruments" for the BBC in 1989 drew weekly audiences of two million in Great Britain. The series is now available on DVD.
Family.
She was married to the late American organ builder Lawrence Phelps.

</doc>
<doc id="2912207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912207" title="Solidarity Park">
Solidarity Park

Solidarity Park is located opposite the Parliament House in Perth, Western Australia. In 1997 a 'Workers Embassy' was set up on some vacant land opposite the Parliament House during union protests of the Court Governments 'third wave' legislation for industrial relations. What began with a caravan and portable barbecue soon transformed into a landscaped shelter with a monument to the trade union workers who have died during their work. Special mention was made to Mark Allen, a young CFMEU organiser who was killed on a building site while attempting to get workers down from an unsafe roof.

</doc>
<doc id="2912212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912212" title="Hiragana and katakana place names">
Hiragana and katakana place names

The hiragana cities of Japan are cities whose names are written in hiragana rather than kanji. Traditionally, all Japanese place names were written using kanji. However, some recently founded cities such as Tsukuba in Ibaraki Prefecture have names which have kanji, but are usually written in hiragana only.
Many of the cities whose names are written in hiragana have equivalent kanji names that are either phonetic manyōgana, or whose kanji are now obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="2912219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912219" title="Exetel">
Exetel

Exetel is an Australian ISP which provides ADSL, web hosting, VoIP, and other internet services to customers across Australia. Exetel's headquarters are based in offices in North Sydney and its switching centre is in a secure Data Centre facility in the Sydney CBD. Exetel has 110,000+ residential and business customers.
Exetel resells products from NBN Co, Telstra, Optus, Verizon Business, AAPT & BigAir. Many of the larger Australian ISPs have chosen to deploy their own infrastructure (including wireless) in order to provide faster and less expensive services than Telstra offers. Exetel does not deploy its own infrastructure outside of its own switching centres. Instead, it is a wholesale customer of Tier 1 wholesale telco providers who provide IP Transit, Intercapital Transmission and various Residential and Business Grade Access Network products that Exetel integrate and manage for its customers.
Exetel donates one third of the profit it makes to various, community based, endangered species protection and regeneration programs around Australia. Almost $450,000 was donated in 2009. Details on all of these programs can be found on the website.
History.
Exetel began operating in the early 1990s as a technology consulting company, providing technical and management consulting services until December 2003. At that time the Exetel administration decided to become a service provider of data and telephone communications services.
It began offering ADSL1 services in mid February 2004, SHDSL corporate services in April 2004 and Wireless Broadband through Unwired in June 2004. Towards the end of 2004 Exetel added wire line telephony services using the Verizon network and mobile services using the Vodafone network. Exetel activated its own VoIP switches in March 2006 and began offering ADSL2+ services on 20 July 2006.
Exetel now has PoPs in New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, Australian Capital Territory and Auckland.
On 18 November 2007 Exetel was included in the Deloitte's Rising Star listings as one of the fastest growing 50 Australian technology companies with a cumulative growth of 159% in that two-year period.
Currently Exetel employs 60 people in its North Sydney office, and over 120 people in its Sri Lankan office and its revenue in the 2009–10 financial year was a little over A$55,000,000 compared with revenue of a little over A$49,000,000 in the 2008–09 financial year. Exetel has been profitable in each of its years of operation to date and is on track to meet its profit forecasts for the current financial year.
Exetel service offerings.
General.
Exetel offers the following internet related services:
Bandwidth management.
Exetel has over 10Gbit/s of bandwidth linking its customers to Exetel and over 10Gbit/s+ of bandwidth linking Exetel to national and international internet networks. Multiple 1Gbit connections to PIPE Networks is also provided. Since it began operating Exetel has implemented various practices in an attempt in order to manage this bandwidth including the recent implementation of a Google cache.
Uncounted/off-peak period.
When it began operating Exetel took the unusual step of providing users with significant "free" data in an attempt to manage its bandwidth more effectively. It actively encourages users to carry out their heavy downloads during what is currently called either the "uncounted" or "off-peak" period. Times and allowances during this period have also varied since the policy was first implemented in February 2004. As of 21 July 2009 the off-peak period extends from midnight to midday AEST and the allowance within this period is 60GB per month. This period and its allowance is available to all residential ADSL and ADSL2+ customers, except those on bundled ADSL plans or zero quota ADSL2+ plans.
Despite there being a defined limit in the uncounted/off-peak period, Exetel does not actively prevent customers from downloading beyond that limit. While it used to discourage such action by placing users who exceed the limit in any month into separate bandwidth pools for the remainder of the month it, as of 1 February 2008, began applying excess charges to any downloads beyond the off-peak limit.
Endangered species conservation.
Exetel support various endangered species projects, currently: Gouldian finch, Black Cockatoo, Western Ground Parrot, Long-nosed Potaroo, Red-Tailed Phascogale, Regent Honeyeater and Spiny Daisy conservation. They are also funding a Sri Lankan Elephant/Human Conflict Reduction programme.
Exetel donate up to 33% of profits to these projects

</doc>
<doc id="2912225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912225" title="Sielun Veljet">
Sielun Veljet

Sielun Veljet () was a Finnish rock band of the 1980s. They were formed soon after the disbanding of Hassisen Kone by its former frontman Ismo Alanko. Sielun Veljet never achieved the fame or the record sales figures of Hassisen Kone, but they became famous for their powerful stage presence and aggressive, shamanistic post-punk musical style. Most of the band's recorded material is sung in Finnish, except for their 1989 album "Softwood Music Under Slow Pillars". They have also recorded English-language versions of their songs under the moniker L'amourder. In 2011, they released a new song, Nukkuva hirviö (Sleeping beast).
History.
Early history.
Sielun Veljet was formed shortly after Hassisen Kone, a successful and well-known new wave band, disbanded. Singer-guitarist Alanko and guitarist Jukka Orma wanted to start making a totally different kind of music than what Hassisen Kone had done and what the Finnish public expected of them. The band was complete with bassist Jouko Hohko and drummer Alf Forsman.
The band's live performances were loud, energetic and extremely intensive from the beginning, and people soon stopped expecting another Hassisen Kone. The concerts were sometimes extremely long—one gig in Nivala in the 1980s lasted for four and a half hours and ended only when security personnel forced Alanko off the stage.
The band's self-titled debut album was recorded live in 1983. Shortly thereafter, with the 1983 EP "Lapset" and the 1984 album "Hei soturit", the band started slowly gaining popularity. The two recordings were joined together on later releases.
Breakthrough.
"L'amourha" (1985) became the critical and commercial breakthrough for Sielun Veljet, and remains by far their highest selling album. "Peltirumpu" became the band's first real hit. The album and its follow-up "Kuka teki huorin" (1986) are considered the most accessible Sielun Veljet recordings, and remain the band's only studio album gold records. The song "On Mulla Unelma" (I have a dream) from "L'Amourha" album was banned by Finnish national broadcasting company, YLE, after it was performed by the band in the Härmärock television show that was broadcast on independence day. The song's lyrics blaspheme Finnish national symbols.
After "Kuka teki huorin", Sielun Veljet started re-recording some of their material in English in order to find an audience outside Finland. They recorded an EP "Ritual" (1986) and the album "Shit-Hot" (1987) using the alias L'amourder. The name is a direct translation of the name of their most successful album - "murha" means "murder" in Finnish. A tour in Europe followed, and the band was even allowed to tour in Soviet Russia, which proved to be a success.
"Suomi-Finland" (1988), recorded in Finnish, saw Sielun Veljet moving into a more acoustic sound than before. The album's lyrics concentrated on the issues present in late 1980s Finland, such as the growing influence of American culture. It was followed by all-acoustic "Softwood Music Under Slow Pillars" (1989), written in English but not released outside Finland.
Breakup.
After the commercial failure of "Softwood Music", the band decided to quit. A greatest hits collection "Myytävänä!" was released the same year, followed by a three-CD box set "Musta laatikko" in 1991. "Musta laatikko" included some rarely heard live and studio material, as well as a full live set under the alias Kullervo Kivi & Gehenna. A documentary film titled "Veljet" was also released in 1991.
In 2007, Jukka Orma mixed together some Tuomari Nurmio covers the band had recorded in 1990, some of which had been included on "Musta laatikko". The album was released as "Otteita Tuomari Nurmion laulukirjasta", and it reached #1 on the Finnish album charts, highest position ever for Sielun Veljet.
Influence.
Sielun Veljet has influenced several Finnish rock and metal bands, such as Maj Karma and Turmion Kätilöt. Turmion Kätilöt have covered the Sielun Veljet song "Volvot ulvoo kuun savuun" on their "Verta ja lihaa" single. A tribute album to them, titled "Säkenöivää voimaa - tribuutti Sielun Veljille", was released in 2002 and featured among others Timo Rautiainen & Trio Niskalaukaus, Maija Vilkkumaa (who has also recorded a cover of "Peltirumpu") and Neljä Ruusua.

</doc>
<doc id="2912226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912226" title="Küstrin">
Küstrin

Küstrin (), until 1928 also spelled "Cüstrin", was a town in the former Prussian province of Brandenburg in Germany, situated on both sides of the Oder river. After World War II the Allies established a new border along the Oder-Neisse line according to the Potsdam Agreement, and the city with the Brandenburg Neumark region was divided between post-war Germany and the Republic of Poland. Küstrin became part of Poland and was renamed Kostrzyn nad Odrą.
History.
The fortress of "Kosterin", then held by Duke Władysław Odonic of Greater Poland, was first mentioned in a 1232 deed, at the time when it was enfeoffed to the Knights Templar. A Polish castellany since 1249, it passed to the Ascanian margraves of Brandenburg in 1261. Margrave Albert III vested the surrounding settlement with Magdeburg rights in 1300. To take advantage of its strategic location, from 1536 the fortress was largely rebuilt as the residence of the Hohenzollern margrave John of Brandenburg-Küstrin ("Hans von Küstrin") and became one of the largest military structures in Germany under the rule of the "Great Elector" Frederick William during the 17th century.
Küstrin is significant as the site of the imprisonment of the young future King Frederick the Great by his father, Frederick William I, in September 1730. After his plans for fleeing Prussia with his friend Hans Hermann von Katte were discovered, Frederick was locked in Küstrin Tower, and ordered to watch the execution of his friend from his cell window. After his release from the prison, Frederick's father ordered him to stay on in Küstrin to learn the details of rural and city administration from the officials of the town.
In the late days of World War II, the fortress saw very heavy fighting between the Red Army and retreating Wehrmacht forces falling to Soviet forces on 11 March 1945. As a result, the Old Town section of Küstrin enclosed by its walls was completely destroyed and has not been rebuilt. The remaining German population was expelled. 
Fortress.
The former "Altstadt" (Old Town) quarter was completely comprised by the fortification located on the peninsula between the Oder River and its Warta confluence. It originally included five bastions and cavaliers but no ravelin outworks. Surrounded by several earth walls, the structure was protected not only by the river courses but also by extended swamps in the east. The Margraviate of Brandenburg-Küstrin spent about 160,000 guilders for the erection until 1557. 
In the following decade it was largely rebuilt as a brick construction according to plans by the Venetian architect Francesco Chiaramella de Gandino, who at the same time also worked on the Spandau Citadel. When Brandenburg-Küstrin fell back to the Hohenzollern main line upon the death of Margrave John in 1571, the construction of the walls continued under Elector John George of Brandenburg and his successors until 1619. The "Great Elector" Frederick William turned the fortress into barracks of the Brandenburg-Prussian Army in 1641.
The fortifications included the bastions "König", "Königin", "Kronprinz", "Kronprinzessin", "Philipp" and "Brandenburg", linked by walls and surrounded by a moat. It also comprised the ravelins "Albrecht", "Christian-Ludwig" and "August-Wilhelm". Three gates led into the town: Berlin Gate in the north, Zorndorf Gate in the east, and Kietz Gate in the south. The walls encompassed the town centre with Küstrin Castle, St Mary's Church and the Renaissance town hall.
Post-war.
Information related to the divided town can be found in the following articles:

</doc>
<doc id="2912227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912227" title="John Latham">
John Latham

John Latham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2912228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912228" title="State motorcyclists' rights organizations">
State motorcyclists' rights organizations

State motorcyclists' rights organizations (SMROs) exist in about 32 US states, 25 of which call themselves "ABATE of (state name)," the rest going by various other names. SMROs advocate for a point of view in motorcycling that is, in general, opposed to mandatory helmet laws, required motorcycle safety inspections, mandatory rider training and licensing, and other similar regulation. Instead SRMOs favor optional or voluntary motorcycle rider safety education, training, and licensing, and greater public awareness of motorcyclist safety issues. They also favor stronger penalties for car driver infractions such as right of way violations, or when drivers are at fault in accidents that harm motorcycle riders. SRMO activities include lobbying legislatures, letter writing campaigns, and paying for public service announcements and political advertisements. To carry out lobbying at the national level, a coalition of SRMO's created the Motorcycle Riders Foundation (MRF) to lobby in Washington DC. The SRMOs and MRF are often allied with the American Motorcyclist Association (AMA) on legislative issues.
ABATE.
ABATE is an acronym which originally stood for "A Brotherhood Against Totalitarian Enactments" and alternatively stands for "American Bikers Against Totalitarian Enactments", "A Brotherhood Aimed Towards Education", "American Bikers for Awareness, Training & Education", "American Bikers Aimed Towards Education", "American Bikers Advocating Training & Education" with other combination used.
Concept.
The concept of ABATE began with Lou Kimzey, editor of "Easyriders" magazine in 1972. He and others saw the need for bikers to organize to fight against federal and state restrictions on motorcycling. Some 35 years later, most states have a state motorcyclists' rights organizations (SMRO), either called ABATE or some other name. October 1977 Lou Kimzey and "Easyriders" were relinquishing the organization to the people attending the meeting in Sacramento.
In 1986, many ABATE organizations met at what became the "Meeting of the Minds" conference. This conference began the process of SMROs working together and eventually led to the founding of the Motorcycle Rider's Foundation (MRF) which is considered a Motorcycle Rights Organization (MRO) based in Washington DC. This group of SMROs acted to eliminate federal helmet law requirements, make sure motorcycles are part of transportation planning and ensure that motorcycles are allowed on all public roads. 
MRF is an organization set up in Washington DC to watch over motorcycle legislation and to take action when the federal government has an agenda that would not be motorcycle friendly. SMRO's including ABATE work with the MRF and most have a state officer involved in the MRF. ABATE organization use the MRF to share state information, and get more information on a federal level as well as information from other states. Most SMRO and ABATE groups work with other (MRO) groups besides the MRF, such as the American Motorcyclist Association. Many ABATE organizations have websites, and most often list the other groups they are involved with, work with, from national MRO groups, insurance programs, lawyers, and rider training or safety and education programs. 
ABATE was formed in response to keep motorcycle choppers, with extended front ends that were deemed unsafe, on the road; but now SMROs deal with a large variety of motorcycling related issues. Motorcycle safety training, health insurance issues and road engineering with respect to motorcycles are all areas dealt with by ABATE organizations. Many states' rider training programs are either run by or administered by ABATE organizations. ABATE of Arizona runs a Motorcycle Awareness Program or MAP.
ABATE groups also are involved in charity events like Toy Runs, food drives and first responder/EMT training. But ABATE is still a political organization exerting political clout through the activities of member motorcyclists. ABATE chapters exist in most states. ABATE is not a motorcycle club, nor is it a Harley riders only organization.
Motorcycle Awareness Program.
The Motorcycle Awareness Program (MAP), commonly referred to as The MAP Program or Share The Road Program, is an American creation of the combined efforts of various state motorcyclists' rights organizations. This program is geared toward teaching the driving public to maintain a greater awareness of the motorcyclists with whom they share the road. The success of the program has led to similar initiatives throughout the world.
Arizona.
ABATE of Arizona's MAP, is coordinated by the State Safety Officer of the organization, and is presented with the help of many members of the MRO's (ABATE and MMA of AZ) and Motorcycle Clubs throughout Arizona.
MAP Certified Instructors guest lecture in driver's education classes throughout the region. The lecture includes information about how to "Share the Road" with motorcycles, vulnerability of motorcyclists, instructional videos and handouts, and an on-site riding demonstration to help visualize information presented. 
Funding for the MAP Program is provided by the membership of ABATE of Arizona, through their various fund raising events and membership dues. Additionally, some product and advertising funds are provided by the Motorcycle Safety Fund, made up of one dollar added registration tax on motorcycles within the state, through the Governor's Office of Highway Safety.
Criticism.
ABATE chapters have been criticized for the appearance of hypocrisy in their road safety message, in that while their public service advertisements aimed to get drivers to be more aware of motorcycles are helpful, the chapters undermine that message by opposing mandatory helmet laws, and by appearing to encourage alcohol consumption while riding.
The traffic and commuting beat columnist for "The Baltimore Sun", Michael Dresser, wrote in July 2007 that, "While ABATE Maryland's message is great, there are some problems with the messenger. [...] ABATE's arguments against helmet laws are largely based on the dubious premise that they violate individual rights or invade privacy. Gimme a break. Maryland has invested billions or dollars to build a public road system. So if the state decides to require users of that network to take steps to avoid spilling the contents of their skulls on public pavement, it is well within its rights." Dresser further criticizes the practice of holding the majority of Maryland ABATE chapter meetings in bars, pointing out his observation that one meeting place is at an open air bar where motorcycle riders can often be seen consuming alcohol before noon. Dresser contrasts this with the Motorcycle Safety Foundation, which has urged riders to not consume even one drink before riding, saying that even a road-legal blood alcohol level of 0.05% increases a rider's risk by 40 times, due to the greater challenge of motorcycle riding compared to driving a car. 
In response to a deluge of counter-points and demands for an apology, Dresser ran a second column in which he offered 7 point-by-point rebuttals to the letters from ABATE members. Among the objections were that Dresser was unfairly perpetuating a stereotype of rowdy, irresponsibly-drunk bikers, and that due to this negative stereotype, the ABATE chapter had been turned down by more than 40 taverns before they found one to accept them. Members also said that the Founding Fathers of the United States also met in taverns to plan the revolution. Dresser was also criticized for emphasizing the helmet law issue, when in fact Maryland ABATE had made increased penalties for right-of-way violators a top legislative priority, and had assisted handicapped people in getting disabled parking permit license plates. In response to readers who emphasized the freedom of choice argument against helmet laws, Dresser replied that, "Freedom is a much-abused word. There are essential freedoms -- free speech, free press, habeas corpus, religion, the ballot, to name a few -- that are worth fighting for. Then there's simply foolish behavior we're used to getting away with."
The following week, Dresser ran a third column in which he quoted letters from motorcyclists who were also uncomfortable with ABATE's anti-helmet law position, and from some ABATE members who agreed that the organization was excessively focused on alcohol consumption at their gatherings. Several other correspondents told anecdotes of helmet laws saving riders' lives, and others noted that the image of motorcyclists was not only harmed by hard-drinking middle-aged cruiser riders, which they saw as the ABATE demographic, but also by packs of young males speeding and doing stunts on sport bikes.

</doc>
<doc id="2912229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912229" title="New Castle Presbytery">
New Castle Presbytery

The New Castle Presbytery is the parent organization of the 55 churches, 120 ministers, and 12,000 members of the Presbyterian Church (USA), Synod of Mid-Atlantic covering Delaware and the Maryland Eastern Shore. The Presbytery was formed in 1717 after the division of the Presbytery of Philadelphia into three presbyteries, which were subordinate to the newly formed Synod of Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="2912232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912232" title="Herrmannstadt">
Herrmannstadt

Herrmannstadt is the German name for the following cities:

</doc>
<doc id="2912239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912239" title="Countess of Chester Hospital NHS Foundation Trust">
Countess of Chester Hospital NHS Foundation Trust

The Countess of Chester is the main NHS hospital for Chester and its surrounding area. The site was officially opened in 1984. It currently has 625 beds, general medical departments and a 24-hour accident and emergency unit. 
Current site.
The hospital, which was one of the first Foundation Trusts, is generally considered to be of a high quality. It has consistently received the top 3-star rating in the national performance charts. 
The hospital mainly comprises two or three storey buildings across the site. Most are interconnected with walkways, a large glass 'sky-bridge' links the main hospital to the paediatric and pre-natal department. It has a new extended outpatient wing known as the CARE building or Outpatients Four. Opened in January 2006, it houses the Cardiac Catheter Laboratory, Department of Clinical Audiology, Renal & Urology Department and ENT Department. 
In 2007, the Countess of Chester became the first hospital in the UK to completely ban smoking for both workers and patients.
History.
In 1829, the Cheshire Lunatic Asylum opened on part of the site. The county's mental health unit was based in the 'Lunatic Asylum Building'. The name of the site changed throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries, from the "Chester County Lunatic Asylum", to "County Mental Hospital", to the "Upton Mental Hospital", finally the "Deva Hospital". During this period, treatment for mental illness changed from institutional confinement to medication and therapy making the wards less busy. Eventually less than 5% of patients were kept confined in the hospital for treatment.
By 1948, Chester Royal Infirmary specialized in surgery and out-patients and the City Hospital, Hoole, in chronic illnesses, chest, maternity, paediatric, and general medical cases. Pre-war plans for the expansion of the Infirmary were eventually revived. In 1963 a large out-patient and casualty department was opened at the infirmary this was accompanied with the completion of Chester inner ring road in 1967. However after the creation of the West Cheshire HMC (hospital management committee), a fresh decision was taken to focus all the hospital services for district at a purpose-built site on Liverpool Road adjacent to the county mental hospital facilities. 
In 1968 the new site was renamed the West Cheshire Hospital. The maternity unit at the City Hospital was transferred to a new building at the south end of the site in 1971. With the opening of a new general wing and A&E department in 1983, several surgical departments from the Royal Infirmary were relocated to the new buildings. On 30 May 1984, West Cheshire Hospital was officially renamed the "Countess of Chester" Hospital by Prince Charles and Princess Diana. 
In 1993 the Royal Infirmary site was closed after its remaining departments were transferred to the Countess. The City Hospital, which had become a 120-bed geriatric unit, was closed in 1994 after its services were taken over by the Countess in 1991. 

</doc>
<doc id="2912241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912241" title="Countess of Chester">
Countess of Chester

Countess of Chester may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="2912242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912242" title="Sleeping Beauty (Ross Macdonald novel)">
Sleeping Beauty (Ross Macdonald novel)

Sleeping Beauty is a 1973 novel by Ross Macdonald.
Plot.
Private eye Lew Archer finds himself the confidant of a wealthy, violent family with a load of trouble on their hands - including an oil spill, a missing girl, a lethal dose of nembutal, a six figure ransom and a stranger afloat, face down, off a private beach.

</doc>
<doc id="2912245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912245" title="Governor Furnas Arboretum">
Governor Furnas Arboretum

The Governor Furnas Arboretum is a young arboretum located in Brownville, Nebraska, United States.
The arboretum was planted in 1992-1993, and became an affiliate of the Nebraska Statewide Arboretum in 1996. It now contains over 100 species, including European beech, sweetgum, blackgum, willow oak, fringe tree, Balkan pine, and Japanese kerria.
The arboretum honors former Governor Robert W. Furnas, a Brownville native who became Nebraska's second governor in 1872. Together with Julius Sterling Morton, he promoted the planting of trees across Nebraska, and in 1874 signed a proclamation declaring the first Arbor Day.

</doc>
<doc id="2912257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912257" title="Eric James">
Eric James

Eric Arthur James FKC AKC (14 April 1925 – 1 May 2012) was an Anglican clergyman, Chaplain Extraordinary to HM the Queen and for many years a regular participant in the "Thought for the Day" feature of BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme. He was associated with St Albans Cathedral for some years.
Early life.
James was born in Essex. He left Dagenham County High School in Dagenham, Essex, at fourteen, when the Second World War broke out, and worked for seven years at a riverside wharf on the Thames where the Globe Theatre now stands. After the war, he was accepted as a student by King's College London, where he studied Theology, gaining an MA and BD. 
Career.
After he was ordained he became Assistant Curate of St Stephen with St John, Westminster, from 1951-5.
He was Chaplain of Trinity College, Cambridge from 1955-9, and thereby became associated with some of the best known clerics of his generation: Mervyn Stockwood, John Robinson (author of the bestseller "Honest to God"), Robert Runcie and Trevor Huddleston. He was Select Preacher from 1959-60 to the University of Cambridge.
From 1959-64 he was Vicar of St George, Camberwell, and Warden of Trinity College Mission. From 1964-9 he was Director of Parish and People. From 1964-72 he was also Proctor in Convocation.
James was made Chaplain to the Queen in 1984 and was Preacher to Gray's Inn from 1978 to 1997, as well as Director of Christian Action from 1979 to 1990 and one of the people who inspired the 1985 "Faith in the City" report. He was Select Preacher from 1991-2 to the University of Oxford, and was awarded the Lambeth degree of DD in 1993.
He was also the biographer of John Robinson, Bishop of Woolwich.
Personal life.
He lived in the London Charterhouse. He died on 1 May 2012.

</doc>
