<doc id="2890786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890786" title="Teen Power Inc.">
Teen Power Inc.

Teen Power Inc., now known as Raven Hill Mysteries is a series of books created by notable Australian author Emily Rodda, even though many of the books are actually penned by other authors who receive credit on the inside title page. The series, originally published in the mid-90s is being reprinted under the name "Raven Hill Mysteries". As of 2006 the first six titles have been reissued.
Premise.
The series revolves around six teenagers who have set up a part-time job agency, Teen Power Inc. (changed to Help-for-Hire in the republished editions) to work for cash before and after school. Usually, their jobs end up getting them into trouble and each book in the series generally revolves around one main mystery for the gang to solve; with the narrator being the crime-solver. The gang consists of: Richelle Brinkley, Sunny Chan, Liz Free, Nick Kontellis, Tom Moysten and Elmo Zimmer.
Structure.
Each novel in the series is narrated by a different person. For the first fourteen books, the narration followed the cycle order of Liz-Tom-Richelle-Elmo-Sunny-Nick. However, after book 14 (Tom), book 15 was narrated by Sunny instead of Richelle. The series reverted to the original order for the fourth cycle (books 19-24) but then scrambled again for the fifth and last cycle (books 25-30), with Richelle starting the narration instead of Liz. However, each cycle of six books without exception has one contribution from every member of the Teen Power Inc group.
The Raven Hill Mysteries reprint.
The Teen Power Inc books were relaunched in the US in 2006 under the name "Raven Hill Mysteries". In the reprints, the name of the job agency is changed to "Help-for-hire" and certain book titles were also changed (such as "St Elmo's Fire" becoming "Deep Secrets"). Further, the order of the reprints has been scrambled, causing major continuity problems given that the final book in the original series ("Dead End") which dealt with a criminal from Teen Power's past coming back to seek revenge on the gang which put him in jail, has been published sixth in the new series and prior to the book which first introduced this criminal.

</doc>
<doc id="2890788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890788" title="Argenton-sur-Creuse">
Argenton-sur-Creuse

Argenton-sur-Creuse is a commune in the Indre department in central France. It lies on the Creuse River, 19 miles south-southwest of Châteauroux, close to the A20 motorway.
History.
The modern city is built close to the site of the Gallo-Roman city of Argentomagus which lies a little to the north. The site has been developed as a museum visitor attraction. The name of the ancient town probably derives from the Latin word for "silver", as the town was a center of silver work.
The 11th edition of the Encyclopædia Britannica of 1911 described the city as follows: "The river is crossed by two bridges, and its banks are bordered by picturesque old houses. There are numerous tanneries, and the manufacture of boots, shoes and linen goods is carried on". One of the riverside mills has been converted into the "Museum of the Shirt and Masculine Elegance".
Neighborhood.
The village of Saint-Benoît-du-Sault is 20 minutes away by road. South of Argenton is the valley of the River Creuse. The village of Gargilesse is nearby; there the home of the writer George Sand may be visited.

</doc>
<doc id="2890789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890789" title="Giewont">
Giewont

Giewont () is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains of Poland, and is 1,895 metres AMSL at its highest.
It comprises three peaks (all m/metres in AMSL):
There is a mountain pass located between Great and Long Giewont, known as Szczerba (1,823 m). It is located between the valleys ("doliny") of Kondratowa, Małej Łąki and Strążyska. Long Giewont and Great Giewont are situated at a higher altitude than the nearby town of Zakopane, making them clearly visible from that city. 
On Great Giewont, there is a 15 m steel cross that is the site of many religious pilgrimages. Unfortunately, the area is also notorious for its hazardous nature during thunderstorms, so this should be taken into consideration when traveling to that location.
Geologically, Giewont is composed of dolomite and limestone caves, as well as gneiss and granite in the southern section.
The first recorded ascent to Giewont's summit was undertaken in 1830 by Franciszek Herbich and Aleksander Zawadzki (the 19th century explorer, not the 20th century communist). The first winter ascent of Giewont occurred in 1904 by a group of five mountaineers led by Mariusz Zaruski. 
Giewont lies in the area of the Polish Tatra National Park ("Tatrzański Park Narodowy"). In Polish folklore it is associated with a legend about oversleeping knights, who will awake when Poland is in danger. The profile of the mountains is similar to a lying knight, wherein the Long Giewont is the knight's torso, and the Great Giewont is the knight's face as viewed from the side (the three 'peaks' being the chin, the nose, and the eyebrow). The image of Giewont as viewed from the south (see below) makes the profile easy to discern.

</doc>
<doc id="2890790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890790" title="Newport-class tank landing ship">
Newport-class tank landing ship

"Newport"-class tank-landing ships are an improved class of tank-landing ship (LST) designed for the United States Navy. The ships were intended to provide substantial advantages over their World War II-era predecessors. Of the twenty completed, four were sunk as targets, four were retained as inactive reserves and the rest were sold to foreign navies.
Class description.
Twenty ships of the "Newport" tank landing ship class were built to replace the traditional bow door design LST.
The Newport class has higher speeds and trimmer lines than the LSTs of World War II. The vessels have two huge derricks used to extend and retract a bow ramp. The ramp has a 75-ton capacity.
The Newport class is the first amphibious ship to be fitted with an internal side propulsion unit located below the waterline near the bow. The bow thruster allows the bow to be pushed from side to side while the stern remains nearly stationary.
This class of LST also has a stern gate. It allows them to load and launch amphibious assault vehicles, and permits sterngate matings with Landing Craft Utility (LCU) units.

</doc>
<doc id="2890796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890796" title="Ivy and the Big Apples">
Ivy and the Big Apples

Ivy and the Big Apples is the third album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. It became a double platinum selling record which reached the top 10 list in Australia and won the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Alternative Release. It features the single "Buy Me a Pony" which reached number one on Triple J's Hottest 100 in 1996. The second single "Calypso" achieved number 13 on the Australian singles chart and was notably featured in the movie "10 Things I Hate About You", despite not being featured on the soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="2890801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890801" title="Sort code">
Sort code

A sort code is the name given by both the British and Irish banking industry to the bank codes which are used to route money transfers between banks within their respective countries via their respective clearance organisations. In Ireland it is known as the NSC or National Sort Code and is regulated by IPSO (Irish Payment Services Organisation). Although sort codes in both countries have the same format, they are regulated by different authorities as each country has its own banking system.
Banks in Northern Ireland can be part of either the British or the Irish clearing system, depending on their country of registration.
Also, sort codes for Northern Ireland branches of banks registered in both Northern Ireland and the Republic, are valid, and recognised for use in the Republic. The numbering ranges for both are complementary, but do not overlap.
The sort code, which is a six-digit number, is usually formatted as three pairs of numbers, for example 12-34-56. It identifies both the bank and the branch where the account is held. In some cases, the first digit of the sort code identifies the bank itself and in other cases the first 2 digits identify the bank. Although there is a strong correlation between BIC Codes and sort codes, sort codes are not explicitly encoded into BIC codes (although they are encoded into IBANs).
History.
Six-digit sort codes were introduced in a staggered process during the 1960s as the banking industry moved towards automation. Prior to this and to facilitate the manual processing of cheques branches were allocated a 'national code' which would comprise anything between three and five digits. These took the following form:
The bank itself was allocated a main number alphabetically; Lloyds Bank for example was allocated 3, National Provincial was allocated 5, Martins was allocated 11.
Main clearing branches (usually elite London branches) would bear only one digit after the main number, e.g. 111. Metropolitan branches
(which covered Greater London) consisted of two digits after the main number, e.g. 1124. Country branches made up the rest of the country, and bear three digits after the main number, e.g. 11056. They were displayed on cheques in this fashion, with the bank identifier taking precedence.
To facilitate the move to a six-digit-structure the national codes were retained but where a single-digit was used to identify the bank a two-digit range was introduced, e.g. Barclays branches went from 2 to 20, Midland from 4 to 40, etc.
List of sort codes of the United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom the initial digits of bank sort codes are allocated to settlement members of the Cheque and Credit Clearing Company and the Belfast Bankers' Clearing Committee. These numbers are six digits long, formatted into three pairs which are separated by hyphens.
The following list shows the first two digits of the sort codes allocated to clearing banks. Thus, in the example 01-10-01, "01" indicates that the bank is a branch of the National Westminster Bank; the other sets of digits are for internal use. This example represents the NatWest branch in Spring Gardens, Manchester. Clearing banks can act for other banks, so looking up a bank by sort code in this list does not always mean the account is actually handled by that bank, e.g. the sort code 08-32-00 HMRC VAT is not a Co-operative Bank account but a Citibank account, as is 08-32-10 for National Insurance.
Cheque and Credit Clearing Company.
The clearing system in Great Britain is managed by the Cheque and Credit Clearing Company, under the umbrella of the Association for Payment Clearing Services.
London clearings.
In 1991 the Committee of London and Scottish Bankers, formerly the Committee of London Clearing Bankers, was wound up and its work absorbed with that of the British Bankers' Association. In the following list the dates in parenthesis signify the year of merger with the present-day sort code holder, or subsidiary thereof.
Scottish clearings.
Separately operated by the Committee of Scottish Clearing Bankers until 1985.
Belfast Bankers' Clearing Company.
The clearing system in Northern Ireland is operated under the Belfast Clearing Rules which are agreed by the Belfast Bankers’ Clearing Company Ltd. (formerly the Northern Ireland Bankers’ Association).
Sort codes of the Republic of Ireland.
The sort code ranges in use in the Republic of Ireland are broadly similar to those used in Northern Ireland. Exceptions include:
Sort codes in the 70 range.
When the six-digit sort code system was set-up in the 1960s, numbers in the 70 range were reserved for the large number of London offices of banks which were not members of the London Clearing. Individual sort codes within the range 70-00-00 to 70-99-99 were allocated on a one-off basis to the many London offices of private and foreign banks. Cheques drawn on these banks were colloquially known within the banking industry as "walks" because they were cleared by being hand-delivered ("walked") to the drawee banks by messengers from the Clearing House. By the 1990s, all these banks had been issued with sort codes within the ranges of the various clearing banks which, henceforth, acted as clearing agents for them. The practice of "walking" cheques was ended and use of the 70 code range was discontinued.
International clearance.
The British and Irish sort codes are only used for domestic money transfers. If money is being transferred across international borders, an international network is used. Many European countries use the IBAN as a means of identifying bank account numbers, but transfers to, amongst others, the United States and Australia make use of the BIC Codes. Characters 9 to 14 of British and Irish IBANs hold the bank account sort code.
In some countries there is no direct equivalent of sort codes as the bank and branch codes are maintained separately from each other in those countries. Other countries, however, have codes which are equivalent to sort codes, but with formats unique to the country concerned. Examples include:
The codes listed above for Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Sweden are incorporated into the IBANs for those countries.

</doc>
<doc id="2890805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890805" title="Wes Walters">
Wes Walters

Wes(ley) Walters, Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize.
Born Mildura, Victoria, 1928. He was a realist portrait painter and abstract artist. He painted nearly 200 portraits of leading Australians, especially academics, businessmen, artists, and musicians. Awarded Minnie Crouch Prize in 1953 and 1956.
He won the 1979 Archibald prize in 1980 with a portrait of Phillip Adams. He was a finalist in the Doug Moran National Portrait Prize in 1988 and 1990. He painted a 1.3 metre high, 1 metre wide portrait of the Central Queensland University's Chancellor, Justice Stan Jones. In 1998 he painted Donald Bradman.

</doc>
<doc id="2890808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890808" title="Sebastian Kappen">
Sebastian Kappen

Sebastian Kappen (4 January 1924, Kodikulam, Kerala (India) - 30 November 1993, Bangalore, India), was an Indian Jesuit priest and theologian.
Formation and studies.
Born in a traditional family of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Kappen entered the Society of Jesus at the age of 20 (in 1944), and was ordained a priest on 24 March 1957. He pursued studies at the Gregorian University (Rome), obtaining a doctorate in Theology (1961) with a thesis on "Religious Alienation and Praxis according to Marx’s Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844". This was a time when Marxism was growing in influence in his home state of Kerala, in India.
Away from scholasticism and its essentialism, he found in Marxian tools of social analysis effective instruments to understand the people's alienation from freedom and loss of ability to contribute to the wellbeing of society.
Evolving thought and action.
Henceforth, Freud, Marx and the gospel of Mark became the dialectical poles of Kappen’s thought and life, in view of liberating the human person from hidden oppressive psychological and social forces. Healing and wholeness are found in the person of Jesus, the Son of God.
His theological stances evoked strong criticism in traditional circles of the Church. In 1972 Kappen moved out of Jesuit large institutions and started living among the poor wherever he was posted: in Cochin, and later in Trivandrum, Madras and Bangalore as well. Despite regular attempts to bring him back into regular Jesuit community life, his superiors ultimately consented to let him adopt a lifestyle more conducive to his creative writing. His "locus theologicus" was the people, and particularly the poor.
His studies were geared towards transformative social action in India. This led him to a study of the liberating and humanizing potential of the original teachings of Jesus, with a strong preference for the Gospel of Mark. He also drew on Indian traditions, particularly that of religious dissent represented by the Buddha and the medieval Bhakti Movement. He wrote and lectured extensively on the cultural restructuring of Indian society.
Ever critical of systems, structures and institutions, Kappen felt his search was leading him beyond denominational and religious affiliations as well as political ideology. In Kappen's view, No political, religious or economic system was absolute, but were all to be valued only insofar as they serve the people. Thus, he felt that party and their ideologies, even of religious ones, could act as spiritual prisons, which he did not want to be confined in, while Jesus offered freedom.
This stance in particular brought him into conflict with Rome. In 1977, he published "Jesus and Freedom", with an introduction by the Belgian priest and professor at the Louvain University François Houtart. The book came under official Church scrutiny. Kappen responded with a pamphlet entitled "Censorship and the Future of Asian Theology". He wrote: “I write with responsibility. There can be defects or errors in my work. I am not infallible. Responsible thinkers and scholars the world over could judge and sift my work. In public discussions we can help each other and learn from one another. That is how truth grows in history: through a social process, and not through secret censorship”.
Kappen had been visiting professor to the Pontifical Faculty of Theology (Pune), Vidyajyoti College of Theology (Delhi), The Catholic University of Louvain (Belgium) and Maryknoll Seminary (New York).
Kappen began experiencing heart problems in the 1980s. He first quit smoking, then began slowing his intellectual pursuits. Nonetheless, he was particularly incensed by the bombing of Iraq in the gulf war of 1990-1991. It is possible that this heightened emotional state contributed to a fatal heart attack on 30 November 1993. Kappen died in Bangalore; his body was returned to Kozhikode, where he is buried.

</doc>
<doc id="2890814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890814" title="Konrad Becker">
Konrad Becker

Konrad Becker (born January 9, 1959 in Vienna) is a hypermedia researcher and interdisciplinary content developer, Director of the Institute for New Culture Technologies-t0 and initiator of Public Netbase and World-Information.Org. Since 1979, he has been active in electronic media as an artist, writer, composer, curator, producer and organizer of numerous intermedia productions, exhibitions, and event designs for international festivals and cultural institutions. He has published media works, electronic audiovisuals and theoretical texts, lectured and held positions at various universities, and participated in conferences and symposia. He has been a member of various boards and committees on information and communication technologies and culture, and has worked as a consultant.
As a musician Konrad Becker created Monoton, the crucial Austrian electronic music act providing distinguished soundscapes. The Wire magazine singled out Monoton’s record "Monotonprodukt07" as one of the 100 most important records of the 20th century. Konrad Becker has recently focused on notebook live jamming with minimalist rigor.
At the borderline between sound art, psychoacoustics and contemporary dance practices, Konrad Becker's project has crossed a variety of genres over the years and has gone through various mutations and side projects. Starting with meta-mathematical and performative multimedia installations, from industrial ambience noise to audio software art and a dance context in the early rave scene he also developed theatrical productions.
""Like other Germanic groups (Kraftwerk, Neu, Cluster, Conrad Schnitzler), Monoton's products have turned out to be fine forerunners of certain trends in electronic music at the end of the twentieth century."" (Eric Mattson, ORAL, 2002)
A focal point of Konrad Becker’s activities as a new media researcher, activist and theoretician is the Institute for New Culture Technologies-t0, which he founded together with Francisco de Sousa Webber. Starting its activities in 1993, t0 created one of the first arts and culture related sites on the emerging World Wide Web. It is one of the pioneering organizations in this field in Europe and has also assumed a very important role on the local level as a main site for the development of the new media arts and cultural scene in Vienna/Austria. t0’s activities are implemented mainly through long-term projects / sub-organizations, e.g. Public Netbase and World-Information.Org, currently: World-Information Institute.
In addition to the strategic development of the Institute and it’s projects, Becker’s activities include the conceptualization of conferences and exhibitions, lecturing, research projects; his theoretical approach is also developed in a series of books which started in 2002 with "Tactical Reality Dictionary".

</doc>
<doc id="2890818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890818" title="T-rules">
T-rules

The T(ea)-rules ("T(hee)-regels"), are a set of conjugation rules used in the Dutch language to determine whether the second person singular/plural and the first and third person singular of a verb end in "-t" or not. These rules are related to the 't kofschip-rule, which is used to determine the verb end for past tenses and participles. The combined sets of rules are also known as the d/t-rules.
However the actual rules for Dutch conjugation are more complex.
Second person pronouns.
"Jij/je" (2nd singular)
The pronoun "jij/je" only makes the verb end in "-t" if it precedes the verb, and if the verb is in the present simple or present perfect indicative. Modal verbs and the future/conditional auxiliary "zullen" allow forms with and without "-t" (but the subject pronoun must still precede the verb for the "-t" form to appear). This pronoun is informal and can be used in written language.
If the radical of the verb end in "-t", the "jij" form always ends in "-t":
With the verbs "houden", "rijden" and verbs derived from them, the "-d" of the radical can be dropped if it is not followed by "-t". In a formal context, usually the "d" is not dropped.
"Jullie" (2nd plural).
The pronoun "jullie" always makes the verb end in "-en". The ending "-t" is also possible, but this form is archaic (although it does survive in Brabantian dialect).
"Gij/ge" (2nd sing./plur.).
The pronoun "gij/ge" makes the verb end in "-t", whether the pronoun precede or follow the verb. Modal and auxiliary forms also end in "-t". This pronoun is used informally in spoken language in North Brabant and Flanders only. Its written form only appears in archaic texts where it compares to English "thou".
No extra "-t" is added if the verb stem already end in "-t". The ending "-t" is added after "-d":
In the subjunctive and in the regular past, the "-t" survives only as an archaic form:
In informal speech (only in Flanders/Brabant), the verb ends in "-de" or "-te", if "gij" follows the verb. In very informal speech (only in Flanders/Brabant), the subject is dropped altogether.
Third person singular and "u"/"U".
The rules for third person singular subjects and the pronoun "u"/"U" (2nd person sing./plur.) are the same: the verb takes "-t" in the simple present and present perfect tense of the indicative. Modal verbs and "zullen" (will) have forms without "-t". This pronoun is formal and is used in both written and spoken language. The capital notation "U" is very formal and is used for royalty or deities.
The first person singular for non-modal verb is identical to the radical. The form can end in a vowel or in a consonant (including "t"). For the verbs "houden", "rijden" and their derivatives, the "-d" of the radical can be dropped in spoken language. In a formal context, the "d" is not dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="2890819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890819" title="Francis Giacco">
Francis Giacco

Francis Giacco (born 1955) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1994 with "Homage to John Reichard". Giacco has a Bachelor of Architecture from the UNSW and is a longtime teacher at the Julian Ashton Art School, The Rocks, Sydney. His classes are characterized by a structured and logical approach to the tradition of classical drawing and painting techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="2890828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890828" title="Sheguiandah">
Sheguiandah

Sheguiandah is a Paleo-Indian archaeological site on the northeastern shore of Manitoulin Island, Manitoulin District, Ontario, Canada. It was originally discovered in 1951 by Thomas E. Lee, who led excavation teams for the next four years. He estimated the earliest occupation date of about 30 000 years BP, as well as noting Paleo-Indian and Archaic artifacts dating to about 10,000 BCE. Public interest in the finds was so high that it contributed to passage of legislation in 1953 to protect archeological sites in Ontario. 
The site was studied later by other teams of specialists. In 1992 archeologist Peter L. Storck and geologist Patrick Julig led a team doing additional excavations. Drawing on new material from botany and related disciplines, they concluded that a more conservative estimate was justified, and estimated the site was almost certainly occupied 9 500 years BP by Paleo-Indians, making it significant in North American archaeology and the archaeology of Ontario. They also said that more research needed to be done.
The site was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1954. 

</doc>
<doc id="2890829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890829" title="Dear Hearts and Gentle People">
Dear Hearts and Gentle People

"Dear Hearts and Gentle People" is a popular song published in 1949 with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Bob Hilliard. They were inspired to write the song based on a scrap of paper with the words "Dear friends and gentle hearts" written on it that was found on the body of Stephen Foster when he was discovered in a New York hotel room in January 1864.
Popular versions were recorded in 1949 by Dinah Shore, Gordon MacRae, Bing Crosby and Dennis Day. In the United Kingdom, the song was recorded by Doreen Lundy. Later recordings were made by Perry Como in 1959 and again in 1980. The song references the singer's hometown, and different versions allude to a range of U.S. states.
Versions.
The Dinah Shore recording was recorded on September 9, 1949, and released by Columbia Records (as catalog number 38605). This version alludes to Tennessee, Shore's home state. The recording first appeared on the "Billboard" charts on November 18, 1949, lasting 16 weeks and peaking at position number seven.
The Gordon MacRae recording was recorded on October 21, 1949, and released by Capitol Records (as catalog number 777). It peaked at number 19 on the "Billboard" charts. The flip side was "Mule Train," which MacRae recorded October 1, 1949.
The Bing Crosby recording was recorded on October 26, 1949, and released by Decca Records (as catalog number 24798). This version mentions Idaho, close to Crosby's home state of Washington. The flip side was "Mule Train". The recording first appeared on the "Billboard" charts on November 25, 1949, lasting 16 weeks and peaking at number two.
The Dennis Day recording was released by RCA Victor Records as a 78rpm single (catalog number 20-3596), and as a 45rpm single (catalog number 47-3102). The recording first appeared on the "Billboard" charts on January 13, 1950, lasting three weeks and peaking at number 19.
The Doreen Lundy recording was recorded on February 22, 1950, and released by EMI's UK Columbia Records label (as catalog number DB 2649).
The song was performed by Gene Autry and the Cass County Boys in the 1950 Columbia Pictures film "Beyond the Purple Hills".
The Perry Como recording of April 23, 1959, was released as a track on the album "Como Swings" (catalog number LSP-2010). The Como recording of July 1980, from a live performance, was released on the album "Perry Como Live on Tour" in 1981 (catalog number AQL1-3826).
A version of the song was also recorded by The Springfields, featuring Dusty Springfield on vocals.
A recording of the song by Bob Crosby and the Bobcats was featured in the trailer for the 2008 post-apocalyptic video game "Fallout 3"., although it is not heard in-game.

</doc>
<doc id="2890830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890830" title="Christopher Simpson">
Christopher Simpson

Christopher Simpson (1602/1606–1669) was an English musician and composer, particularly associated with music for the viola da gamba.
Life.
Simpson was born between 1602 and 1606, probably at Egton, Yorkshire. He was the eldest son of Christopher Sympson, a Yorkshireman, who is usually described as a cordwainer but who was also the manager of a theatre company patronised by wealthy Yorkshire Catholics. It is thought that Sympson senior may have preferred to portray himself at times as a simple craftsman, rather than a high-profile Catholic sympathiser, at a time when Catholics were harshly persecuted in England. There is a theory (put forward by Urquart) that Christopher Simpson (junior), the musician, could have been the same Simpson (or Sampson) who was educated as a Jesuit in continental Europe and was ordained as a Catholic priest in 1629. However, Simpson's death in 1669 is at odds with the evidence that the Jesuit Simpson lived until 1674.
Simpson fought in the English Civil War, on the Royalist side and, in 1642, was a quarter-master in the army of the Earl (later Duke) of Newcastle. Following the siege of York, Simpson took refuge at the manor of Sir Robert Bolles (1619–1663), at Scampton, Lincolnshire, where Bolles employed him as a resident musician and tutor to his son John.
Simpson remained in the Bolles' household (either in Lincolnshire, or their house in London) for the remainder of his life. His will was made on 5 May 1669 and was proved in London on 29 July 1669. It seems likely that he died at Sir John Bolles' house in Holborn, London, or possibly at Scampton Hall.
Works.
Simpson made a small contribution to John Playford's work "A Brief Introduction to the Skill of Musick" but is best known for his own book, "The Division Viol, or the Art of Playing upon a Ground" (published 1659) which is a set of practical instructions, organised into three sections: "Of the Viol it self, with Instructions how to Play upon it"; "Use of the Concords, or a Compendium of Descant"; and "The Method of ordering Division to a Ground". The second edition (published in 1665) is a parallel text in English and Latin, thus addressing both the British and continental European markets. It was a highly successful publication and continued to appear in new editions for sixty years after the death of its author. With the revival of early music during the 20th century, and renewed interest in the viol, Simpson's book was read with renewed interest by those who sought to rediscover the "authentic" technique for playing the instrument.
The accompanying portrait of Simpson appears in "The Division Viol". In the first edition, he is depicted wearing a hat but, in later editions, the picture has been modified to show him bare-headed, as here. The picture also illustrates some of the characteristic techniques of viol-playing. For instance, it is clear that the bow is held "underhand" (with the palm upwards), unlike the technique used for the modern cello or violin. It can also be clearly seen that the second and third finger of the right hand rest on the bow-hair, allowing them to be used to vary the tension of the bow during playing.
Simpson wrote a short guide to musical composition in 1665: "The Principles of Practical Musick" (dedicated to Sir John St. Barbe, another of his pupils) and expanded this into his 1667 publication "A Compendium of Practical Musick".
Very few of Simpson's musical compositions appeared in print during his lifetime, except those included as examples in his books. Some of his compositions survive in manuscript form. For example, he composed two sets of fantasias entitled "The Monthes" and "The Seasons", which both consist of one treble and two bass viol parts, with continuo.
All his surviving instrumental works are for viol ensembles or for the solo viol, an instrument about which he wrote that "a viol in the hands of an excellent violist may (no doubt) be reckon'd amongst the best of musical instruments. To play extempore to a ground is the highest perfection of it".

</doc>
<doc id="2890838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890838" title="Ectoine">
Ectoine

Ectoine (1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methyl-4-pyrimidinecarboxylic acid) is a natural compound found in several species of bacteria. It is a compatible solute which serves as a protective substance by acting as an osmolyte and thus helps organisms survive extreme osmotic stress. Ectoine is found in high concentrations in halophilic microorganisms and confers resistance towards salt and temperature stress. Ectoine was first identified in the microorganism "Ectothiorhodospira halochloris", but has since been found in a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. Some other species ectoine was found in:
Biosynthesis.
Ectoine is synthesized in three successive enzymatic reactions starting from aspartic β-semialdehyde. The genes involved in the biosynthesis are called "ectA", "ectB" and "ectC" and they encode the enzymes L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid acetyltransferase, L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid transaminase, and L-ectoine synthase respectively.
Use.
Ectoine is used as an active ingredient in skin care and sun protection products. It stabilizes proteins and other cellular structures and protects the skin from stresses like UV irradiation and dryness.

</doc>
<doc id="2890842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890842" title="Châteauesque">
Châteauesque

Châteauesque (or Francis I style, or in Canada, the Château Style) is a revival architectural style based on the French Renaissance architecture of the monumental French country houses (châteaux) built in the Loire Valley from the late fifteenth century to the early seventeenth century. 
The term châteauesque (literally, "like a château") is credited (by historian Marcus Whiffen) to American architectural historian Bainbridge Bunting although it can be found in publications that pre-date Bunting's birth. As of 2011, the Getty Research Institute's "Art & Architecture Thesaurus" includes both "Château Style" and "Châteauesque", with the former being the preferred term for North America. 
The style frequently features buildings incongruously ornamented by the elaborate towers, spires, and steeply-pitched roofs of sixteenth century châteaux, themselves influenced by late Gothic and Italian Renaissance architecture. Despite their French ornamentation, as a revival style, buildings in the châteauesque style do not attempt to completely emulate a French château. Châteauesque buildings are typically built on an asymmetrical plan with a roof-line broken in several places and a facade composed of advancing and receding planes.
History.
The style was popularized in the United States by Richard Morris Hunt. Hunt, the first American architect to study at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, designed residences, including those for the Vanderbilt family, during the 1870s, 1880s and 1890s. A relatively rare style in the United States, its presence was concentrated in the Northeast, although isolated examples can be found in nearly all parts of the country. It was mostly employed for residences of the extremely wealthy, although it was occasionally used for public buildings.
The first building in this style in Canada was the 1887 Quebec City Armoury. Many of Canada's grand railway hotels were built in the Châteauesque style, with other buildings mainly public or residential. The style may be associated with Canadian architecture because these grand hotels are prominent landmarks in major cities across the country and in certain national parks.
In Hungary, Arthur Meinig built numerous country houses in the Loire Valley style, the earliest being Andrássy Castle in Tiszadob, 1885–1890, and the grandest being Károlyi Castle in Nagykároly (Carei), 1893–1895.
The style began to fade after the turn of the 20th century and was largely absent from new construction by the 1930s.
Examples in Canada.
Many of the Châteauesque-style buildings in Canada were built for the Canadian Pacific Railway's CP Hotels chain, now part of the Fairmont Hotels and Resorts empire.

</doc>
<doc id="2890844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890844" title="Women's Moderation Union">
Women's Moderation Union

The Women's Moderation Union, headed by M. Louise Gross, helped the Women's Christian Temperance Union's insistence that it spoke for American women. When she heard the WCTU president make that assertion before the United States Congress in an effort to enhance its power and influence, Gross decided that those women who sought the repeal of prohibition needed a vehicle through which their voice of opposition could be heard.
Although the libertarian orientation of the Women's Moderation Union did not resonate well with some women, Gross' organization was successful in mobilizing and giving visibility to many women who opposed the national prohibition of alcoholic beverages.

</doc>
<doc id="2890847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890847" title="Garry Shead">
Garry Shead

Garry Shead is an Australian artist and filmmaker who won the Archibald Prize in 1992/93 with a portrait of Tom Thompson, and won the Dobell Prize in 2004 with "Colloquy with John Keats".
He won the Young Contemporaries Prize in 1967 and travelled to Japan, Papua New Guinea, France, Vienna and Budapest. He returned to Australia in the 1980s. His paintings are in many galleries in Australia and overseas.
Born in Sydney, New South Wales, he studied at the National Art School in the 1960s. He was a founding member of the Ubu Films collective in the late 1960s, with whom he made numerous experimental film works, and he also worked for the ABC as an editor, cartoonist, filmmaker and scenic painter before his first major solo exhibition with Watters Gallery in Sydney. He was a friend of Brett Whiteley and participated in the famous Yellow House activities. He has shown in more than seventy group exhibitions and had over fifty solo exhibitions, as well as illustrating numerous books. He won the Archibald Prize in 1993 with a portrait of Tom Thompson. He also painted a portrait of Brett Whiteley's ex-wife Wendy Whiteley for the Archibald Prize, but that entry did not win. He was a finalist in the Archibald Prize in 2009 and 2012.
He spent six months in Paris in 1973. In the 1980s he spent time in France, Spain, Italy and Holland. 
During a residency at the Karolyi Foundation, in Vence in southern France he met Hungarian sculptor Judith Englert, and spent a year in Budapest with her before returning to Australia. They eventually settled in the seaside suburb of Bundeena, south of Sydney, in 1987. During the late 1980s his style (figurative, allegoric, lyric, moody) crystallized with the Bundeena paintings, the Queen series and the D. H. Lawrence series. This last is based on Lawrence's novel "Kangaroo", which was inspired by Lawrence's stay at Thirroul, near Wollongong. Shead became interested in Lawrence after he came across letters by the author on an expedition to the Sepik Highlands in Papua New Guinea in 1968. The 21st century saw him branch out into a complex set of paintings celebrating the Ern Malley series of hoax poems. Shead is represented in the National Gallery of Australia and all state galleries, many regional galleries and numerous private and corporate collections, both nationally and internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="2890854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890854" title="Purity ring">
Purity ring

Purity rings (also known as chastity rings, abstinence rings) are worn as a sign of chastity. The practice originated in the United States in the 1990s among Christian-affiliated sexual abstinence groups, although the rings are now worn by people of many faiths or no faith.
Wearing a purity ring is typically accompanied by a religious vow to practice abstinence until marriage.
Chastity rings are part of the controversial abstinence-only sex education movement. Those who wear or promote these rings argue that the only method for safe sex is abstinence. 
David Bario of the Columbia News Service wrote:
Under the Bush administration, organizations that promote abstinence and encourage teens to sign virginity pledges or wear purity rings have received federal grants. The Silver Ring Thing, a subsidiary of a Pennsylvania evangelical church, has received more than $1 million from the government to promote abstinence and to sell its rings in the United States and abroad.
Many celebrities, including Miley Cyrus, Jessica Simpson and the Jonas Brothers, among others, have worn purity rings.

</doc>
<doc id="2890855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890855" title="Help Me (Joni Mitchell song)">
Help Me (Joni Mitchell song)

"Help Me" is a love song written, produced, and performed by Joni Mitchell, from her 1974 album "Court and Spark". The song was recorded with jazz band Tom Scott's L.A. Express as the backing band. "Help Me" was Mitchell's biggest hit single: it peaked at #7 in June 1974 on the Billboard Hot 100, her only top 10 hit; it hit #1 on the easy listening chart.
Critical acclaim.
The song is ranked #288 on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Covers.
Artists who have recorded cover versions of the song include:
Pop cultural references.
The Prince song "Ballad of Dorothy Parker" (from his 1987 album "Sign o' the Times") mentions the song in the lyrics. A reference to "Help Me" - "Joni, help me; I think I'm falling" - can also be heard in "Looking Through Patient Eyes" by PM Dawn.

</doc>
<doc id="2890860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890860" title="Arghandab River">
Arghandab River

Arghandab is a river in Afghanistan, about in length. It rises in the Hazarajat country north-west of Ghazni, and flows south-west falls into the Helmand below Girishk. In its lower course it is much used for irrigation, under the control of the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority, and the valley is cultivated and populous; yet the water is said to be somewhat brackish. It is doubtful whether the ancient Arachotus is to be identified with the Arghandab or with its chief confluent the Tarnak, which joins it on the left out SW of Kandahar. The Tarnak, which flows south of Kandahar, is much shorter (length about 320 km or 200 miles) and less copious. The ruins at Ulan Robat, supposed to represent the city Arachosia, are in its basin; and the lake known as Ab-i-Istada, the most probable representative of Lake Arachotus, is near the head of the Tarnak, though not communicating with it. The Tarnak is dammed for irrigation at intervals, and in the hot season almost dries up.
There is a good deal of cultivation along the river, but few villages. The Kabul-Kandahar Highway passes this way (another reason for supposing the Tarnak to be Arachotus), and the people live off the road to avoid the onerous duties of hospitality.
In 2008 a project was initiatated to rehabilitate the Dahla Dam, and associated irrigation system.

</doc>
<doc id="2890861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890861" title="The Final Programme (film)">
The Final Programme (film)

The Final Programme is a 1973 British fantasy science fiction-thriller film directed by Robert Fuest, and starring Jon Finch and Jenny Runacre. It was based on the first Jerry Cornelius novel (also called "The Final Programme") by Michael Moorcock. It was distributed in the United States and elsewhere as "The Last Days of Man on Earth".
Plot synopsis.
The story starts with the funeral of Jerry Cornelius's father, a Nobel Prize-winning scientist who has developed the "Final Programme"—a design for a perfect, self-replicating human being.
A group of scientists including Dr. Smiles and the formidable Miss Brunner (who consumes her lovers) try to persuade Cornelius to locate the microfilm containing his father's Final Programme, which is believed to be hidden somewhere in a family-owned house.
Things are further complicated by the apparent disappearance of Cornelius's sister, Catherine; the activities of his evil brother, Frank; and the involvement of other characters such as his old friend "Shades", and "Little Miss Dazzle", originally a singer.
The attack on the old house commences, with many traps to be breached, until Jerry finally confronts Frank, and a fight ensues. In the process, Catherine is killed, Jerry wounded, and Frank falls into the hands of Miss Brunner. 
She forces him to open the vaults, but he outsmarts her and gets away.
After Jerry recuperates, he again meets Miss Brunner, who introduces him to her new friend, Jenny. They plot to go and find Frank but in the meantime, Jenny is consumed by Miss Brunner. When they find Frank, another fight ensues, and this time Frank is killed and Miss Brunner takes Cornelius and the microfilm to Lapland, "Daddy's summer resort".
There, the scientists put the Final Programme into operation, in a process that involves combining Miss Brunner with another person to form an hermaphroditic all-purpose human being. At the last minute, Brunner chooses Cornelius over the previously designated participant. The scientists of the project, working against time, scramble to re-calibrate their experiment for Cornelius. He is placed inside a large chamber with Brunner and bathed by solar radiation. Forces are unleashed that kill the scientists. A single being emerges from the chamber, - the result of the experiment is supposedly a new Messiah, but is actually a rather dumpy looking caveman.
Reception.
Baird Searles found the film "an almost unmitigated disaster," with "an ending so inane that you will want your money back even if you wait and see it on television."
On its DVD/Blu-ay release in the UK in 2013, The Guardian wrote " Director Robert Fuest was responsible for the pop-surrealism of The Avengers and the twisted art deco of Vincent Price's Dr Phibes movies, and here he makes sure every frame looks stunning, throwing so much in to please and confuse the eye, often at the cost of narrative coherence. But who cares when the movie is full of cryptic, sly humour and endlessly inventive imagery, such as an amusement arcade where nuns play fruit machines as the world ends."
DVD.
The film was released on DVD and VHS formats in the US in 2001 by Anchor Bay Entertainment. The Anchor Bay DVD featured a remastered print of the film, which could be played with an audio commentary featuring director Fuest and star Runacre. Other special features on this DVD included the American theatrical trailer and TV spot, and an insert replica of the British poster. The Anchor Bay DVD is now out-of-print and hard-to-find, with existing copies retailing up to £100 on sites such as Amazon.
On 7 October 2013, Network Distributing released the film on DVD in the UK. The Network DVD is presented in a brand-new transfer from the original film elements, featuring both the 1.77:1 theatrical ratio and the full frame, as-filmed version of the main feature. Special features include original theatrical trailers, an Italian title sequence, image gallery, and promotional material in PDF format.

</doc>
<doc id="2890864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890864" title="Independent Television Network">
Independent Television Network

Independent Television Network Limited (also known as ITN Ltd) is a Sri Lankan state governed television and radio broadcaster located in Wickramasinhapura, Battaramulla, Sri Lanka. ITN was the first tv channel and was brought into sri lanka by Anil Wijewardene (who later married Shyama Fernando and had Saskia and Aquinne Wijewardene). It is a Shrama Abhimani Award winner (Oct 2009)
, broadcasts content to a wide demographic within Sri Lanka as well as the expatriate community. The programmes are broadcast in three languages; Sinhala, Tamil, and English. The ITN broadcast coverage extends to 99% of the island of Sri Lanka. The current chairman of ITN Ltd is Mr. Rosmund Senaratne.
The ITN channel is the flagship television channel of ITN Ltd. ITN further operates three FM radio stations; Lakhanda, the Sinhala language service; Vasantham FM (or Wasanthan FM), the Tamil language service and Prime Radio, the English language service. Vasantham TV (or Wasanthan TV), a second television channel operated by ITN Ltd, broadcasts content in the Tamil language. ITN recently launched a website ITN News, which is an online portal for the distribution of local news internationally.
History.
ITN Ltd commenced operations on the 13th of April 1979 with the introduction of the ITN television channel. As the first television broadcasting service of Sri Lanka and South Asia they began transmission of the first terrestrial television channel in the country. It was also the first privately owned television station in a region where government was in control of radio and television.
The founding board of directors was composed of Mr. Shan Wickramasinghe, Mr. Anil Wijewardene and Mr. Bob Christie. Initially the ITN Ltd studios and transmission station were based in Pannipitiya. A single Kilo Watt (1K.W) transmitter and 65 ft. transmission tower were used to broadcast the ITN channel within a fifteen (15) mile radius of the city of Colombo. Due to the geographical location of the transmission station, local weather and the transmission equipment used early viewers experienced many disruptions and interference to programmes as a result of voltage fluctuations. 
On the 5th of June 1979 ITN Ltd was acquired by the state as a business undertaking under a Competent Authority. The duly appointed authority, the late Mr. D. Thevis L. Guruge (ex-Director General of the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation) contributed significantly to the early development of the organisation.
Lakhanda and Vasantham FM are two of the three FM radio stations operated by ITN Ltd. The Lakhanda radio station which originated as a subsidiary of the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation (SLBC) was amalgamated with ITN Ltd on 1 April 1997. This radio station broadcasts content in the Sinhala language. Vasantham FM is a FM radio station also operated by ITN Ltd which broadcasts content in the Tamil language. This radio station was launched in June 2009 in order to fulfill the media requirements of the Tamil speaking community within Sri Lanka.
Furthermore, ITN Ltd commenced transmission of a second television channel, Vasantham TV on the 25th of June 2009. This particular television channel broadcasts content in the Tamil language. ITN launched Prime TV and Prime Radio, a television channel and radio station that broadcasts material in English on the 12th of November 2009.
Programmes.
ITN Ltd's television channels and radio stations, broadcast a variety of different of programmes in Sinhala, Tamil and English languages. Listed below are some of the programmes broadcast by the television channels and radio stations operated by ITN Ltd.
ITN channel - (Primarily broadcasts content in the Sinhala language)
Vasantham TV - (Primarily broadcasts content in the Tamil language) 
Prime TV - (Primarily broadcasts content in the English language) 
Lakhanda - (Primarily broadcasts content in the Sinhala language) 
Vasantham FM - (Primarily broadcasts content in the Tamil language) 
Prime Radio - (Primarily broadcasts content in the English language) 
Frequencies and Coverage.
Cummulatively, the broadcasts of ITN Ltd reach over 99% of the country. However, the coverage for the individual radio stations and television channels vary considerably.
ITN 
Vasantham TV 
Prime TV 
Lakhanda 
Vasantham FM 
Prime Radio

</doc>
<doc id="2890886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890886" title="Elizabeth Garrett Anderson School">
Elizabeth Garrett Anderson School

Elizabeth Garrett Anderson School (EGA) is a medium sized comprehensive secondary school for girls in Islington, London, England rated as Outstanding by OFSTED in its most recent inspection report. It is named in honour of Elizabeth Garrett Anderson, the first woman to gain a medical qualification in the United Kingdom.
Overview.
EGA’s buildings, which are located between King's Cross railway station and Angel tube station, are named after great women in history, such as Emily Brontë.
History.
Starcross school was founded in 1928 as Starcross School and moved into the buildings made vacant by the 1965 closing of Risinghill School, which had opened in 1960, although a school has existed on the site since 1885 (further extended in 1899 )(originally Rising Hill Street School). 
Barnsbury Girls' School was created in 1934 on the site of an all age Victorian school in Barnsbury Park. Barnsbury & Starcross merged to form Elizabeth Garrett Anderson School in 1984.
In 2009, the school was visited by Michelle Obama, wife of the American president Barack Obama. On 25 May 2011, during a state visit of the US president, she took a group of 35 pupils at the school to Oxford University for a presentation.
In 2012, the First Lady invited a group of students from EGA to meet her in the White House.
The school was rebuilt as part of the final phase of BSF and the new building opened in November 2012. Demolition of the old buildings and landscaping of the site is now complete.

</doc>
<doc id="2890895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890895" title="Butler Flats Light">
Butler Flats Light

Butler Flats Light, New Bedford, Massachusetts is a sparkplug lighthouse located in the New Bedford outer harbor, at the mouth of the Acushnet River. It is currently operated by the City of New Bedford. The lighthouse is not open to the public, but is easily visible from the shore along East Rodney French Boulevard in New Bedford as well as other points along the city's waterfront.
The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Butler Flats Light Station on June 15, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="2890906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890906" title="Targus">
Targus

Targus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890911" title="Let's Get Lost">
Let's Get Lost

"Let's Get Lost" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890913" title="The Bolla Quartet">
The Bolla Quartet

The Bolla Quartet is a jazz band based in Hungary.
The Bolla Quartet is one of Hungary's youngest and most successful jazz bands. The quartet was founded on 15 October 2003 by Gabor Bolla, a school-age saxophone player. They were the winners of the 2005 Avignon Jazz Festival Competition, taking the First Prize and the Audience Prize, their pianist, Robert Szakcsi Lakatos, taking the Best Soloist Prize. They have given concerts both in Hungary and abroad, including Germany, Austria, France, Russia, the Netherlands, Belgium, and the United Kingdom.
The members.
Gabor Bolla.
Bolla was born on 15 October 1988. At the age of ten he started playing classical music on the clarinet. He was twelve when he won first prize in the National Music Schools' Competition. Towards the end of 2001 he started to show an interest in jazz, influenced mainly by the music to which his jazz-loving parents were listening. He took up the soprano and then the tenor saxophone, and is mainly self-taught on those instruments. He received the Hans Koller Prize as the Talent of the Year in Austria in 2004.
After playing the saxophone for only six months, he was picked out to play at the Getxo Jazz Festival in Bilbao. Since then he has been playing with the leading jazzmen in his own country. During the summer of 2003 Gábor was the only Hungarian and the only teenager who qualified for the semi-finals of the World Saxophone Competition held at the Montreux Jazz Festival. He brought the house down when he played, but failed to make the finals. He was also well received at the Yatra Jazz Festival in India and at the Bucharest Jazz Festival in Romania.
Bolla has performed with David Murray, Guy Barker, Art Themen, John Critchinson, Bryan Spring, Benny Golson, Johnny Griffin, Roy Hargrove, and John Engels.
He attends an ordinary secondary school in Budapest.
Robert Szakcsi Lakatos.
Lakatos is equally at home as a classical or a jazz pianist. He won both the Best Soloist and Best Pianist prizes at the 1995 Krakow International Jazz Festival, and then a year later took first prize at the Bach Piano Competition organized by Radio Basel in Switzerland. He won first prize at the Piano Competition of the Montreux Jazz Festival in 2001, and the Best Soloist title at the 2005 Avignon Jazz Festival. Lakatos comes from a long line of Gypsy musicians.
Gyorgy Orban.
Orban plays double bass. He was studying classical guitar from the age of six until he turned eighteen. He took up the double bass after that as he felt he could best express himself on that instrument. In 2003 he came third at the National Jazz Bass Competition organised by Hungarian Radio. He's played at several important jazz festivals and is a member of the famous New Gypsy Jazz outfit led by pianist Bela Szakcsi Lakatos and can also be heard on their riveting album as well as on records by the world famous tenor-sax player Tony Lakatos.
Andras Mohay.
Mohay is the band's drummer, as well as playing with four other Hungarian bands.

</doc>
<doc id="2890925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890925" title="Acoustic ecology">
Acoustic ecology

Acoustic ecology, sometimes called ecoacoustics or soundscape studies, is a discipline studying the relationship, mediated through sound, between living beings and their environment. Acoustic ecology studies started in the late 1960s with R. Murray Schafer and his team at Simon Fraser University (Vancouver, Canada) as part of the World Soundscape Project. The original WSP team included Barry Truax and Hildegard Westerkamp, Bruce Davies and Peter Huse, among others. The first study produced by the WSP was titled The Vancouver Soundscape. The interest in this area grew enormously after this pioneer and innovative study and the area of acoustic ecology raised the interest of researchers and artists all over the world. In 1993, the members of the by now large and active international acoustic ecology community formed the World Forum of Acoustic Ecology.
Every three years since the WFAE's founding at Banff, Canada in 1993, an international symposium has taken place. Stockholm, Amsterdam, Devon, Peterborough, and Melbourne followed. In November 2006, the WFAE meeting took place in Hirosaki, Japan. Koli, Finland, was the meeting place of the latest WFAE world conference.
From its roots in the sonic sociology and radio art of Schafer and his colleagues, acoustic ecology has found expression in many different fields. While most have taken some inspiration from Schafer's writings, in recent years there have also been healthy divergences from the initial ideas. Among the expanded expressions of acoustic ecology are increasing attention to the sonic impacts of road and airport construction, widespread networks of "phonographers" exploring the world through sound, the broadening of bioacoustics (the use of sound by animals) to consider the subjective and objective responses of animals to human noise, including increasing use of the idea of "acoustic ecology" in the literature, and a popular in the effects of human noise on animals, with ocean noise capturing the most attention. Another important outcome of the evolution of acoustic ecology studies is soundscape composition.
List of works.
"Dominion" by Barry Truax.
"Dominion" takes listeners on an acoustic journey across Canada. The work begins with the firing of the Noon Gun in St. John's harbour in Newfoundland and continues westward, recording sounds such as the Peace Tower bell in Ottawa and the O Canada Horn in Vancouver, along the way. A 12-piece orchestra, representing the 10 provinces and then two territories, carries listeners through the work, along with the whistle of a Canadian Pacific Railway train, representing the railroad that first connected Canada over a century ago. "Source: "Science of Sound", Canadian Geographic Online".
Acoustic Ecological Archeology.
Marc E. Moglen (2007) recreated pre-historical Soundscapes (Acoustic Ecology) at University of California, Berkeley's Department of Anthropology, combining compositional techniques with site recordings for a non-diegetic piece in the virtual world of Second Life, on "Okapi Island". At the Center for New Media the acoustic ecological setting of the former jazz scene in Oakland, CA was developed for a virtual world setting.
"Soundmarks of Canada" by Peter Huse.
"A composition recreating the acoustic profile of community sounds unique to Canadian locales, coast to coast". "Source: Soundscapes of Canada".

</doc>
<doc id="2890936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890936" title="Argyrokastro">
Argyrokastro

Argyrokastro may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2890943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890943" title="Giorgio Lamberti">
Giorgio Lamberti

Giorgio Lamberti (born 28 January 1969) is an Italian former swimmer.
Biography.
Lamberti was born in Brescia, Lombardy. At six, he was advised to begin swimming to improve his light physique. At 17, in 1986, he won the first of his six Italian championships. He took part in the following 1986 World Aquatics Championships, where he reached the B final in the 200 freestyle, and took part in the Italian 4x200 freestyle relay.
The following year, now coached by Alberto Castagnetti, he established the new short course record at Bonn in the 200 and 400 m freestyle. However, he did not qualify for the finals in the same races at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games later in the year. At the 1989 European LC Championships, held again in Bonn, winning the gold medal in the 100 and 200 m freestyle; in the latter, with 1'46"69, he set the new world record, which remained unbeaten for 10 years, until Grant Hackett improved it at Brisbane in 1999. Lamberti at Bonn won another gold medal in the 4x200 freestyle.
In the 1991 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Lamberti won the gold medal in the 200 m freestyle, winning also a medal in the 100 m and 4x200 m races. In the European Championships held in the same year at Athens, he won a silver medal in the 200 m, behind Artur Wojdat, and a bronze in the 100  (won by Alexander Popov) and 400 m (won by Yevgeny Sadovyi). Lamberti participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics, obtaining a fifth place in the 4x200 m relay as his best results.
After swimming.
He retired from professional swimming in 1993, and, from 2003 to 2008, was a member of the city's council of Brescia, with responsibility of sports and recreation. He later held several positions in the Italian Swimming Federation. In 2004 he was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2890944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890944" title="Anita Maflin">
Anita Maflin

Anita Maflin (née Rizzuti; born 12 January 1971) is a Norwegian amateur snooker player. She is the wife of the Norwegian snooker player Kurt Maflin.

</doc>
<doc id="2890946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890946" title="List of funicular railways">
List of funicular railways

This is a list of funicular railways, organised by place within country and continent. The funiculars range from short urban lines to significant multi-section mountain railways.
Note that there is sometimes hard to draw a line between a funicular railway and an incline elevator.
Asia.
Aomori Prefecture
Fukuoka Prefecture
Hyōgo Prefecture
Ibaraki Prefecture
Kagawa Prefecture
Kanagawa Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Nara Prefecture
Ōita Prefecture
Osaka Prefecture
Tokyo
Toyama Prefecture
Shiga Prefecture
Shizuoka Prefecture
Wakayama Prefecture
Europe.
Canton of Berne
Canton of Fribourg
Canton of Glarus
Canton of Graubünden
Canton of Luzern
Canton of Neuchâtel
Canton of Nidwalden
Canton of Schwyz
Canton of St. Gallen
Canton of Ticino
Canton of Uri
Canton of Valais
Canton of Vaud
Canton of Zug
Canton of Zürich
England
Scotland
Wales
North America.
Alberta
Ontario
Quebec
Alaska
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Iowa
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
New Jersey
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
'"Tennessee
Utah
Virginia
Wisconsin
South America.
Outeiro da Glória (1942; modernized 2003)
Dona Marta (two parts: upper, 2006; lower 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="2890960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890960" title="Manchester Blitz">
Manchester Blitz

The Manchester Blitz (also known as the Christmas Blitz) was the heavy bombing of the city of Manchester and its surrounding areas in North West England during the Second World War by the Nazi German Luftwaffe. Manchester was an important inland port and industrial city during the war, and Trafford Park in neighbouring Stretford was a major centre of war production.
Raids on Manchester.
Air raids began in August 1940, and in September 1940 the Palace Theatre on Oxford Street was bombed. The heaviest raids occurred on the nights of 22/23 and 23/24 December 1940, killing an estimated 684 people and injuring 2,364. Manchester Cathedral, the Royal Exchange and the Free Trade Hall were among the large buildings damaged. On the night of 22/23 December, 270 aircraft dropped 272 tons of high explosive and 1,032 incendiary bombs; on the second night, 171 aircraft dropped another 195 tons of high explosive and 893 incendiaries. Nazi propaganda claimed that the entire city had been burned to the ground.
Salford and Stretford.
Neighbouring Salford and Stretford were also badly damaged by the bombing. It is estimated that more than 215 people were killed and 910 injured in Salford, and more than 8,000 homes were damaged or destroyed. Seventy-three were killed in Stretford, and many more were injured. The following month Old Trafford was hit during an air raid that lasted 3 hours. In June 1941 German bombs damaged the original Salford Royal Hospital on Chapel Street, killing 14 nurses.
Further raids.
On 11 March 1941 Old Trafford football stadium, the home of Manchester United F.C., was hit by a bomb aimed at the industrial complex of Trafford Park, wrecking the pitch and demolishing the stands. The stadium was rebuilt after the war and reopened in 1949, until which time United played at Manchester City's Maine Road.
In June 1941 German bombs damaged the police headquarters. Manchester continued to be bombed by the Luftwaffe throughout the war, and was in some danger of being hit by V-1 flying bombs. On Christmas Eve 1944 the Germans launched flying bombs at Manchester. The attack failed but 27 people in neighbouring Oldham were killed by a stray bomb. The city was beyond the range of the V-2 rockets.

</doc>
<doc id="2890962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890962" title="Angela Groothuizen">
Angela Groothuizen

Angela Groothuizen (born 28 September 1959) is a Dutch singer, artist and television personality.
Biography.
Groothuizen rose to fame as a member of the Dutch Dance/Pop girl group Dolly Dots, which achieved popularity inside and outside the Netherlands, and scored hits between 1979 and 1988. After the split in 1988, Angelina Groothuizen teamed up with Ruud Mulder, former guitarist of disco/funk-contemporaries Spargo, to record as "Angela & the Rude".
In 1998 the Dots reunited for a one-off concert, which gave rise to a Dolly Dots musical. "Love Me Just a Little Bit More" played at The Chassé Theatre in Breda and around the Netherlands during 2004, and closed in early 2005. As result of renewed interest in the group after the musical, Warner Bros. Records released a Dolly Dots Greatest Hits compilation of the group as well as a DVD. In May 2007, they sold out Ahoy Rotterdam three nights in a row, and toured the country again in 2008.
Meanwhile, Groothuizen had begun a television career starting with an adaptation of Challenge Anika for AVRO. Her contract expired in 2005 and was not renewed. Groothuizen has since moved to commercial television as a panel judge on talent show programs, particularly in "Dutch X Factor" since 2008. She is also active in musical theater; with her show "Label" (which includes, besides songs by Dutch writers, a number of songs by Leonard Cohen) she toured throughout the Netherlands in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2890968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890968" title="Theta Aurigae">
Theta Aurigae

Theta Aurigae (θ Aur, θ Aurigae) is a binary star in the constellation Auriga. Rarely used proper names for this star include Mahasim, the latter from the Arabic المِعْصَم "al-micşam" "wrist" (of the charioteer), which was also used for Eta Aurigae. It is known as 五車四 (the Fourth Star of the Five Chariots) in Chinese. Based upon parallax measurements, the distance to this star is about .
The primary component is a large star with more than three times the mass of the Sun and over five times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 263 times the Sun's luminosity from its outer atmosphere at an effective temperature of 10,400 K, giving it the white hue of an A-type star. The star has a stellar classification of A0pSi, with the 'pSi' suffix indicating it is a chemically peculiar star with an abnormal abundance of silicon.
The primary is classified an Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum type variable star and has a surface magnetic field of about 1 kG. Its projected rotational velocity is , with the star completing a rotation in only 3.6 days. The axis of rotation is inclined by an angle of to the line of sight from the Earth. 
There is a +7.2 magnitude companion, 4.5 magnitudes fainter than the primary, located at an angular separation of 3.91 arcseconds along a position angle of 304.9° as of 2002. This is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification in the range F2-5 V. The mean combined apparent magnitude of the system is +2.65 but the variation of the primary causes the system's brightness ranges from magnitude +2.62 to +2.70 with a period of 1.37 days. The system is an X-ray source with a luminosity of .

</doc>
<doc id="2890974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890974" title="Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation">
Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation

The Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation is the highest judicial Native American authority of the Navajo Nation, the largest American Indian nation in the United States. According to Harvard Law School, "the judicial system of the Navajo Nation is the most active tribal judicial system in the United States, with a case load that rivals, and in some instances exceeds, many municipal, county, and state judicial systems."
The Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation sits in Window Rock. It is a three-member body consisting of the Chief Justice Herb Yazzie, and one Associate Justice, Eleanor Shirley. The third seat is currently vacant; a district court judge temporarily fills the seat by designation when the Court hears a case.
History.
The Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation was originally created as the Navajo Tribal Court of Appeals on 1 April 1959 as part of the implementation of the Navajo Tribal Council's establishment of the judiciary as a separate branch of government, the "Judicial Branch of the Navajo Nation Government". Originally it was the court of last resort in the Navajo Nation. From 1978 to 1985 the "Supreme Judicial Council", a political body rather than a court, could hear appeals, on a discretionary basis, from the Navajo Tribal Court of Appeals.
In December 1985 the Supreme Judicial Council was eliminated and the Navajo Tribal Court of Appeals became the Supreme Court of the Navajo Nation. It was expressly made the court of last resort.

</doc>
<doc id="2890978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890978" title="King's Crossing">
King's Crossing

"King's Crossing" is an American nighttime soap opera which aired on ABC from January 16, 1982 to February 27, 1982 on Saturday Night at 8:00pm for seven episodes. 
Its roots can be found in the 1980 drama "Secrets of Midland Heights", which aired on CBS for eight episodes. When that show was canceled, Lorimar Productions announced it would return in a retooled format; "King's Crossing" was a completely different show, but employed several actors (including Doran Clark, Linda Hamilton, Marilyn Jones, and Daniel Zippi) who had also appeared in the earlier drama.
The show centered around the Hollister family relocating to King's Crossing, California. The father, Paul (Bradford Dillman), was a recovering alcoholic who was hoping for a fresh start with his family and career as an English professor at the town's college. His long-suffering wife Nan (Mary Frann) was also trying to reestablish a connection with her cold and distant Aunt Louisa Beauchamp (Beatrice Straight), who had never approved of Paul. Nan and Paul had two teenage daughters: Lauren (Hamilton), an aspiring pianist who fell into an affair with her piano teacher, symphony conductor Jonathan Hadary (Michael Zaslow), and Carey (Jones), a student curious about Aunt Louisa and family secrets. One of those secrets involved a mysterious person hidden away in an attic room; that person turned out to be their crippled cousin Jillian (Clark). Carey tried to restore Jillian's confidence and draw her further into the family, much to Aunt Louisa's consternation. Louisa's attempts to hide family secrets and the true story behind Jillian's accident were not revealed before the show was canceled.

</doc>
<doc id="2890996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890996" title="Inbreeding depression">
Inbreeding depression

Inbreeding depression is the reduced biological fitness in a given population as a result of inbreeding - ie., breeding of related individuals. Population biological fitness refers to its ability to survive and reproduce itself. It is often the result of a population bottleneck. In general, the higher the genetic variation or gene pool within a breeding population, the less likely it is to suffer from inbreeding depression.
Inbreeding depression seems to be present in most groups of organisms, but varies across mating systems. Hermaphroditic species often exhibit lower degrees of inbreeding depression than outcrossing species, as repeated generations of selfing is thought to purge deleterious alleles from populations. For example, the outcrossing nematode "Caenorhabditis remanei" has been demonstrated to suffer severely from inbreeding depression, unlike its hermaphroditic relative "C. elegans", which experiences outbreeding depression.
Mechanisms.
Inbreeding (ie., breeding between closely related individuals) may on the one hand result in more recessive deleterious traits manifesting themselves, because the genomes of pair-mates are more similar: recessive traits can only occur in offspring if present in both parents' genomes, and the more genetically similar the parents are, the more often recessive traits appear in their offspring. Consequently, the more closely related the breeding pair is, the more homozygous deleterious genes the offspring may have, resulting in very unfit individuals. For alleles that confer an advantage in the heterozygous and/or homozygous-dominant state, the fitness of the homozygous-recessive state may even be zero (meaning sterile or unviable offspring).
An example of inbreeding depression is shown to the right. In this case, "a" is a recessive allele which has negative effects. In order for the a phenotype to become active, the gene must end up as "aa" because in the geneotype A"a", the A takes dominance over the "a" and the "a" does not have any effect. Due to evolutionary causes, recessive genes are, more often than not, detrimental phenotypes by causing the organism to be less fit to its natural environment.
Another mechanism responsible for inbreeding depression is the fitness advantage of heterozygous, which is known as overdominance. This can lead to reduced fitness of a population with many homozygous genotypes, even if they are not deleterious. Here, even the dominant alleles result in reduced fitness if present homozygously (see also hybrid vigour).
Currently, it is not known which of the two mechanisms is more prevalent in nature. For practical applications, e.g. in livestock breeding, the former is probably more significant – it may yield completely unviable offspring (meaning outright failure of a pedigree), while the latter can only result in relatively reduced fitness.
Inbreeding depression and natural selection.
Natural selection cannot effectively remove all deleterious recessive genes from a population for several reasons. First, deleterious genes arise constantly through mutation within a population. Second, in a population where inbreeding occurs frequently, most offspring will have some deleterious traits, so few will be more fit for survival than the others. It should be noted, though, that different deleterious traits are extremely unlikely to equally affect reproduction – an especially disadvantageous recessive trait expressed in a homozygous recessive individual is likely to eliminate itself, naturally limiting the expression of its phenotype. Third, recessive deleterious alleles will be "masked" by heterozygosity, and so in a dominant-recessive trait, heterozygotes will not be selected against.
When recessive deleterious alleles occur in the heterozygous state, where their potentially deleterious expression is masked by the corresponding wild-type allele, this masking phenomenon is referred to as complementation (see Complementation (genetics).
In general, sexual reproduction in eukaryotes has two fundamental aspects: recombination during meiosis, and outcrossing. It has been proposed that these two aspects have two natural selective advantages respectively. A proposed adaptive advantage of meiosis is that it facilitates recombinational repair of DNA damages that are otherwise difficult to repair (see Meiosis – section: Theory that DNA repair is the adaptive advantage of meiosis). A proposed adaptive advantage of outcrossing is complementation, which is the masking of deleterious recessive alleles (see hybrid vigor or heterosis). The selective advantage of complementation may largely account for the general avoidance of inbreeding (see Kin recognition).
Managing inbreeding depression.
Introducing alleles from a different population can reverse inbreeding depression. Different populations of the same species have different deleterious traits, and therefore their crossbreeding will not result in homozygosity in most loci in the offspring. This is known as outbreeding enhancement, practiced by conservation managers and zoo captive breeders to prevent homozygosity.
However, intermixing two different populations may give rise to unfit polygenic traits in outbreeding depression, yielding offspring which lack the genetic adaptations to specific environmental conditions. These, then, will have a lowered fitness than pure-bred individuals e.g. of a particular subspecies that has adapted to its local environment.
In humans.
Although severe inbreeding depression in humans seems to be highly uncommon and not widely known, there have been several cases of apparent forms of inbreeding depression in human populations.
Charles Darwin, through numerous experiments, was one of the first scientists to demonstrate the effects of inbreeding depression. Charles's wife, Emma was his first cousin. He attempted to study the theory of inbreeding within his own children. Of the ten Darwin children, three died before the age of ten. Of the rest, three had child-less long-term marriages. As with animals, this phenomenon tends to occur in isolated, rural populations that are cut off to some degree from other areas of civilization.
A notable example is the Vadoma tribe of western Zimbabwe, many of whom carry the trait of having only two toes due to a small gene pool. Another example is Fumarase deficiency, a rare genetic disorder that leads to severe mental retardation. Over half of the known cases are in the isolated and adjoining polygamous Reformed Mormon communities of Hilldale, Utah and Colorado City, Arizona.
Factors reducing inbreeding depression.
Whilst inbreeding depression has been found to occur in almost all sufficiently studied species, some taxa, most notably the angiosperms, appear to suffer lower fitness costs than others in inbred populations. Three mechanisms appear to be responsible for this: purging, differences in ploidy and selection for heterozygosity. It must be cautioned that some studies failing to show an absence of inbreeding depression in certain species can arise from small sample sizes or where the supposedly outbred control group is already suffering inbreeding depression, which frequently occurs in populations that have undergone a recent bottleneck, such as those of the naked mole rat.
Purging selection.
Purging selection occurs where the phenotypes of deleterious recessive alleles are exposed through inbreeding, and thus can be selected against. This theoretically can lead to such detrimental mutations being removed from the population, and has been demonstrated to occur rapidly where the recessive alleles have a lethal effect. Unfortunately, genetic drift has a strong influence on small inbred populations, which can cause the fixation of sublethal deleterious alleles where there is only a weak selective pressure against them. The fixation of a single allele for a specific gene can also reduce fitness where heterozygote advantage (where heterozygous individuals have higher fitness than homozygotes of either allele) was previously present. As a result, the influence of attempting to purge deleterious mutations from a population can either increase or decrease the fitness of a population, and is not generally recommended as a technique to improve the fitness of captive bred animals.
Polyploidy.
It has been noted that many angiosperms (flowering plants) can self-fertilise for several generations and suffer little from inbreeding depression. This is very useful for species which disperse widely and can therefore find themselves growing in a novel environment with no conspecifics present. Polyploidy (having more than two paired sets of each chromosome), which is prevalent in angiosperms, ferns and a select few animal taxa, accounts for this. By having several copies of a chromosome, as oppose to two, homozygosity is less likely to occur in inbred offspring. This means that recessive deleterious alleles are not expressed as frequently as with many copies of a chromosome, it is more likely that at least one will contain a functional allele.
Selection for heterozygosity.
Inbreeding depression has also been found to occur more gradually than predicted in some wild populations, such as in the highly inbred population of Scandinavian wolves. This appears to be due to a selection pressure for more heterozygous individuals, which generally are in better condition and so are more likely to become one of the few animals to breed and produce offspring.

</doc>
<doc id="2891001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891001" title="Drunk tank">
Drunk tank

A drunk tank is a jail cell or separate facility accommodating people who are intoxicated, especially with alcohol.
Traditionally, and in some jurisdictions currently, the circumstances of drunk-tank occupants may vary widely, as to whether in fact intoxicated, whether willingly there, whether isolated to protect them from others, confined to protect others from them, or simply permitted to find shelter, and whether legally under arrest, charged with an offense, or neither. Those in need of more long-term treatment may be referred to a rehabilitation centre.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, the idea of privately run drunk tanks (or "welfare centres"), separate from police stations and funded by the penalties issued against those held there, was discussed in 2013 and gained support from the Association of Chief Police Officers.
Central and Eastern Europe.
In some countries of Central and Eastern Europe, such institutions are known by names that may be translated as "sobering-up station" or similar. Such institutions, known in Russian as Вытрезвитель, "Vytrezvitel", were introduced in 1904 by Archangelskiy Fedor Sergeevich in Tula, Russia.
In the Czech Republic the name is "Protialkoholní záchytná stanice", colloquially "Záchytka". The first such institution in Czechoslovakia was opened in 1951 by psychiatrist Jaroslav Skála; its first patient was a Russian naval engineer. During its first 30 years of service, Prague's sobering-up station treated over 180,000 people. Other facilities in the country treated over 1,000,000 people. During its peak in Czechoslovakia, there were over 63 such institutions.
In Poland the name is "Izba wytrzeźwień", colloquially sometimes "wytrzeźwiałka". Such an institution exists in almost every larger Polish city. Being drunk itself is not a criminal offence in Poland, but police have the right to forcefully transfer an individual to a sobering-up station if he/she poses a threat to public security and order (which may also include cases of domestic violence caused by alcohol abuse), or if his/her condition poses a threat to his/her own health and safety (this may be the case with drunk people found sleeping outdoors during very low temperatures or wandering in potentially dangerous places, such as railway lines or busy roads). Even if there are no further charges against a person, one will not be released from sobering-up station until one is sober. In extreme cases it means a two-day stay. Patients are under constant medical and nursing supervision and until 16 January 2013 were required to pay for treatment, because no insurance covered it. Some people refer it as "the most expensive hotel in town".
When the local authorities of the city Kielce shut down their facility in 2010, the local hospital's ER quickly became flooded with drunk people brought by police. It not only became a problem for the hospital but also for police, who had to hold a large number of aggressive drunk people. In a sobering-up station, where such people are simply locked up, it takes fewer officers and less medical staff to keep an eye on them.

</doc>
<doc id="2891005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891005" title="Association Against the Prohibition Amendment">
Association Against the Prohibition Amendment

The Association Against the Prohibition Amendment was established in 1918 and became a leading organization working for the repeal of prohibition in the United States.
Growth.
The Association Against the Prohibition Amendment was founded by William H. Stayton in 1918. It grew rapidly as the problems caused by prohibition became increasingly evident. Its publicity campaign, begun in 1928, helped mobilize growing opposition to the Eighteenth Amendment (the "prohibition amendment"). Prominent members of the organization included Pierre S. du Pont, Irenee du Pont, John J. Raskob, Jouett Shouse, and James Wolcott Wadsworth Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="2891006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891006" title="Iota Aurigae">
Iota Aurigae

Iota Aurigae (ι Aur, ι Aurigae) is a star in the northern constellation of Auriga. It has the traditional name Al Kab, short for Kabdhilinan, from the Arabic الكعب ذي العنان "al-kacb ðīl-cinān" "the shoulder of the rein holder (charioteer)". Under the name "Alkab", this star is a marker on the astrolabe described by Geoffrey Chaucer in his "Treatise on the Astrolabe" in 1391. In Antonín Bečvář's atlas it has the traditional name Hassaleh. It is known as 五車一 (the First Star of the Five Chariots) in Chinese.
This star has an apparent visual magnitude of 2.7, which is bright enough to be readily visible to the naked eye. Parallax measurements give a distance estimate of roughly from the Earth. At this distance, extinction from interstellar dust is causing a magnitude reduction of about 0.6. Examination of the spectrum yields a stellar classification of K3 II, with the luminosity class of 'II' indicating this is a category of evolved star known as a bright giant. Since 1943, the spectrum of this star has served as one of the stable anchor points by which other stars are classified. The effective temperature of the outer envelope is 4,160 K, which is cooler than the Sun's effective temperature and gives Iota Aurigae the orange hue of a K-type star.
This star is a weak X-ray emitter with an X-ray luminosity of about . This emission is most likely coming from transient loops of plasma in Iota Aurigae's outer atmosphere, which have a temperature of around . This is a suspected variable star, although this variability remains unconfirmed.
Unconfirmed substellar companions.
During the "Extreme Solar Systems" conference held on June 25–29, 2007, in Santorini, Greece, Reffert et al. announced the detection of two substellar objects orbiting Iota Aurigae in 2:1 resonance. Such companions would be brown dwarfs with orbital periods of approximately 2 and 4 years. No minimum mass for the candidates was provided. So far the detection has not been confirmed, though Hekker et al. (2008) listed significant radial velocity variations at periods of 767 and 1586 days.

</doc>
<doc id="2891007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891007" title="Ann Henderson-Sellers">
Ann Henderson-Sellers

Professor Ann Henderson-Sellers (born 1952) was the Director of the World Climate Research Programme in 2006 and 2007 and was the Director of the Environment Division at ANSTO from 1998 to 2005. She was the Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Research & Development) of The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology from 1996-1998. Prior to this she was the founding director of the Climatic Impacts Centre at Macquarie University where she continues to hold a Professorship in Physical Geography. Professor Henderson-Sellers previously led the WMO Project for Intercomparison of Land-surface Parameterization Schemes, which operates as an international Internet-based "collaboratry". She recently led the Model Evaluation Consortium for Climate Assessment (MECCA) Analysis Team. She also acts as a consultant to the United Nations University on various aspects of the impact of climate. During 1995 she was a convening lead author for the IPCC SAR.
Her Essay “The IPCC Report: What The Lead Authors Really Think” discusses IPCC lead authors' views, especially on the 4th Assessment Report process.

</doc>
<doc id="2891015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891015" title="Barbara Valentin">
Barbara Valentin

Barbara Valentin (15 December 1940 – 22 February 2002) was an Austrian actress. She worked in film, often with Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
Biography.
She was born Ursula Ledersteger in Vienna, Austria. Her father was the Austrian art director Hans Ledersteger and her mother the actress Irmgard Alberti.
Valentin was dubbed the German Jayne Mansfield during her acting career. On 22 February 2002 Valentin died of a stroke in Munich. She is buried in the Ostfriedhof in Munich.
Selected filmography.
Films directed by Fassbinder except where stated

</doc>
<doc id="2891016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891016" title="Piccolo (disambiguation)">
Piccolo (disambiguation)

A piccolo is a small flute.
Piccolo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2891030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891030" title="Memory Lane">
Memory Lane

Memory Lane may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="2891039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891039" title="Colm Farrelly">
Colm Farrelly

Colm (or Columb) Farrelly (died 25 October 2008, Tralee, Ireland
) was an Irish music producer and composer who came to prominence during the mid-1980s through his musical partnership with singer Sinéad O'Connor. Farrelly was a native of Dublin.
Early life.
Born in the early 1950s, Colm Farrelly was brought up on a Dublin estate. He took up the guitar in his teens and moved to London after leaving school. There he remained for several years, mostly in the boroughs of Camden and Haringey, which have large Irish populations, playing music informally. His musical tastes were exceptionally wide-ranging, though discriminating, and he read voraciously. Among his friends at this time was American actor Mac McDonald. Among his projects was a band called Paris Underground. In the 80s Colm returned to Dublin.
Ton Ton Macoute.
In the summer of 1984, Farrelly met up with O'Connor through an ad she had placed in "Hot Press" Magazine. The two of them recruited a few other band members and created around her the seminal act for the band Ton Ton Macoute. The band was received positively, while their sound was inspired by Farrelly’s interest in witchcraft, mysticism, and world music. Less than a year later, in February 1985, O'Connor’s mother died. This led to her leaving Farrelly and the rest of Ton Ton Macoute. The band gigged on in various lineups until, after her departure they eventually folded. Farrelly went on to take different composer roles, scoring for numerous TV documentaries, dramas, (including RTÉ's soap theme 'Fair City'), and short films. Farrelly would later meet up with Jimmy Corr (later of The Corrs) where he took the role of a band leader in a TV drama "The Black Knight" with Corr as his keyboard player. The band dissolved in the early 1990s.
Underscore Production Company.
With the encouragement of U2 manager Paul McGuinness, Farrelly set up the production company Underscore in 1993, taking over the ailing Ashtown Gate Studios. Within a year of taking over he produced the trio called The Pale, who were the first Irish act to perform live against pre-programmed music tracks. The Pale's first release on Underscore, 'Why Go Bald', attracted overseas interest and launched a battle amongst record companies to sign them. Farrelly would sign them to A&M Records. Farrelly co-wrote with, produced and managed the act who toured in the UK, Europe, Japan, and the US and achieved modest chart success, with tracks like 'Butterfly', and 'Dogs with no tails.' Farrelly was awarded the Smithwicks/Hotpress Producer Of the Year Award for the album 'Here’s One We Made Earlier'.
Farrelly had set up Underscore Multimedia in 1995 to supply the audio content for a number of Microsoft products, including the educational CD-ROM "Ancient Lands". Farrelly left the production company and retired to remote County Kerry to compose and record.
Later career.
While there scoring for filmmakers, he began writing a trio of shorts emerging from the period 2000 to 2004: "Of Noble Blood", "Vicious Circle" and "What If?" (Bootstrap Films). Farrelly went into development under the auspices of The Irish Film Board with his feature screenplay "Skinflick".
During that period, Farrelly's musical collaborations with producer-director Brendan Culleton (Akajava Films) produced scores for documentaries including the Irish language "An Bothar Fada" (The Long Road), "The Shamrock and the Swastika" and "Diarmuid and Strongbow". In 2003, he began making occasional appearances on stage with others under the name The Fortyfoot Gentlemen.
Death.
Farelly died on 25 October 2008 following a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="2891040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891040" title="Birmingham Blitz">
Birmingham Blitz

The Birmingham Blitz was the heavy bombing by the Nazi German Luftwaffe of the city of Birmingham and surrounding towns in the United Kingdom. Beginning on 9 August 1940 and ending on 23 April 1943. Situated in the Midlands, Birmingham, England's second largest city after London, is an important industrial and manufacturing location. In total around 1,852 tons of bombs were dropped on Birmingham making it the third most heavily bombed city in the United Kingdom in World War II, behind only London, and Liverpool.
There was also significant bombing of towns in the neighbouring Black Country, particularly in Dudley, Tipton and West Bromwich, where there were hundreds of casualties.
Like with most provincial cities bombed during the Blitz, reports of the bombing were kept low key. Wartime censorship meant that Birmingham was not mentioned by name in contemporary news reports about the bombing, being referred to instead as a "Midland Town". This was done in order to keep the Germans from knowing the outcome of their raids.
Damage.
Overall, there were 365 air raid alerts, and 77 actual air raids on Birmingham, eight of which were classified as major (in which at least 100 tons of bombs were dropped). Official figures state that 5,129 high explosive bombs and 48 parachute mines landed on the city, along with many thousands of incendiary bombs. Of the high explosive bombs, around one fifth failed to detonate and one third of the parachute mines were left suspended after the parachute cords became caught in various obstacles such as trees. In total, 2,241 people were killed, and 3,010 seriously injured. A further 3,682 sustained lesser injuries. 12,391 houses, 302 factories and 239 other buildings were destroyed, with many more damaged.
Timeline of events.
The first small air raid on the city took place on 9 August 1940, carried out by a single aircraft which dropped its bombs on Erdington. One person was killed, and six injured. On 13 August the aircraft factory in Castle Bromwich which produced Spitfires was attacked. Eleven bombs hit the main target causing significant damage. 7 people were killed, and 41 injured. On 25/26 August the roof and interior of the old Market Hall in the Bull Ring was destroyed after being set ablaze by incendiary bombs. Completed in 1835, it remained as an empty shell after the war and was used for small exhibitions and open markets. It was eventually bulldozed in the 1960s with the Bull Ring redevelopment. 
Regular small raids followed over August, September, October and early November, with many attacks on the city-centre. Among the buildings hit were Birmingham University, the Art Gallery and the Town Hall. The Council House and St Philip's Cathedral were damaged by incendiaries. 
In November 1940, a series of heavy air raids on Birmingham took place. Between the 19th and 28th of that month around 800 people were killed and 2,345 injured, with 20,000 civilians made homeless.
On 19 November, just five days after the devastating attack on nearby Coventry, the first major air raid was launched against Birmingham, when around 440 bombers attacked the city, killing 450 people and badly injuring 540. Around 400 tonnes of high explosives were dropped during the raid, as well as 18 parachute mines and numerous incendiaries. The raid turned out to be the most severe attack on Birmingham in the course of the war. A number of factories were badly damaged in the raid, including the Lucas Industries and GEC works. The Birmingham Small Arms Company (BSA) factory was badly damaged, causing loss of production and trapping hundreds of workers. 53 employees were killed, 89 were injured, 30 of them seriously, and rifle production was halted for three months. A member of the Home Guard and one of the company's electricians were awarded the George Medal for their bravery in helping the trapped workers.
The following night the bombers returned for another heavy raid, dropping 118 tonnes of explosives and 9,500 incendiaries, causing widespread damage. The main bus depot in Hockley was among the buildings hit, destroying or damaging 100 vehicles.
A third consecutive major raid followed on 21/22 November. During this eleven hour raid, large numbers of incendiaries were dropped, starting over 600 fires. The water supply system was badly damaged by bombs, causing three fifths of the city to lose mains water supply, firefighters therefore had to draw water from the city's canals. Supporting fire brigades from across the country were drafted in to help, and the fires were eventually brought under control. Nevertheless, Birmingham's water supply remained in a critical state, only one fifth of the normal quantity would have been available if there had been another raid, leading the Regional Commissioner to comment "Birmingham will burn down if the Luftwaffe comes again tonight." Fortunately, there wasn't another raid that night, and this gave engineers time to repair the water mains.
Around 60 bombers attacked Birmingham on 4 December. The Witton tram depot was badly damaged in this raid. One week later, on the night of 11 December another major raid involving 278 bombers was launched against the city. This was the longest raid of the Blitz lasting for 13 hours. Apart from explosives, around 25,000 incendiaries were dropped during the raid, causing widespread fires in both residential and industrial areas. 263 people were killed and 243 badly injured. All but the fine tower and classical west portico of St Thomas' Church on Bath Row was destroyed in the raid. The ruins of which now form part of St. Thomas' Peace Garden, a public park designated as a monument to peace and a memorial to all those killed in armed conflict.
Further heavy raids followed in 1941, on 11 March, 135 bombers attacked the city. Birmingham was subjected to a two night assault on 9 and 10 April. In the first of these, 235 bombers dropped 280 tonnes of explosives and 40,000 incendiaries, concentrated on the city-centre. The Bull Ring, New Street, High Street, and Dale End all suffered heavy damage. Other areas including Small Heath, Aston and Nechells, also suffered heavy damage. On the second night, 245 bombers dropped 245 tonnes of explosives and 43,000 incendiaries. Causing major damage in Solihull, Hall Green and Erdington.
On the night of 16 May, another large raid caused damage to the Wolseley Motors factory, and the ICI factory. Although a navigation error meant that most of the bombers dropped their bombs on nearby Nuneaton by mistake.
Black Country.
The neighbouring Black Country area also suffered from air raids from the Luftwaffe aiming for targets there and in Birmingham. These included a string of air raids on Wolverhampton in 1941 and 1942. West Bromwich suffered its heaviest raid on 19 November 1940, when Birmingham also suffered a heavy raid, with more than 50 fatalities, mainly around the town centre. Several houses were wrecked by bombs in the Tantany and Stone Cross areas of the town, but there were no deaths. Dudley was bombed on the same night as West Bromwich, with the 10 fatalities all occurring in the Oakham area of the town, when a landmine ripped into a section of council houses. Another bomb in the town centre demolished a public house and caused damage to buildings including a church and a department store, but there were no fatalities. There were also a number of fatalities in nearby Tipton in the blitz, with several more deaths occurring in the Great Bridge area of the town in May 1941, with the area's final fatalities occurring in August 1941 when four more people were killed by a landmine which dropped on the new Tividale Hall estate in Dudley, within a mile of the landmine which had killed 10 people in the Oakham area nine months earlier.
Important industrial targets.
Other targets included:
Dunlop, Chance Brothers, Lucas, Metro-Cammell, Morris Commercial, British Timken, Hudson's Whistles and the Monitor Radio Company.
Memorial.
On 8 October 2005 a memorial sculpture, named 'The Tree of Life' sculpted by Lorenzo Quinn, dedicated to the victims of the Blitz was unveiled adjacent to St Martin’s Church.
Aftermath.
The massive bomb damage on civilian housing in Birmingham contributed to the development of many large council estates across the city for some 20 years after the Second World War. These neighbourhoods included Castle Vale and Chelmsley Wood. Another major factor in the construction of these new properties was to replace the 19th century slums in the inner city areas.
Some of the bomb-damaged inner city areas such as Ladywood and Highgate were redeveloped with modern housing after the war, although these were mostly less densely populated than before.

</doc>
<doc id="2891041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891041" title="Directorate-General">
Directorate-General

A directorate-general is a branch of an administration dedicated to a specific field of expertise.

</doc>
<doc id="2891043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891043" title="Little One">
Little One

"Little One" is a song written by Cole Porter for the 1956 film "High Society", where it was introduced by Bing Crosby.

</doc>
<doc id="2891058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891058" title="Frederik Meijer Gardens &amp; Sculpture Park">
Frederik Meijer Gardens &amp; Sculpture Park

Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park is a botanical garden and outdoor sculpture park located in Grand Rapids Township, Michigan in Kent County. Commonly referred to as Meijer Gardens, it has quickly become one of the most significant sculpture experiences in the Midwest and an emerging worldwide cultural destination. In April 2005, "The Wall Street Journal" wrote that "There's nothing quite like Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park this side of the Kroller-Muller Museum and Sculpture Park in The Netherlands".
In May 2009, it was named one of the top "30 Must-See Museums" in the world. It is Michigan's second-largest tourist attraction and is a feature venue in ArtPrize, the largest art competition decided by public vote. In ArtPrize 2012, it debuted "Quan," an outdoor sculpture by Carole Feuerman, as part of its fall group show "Body Double: The Figure in Contemporary Sculpture." Feuerman's sculpture ranked in the top 50 of the competition, drawing in crowds to the sculpture park.
History.
Meijer Gardens opened to the public on April 20, 1995 through the generosity of Frederik and Lena Meijer, the family behind the Meijer Corporation, who donated financial support, land and their entire sculpture collection to the organization.
In 1990, the West Michigan Horticultural Society approached Frederik Meijer about donating a parcel of land owned by Meijer, Inc, as a potential home for a botanic garden and conservatory.
Meijer, Inc donated of land in Grand Rapids Township, Michigan for the Gardens site in January 1991. At the same time, Fred and Lena Meijer donated their entire sculpture collection to the project. The Michigan Botanic Garden, as the project was called, was renamed Frederik Meijer Gardens after its major benefactor.
The distinctive signature of the park and gardens, which emphasizes the equally important entities of sculpture and horticulture, satisfies Meijer's goal to unite the visual art of humankind and the visual art of nature.
It is currently the second most-popular cultural destination in Michigan with 600,000 visitors annually, and is funded almost entirely by private donations. Meijer Gardens includes Michigan’s largest tropical conservatory; three indoor theme gardens; a new 8-acre Japanese Garden scheduled to open in 2015, outdoor gardens, nature trails and boardwalk; sculpture galleries and permanent sculpture; library; audiovisual theater; a café and gift shop; classrooms and meeting rooms. Both indoors and outdoors, the entire property is fully handicap accessible.
In its first ten years of operation, Meijer Gardens has attracted more than three million visitors. Meijer Gardens celebrated its 15th anniversary on April 20, 2010. On May 7, 2010, the Gardens welcomed its six millionth visitor.
Horticulture.
The Lena Meijer Conservatory at Meijer Gardens is a five-story, facility featuring rock landscapes by designer Philip diGiacomo and plant selections by garden designer Stephen Rosselet. The conservatory houses tropical plants from around the world, including coconut palms from the Pacific, fig trees from India, exotic orchids from Central and South America, Asiatic bamboo and banana trees. Additional indoor gardens include the nation's most comprehensive carnivorous plant house, arid house, featuring Saguaro cacti, and Victorian conservatory.
Scheduled to open during a dedication ceremony on June 10, 2015, the 8-acre Richard and Helen DeVos Japanese Garden will further the organization’s dual mission of horticulture and sculpture. One of the most revered and deeply appreciated international garden styles, the 8-acre Japanese Garden will be located in the northeast corner of the 132-acre property and exudes the very essence of the Japanese tradition—tranquility, simplicity and beauty. The design will re-imagine existing features of the land—water, elevation changes and quiet surroundings—with a combination of manicured and naturalistic areas.
The artful design by Hoichi Kurisu, president and founder of Kurisu International, Inc., will reflect this essence through a variety of horticultural elements such as zen, moss and bonsai gardens, scenic bridges, waterfalls and a tea house, among many other features. Plans also include works of contemporary sculpture by major international artists whose aesthetic and form will work in harmony with the space.
The first confirmed sculpture is a major work by Anish Kapoor, one of the most acclaimed artists working today. It is one of the few works in granite the artist has created. Circular units on the front surface of the sculpture reflect and enhance the surrounding environment while the quiet mood of the work encourages meditation. AE and Owen Ames Kimball will provide architectural, engineering and construction management support.
The outdoor gardens, by internationally acclaimed landscape designer James van Sweden of Washington, D.C., and garden designer Penelope Hobhouse of Sussex, England, feature four-season plantings that can be enjoyed throughout the year. In September 1997, the Leslie E. Tassell English Perennial & Bulb Garden and the New American Garden were dedicated.
To foster an educational awareness of numerous ecosystems in West Michigan, the Wege Nature Trail is a paved path that winds through a forested section of the property. It is connected to the Frey Boardwalk which brings visitors to the natural wetlands. Featured on these walks are bird watching sites, natural prairie areas, a tadpole pond and beautiful vistas.
The Gwen Frostic Woodland Shade Garden, dedicated in June 1998, commemorates the artistic influence of a well-known naturalist artist and writer and features woodland plants including ferns, hostas, bleeding hearts, rhododendrons and azaleas.
In May 2003, Meijer Gardens opened the , Michigan Farm Garden as a place where families can experience gardens filled with heirloom vegetables, orchards and figurative animal sculpture within a 1930's era farm setting complete with a 100-year-old barn and a replica of Lena (Rader) Meijer’s childhood farmhouse. 
The Frederik Meijer Gardens Amphitheater opened in June 2003. The outdoor music and theater venue features a covered stage set to symphony standards, and is able to accommodate almost any musical performance. As a garden itself, the Amphitheater features tiered lawn seating for 1,800 people. Past musicians featured on the Meijer Gardens Amphitheater stage include 
Harry Connick Jr., B.B. King, Sheryl Crow, Steve Miller Band and Wynton Marsalis.
The Lena Meijer Children’s Garden at Meijer Gardens opened in June 2004 and is one of the largest children’s gardens in the nation. This unique family experience revolves around the enchanted world of plants, gardens, sculpture and nature through creative interactive areas encompassing . Woodland tree houses and a log cabin, an interactive water garden, a butterfly maze, sensory garden and much more, is featured within the most enchanting children’s gardens in the Midwest.
As part of Meijer Gardens' educational focus, the Peter M. Wege Library offers reference books and periodicals on horticulture and sculpture.
Sculpture.
Meijer Gardens includes a outdoor sculpture park, which opened on May 16, 2002. It features more than 170 sculptures by world-renowned artists including Magdalena Abakanowicz, Jonathan Borofsky, Alexander Calder, Tony Smith, Anthony Caro, Anthony Gormley, Mark di Suvero, Henry Moore, Claes Oldenburg, Marshall Fredericks, Arnaldo Pomodoro, Dale Chihuly, Laura Ford and Kenneth Snelson among others. The collection includes numerous monumental sculptures exhibited outdoors, throughout all areas of the property, as well as indoors in the conservatory, specialty gardens and gallery. 
Among the many highlights for visitors is Nina Akamu’s "The American Horse", created in homage to Leonardo da Vinci's original commission by the Duke of Milan as well as selected works by Rodin and Degas featured in the Victorian Conservatory. 
The Sculpture Program at Meijer Gardens features three temporary exhibitions annually. Featured exhibitions included works by Andy Goldsworthy, Tom Otterness, Magdalena Abakanowicz, George Rickey and Jaume Plensa.
Seasonal exhibitions.
Every year, Meijer Gardens features two of its largest exhibitions, "Foremost's Butterflies Are Blooming", sponsored by Foremost Insurance Group, and "Christmas and Holiday Traditions Around the World".
Butterflies - 
"Butterflies Are Blooming" began in 1995 and is open every year, March 1 through April 30. It is the largest temporary butterfly exhibit in the United States with thousands pf tropical butterflies from Central and South America and Asia on display in the Lena Meijer Conservatory. This is Meijer Gardens' largest exhibit with more than 150,000 visitors annually.
Christmas and Holiday Traditions Around the World - 
Started in 1995 as an effort to share how Christmas is celebrated around the world, every November through the first week of January, Meijer Gardens embraces the decorations, music and food of more than 40 countries and cultures and 300,000 lights twinkling indoors and out. Family activities, carriage rides and holiday entertainment take place during weekends and Tuesday nights. The exhibit has grown to become a holiday tradition with more than 75,000 guests visiting from around the country every year.

</doc>
<doc id="2891059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891059" title="Agustín Yáñez">
Agustín Yáñez

Agustín Yáñez Delgadillo (1904 in Guadalajara, Jalisco – 1980 in Mexico City) was a notable Mexican writer and politician who served as Governor of Jalisco and Secretary of Public Education during Gustavo Díaz Ordaz's presidency. He is the author of numerous books and the recipient, in 1952 as member of the "Academía Mexicana de la Lengua", in 1973, of the "Premio Nacional de las Letras". Al filo del agua (On the Edge of the Storm) is universally acknowledge as his masterpiece, according to the Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean literature, 1900-2003 By Daniel Balderston, Mike Gonzalez, page 616.
Education and teaching profession.
Yáñez studied law in the "Escuela de Jurisprudencia de Guadalajara" and philosophy in the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). He held several teaching positions throughout his life, he was a professor in the "Escuela Normal para Señoritas de Guadalajara" from 1923 to 1929, in the "Preparatoria José Paz Camacho" from 1926 to 1929, in the "Preparatoria de la Universidad de Guadalajara" from 1931 to 1932, in the "Escuela Nacional Preparatoria" from 1932 to 1953, in the UNAM from 1942 to 1953 and again from 1959 to 1962.
Political career.
Agustín Yáñez was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as Governor of Jalisco from 1953 to 1959, undersecretary of the President of the Republic from 1962 to 1964 and Secretary of Public Education from 1964 to 1970. He headed the Mexican delegation to UNESCO's 11th general assembly in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="2891072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891072" title="Balakot">
Balakot

Balakot () is a town in Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The town was destroyed during the 2005 earthquake and was later rebuilt with the assistance of the Government of Pakistan and Saudi Public Assistance for Pakistan Earthquake Victims (SPAPEV), a Saudi relief organisation. A separate project, initiated by the Government of Pakistan 'New Balakot City' is being developed near Mansehra, with plans to relocate the population of two Union Councils of Balakot, demarcated as a Red Zone.
Location.
Balakot is located at about thirty-eight kilometres north-east of the city of Mansehra, in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.
It is a historical town, a famous tourist destination of the region and the gateway to Kaghan valley of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa of Pakistan. The river Kunhar, originating from Lulusar lake, runs through the city and merges with Jhelum River just outside Muzaffarabad in Azad Kashmir.
History.
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.
Climate.
Balakot has a humid subtropical climate (Köppen climate classification "Cfa") with hot summers and cool winters. Rainfall in Balakot is much higher than in most other parts of Pakistan. The heaviest rainfall occurs either in late winter (February–March) associated with frontal systems, or in the monsoon season (June–August); however, all months see significant rainfall on average.
Administration.
Balakot is one of the main cities of Mansehra District. It serves as the chief city of Balakot Tehsil, which is the largest Tehsil of Mansehra District. It has also a Union Council and administers the many surrounding smaller towns and villages.
History.
The town or village of Balakot is occupied mainly by Khankhel Swati family, Gujjar, Awan, Swati, Syed, Turk, Mughal and Hanki tribes. It is located on the banks of the River Kunhar before it enters the Kashmir Valley. The Sikhs tried to free Mansehra in the 1818 but were met with resistance from the occupying army. As the Mansehra region fell under Sikh control, it was annexed to Punjab. The movement placed Waziristan, the Mohmand country beyond Kunhar, Chitral and Yusufzai tribes within the control and responsibility of the Indian government. Syed Ahmad Shaheed and Shah Ismail Shaheed, with the help of the Mujahadeen, including the local tribes of tehsil Balakot from Kaghan to Garhi Habibullah led many revolts and attacks against the Sikhs. At last on 6 May 1831, during a fierce battle, Syed Ahmad Shaheed and Shah Ismail Shaheed along with hundreds of their followers were killed. The central mosque of Balakot is named after Syed Ahmed Shaheed. The areas includes diverse groups, the spoken language is Hindko .
Earthquake 2005.
The town was completely destroyed in the massive earthquake on 8 October 2005. The United Arab Emirates has volunteered to rebuild this town into an improved one with housing colonies, schools, hospitals, and other civic facilities. However the Pakistan government has announced that the city will be relocated. The town will be reconstructed about 20 km away at a safer spot with more earthquake-proof buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="2891074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891074" title="Adam Forepaugh">
Adam Forepaugh

Adam John Forepaugh (February 28, 1831 - January 22, 1890) was an American entrepreneur, businessman, and circus owner. 
Forepaugh owned and operated a circus from 1865 through 1890 under various names including Forepaugh's Circus, The Great Forepaugh Show, The Adam Forepaugh Circus, and Forepaugh & The Wild West.
Biography.
Forepaugh was born into poverty in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to John A. Forepaugh and Susannah Heimer. He was working in a butcher shop at age 9. He moved to New York City and began a business dealing in horses and other livestock. He made a fortune during the Civil War selling horses to the U.S. government.
In 1864, Forepaugh sold 44 horses to John V. "Pogey" O'Brien for $9,000 so he could start the Tom King Excelsior Circus. When O'Brien could not repay the loan, Forepaugh assumed partial ownership of the circus, getting him into the circus business, where he would make his most lasting impression. The next year, he and O'Brien purchased the Jerry Mabie Menagerie and created two circuses with their combined assets: The Great National Circus and the Dan Rice Circus. Forepaugh soon sold the Great National Circus and put the Dan Rice Circus under his own name.
Forepaugh was different from most of his fellow circus operators. Already independently wealthy when he entered the circus business, he was much less a showman and much more a businessman—a stark contrast to P. T. Barnum and the Ringling Brothers. He was intimately involved in all aspects of the circus business. He would regularly seat himself at the main entrance into the circus, a vantage point that ensured that his face was seen by all and from which, it was rumored, he could estimate the night's receipts to hold his employees accountable. Through the 1870s and into the 1880s, Forepaugh and P. T. Barnum had the two largest circuses in the nation. Forepaugh actually had more animals than Barnum and generally paid higher salaries to the much-favored European talent. The two men constantly fought each other over rights to perform in the most-favored venues.
They signed truces in 1882, 1884, and 1887, dividing the country into exclusive territories to avoid disputes. But at least twice, they decided to pool their resources and perform together. In 1880, Forepaugh and Barnum combined their shows for a Philadelphia engagement. In 1887, Forepaugh obtained permission to perform in Madison Square Garden, a venue that Barnum considered to be exclusively his but had forfeited by his neglect to renew his contract. A compromise was negotiated, and once again the two circuses presented a combined performance. 
In 1889, Forepaugh sold his circus acts to James Anthony Bailey and James E. Cooper and he sold his railroad cars to the Ringling Brothers. The Ringlings used the equipment to transform their circus from a small animal-powered production to a huge rail-powered behemoth, which later purchased the Barnum & Bailey Circus. Thus, in liquidating his circus assets, he indirectly contributed to the demise of his arch-rival.
Forepaugh died January 20, 1890 in Philadelphia during the 1889–1890 flu pandemic and is buried in the family vault at Laurel Hill Cemetery. Many local charities and churches in the Philadelphia area benefited from his estate, including Temple University, Morris Animal Refuge, St. Agnes, St. Luke's and Children's Medical Center.
Legacy.
He had one child, Adam Forepaugh, Jr., an elephant trainer. He once commented that he would prevail over Barnum because "I have a boy and Mr. Barnum has none. My show will outlast his." Ultimately, although Adam, Jr. worked in his father's circus and executed his estate, he did not follow him in the circus business.
Business practices.
The American circus business in this period was known for its unscrupulous business practices--practices of which Forepaugh was a willing participant. Forepaugh was also noted for his business acumen and marketing prowess, which made his circus profitable every year except one. 
One of the most famous examples of Forepaugh's unscrupulous methods was his rivalry with Barnum over Barnum's white elephant. P. T. Barnum had purchased, at great cost, an ostensibly white elephant, only to discover upon delivery that it was pink, with great spots. Forepaugh heard of this and sniffed an opportunity to one-up Barnum. He whitewashed a regular gray elephant, called it the "Light of Asia", and marketed it as the real thing, not like Barnum's cheap imitation. To further illustrate the spirit of the business dealings between the two, a reporter who managed to sneak up and remove some of the whitewash from the "Light of Asia" to prove Forepaugh's fraud was able to sell this information to Barnum, instead of writing a story about it for his newspaper. 
Some of Forepaugh's methods were truly innovative, however. He was the first circus operator to separate the menagerie from the big ring in order to attract church goers who might be leery of the "sinful" attractions of circus acts, yet still desirous to see the exotic animals in the menagerie. 
Innovations.
Forepaugh was responsible for many innovations in circus history, which influenced circuses for many years.
Lore.
Memory of Forepaugh's circuses continued into the early 20th century. As late as 1928, the poet Vachel Lindsay wrote, "And elephants Adam Forepaugh bred/ In the wilds of the U. S. A./ In his happy Yankee way."
The famous "sucker" quote.
The quote "There's a sucker born every minute, but none of them ever die" is often attributed to P. T. Barnum. The source of the quote is most likely famous con-man Joseph ("Paper Collar" Joe) Bessimer. Forepaugh attributed the quote to Barnum in a newspaper interview in an attempt to discredit him. However, Barnum never denied making the quote. It is said that he thanked Forepaugh for the free publicity he had given him.

</doc>
<doc id="2891081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891081" title="EuroPowerPack">
EuroPowerPack

The EuroPowerPack is the combination of the MTU MT 883 diesel-engine delivering over 1100 kW shaft power with the five-speed Renk HSWL 295TM automatic transmission for the use in heavy tracked vehicles like tanks. As such, despite being labelled 'European,' the powerpack is made entirely by German companies. This very compact power pack delivers as much or more power than the most powerful tank engines currently in service, but offers increased fuel efficiency and needs less space.
Used in.
Potential users:

</doc>
<doc id="2891084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891084" title="Solvent (producer)">
Solvent (producer)

Solvent is the stage name used by electronic producer and remixer Jason Amm (b. 1972; Zimbabwe). Although his music has been included in the electroclash movement (as his track "My Radio" appeared on Ghostly International's 2002 compilation album "Disco Nouveau"), many of Solvent's tracks fall under the intelligent dance music or electropop genres. Jason Amm's music is often associated with its strong influence from early 1980s artists such as Soft Cell and Depeche Mode, but the influence is much wider, spanning the last three decades.
Many of the sounds heard on his tracks are made using analogue gear in more ingenious ways than was ever intended for the equipment.
With partner Gregory DeRocher (who records his own music using the pseudonym Lowfish), Amm owned and operated the Suction record label until its demise in 2008. This was partly because 12" records were no longer being manufactured in Canada, leading to costly imports from the USA.
Aside from tracks appearing on various-artists compilations, Amm has released several full-length albums using the Solvent moniker.

</doc>
<doc id="2891089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891089" title="CETAC">
CETAC

Chalmers Engineering Trainee Appointment Committee (CETAC) is a student group located at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden. The sole purpose of the organisation is to bring American companies and Swedish students together. Each summer, CETAC members go to North America to gain practical experience in their particular field of study.
CETAC was originally founded in 1966 and has since then sent approximately 10-20 students every year to USA and Canada. CETAC is only open for students studying Computer Science & Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Engineering Physics or Software Engineering.
CETAC helps their members with practical details such as insurances, visas, etc. with the support by the American-Scandinavian Foundation.
Since May 1 2006, CETAC has an alumni organization called CETAC Alumni.

</doc>
<doc id="2891090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891090" title="Daud (film)">
Daud (film)

Daud () is a 1997 Hindi road movie thriller by Ram Gopal Varma, starring Sanjay Dutt and Urmila Matondkar, with music composed by A. R. Rahman. The film was based on Ram Gopal Varma's 1991 Telugu film "Kshana Kshanam", which starred Venkatesh and Sridevi.
Plot.
The affable Nandu (Sanjay Dutt), a small-time crook who is hired to deliver a mysterious package to a notorious criminal named Pinky (Paresh Rawal). Feeling that he's being cheated on his delivery fee, Nandu holds out for more money, and soon finds himself on the run from both the angry gangsters and the police, who have launched a massive manhunt. Nandu and Bhavani (Urmila Matondkar), the lovely cabaret dancer who's tagging along for the ride, assume the package contains gold; both are unpleasantly surprised when it turns out to be something deadlier: a nuclear bomb.
Reception.
After the success of his previous movie "Rangeela", "Daud" was much anticipated, though the movie opened well but it did not prove to be a commercial success. It went on to become a cult classic. The dialogues and pot potpourri of subtle jokes and dead-pan humour was very well appreciated. "Daud" had some very good actors and A. R. Rahman at the helm in the music department. Manoj Bajpai played a small part in this film (he would later on work with RGV in "Satya" which made him a bonafide star). It was dubbed into Tamil and Telugu.
Soundtrack.
The score and soundtrack were composed by A. R. Rahman, who also scored "Rangeela". The lyrics were written by Mehboob, except for the song "Daud" which was penned by Sukhwinder Singh. The soundtrack proved successful upon release and is considered the highlight of the film. The songs were also noticed for its picturisation. One of the songs, "Zehreela Pyar" came heavily under the censor scanner for its rather bold picturization.
The soundtrack was re-released in Tamil as a non-film album titled "Ottam" and was dubbed in Telugu as "50–50".
Ottam (Tamil Non Film Soundtrack).
Lyrics: Palani Bharathi
50–50 (Telugu Film Soundtrack).
Lyrics: Sitaram Shastri

</doc>
<doc id="2891096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891096" title="Mrs Henderson Presents">
Mrs Henderson Presents

Mrs Henderson Presents is a 2005 British comedy film written by American playwright Martin Sherman and directed by Stephen Frears. It stars Judi Dench, Bob Hoskins, Kelly Reilly, and "Pop Idol" winner Will Young in his acting debut.
Plot.
The film is based on the true story of the Windmill Theatre in London. Eccentric 70-year-old widow Mrs Laura Henderson purchases it as a post-widowhood hobby, and appoints autocratic manager Vivian Van Damm. In 1937 they start a continuous variety review called "Revudeville," but after other theatres in London copy this innovation, they begin to lose money. Mrs Henderson suggests they add female nudity similar to the Moulin Rouge in Paris. This is unprecedented in the United Kingdom. The Lord Chamberlain (Rowland Baring, 2nd Earl of Cromer) reluctantly allows this under the condition that the nude performers do not move so it can be considered art, the equivalent of nude statues in museums.
Because the theatre's auditorium is below street level it is relatively safe during the bombing of London, and performances continue. The performers bravely go on with the show even during frightening bombing raids, to the extent of the posed nude girls resuming their poses after ducking as the whole theatre is shaken and the scene flats all round them sway, following a bomb landing close by. Eventually, the authorities want the theatre to close because of the danger of crowds gathering in the street outside the theatre. However, Mrs Henderson successfully argues that for soldiers going to die in the war this is their last chance, and for many of the young soldiers their only chance, to see female nudity.
Maureen, one of the cast, becomes involved at Mrs Henderson's instigation with a young soldier, one of the audience regulars. Maureen becomes pregnant, is very upset about how it will affect her life, and hands in her notice. However, before the issue can be resolved, she is killed by a bomb while leaving the theatre. 
Other scenes depict life in the theatre during the period. Mrs Henderson and Mr Van Damm frequently clash and squabble, but also show great appreciation of each other. The film's closing credits explain that on her death in 1944 Mrs Henderson bequeathed the theatre to Mr Van Damm.
Reception.
The film received mostly positive reviews. According to Rotten Tomatoes 65 percent of the critics gave the film a positive review out of 133 reviews. The Web site "Future Movies" regarded "very funny, sweet and charming." Roger Ebert reacted fairly positively to the film, saying ""Mrs. Henderson Presents" is not great cinema, and neither was the Windmill great theater, but they both put on a good show."
Awards.
The film won four minor awards and was nominated for 26, among them four BAFTA Awards including Best Original Screenplay, two Oscars, three Golden Globe Awards and eight British Independent Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="2891097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891097" title="Tyrone Giordano">
Tyrone Giordano

Tyrone Giordano (born 1976) is a Deaf American actor.
An alumnus of Montgomery Blair High School and Gallaudet University, he began acting in Washington, DC in 1999. He was a member of a small troupe of Deaf and hearing actors when he won his first professional role as a member of the Chorus in the Arena Stage production of "The Miracle Worker." In 1999, Giordano had obtained his BA in English from Gallaudet University; by September 2001, he played the lead in the critically acclaimed "Big River", which originated with Deaf West Theatre, in Los Angeles. "Big River" was a hit at Deaf West Theatre and made a second run at the Taper Forum. "Big River" continued its journey, returning to Broadway at the American Airlines Theatre in the summer of 2003, retaining some of its original cast members from 2001 and 2002. Giordano remained with "Big River" for most of its year-long national tour (June 2004-June 2005) as well as its run in Japan, leaving only to complete filming on "The Family Stone", in which he plays the gay deaf brother of lead actor Dermot Mulroney. He also plays the deaf brother of Ashton Kutcher's character in the 2005 film "A Lot Like Love" and can also be seen in 2008's "Untraceable" starring Diane Lane. He was recently onstage as "Pippin" at the Mark Taper Forum, and on film with Russell Crowe in "The Next Three Days".

</doc>
<doc id="2891101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891101" title="Otis Thorpe">
Otis Thorpe

Otis Henry Thorpe (born August 5, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player. He played for several teams in the NBA.
Early years.
Otis Thorpe graduated in 1980 from Lake Worth Community High School in Florida. He played his college ball at Providence College. The school remembers him for having the longest NBA career of any Friar player. He ranks seventh all-time at the school in rebounds and was the school's first First-Team Big East player. During his tenure at Providence College he was also a two-time Honorable Mention All-America selection.
NBA career.
Thorpe was drafted by the Kansas City Kings as the ninth overall pick in the first round of the 1984 NBA Draft and played seventeen seasons in the NBA, seven and a half of which were played with the Houston Rockets. While with the Rockets, Thorpe made an All-Star appearance in 1992.
In 1994, Thorpe was an integral part of the Houston Rockets' first NBA Championship. He also holds the Rockets' all-time record for the highest field goal accuracy (55.9%).
Halfway through the next season, the Rockets realized that they were struggling and needed a change. The team sent Thorpe to the Portland Trail Blazers in a deal for Clyde Drexler. He would only play 34 games for the Blazers before moving on to occupy the starting front court for the Detroit Pistons with Grant Hill for the next two years.
Before the start of the 1997-98 season, the Pistons dealt Thorpe to the Vancouver Grizzlies for a future first-round draft pick. This deal came back to haunt the franchise during the 2003 NBA Draft Lottery when they would have received the second pick and had their choice of Carmelo Anthony, Chris Bosh, or Dwyane Wade, but they were forced to hand the pick over to the Pistons because they had yet to honor the trade. (The Pistons used the pick to choose Darko Miličić.)
Thorpe would play 47 games with the Grizzlies before returning to the Kings. In the offseason, he was traded (along with Mitch Richmond) to the Washington Wizards for Chris Webber. He would finish his last two seasons with the Miami Heat and Charlotte Hornets. When Thorpe finished his last game in 2001, he was the last remaining member of the Kansas City Kings to retire.
Thorpe holds career averages of 14.0 points and 8.2 rebounds per game. He retired from the Charlotte Hornets in 2001, finishing his career with over 17,000 points and 10,000 rebounds in the NBA.

</doc>
<doc id="2891110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891110" title="Roulette (comics)">
Roulette (comics)

Roulette, in comics, May refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2891113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891113" title="American Bankers Association">
American Bankers Association

The American Bankers Association (ABA) is a Washington, D.C.-based trade association for the U.S. banking industry. Founded in 1875, ABA today represents banks of all sizes and charters, including community banks, regional and money center banks, savings associations, mutual savings banks, and trust companies, with the average member bank having approximately $250 million in assets.
Like many large trade associations, ABA's principal activities include lobbying, professional development for member institutions, maintenance of best practices and industry standards (for example, routing transit numbers), consumer education, and distribution of products and services. ABA is considered the largest financial trade group in the United States.
History.
The origins of the American Bankers Association are in the Panic of 1873, when St. Louis banker James Howenstein found himself in “a tight squeeze,” with only a few hundred dollars in funds and millions of deposits to pay. Relying on help and intelligence from peer bankers in the form of frequent correspondence, Howenstein escaped his dilemma and realized the value of a bankers’ fraternal organization.
Howenstein later recalled:
Howenstein convened a group of 17 bankers in New York City on May 24, 1875; this group planned the first convention for the new American Bankers Association, which opened on July 20, 1875, in Saratoga Springs, New York, with 349 bankers representing 31 states and the District of Columbia. The initial constitution called for the association to:
Among the ABA’s earliest activities was the American Institute of Banking, which was founded in 1903 to provide professional education via examinations and certificates through local chapters. AIB provided an alternative path to careers in banking to collegiate training in finance and law.
The ABA, first headquartered in New York City, organized its activities through sections focused on particular bank types. The trust company section was organized in 1896, followed by one for clearing houses in 1899, savings banks in 1902, and state bankers associations in 1908. The ABA’s growth continued with the emergence of the Federal Reserve System, which required national banks to be members of a Federal Reserve Bank and provided the option to state-chartered banks. In 1915, the ABA organized a section for national banks and an additional section for state banks in 1916. To facilitate advocacy before the Comptroller of the Currency, the national bank section opened the ABA’s first office in Washington, D.C., in 1919. The state bank section also used the Washington office to represent its banks’ interest before the Federal Reserve.
In 1925, to commemorate the ABA’s 50th anniversary with “a gift to economic education in America,” the ABA organized an Educational Foundation, with bankers and state associations contributing an initial $400,000 to provide scholarships to study banking, finance, and economics. The Educational Foundation went on to house the ABA’s youth financial literacy initiatives.
The 1930s saw an expansion of the ABA’s professional development activities led by Harold Stonier, ABA’s executive from 1937 to 1952. Stonier founded the ABA Graduate School of Banking at Rutgers University in 1935 with 220 students. The school later moved to Wharton, and in 2007, the Graduate School was named after Stonier. ABA launched other professional development programs in the years that followed, including for bank marketers, compliance officers, trust bankers, and commercial lenders. 
Federal-level advocacy became increasingly important to ABA members over the 20th century. The landmark 1933 Banking Act established the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, separated commercial banking from investment banking under the Glass-Steagall provision, and the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 brought additional Federal Reserve oversight to bank holding companies. With these changes in the industry, the ABA consolidated its operations in its current Washington, D.C., location in 1971, closing the New York office.
The ABA achieved a major goal with the passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in November 1999. Noting that “bankers urgently needed new competitive tools to serve their customers,” ABA’s executive vice president at the time, Donald Ogilvie, attributed the law’s passage to “the deliberate actions of many bankers asking their members of Congress to take action now” and the ABA and state bankers association officers and leaders who “patiently lobbied, cajoled, and bargained with one Congress after another to help make financial modernization a reality.”
In December 2007—eight years after an earlier, abortive attempt—the ABA merged with America’s Community Bankers to form the largest trade association in the financial industry, representing at that time 95 percent of the banking industry’s assets. Over several years, the merger saw the combination of many activities, including the merger two for-profit subsidiaries that provided products and services to members and the integration of the ABA’s Education Foundation with the affordable housing activities and Habitat for Humanity partnership of ACB.
Leadership.
The ABA's activities are overseen by a board of directors consisting of several bankers, representing institutions of all sizes, from community banks to larger regional banks to nationwide banks like JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America. The association is led by four volunteer banker officers and a paid president and CEO. The offices of chairman, chairman-elect, and vice chairman rotate annually. The 2013-2014 officers are chairman Jeff Plagge, president and CEO of Northwest Financial Corporation; chairman-elect John Ikard, president and CEO of FirstBank; vice chairman Dan Blanton, president and CEO of Georgia Bank & Trust; and treasurer Gary Hemmer, president and CEO of the First National Bank of Waterloo, Illinois. Former Oklahoma governor Frank Keating was named president and CEO in November 2010. 
Previous notable ABA officers include: 
Prior to 2002, ABA officers were known as "president," "president-elect," and "first vice president," and the association's chief executive was known as the "executive vice president."
Membership.
According to their website, ABA members include banks of all sizes and charters. Its members – the majority of which are banks with less than $125 million in assets – represent over 95 percent of the industry's $13.5 trillion in assets and employ over 2 million men and women.
Professional Development.
ABA provides members with professional development opportunities including conferences, telephone briefings, diplomas and certificates, schools, online training, e-learning and certification from the Institute of Certified Bankers (ICB).
Advocacy.
The banking industry, financial crisis, Dodd–Frank Act.
The financial crisis of 2007–2010 led to a "sweeping overhaul of the United States financial regulatory system, a transformation on a scale not seen since the reforms that followed the Great Depression." The Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act introduced by Chris Dodd and Barney Frank, is a 1,500-page law, passed in 2010, changed the Commodity Exchange Act, Consumer Credit Protection Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Act, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991, Federal Reserve Act, Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989, International Banking Act of 1978, Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act, Revised Statutes of the United States, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Truth in Lending Act. OECD analyst explained how through the financial crisis and the regulatory measures introduced post-ciris, questions regarding the role of state versus market in regulation have arisen. The banking industry in general and ABA in particular promote the market approach. Because of the crisis it became clear that innovative innovative but complex financial products or instruments were not benign on consumers, markets and the system as a whole, and they require adequate surveillance. Innovation will continue and financial products will continue to become more sophisticated and more widely accessed.
The ABA began lobbying the government when Obama announced his intentions for reform. The ABA spent $4.38 million on lobbying to Congress in the first two quarters of 2011 alone. Consecutively spending $2.36 million for the second quarters of 2010 and 2011. According to Yahoo.com Finance "In the April-to-June period, in addition to Congress, the ABA lobbied the White House; the departments of Agriculture, Treasury and Labor; and regulators such as the Federal Reserve, Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Securities and Exchange Commission, according to the report, filed with the Secretary of the Senate on July 19."
As soon as the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was signed into law by president Obama on July 21, 2011, the American Bankers Association announced it would call for revisions. They declared they would continue to lobby for fewer regulations on the Volcker Rule, Derivatives Regulations, and other pieces of the bill.
In his book (2013) entitled "Act of Congress: How America’s Essential Institution Works, and How It Doesn’t", Washington Post editor Robert G. Kaiser revealed events that led over a period of 18 months to the Dodd–Frank Act 
State bankers associations.
The ABA partners with 53 independent state bankers' groups through the State Bankers Association Alliance. The first state-based association was founded in Illinois in 1880, and by the time the Rhode Island Bankers Association was incorporated in 1915, there was an association in every state.
Legislation.
On November 12, 2013, the ABA published a letter in support of the bill To enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings (H.R. 3329; 113th Congress). The bill would direct the Federal Reserve to revise certain regulations related to small bank holding companies (BHCs). Current regulations allow BHCs with assets of less than $500 million that satisfy other tests to incur higher amounts of debt than larger institutions in order to acquire other banks. H.R. 3329 would apply the less-stringent standard to more BHCs by raising the asset limit to $1 billion, and the bill also would allow savings and loan holding companies to qualify. The ABA said that the legislation "would provide much needed regulatory relief for hundreds of community banks and thrifts." They argued that under an increased BHC threshold, "more banks and thrifts will qualify for coverage under the BHC and will be exempt from certain capital and regulatory guidelines that do not provide materially more safety and soundness protection in the context of these community banks."
On December 4, 2013, Thomas N. Richards testified before the United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit about the bill To amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank (H.R. 3584; 113th Congress). The bill is a bill that would amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to treat certain privately insured credit unions as insured depository institutions for purposes of determining eligibility for membership in a federal home loan bank. Richards testified that the ABA has "concerns about privately-insured credit unions being allowed to join a Federal Home Loan Bank." According to Richards, "the issue of concern is the financial viability of the private insurer to a failure of a non-federally-insured credit union that has a significant level of secured advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank."
Education and Public Outreach Programs.
The American Bankers Association website described the Association's many outreach programs that support low income, disadvantaged communities. The Programs the ABA support includes the ABA Education Foundation and the ABA Housing Partners Foundation.
ABA Housing Partners Foundation.
The American Bankers Association website describes their ABA Housing Partners Foundation was formally created in 1991, to help open a soup Kitchen in Washington, D.C., where the headquarters of the ABA are. On the ABA Housing Partnership webpage they state "The Foundation has been enriching the communities that have hosted our annual conventions for 20 years. Throughout that time, the Foundation has honed its mission to promote and provide affordable housing in our local communities across the country." The Foundation also partnered up with Habitat for Humanity in 2001. The ABA has fully funded and help build homes in the cites of New Orleans, San Francisco, Las Vegas, San Diego, Washington, D.C., Orlando, Chicago, Boston and San Antonio. The cities that host their conventions.
Hurricane Katrina and Bankers-Helping-Bankers Program.
In 2004 Hurricane Katrina struck the United States, reaching the southern states that were along Gulf of Mexico coast. The hurricane had inflicted significant damage to the gulf coast region, including the destruction of much of the City of New Orleans. The hurricane also Destroyed 81 Habitat for Humanity homes through flooding and other hurricane related damage. The New Orleans Chapter of Habitat for Humanity lost their office space, Copier, Records and all the other things that create a business. The American Bankers Association website describes their project to help Habitat, the ABA launched a "New Orleans Habitat for Humanity fund" giving the Habitat Affiliate $25,000 to help rebuild their office's. On January 23, 2006 the ABA gave another $58,000 to the Habitat Chapter to help begin the rebuilding process of New Orleans.
Bankers-Helping-Bankers.
This was another program in response to the Hurricane Katrina disaster. This fund was specifically created to help bank employees with emergency expenses that came up because of the hurricane. The program granted up to $1000 to defray expenses on food, shelter, evacuation travel expense or home repairs. The American Bankers Association website describes their described their program off with $25,000 by mid-February 2006 the fund had raised $115,000 for 300 bank employees in need.
ABA Education Foundation.
The ABA Education Foundation's mission is to help bankers make their communities better through financial education. The foundation operates two national financial education programs for bankers, Teach Children to Save and 
Get Smart About Credit.
The American Bankers Association website describes their publication The Spirit of Banking, a monthly e-mail bulletin about financial education, advocates for banker-delivered financial education, such as in-school banks, and represents bankers within the financial education arena, specifically as part of the Jump$tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy's Board of Directors.
The American Bankers Association website describes their how, through its national programs, the ABA Education Foundation has helped more than 72,000 bankers teach personal finance skills to nearly 3.3 million children and young adults. Founded and funded by bankers, the foundation works closely with a board of bankers and is a subsidiary of the American Bankers Association.
The American Bankers Association website describes how their foundation also sponsors a Consumer Information page, with information about banking services, personal finances and more.
ABA Nasdaq Index.
The ABA NASDAQ Community Bank Index (ABAQ) is a market value-weighted index composed of community based financial institutions. The index was launched in December 2003 to bring greater visibility to community banks, and in turn, promote greater market liquidity and fairer valuations. Calculated on both a total return basis and on a price return basis under the symbol ABAQ, it is the most broadly representative stock index for community banks.

</doc>
<doc id="2891117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891117" title="List of information graphics software">
List of information graphics software

This is a list of software to create any kind of information graphics:
Vector graphics.
Vector graphics software can be used for manual graphing or for editing the output of another program. Please see:

</doc>
<doc id="2891124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891124" title="List of newspapers in Venezuela">
List of newspapers in Venezuela

This is a list of newspapers in Venezuela, both national and regional. Also includes other languages and themes newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="2891127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891127" title="Equity value">
Equity value

Equity value is the value of a company available to owners or shareholders. It is the enterprise value plus all cash and cash equivalents, short and long-term investments, and less all short-term debt, long-term debt and minority interests.
Equity value accounts for all the ownership interest in a firm including the value of unexercised stock options and securities convertible to equity. 
From a mergers and acquisitions to an academic perspective, equity value differs from market capitalization or market value in that it incorporates all equity interests in a firm whereas market capitalization or market value only reflects those common shares currently outstanding.
Calculating Equity Value.
Equity value can be calculated two ways, either the intrinsic value method, or the fair market value method. The intrinsic value method is calculated as follows: 
The fair market value method is as follows:
The fair market value method more accurately captures the value of out of the money securities.

</doc>
<doc id="2891130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891130" title="Kuršumlija">
Kuršumlija

Kuršumlija () is a town and municipality located in Serbia, near the rivers Toplica, Kosanica and Banjska, on the southeast of mount Kopaonik, and northwest of mount Radan. As of 2011, the town has 13,306 inhabitants, while municipality has 19,213.
Geography.
Kuršumlija sits on the area of and administratively is in Toplica District. Its borders the municipalities of Brus, Blace, Prokuplje, Medveđa, Podujevo, and Leposavić. Its southwest border (105 km) is with the disputed territory of Kosovo.
History.
The Romans established the Ad Fines military outpost in the 3rd century AD. There are also remains of churches from the Byzantine period. The Serbian principality of Rascia expanded from this region. Stefan Nemanja, a Serbian lord (župan), and the founder of Nemanjić dynasty, built his residence here, as well as the two monasteries of St. Nicolas and the Holy Mother of God (before 1168). 
There are a lot of historical sights in Kuršumlija from that era: Mara Tower, Ivan Tower, and many medieval churches. The name in that period was Bele Crkve (White Churches) and Toplica. After the invasion by the Ottoman Empire in the 14th century, the Ottomans gave the town its current name, simply by translating the old name, Bele Crkve (White Churches). During Ottoman rule Kuršumlija was part of the Sanjak of Niš. In 1878, Kuršumlija became a part of the Principality of Serbia, which in 1882 became the Kingdom of Serbia.
From 1929 to 1941, Kuršumlija was part of the Morava Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Features.
Kuršumlija is known for a natural monument of hoodoos near Mount Radan known as "Đavolja Varoš" ('Devil's Town'). There are three spas: the Prolom Spa, Kuršumlija Spa, and Lukovo Spa. Prolom water is bottled at the Prolom Spa.
Demographics.
Kuršumlija Municipality include one urban and 89 rural settlements. According to the 2011 census there are 19,213 inhabitants in the municipality.<br>
Ethnic groups in the municipality (2011 census):

</doc>
<doc id="2891148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891148" title="Hawker Cygnet">
Hawker Cygnet

The Hawker Cygnet was a British ultralight biplane aircraft of the 1920s.
Background.
In 1924, the Royal Aero Club organized a Light Aircraft Competition. £3000 was offered in prizes. An entry was made by Hawker Aircraft, which was a design by Sydney Camm, the Cygnet. Camm had joined Hawker the previous year. Two aircraft were built ("G-EBMB" and "G-EBJH") and were entered in the competition, held in 1924 at Lympne Aerodrome, by T. O. M. Sopwith and Fred Sigrist. The aircraft were flown by Longton and Raynham and came in 4th and 3rd places respectively. In 1925, "G-EBMB" was entered again in the 100 mi (161 km) International Handicap Race, this time flown by George Bulman, who won at a speed of 75.6 mph (121.7 km/h). At the same meeting, the Cygnet came 2nd in the 50 mi (80 km) Light Aeroplane Race. In 1926, both aircraft were entered in the competition piloted by Bulman and Flying Officer Ragg, taking first and second place respectively.
Design.
The aircraft were of wood and fabric construction, the fuselage being four longerons strutted in the fashion of a Warren girder. The wing was two box spars with Warren truss ribs. Initially the two aircraft were powered one by an Anzani and the other by an ABC Scorpion (both opposed twin cylinder engines). In 1926 the engines in both Cygnets were changed to Bristol Cherub III another two-cylinder engine. The airframe weighed a remarkably low 270 lb, and its weight when empty was only 373 lb.
Postwar history.
"G-EBMB" was kept by Hawker in storage until 1946, when it was refurbished and reassembled at Hawker's Langley Aerodrome. It was later transferred to their new facility at Dunsfold, where it stayed, being flown to various displays and airshows, until 1972, when it was transferred for exhibition at the Royal Air Force Museum at Hendon. More recently it has been transferred to its site at RAF Cosford in Shropshire, where it can now be seen. An airworthy replica is on display at the Shuttleworth Collection, Old Warden, Bedfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="2891157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891157" title="Rob Schnapf">
Rob Schnapf

Rob Schnapf is an American record producer and musician. He was the co-producer (along with Tom Rothrock) of Elliott Smith's albums "Either/Or", "XO" (on which he also played guitar on the song "Baby Britain"), "Figure 8" and "From a Basement on the Hill", for which he was recruited by Smith's family to complete after Smith's death.
Schnapf, along with Rothrock and partner Bradshaw Lambert, started Bong Load Custom Records in the early 90s which is notable for releasing Beck's "Loser" single. Schnapf first heard Beck as he was playing on the street during the annual Sunset Junction Fair. A week later Rothrock saw Beck jump onstage to play in between bands during a show at Jabberjaw and approached him afterwards about recording his songs. Together Rothrock, Schnapf, Beck and Karl Stephenson recorded the bulk of what would become "Loser", and subsequently "Mellow Gold", Beck's first major label album. Rothrock and Schnapf would continue to record with Beck working on material for what was intended to be his follow-up to "Mellow Gold", a somber acoustic affair meant to silence detractors that claimed he was a one hit wonder joke act. Beck eventually had a change of heart and went on to record "Odelay" with The Dust Brothers only using one song from the Rothrock/Schnapf sessions, "Ramshackle", as the album closer.
Rob and Tom produced the 1993 DOG SOCIETY album entitled "Test Your Own Eyes".
Schnapf later produced Guided By Voices' second of two TVT Records releases; Isolation Drills in 2001 and The Vines debut album "Highly Evolved" in 2002.
In 2003, he produced Saves The Day's album, "In Reverie".
Also, in 2005, he produced Nine Black Alps' debut album "Everything Is".
Schnapf as also worked in conjunction with Australian band Powderfinger in the production of their sixth studio album "Dream Days at the Hotel Existence".
Schnapf produced Brooklyn based artist Kevin Devine's major label debut Put Your Ghost to Rest. Following the success of the partnership Schnapf was also recruited to produce Devine's Another Bag of Bones a single released prior to Devine's follow up album.
This was followed by work with the The Whigs on their debut Mission control for ATO Records.
Schnapf worked with Australian rock band Kisschasy on their third studio album, "Seizures" and Wild Light's debut for Startime International Records.
Schnapf then worked with Booker T. Jones on his grammy winning "Potato Hole" album featuring the Drive By Truckers and Neil Young. He also worked with Dr. Dog and Toadies 2010 release of "Feeler".
Schnapf produced Canadian indie-rock band Tokyo Police Club's 2010 sophomore album "Champ".
Schnapf is also credited with the creation of the tambourine back beat.
He is currently in development of a 1 hour crime drama called the Pope and The Monkey

</doc>
<doc id="2891168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891168" title="Renk">
Renk

RENK AG is a German company, part of the MAN Group. It has its headquarters in Augsburg, and is producer of gears, other components of propulsion technology and test systems. The company manufactures transmissions for tracked vehicles, and supplies marine gearboxes.

</doc>
<doc id="2891174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891174" title="One (Canadian TV channel)">
One (Canadian TV channel)

One (stylized as ONE and often referred to as The Brand new ONE or ONE Body, Mind, Spirit, Love) is a Canadian English language Category A specialty channel. It offers lifestyle and entertainment programming devoted to programming on yoga and meditation, weight loss and fitness, sex and relationships, natural health and nutrition, and alternative medicine. The channel is owned by ZoomerMedia.
History.
In November 24, 2000, a consortium consisting of Vision TV Digital (parent company, S-VOX), Radio Nord Communications, and Wisdom Media Group, were granted approval for One by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). The channel was tentatively known as "Wisdom: Canada's Body, Mind & Spirit Channel". Prior to the channel's launch, ownership was restructured giving Alliance Atlantis and Renewal Partners Company a minority stake in the channel, while Wisdom Media Group's stake was sold. The channel was launched on September 7, 2001 under the name "One: the Body, Mind & Spirit channel".
On January 18, 2008, a joint venture between Canwest and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners, known as CW Media, bought Alliance Atlantis and gained its minority interest in One.
In June 2009, S-VOX announced it would sell its broadcasting assets, including One, to ZoomerMedia, a company controlled by Moses Znaimer. The sale was approved by the CRTC on March 30, 2010. ZoomerMedia assumed control of S-VOX's broadcasting assets on June 30, 2010.
On October 27, 2010, Shaw Communications completed its acquisition of Canwest and Goldman Sachs' interest in CW Media, giving it control of CW Media's 37.77% interest in One. However, in March 2011, Shaw and the other minority stake holders sold their shares in the channel to ZoomerMedia, giving it 100% ownership.
On April 26, 2011 ZoomerMedia announced the rebranding of the channel on May 1, 2011 by introducing a new name, logo, on-air presentation, and programming which it has acquired from the U.S.-based Veria TV. The channel focuses largely on the same genre of programming as it previously did.

</doc>
<doc id="2891184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891184" title="Tom Rothrock">
Tom Rothrock

Tom Rothrock is an international music producer, composer and musician. Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt, Foo Fighters, Moby, Beck, Badly Drawn Boy, R. L. Burnside, Moby, Athlete, Sloan, Gwen Stefani, Motorhead, Elbow, Stevie Nicks, Poison, Elliott Smith, Richard Thompson (musician). Rothrock has also composed or contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures such as "About A Boy", "Good Will Hunting", "Collateral (film)" and "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie".
James Blunt's debut, "Back to Bedlam", has been noted as the "decades best selling album" (2000's). The album also entered the "Guinness Book of World Records", with most albums sold in a year in the UK, when it sold 2,368,000 copies in 2005.
Rothrock started Bong Load Custom Records in the early 1990s enlisting former Record Plant Recording Studios co-workers, Bradshaw Lambert and Rob Schnapf. Bong Load Records is notable for developing and releasing Beck's "Loser" single which became the first number one, non-major label single since FM radio became mainstream. Together Rothrock, Schnapf, Beck, and Karl Stephenson recorded "Mellow Gold", Beck's critically acclaimed major label debut.
In film, Rothrock produced the original songs for the "About A Boy" soundtrack and score with Badly Drawn Boy. He composed music for the film "Collateral" directed by Michael Mann and is credited on the song "Goofy Goober Rock" on the "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie soundtrack". His recording of R. L. Burnside's "It's Bad You Know" was included on "The Sopranos" original television soundtrack release.
During 2013 Rothrock returned to collaborate with James Blunt on the album, "Moon landing". Working primarily at Sunset Sound Studios in Hollywood, California the resulting release was generally well received among music critics and considered a comeback for Blunt.

</doc>
<doc id="2891185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891185" title="Troy Kemp">
Troy Kemp

Troy Kemp (born June 18, 1966) is a former high jumper from Bahamas who won the gold medal at the 1995 World Championships in Athletics. Having jumped 2.38m in Nice 1995, Kemp is a co-holder of the Commonwealth record.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2891196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891196" title="Circulon">
Circulon

Circulon is a name given to non-stick saucepans, frying pans and other cookware manufactured by Meyer. Circulon's non-stick coating is bonded to hard anodized aluminum which is twice as hard as stainless steel. As a result, the non-stick coating adheres to the pan and lasts longer. The grooved wave design protects more of the non-stick coating from abrasion which also extends longevity. 

</doc>
<doc id="2891208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891208" title="Pace stick">
Pace stick

A pace stick is a long stick usually carried by warrant officer and non-commissioned officer drill instructors in the British and Commonwealth armed forces and police forces as a symbol of authority and as an aid to military drill. 
A pace stick usually consists of two pieces of wood, hinged at the top, and tapering towards the bottom, very similar to large wooden drafting compasses used on school blackboards. They are usually shod and fitted with highly-polished brass. They can open so that the tips separate at fixed distances, corresponding to various lengths of marching pace, such as "double march", "quick march", "step short", etc. When opened to the correct pace length, the pace stick can be held alongside the holder's body by the hinge, with one leg of the stick vertical to the ground, and the other leg pointing forward. By twirling the stick while marching, the stick can be made to "walk" alongside its holder at the proper pace.
Otherwise, while on parade or when marching, it is normally carried tucked tightly under the left arm and parallel to the ground, with the left hand grasping the stick near the top. 
The pace stick is usually permitted to be carried off the parade ground by the regimental sergeant major alone; however, at a particular regiment's discretion, other sergeant-majors may carry a pace stick. 
Within the police forces of Australia, the college sergeant and drill instructors of the Australian Federal Police, the drill sergeant of the Victoria Police Academy and the academy senior protocol officer of the New South Wales Police Academy, holding the rank of senior sergeant and hence the highest senior non-commissioned officer carries the pace stick as a badge of office.
The origin of the pace stick is claimed by the Royal Regiment of Artillery, who used a "gunner's stick" to measure the distance between guns in the field. It appeared more like a walking stick, with an ivory or silver knob on the end, and, unlike the modern pace stick, could only be opened a fixed distance. It was quickly adopted and adapted by the Infantry as an aid to drill. 
Another stick carried by soldiers is the drill cane, regimental stick or swagger stick. This is a shorter cane, with polished metal ends. Sometimes these sticks are ornamented by a mock bullet casing, half at each end of the stick; these ornaments are often chromed, or left in their natural brass, but highly polished. They are carried on parade solely as an indicator of rank and authority by senior non-commissioned officers and warrant officers, and their use is generally governed (or restricted altogether) by the regimental sergeant major.
Pace sticks can be opened to specific distances, which each measure specific things:

</doc>
<doc id="2891209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891209" title="David Carson (climatologist)">
David Carson (climatologist)

David John Carson is a climatologist. He has been director of the Hadley Centre (around 1990-1996), director of Numerical Weather Prediction at the UKMO (around 1999-2000), and was director of the World Climate Research Programme from 2000-2005.
Carson joined the UK Meteorological Office in 1969, following his Ph.D from the Department of Applied Mathematics, University of Liverpool, working on the structure and evolution of the atmospheric boundary layer. He did early research on the development of atmospheric general circulation models. In 1982, he was appointed to Assistant Director within the Met Office, and led the Boundary Layer Research Branch and later the Dynamical Climatology Branch. For 1987–1989 Carson was seconded to the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) as their first Programme Director for atmospheric sciences. He returned to the Met. Office in January 1990 and became Director of Climate Research and then first Director of the Hadley Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="2891216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891216" title="Pinacol coupling reaction">
Pinacol coupling reaction

Reaction mechanism..
The first step in the reaction mechanism is one-electron reduction of the carbonyl group by a reducing agent such as magnesium to a ketyl radical anion species. Two ketyl groups react in a coupling reaction yielding a vicinal diol with both hydroxyl groups deprotonated. Addition of water or another proton donor gives the diol. With magnesium as an electron donor, the initial reaction product is a 5-membered cyclic compound with the two oxygen atoms coordinated to the oxidized Mg2+ ion. This complex is also broken up by addition of water with formation of magnesium hydroxide. The pinacol coupling can be followed up by a pinacol rearrangement. A related reaction is the McMurry reaction, which uses titanium trichloride or titanium tetrachloride in conjunction with a reducing agent for the formation of the metal-diol complex, and which takes place with an additional deoxygenation reaction step in order to provide an alkene product.
Scope.
Benzaldehyde may undergo the pinacol coupling photochemically, or with the use of catalytic vanadium trichloride and aluminium metal as the stoichiometric reductant. This heterogeneous reaction in water at room temperature yields 72% after 3 days with 56:44 dl:meso composition.
In another system with benzaldehyde, Montmorillonite K-10 and zinc chloride in aqueous THF under ultrasound the reaction time is reduced to 3 hours (composition 55:45). On the other hand certain tartaric acid derivatives can be obtained with high diastereoselectivity in a system of samarium(II) iodide and HMPA.
Two examples of pinacol coupling used in total synthesis are the Mukaiyama Taxol total synthesis and the Nicolaou Taxol total synthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="2891220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891220" title="St. Pierre Cathedral">
St. Pierre Cathedral

The St. Pierre Cathedral is a cathedral in Geneva, Switzerland, today belonging to the Reformed Protestant Church of Geneva. It was begun under Arducius de Faucigny, the prince-bishop of the Diocese of Geneva, in the 12th century, and includes an eclectic mix of styles. It is best known as the adopted home church of John Calvin, one of the leaders of the Protestant Reformation. Inside the church is a wooden chair used by Calvin.
The area beneath the Cathedral has recently been excavated extensively, revealing a rich history of the site dating back to the time of the Roman Empire. From the 8th to 10th centuries it was one of three cathedrals to coexist on the site. The present building has grown from a cathedral devoted to ecclesiastical use and an early Christian funerary cult; the other two structures, subsumed in the 12th century by the growth of the surviving building, were apparently for different uses, one for public sacraments and the other for church teachings.
The German painter Konrad Witz painted an altarpiece, the so-called "St. Peter Altarpiece", for the Cathedral in 1444, now in the Musée d'Art et d'Histoire, Geneva, which contains his most famous composition, the "Miraculous Draught of Fishes".
Currently, every summer a German Protestant minister is present, making it possible to hold bilingual services and meetings of both German and French Protestant worshippers.
External links.
Images:

</doc>
<doc id="2891222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891222" title="Queen Street bus station">
Queen Street bus station

Queen Street Bus Station is the Brisbane CBD's primary bus terminus. It is underneath The Myer Centre and Queen Street Mall. It is in Zone 1 of the TransLink integrated public transport system.
Where other Australian cities in earlier decades invested in underground rail, Brisbane, Queensland, in an attempt to clear up city streets, invested in tunnels for its bus system. 
Passengers wait for their buses behind automatic doors in an air-conditioned environment with advanced information displays.
Services.
The Queen Street Bus Station serves as the terminus of many routes servicing the South East Busway, Southern and Eastern Suburbs and the Centenary / Indooroopilly / Kenmore corridor.
As of 2009, no Northern Busway services directly connect King George Square busway station with the Queen Street Bus Station. After stopping at King George Square, a number of inbound services bypass the Queen Street Bus Station and stop or terminate at the Cultural Centre on the southern side of the Brisbane River, and vice versa. However, King George Square Busway Station and the Queen Street Bus Station are only a short walking distance apart.
The Station is divided into several platforms originally named after Australian native animals, but now identified by letters and numbers:
Access.
The station has a portal for buses traffic to enter and leave at the northern end of Victoria Bridge, to connect to the Cultural Centre busway station.
The former entry/exit portal (on Albert Street, facing King George Square), from the Queen Street Bus Station, was converted into a tunnel so that the station could be connected to King George Square busway station, which was built (2006–2007) in the lower two levels of the King George Square Car Park.

</doc>
<doc id="2891226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891226" title="Mechanotransduction">
Mechanotransduction

Mechanotransduction refers to the many mechanisms by which cells convert mechanical stimulus into chemical activity. Mechanotransduction is responsible for a number of senses and physiological processes in the body, including proprioception, touch, balance, and hearing. The basic mechanism of mechanotransduction involves converting mechanical signals into electrical or chemical signals. In this process, a mechanically gated ion channel makes it possible for sound, pressure, or movement to cause a change in the excitability of specialized sensory cells and sensory neurons. The stimulation of a mechanoreceptor causes mechanically sensitive ion channels to open and produce a transduction current that changes the membrane potential of the cell. Cellular responses to mechanotransduction are variable and give rise to a variety of changes and sensations.
Ear.
One such mechanism is the opening of ion channels in the hair cells of the cochlea in the inner ear.
Air pressure changes in the ear canal cause the vibrations of the tympanic membrane and middle ear ossicles. At the end of the ossicular chain, movement of the stapes footplate within the oval window of the cochlea, in turn, generates a pressure field within the cochlear fluids, imparting a pressure differential across the basilar membrane. A sinusoidal pressure wave results in localized vibrations of the organ of Corti: near the base for high frequencies, near the apex for low frequencies. The cochlea thus acts as an 'acoustic prism', distributing the energy of each Fourier component of a complex sound at different locations along its longitudinal axis. Hair cells in the cochlea are stimulated when the basilar membrane is driven up and down by differences in the fluid pressure between the scala vestibuli and scala tympani. Because this motion is accompanied by a shearing motion between the tectorial membrane and the reticular lamina of the organ of Corti, the hair bundles that link the two are deflected, which initiates mechano-electrical transduction. When the basilar membrane is driven upward, shear between the hair cells and the tectorial membrane deflects hair bundles in the excitatory direction, toward their tall edge. At the midpoint of an oscillation the hair bundles resume their resting position. When the basilar membrane moves downward, the hair bundles are driven in the inhibitory direction.
Basilar Membrane motion causes a shearing motion between the reticular lamina and the tectorial membrane, thereby activating the mechano-sensory apparatus of the hair bundle, which in turn generates a receptor potential in the hair cells.
Thus the sound pressure wave is transduced to an electrical signal which can be processed as sound in higher parts of the auditory system.
Skeletal Muscle.
When a deformation is imposed on a muscle, changes in cellular and molecular conformations link the mechanical forces with biochemical signals, and the close integration of mechanical signals with electrical, metabolic, and hormonal signaling may disguise the aspect of the response that is specific to the mechanical forces.
Cartilage.
One of the main mechanical functions of articular cartilage is to act as a low-friction, load-bearing surface. Due to its unique location at joint surfaces, articular cartilage experiences a range of static and dynamic forces that include shear, compression and tension. These mechanical loads are absorbed by the cartilage extracellular matrix (ECM), where they are subsequently dissipated and transmitted to chondrocytes (cartilage cells).
Chondrocytes sense and convert the mechanical signals they receive into biochemical signals, which subsequently direct and mediate both anabolic (matrix building) and catabolic (matrix degrading) processes. These processes include the synthesis of matrix proteins (type II collagen and proteoglycans), proteases, protease inhibitors, transcription factors, cytokines and growth factors.
The balance that is struck between anabolic and catabolic processes is strongly influenced by the type of loading that cartilage experiences. High strain rates (such as which occurs during impact loading) cause tissue damage, degradation, decreased matrix production and apoptosis. Decreased mechanical loading over long periods, such as during extended bed-rest, causes a loss of matrix production. Static loads have been shown to be detrimental to biosynthesis while oscillatory loads at low frequencies (similar that of a normal walking gait) have been shown to be beneficial in maintaining health and increasing matrix synthesis. Due to the complexity of in-vivo loading conditions and the interplay of other mechanical and biochemical factors, the question of what an optimal loading regimen may be or whether one exists remain unanswered.
Although studies have shown that, like most biological tissues, cartilage is capable of mechanotransduction, the precise mechanisms by which this is done remain unknown. However, there exist a few hypotheses which begin with the identification of mechanoreceptors.
In order for mechanical signals to be sensed, there need to be mechanoreceptors on the surface of chondrocytes. Candidates for chondrocyte mechanoreceptors include stretch-activated ion channels (SAC), the hyaluronan receptor CD44, annexin V (a collagen type II receptor), and integrin receptors (of which there exist several types on chondrocytes). 
Using the integrin-linked mechanotransduction pathway as an example (being one of the better studied pathways), it has been shown to mediate chondrocyte adhesion to cartilage surfaces, mediate survival signaling and regulate matrix production and degradation. 
Integrin receptors have an extracellular domain that binds to the ECM proteins (collagen, fibronectin, laminin, vitronectin and osteopontin), and a cytoplasmic domain that interacts with intracellular signaling molecules. When an integrin receptor binds to its ECM ligand and is activated, additional integrins cluster around the activated site. In addition, kinases (e.g., focal adhesion kinase, FAK) and adapter proteins (e.g., paxillin, Pax, talin, Tal and Shc) are recruited to this cluster, which is called the focal adhesion complex (FAC). The activation of these FAC molecules in turn, triggers downstream events that up-regulate and /or down-regulate intracellular processes such as transcription factor activation and gene regulation resulting in apoptosis or differentiation.
In addition to binding to ECM ligands, integrins are also receptive to autocrine and paracrine signals such as growth factors in the TGF-beta family. Chondrocytes have been shown to secrete TGF-b, and upregulate TGF-b receptors in response to mechanical stimulation; this secretion may be a mechanism for autocrine signal amplification within the tissue.
Integrin signaling is just one example of multiple pathways that are activated when cartilage is loaded. Some intracellular processes that have been observed to occur within these pathways include phosphorylation of ERK1/2, p38 MAPK, and SAPK/ERK kinase-1 (SEK-1) of the JNK pathway as well as changes in cAMP levels, actin re-organization and changes in the expression of genes which regulate cartilage ECM content.
More recent studies have hypothesized that chondrocyte primary cilium act as a mechanoreceptor for the cell, transducing forces from the extracellular matrix into the cell. Each chondrocyte has one cilium and it is hypothesized to transmit mechanical signals by way of bending in response to ECM loading. Integrins have been identified on the upper shaft of the cilium, acting as anchors to the collagen matrix around it. Recent studies published by Wann "et al." in FASEB Journal have demonstrated for the first time that primary cilia are required for chondrocyte mechanotransduction. Chondrocytes derived from IFT88 mutant mice did not express primary cilia and did not show the characteristic mechanosensitive up regulation of proteoglycan synthesis seen in wild type cells 
It is important to examine the mechanotransduction pathways in chondrocytes since mechanical loading conditions which represent an excessive or injuruous response upregulates synthetic activity and increases catabolic signalling cascades involving mediators such as NO and MMPs. In addition, studies by Chowdhury TT and Agarwal S have shown that mechanical loading which represents physiological loading conditions will block the production of catabolic mediators (iNOS, COX-2, NO, PGE2) induced by inflammatory cytokines (IL-1) and restore anabolic activities. Thus an improved understanding of the interplay of biomechanics and cell signalling will help to develop therapeutic methods for blocking catabolic components of the mechanotransduction pathway. A better understanding of the optimal levels of in vivo mechanical forces are therefore necessary for maintaining the health and viability of cartilage, preventative techniques may be devised for the prevention of cartilage degradation and disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2891230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891230" title="Kingdom of Arles">
Kingdom of Arles

The Kingdom of Arles ("Arelat") or Second Kingdom of Burgundy was a Frankish dominion established from lands of the early medieval Kingdom of the Burgundians in 933 by the merger of the kingdoms of Upper and Lower Burgundy under King Rudolf II.
The new kingdom was called after the Lower Burgundian residence at Arles. Its territory stretched from the Mediterranean Sea to the High Rhine in the north roughly corresponding to the present-day French regions of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, Rhône-Alpes and Franche-Comté, as well as western Switzerland. It was ruled by independent kings until 1032, after which it was incorporated into the Holy Roman Empire.
Carolingian Burgundy.
Since the conquest of the First Burgundian kingdom by the Franks in 534, its territory had been ruled within the Frankish and Carolingian Empire. In 843, the three surviving sons of Emperor Louis the Pious, who had died in 840, signed the Treaty of Verdun which partitioned the Carolingian Empire between them: the former Burgundian kingdom became part of Middle Francia, which was allotted to Emperor Lothair I ("Lotharii Regnum"), with the exception of the later Duchy of Burgundy—the present-day "Bourgogne"—, which went to Charles the Bald, king of West Francia. King Louis the German received East Francia, comprising the territory east of the Rhine River.
Shortly before his death in 855, Emperor Lothair I in turn divided his realm between his three sons in accordance with the Treaty of Prüm. His Burgundian heritage would pass to his younger son Charles of Provence (845-863). Then in 869 Lothair I's son, Lothair II, died without legitimate children, and in 870 his uncle Charles the Bald and Louis the German by the 870 Treaty of Meerssen partitoned his territory: Upper Burgundy, territory north of the Jura mountains ("Bourgogne Transjurane"), went to Louis the German, while the rest went to Charles the Bald. By 875 all sons of Lothair I had died without heirs and the other Burgundian territories were held by Charles the Bald.
In the confusion after the death of Charles' son Louis the Stammerer in 879, the West Frankish count Boso of Provence established the Kingdom of Lower Burgundy ("Bourgogne Cisjurane") at Arles. In 888, upon the death of the Emperor Charles the Fat, son of Louis the German, Count Rudolph of Auxerre, Count of Burgundy, founded the Kingdom of Upper Burgundy at Saint-Maurice which included the County of Burgundy, in northwestern Upper Burgundy.
In 933, Hugh of Arles ceded Lower Burgundy to Rudolph II of Upper Burgundy in return for Rudolph's relinquishing claims to the Italian throne. Rudolph merged both Upper and Lower Burgundy to form the Kingdom of Arles ("Arelat"). In 937, Rudolph was succeeded by his son Conrad the Peaceful. Inheritance claims by Hugh of Arles were rejected, with the support of Emperor Otto I.
In 993 Conrad was succeeded by his son Rudolph III, who in 1006 was forced to sign a succession treaty in favor of the future Emperor Henry II. Rudolph attempted to renounce the treaty in 1016 without success.
Imperial Arelat.
In 1032, Rudolph III died without any surviving heirs, and the kingdom passed in accordance with the 1006 treaty to Henry's successor, Emperor Conrad II from the Salian dynasty, and Arelat was incorporated in the Holy Roman Empire, though the kingdom operated with considerable autonomy. Though from that time the Emperors held the title "King of Arles", few went to be crowned in the cathedral of Arles. An exception was Emperor Frederick Barbarossa who in 1178 was crowned King of Burgundy by the Archbishop of Arles.
Between the 11th century and the end of the 14th century, several parts of Arelat's territory broke away: Provence, Vivarais, Lyonnais, Dauphiné, Savoy, the Free County of Burgundy, and parts of western Switzerland. The Free County of Burgundy was acquired by the Imperial House of Hohenstaufen in 1190 and the eastern parts of Upper Burgundy fell to the House of Zähringen. Later, when the Zähringen line died out, these lands were inherited by the Habsburgs. Most of the territory of Lower Burgundy was progressively incorporated into France — the County of Provence fell to the House of Anjou in 1246 and finally to the French crown in 1481, the Dauphiné was annexed and sold to the French king Charles V of Valois in 1349 by the dauphin de Viennois Humbert II de La Tour-du-Pin. In 1361, Emperor Charles IV of Luxembourg detached the County of Savoy from the Burgundian kingdom.
In 1365, Charles was the last emperor to be crowned King of Arles. In 1378, Charles appointed the Dauphin of France (later King Charles VI of France) as permanent Imperial vicar to administer nominally on behalf of the Empire what remained of Arelat, and from then on Arelat in effect ceased to exist. However, the title "King of Arles" remained one of the Holy Roman Emperor's subsidiary titles until the dissolution of the Empire in 1806, and the office of the Archbishop of Trier continued to act as an archchancellor and prince-elector for King of the Romans, who would become the Holy Roman Emperor, a status that was confirmed by the Golden Bull of 1356.
Despite the title's permanent union with that of King of the Romans, the Arelat was considered for reconstitution several times. The most serious of these was under Pope Nicholas III and sponsored by Charles of Anjou: as part of the deals and truces taken place between 1277 and 1279 between Charles, who at that time was already King of Naples, Rudolf of Habsburg, King of the Romans and aspirant to the Imperial crown, and Margaret of Provence, the Queen-Mother of France, over the conflict of jurisdictions and succession for the County of Provence, as well as the chain of favors exploited by Rudolf to become the sole Imperial candidate. In the agreement, Nicholas III managed to settle Rudolf to give up the whole Arelat to Charles's grandson Charles Martel of Anjou as a dowry for marrying his daughter Klementia von Habsburg, in exchange for hereditary rights to the Kingdom of Germany for him and his successors. Likewise, Nicholas expected Northern Italy to become a kingdom carved out of the Imperial territory and be given to his family, the Orsini. In 1282, Charles was ready to send the child couple to reclaim the old royal title of Kings of Arles, but the War of the Sicilan Vespers frustrated his plans, as well as his planned invasion of the Byzantine Empire. 

</doc>
<doc id="2891231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891231" title="Journal of Clinical Investigation">
Journal of Clinical Investigation

The Journal of Clinical Investigation (JCI) is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI).
Evaluation and peer review of research.
The "JCI" receives submissions from authors worldwide. Unlike at most commercial journals, an Editorial Board made up of scientists actively engaged in scientific discovery rigorously evaluates each submitted article for scientific merit to determine its suitability for the "JCI". Submitted manuscripts are sent out for external peer review if the board member with specific expertise in the subject area handling the manuscript believes it represents a substantial conceptual advance and is appropriate for the broad readership of the "JCI". The "JCI" strives for timely and thoughtful decisions on manuscripts that incorporate the recommendations from peer review and the discussion at the weekly Editorial Board meeting.
Scope.
Research articles focus on the mechanisms of disease, with an emphasis on basic research, early-stage clinical studies in humans, and new research tools and techniques. The "JCI" also publishes scientific reviews in edited series or as stand-alone articles, commentaries on research articles, personal perspectives, editorials, and news and feature items. A companion to the journal, "JCI Impact", launched in January 2013, summarizes and highlights the content of each month's issue.
Editorial Board.
The Editorial Board comprises scientists associated with an academic medical center, which changes every five years, allowing for new editorial perspectives and areas of expertise. Since 2012, the journal has been headed by Editor in Chief Dr. Howard A. Rockman and an Editorial Board of peer scientists at Duke University Medical Center, the University of North Carolina, Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School, and the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute.
Influential research.
The top-cited "JCI" articles as of July 2013, according to Scopus
Business model.
The "JCI" is a nonprofit publication of the ASCI, with a publishing office in Ann Arbor, Michigan. All "JCI" research articles are freely available online upon publication. Revenue derives from submission fees, which support maintenance of an Editorial Board; author publication fees, which support free access to all research; and subscription fees, which apply in the case of most non-research articles. The "JCI" deposits all articles in PubMed Central; however, most non-research articles are embargoed for release by PubMed Central until the start of the year after the year in which those articles are published.
History of the Journal of Clinical Investigation.
The "JCI" was established by the ASCI in 1924 to serve as the major U.S. venue for research on disease and clinical medicine. A publication of the American Society for Clinical Investigation, the journal initially received financial backing from the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research (now known as Rockefeller University). The journal then turned to a model based on individual and university clinic subscriptions. At a time of financial struggles during the Great Depression, the Chemical Foundation ran the "JCI" (1931–1940). Page charges were instituted in 1965 to offset publication costs. Rockefeller University Press published the journal from 1967 until 1999. Since that time, the ASCI has published the "JCI". In 1996 the "JCI" became the first major scientific journal to make its content available barrier-free online.
Editors of the "Journal of Clinical Investigation"

</doc>
<doc id="2891247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891247" title="William A. A. Wallace">
William A. A. Wallace

William Alexander Anderson "Bigfoot" Wallace (April 3, 1817January 7, 1899) was a famous Texas Ranger who took part in many of the military conflicts of the Republic of Texas and the United States in the 1840s, including the Mexican-American War.
Biography.
Wallace was born in Lexington, Virginia. When he learned that a brother and a cousin had been shot down in the Goliad Massacre, he set out for Texas to ""take pay out of the Mexicans""; years later, he confessed that he believed the account had been squared. Wallace was a large man at 6'2" and 240 pounds in his prime.
Wallace fought at the battles of Salado Creek, Battle of Hondo River, and Mier. Some of his most graphic memories were of his experiences in Perote Prison after having survived Black Bean Incident. Wallace later participated in the Mexican-American War Battle of Monterrey and the Comanche Wars.
In the 1850s Wallace commanded a ranger company of his own, fighting border bandits as well as native Americans. He was so expert at trailing that he was frequently called upon to track down runaway slaves trying to get to Mexico. He drove a mail hack from San Antonio to El Paso, and on one occasion, after losing his mules to Comanches, walked to El Paso and ate twenty-seven eggs at the first Mexican house he came to-before going on to town for a full meal.
During the Civil War he helped guard the frontier against Comanches. At one time Wallace had a little ranch on the Medina River on land granted him by the state of Texas.
The later years of his life were spent in South Texas in the vicinity of a small village named Bigfoot. He never married. He was a mellow and convivial soul who liked to sit in a roomy rawhide-bottomed chair in the shade of his shanty and tell over the stories of his career. Wallace was personally honest but liked to stretch the blanket and embroider his stories.
Wallace died on January 7, 1899, and shortly thereafter the Texas legislature appropriated money for moving his body to the Texas State Cemetery. The Big Foot Wallace museum is a local museum dedicated to Wallace, and houses artifacts related to Wallace, as well as, those of the community. http://www.bigfoottx.com/page8.html
Portrayals.
Larry McMurtry included a fictionalized version of Wallace in his "Lonesome Dove" prequel, "Dead Man's Walk". In this book, Wallace is one of the Rangers who signs on with Augustus McCrae and Woodrow Call to go on the Texas Santa Fe Expedition. After they are captured by Mexican authorities, they are made to draw beans to decide who will live or die, a method borrowed from the Mier Expedition. Unlike his real-life counterpart, Wallace in this story draws a black bean, and is executed. In the film, he is played by Keith Carradine.

</doc>
<doc id="2891252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891252" title="Aaron Embry">
Aaron Embry

Aaron Embry (born November 10, 1975, in Bellflower, California) is an American songwriter and record producer. A periodic studio musician and touring pianist with artists such as Elliott Smith and Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, he has also helped write albums by Jane's Addiction and produced albums by artists such as Avi Buffalo. In 2012 he released his solo album "Tiny Prayers" on Vagrant Records.
Early life.
Aaron Embry was born on November 10, 1975, in Bellflower, California. He was the first child of screenwriter / talent manager Karen Embry and dental technician H. Charles Randall. He is the eldest brother of actor Ethan Embry and photographer Kessia Embry. 
Embry began taking piano lessons as a child, and music became a focus of his life. While a high school junior, he played his first professional gig in the orchestra pit of a production of "Evita".
Career.
When Embry was 19 years old Capitol Records signed him to a two year development deal as a solo artist. A formal album wasn't released, but the demo-recording process started his career as a songwriter. He then played piano and guitar in Elliott Smith’s band touring for the album "Figure 8", playing live with Smith, Sam Coomes and Scott McPherson. Embry states that "witnessing [Smith's] creative process was for me the equivalent to taking a graduate course in songwriting." Embry played piano with the band on the April 21, 2000's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".
Embry later became the leader of the indie-rock group Amnion, helping write the group's songs. In February 2008, Amnion released their debut full-length album "AmenNamO".
Embry has remained a frequent touring musician, working for musicians such as Willie Nelson. He played piano on the debut album "Up From Below", and was then the touring piano player with Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros from 2009-2012. In August 2012 he booked a string of dates opening for Mumford and Sons in support of his debut solo album, "Tiny Prayers".
Producing.
He has engineered, recorded, and produced a number of albums by other musicians and groups. In 2009, Embry produced and recorded the debut album of Long Beach-based band Avi Buffalo for Sub Pop Records at his home studio "Hunter's Hollow" in Glassell Park, CA.
He worked with producer Daniel Lanois on his album "Shine", and also spent time with the Los Angeles production of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch".
"Tiny Prayers" (2012).
Embry began writing a solo album while on the road with his friend, Alexander Ebert of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. "Tiny Prayers" was released on September 18, 2012 on Community and Vagrant. The album includes ten songs written, performed, and co-produced by Embry, with Woody Jackson also co-producing.
The album was positively received. According to a review in "Aquarium Drunkard," “Moon of the Daylit Sky,” the album’s opening track, "is perfectly sparse, but there’s a bit of old-fashioned magic as some brushed drums, mandolin, and Embry’s tinkling of the ivory fill out the song’s skeletal frame. Embry has just a small warble of a voice, but it carries immense weight. He can be airy and vague on the keys but only in the way that a great jazz pianist can." "Performer Magazine" stated that with "Tiny Prayers" "Embry relies on a plethora of instruments to convey his thoughts and emotions. Despite the calm and minimalist approach to the album, he displays...a seasoned understanding of how to blend them all together into something captivating."
Personal life.
Aaron resides with wife, Nikki, and their daughter, Mayla, in Ojai, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="2891268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891268" title="Peder Anker">
Peder Anker

Peder Anker (8 December 1749 – 10 December 1824) was a Norwegian businessman and politician. He served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1814 until 1822.
Biography.
Peder Anker was a member of a Danish-Norwegian noble family. He was born in Christiania, the son of the wealthy merchant Christian Anker. He had three brothers Iver (1745-1772), Bernt (1746-1805) and Jess (1753-1798). Following education in Christiania and a year as student at the University of Copenhagen, Peder Anker and his brothers spent five years traveling with private tutors in Great Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Sweden.
Peder Anker bought the Bogstad manor with additional forest land and extended the existing house to make a splendid mansion. Bogstad had for about 100 years belonged to members of the Leuch family, his grandmother's family. He also acquired iron mines and foundries, notably Bærums Verk and Hakadal Verk. The Vækerø manor near Oslo was established as a port for the export of iron. Anker rose to become one of Norway's richest individuals.
Peder Anker was a delegate to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll in 1814, representing Akershus Amt. He distinguished himself as a "unionist." On 18 November 1814 he was appointed Prime Minister of Norway to Stockholm after the Union between Sweden and Norway was established, and remained in this office until 30 June 1822. In 1815, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Honors.
Peder Anker was decorated with the Royal Order of the Seraphim and the Order of Charles XIII.
Legacy.
The residential street "Peder Ankers vei" in Jar, Norway was named after Peder Anker. Roads have been named after Peder Anker in Oslo, Halden, and Jar.

</doc>
<doc id="2891273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891273" title="Barebone computer">
Barebone computer

A barebone computer is a partially assembled platform or an unassembled kit of computer parts allowing more customization and lower costs than a retail computer system. They are available for desktop computer, notebook (see barebook) and server purposes, and in nearly any form factor. Manufacturers are also able to produce systems of a specialized or non-standard form factor, since the system is sold as a pre-built unit, with the motherboard and power supply already installed.
Components.
Assembling a barebone computer by hand is usually less expensive than buying a pre-configured computer from a retailer, and may save time and labor compared with building a system from scratch. A typical barebone desktop system consists of a computer case (or tower), with a pre-fitted motherboard and power supply, and often cooling accessories, an optical drive, and possibly a media-card reader. The purchaser of such a platform only has to equip it with a CPU, RAM, hard drive (if these are not already included) and additional input/output devices depending on their needs. This often includes installing an upgraded graphics processor if the one built into the motherboard is deemed insufficient (or not present at all). Audio adapter or network adapter may be added but this is less common as recent motherboards often already contain capable solutions.
Peripherals, such as a keyboard, mouse and monitor, almost always must be acquired separately. Barebone systems sometimes include a CPU or RAM, but rarely any mass storage media (hard drives), operating system or other software. Sometimes PCs with everything a normal desktop PC has except Microsoft Windows operating systems are sold as a barebone computer, but may include free software such as Linux. Refurbished and used computers may also be repackaged as barebone computers, as many computers returned for refurbishing may have missing, broken, or obsolete parts such as hard drives and peripherals.
Upgrade limitations.
Future upgradeability of a barebone system may be limited, especially from the point of view of the motherboard component, which may have less space for extra I/O devices and fewer memory and PCI card slots than desired. The motherboard may not be compatible with faster processors and memory than those originally purchased with the barebone system. Barebones may also have limit on the maximal processor thermal design power (TDP) and not be able to support CPUs that would otherwise fit into the socket.
Manufacturers.
The following companies currently manufacture barebone computers:
This list is not absolute or exhaustive.

</doc>
<doc id="2891277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891277" title="Nuclear-weapon-free zone">
Nuclear-weapon-free zone

A nuclear-weapons-free zone (NWFZ) is defined by the United Nations as an agreement which a group of states has freely established by treaty or convention, that bans the use, development, or deployment of nuclear weapons in a given area, that has mechanisms of verification and control to enforce its obligations, and that is recognized as such by the General Assembly of the United Nations.
NWFZs have a similar purpose to, but are distinct from, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to which all countries except for four nuclear weapons states are party. Another term, nuclear-free zone, often means an area which has banned both nuclear power and nuclear weapons, and sometimes nuclear waste and nuclear propulsion, and usually does not mean a UN-acknowledged international treaty.
Scope.
Today there are five zones covering continental or subcontinental groups of countries (including their territorial waters and airspace), one UN-recognized zone consisting of a single country, Mongolia, and three governing Antarctica, the seabed, and outer space which are not part of any state. The Antarctic, seabed, and space zones preceded all but one of the zones on national territories. Most of the Earth's oceans above the seabed are not covered by NWFZs since freedom of the seas restricts restrictions in international waters.
NWFZs do not cover international waters (where there is freedom of the seas) or transit of nuclear missiles through space (as opposed to deployment of nuclear weapons in space).
The NWFZ definition does not count countries or smaller regions that have outlawed nuclear weapons simply by their own law, like Austria with the Atomsperrgesetz in 1999; also, the 2+4 Treaty, at the end of the Cold War, banned nuclear weapons in the six states, which joined to Germany 1990 (area of Berlin and former East Germany), but was an agreement only among the four Allies and two German states.
NWFZs do cover most territories belonging to nuclear weapons states that are situated inside NWFZ boundaries; all are small islands except for French Guiana. However, the U.S. signed but has not ratified Protocol I to the Treaty of Rarotonga which would apply to American Samoa and Jarvis Island plus the U.S. and Britain dispute on the African NWFZ's applicability to Diego Garcia which has an American military base.
Regions without NWFZ.
The majority of non-NWS non-NWFZ states are in Europe and the North Pacific and are members of (or surrounded by) collective security alliances with nuclear weapons states dating from the Cold War and predating the NWFZ movement.
22 states are not part of a NWFZ or a collective security bloc nor nuclear weapons states, 12 in the Middle East, 6 in South Asia, and 4 in the former Soviet Union.
There have been NWFZ proposals for the Middle East (e.g. Nuclear program of Iran#Nuclear Free Zone in the Mideast, 2009 UN proposal, 2011 IAEA forum), the Korean Peninsula, Central Europe, South Asia, South-east Asia, and the Arctic.
All countries without nuclear weapons are parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, as are the 5 NPT-sanctioned nuclear weapon states.
Europe.
Britain, France, and the USA share a nuclear umbrella with the 25 other members of NATO, and the 4 European Union states not part of NATO (Austria, Ireland, Sweden, Finland) are part of the EU's Common Security and Defence Policy.
The other European countries west of the former Soviet Union
are small Western European states are surrounded by and aligned with the EU and NATO but not members (Switzerland and European microstates Liechtenstein, Monaco, San Marino, Vatican, Andorra), or Balkan states that have not yet joined the EU (Bosnia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Serbia and Kosovo).
NATO also extends to Turkey and Canada.
Former Soviet Union.
Belarus and Armenia, along with the five members of the Central Asian NWFZ, are allies of Russia in CSTO, the three Baltic states have joined NATO, and the GUAM states (Georgia, Azerbaijan, Ukraine, Moldova) are not party to either security treaty.
North Pacific.
South Korea and Japan are American allies under its nuclear umbrella, while the three Micronesian states (Marshalls, Federated States of Micronesia, and Palau) are in a Compact of Free Association with the USA.
South Asia.
India and Pakistan are nuclear-armed states and the 5 other South Asian states (Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan) are not part of a NWFZ or security bloc.
Middle East.
The 6 Gulf Cooperation Council states, the 5 other Arab League states outside Africa (Yemen, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq), and Iran (see Nuclear program of Iran) are not nuclear weapons states and not part of a NWFZ. The UN General Assembly has urged establishment of a Middle East NWFZ, and NPT Review Conferences in 1995 and 2010 called for a zone free of all weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East. An International Conference For A WMD-Free Middle East was held in Haifa in December 2013 attended by citizens from all over the world concerned about the lack of progress in the official talks.
Geography.
The Antarctic, Latin American, and South Pacific zones are defined by lines of latitude and longitude, except for the northwestern boundary of the South Pacific zone which follows the limit of Australian territorial waters, and these three zones form a contiguous area, though treaty provisions do not apply to international waters within that area. In contrast, the Southeast Asian zone is defined as the territories of its members including their Exclusive Economic Zones, and the African zone is also defined as the countries and territories considered part of Africa by the OAU (now the African Union) which include islands close to Africa and Madagascar. An AU member, Mauritius, claims the British Indian Ocean Territory where Diego Garcia is currently a US military base.
Because few prevailing winds cross the Equator, effects of nuclear explosions in the Northern Hemisphere might send less fallout to the Southern Hemisphere.
The five southern NWFZs cover Southern Hemisphere lands except East Timor which is in the process of joining ASEAN, and islands north of the 60th parallel south, east of the 20th meridian west, and west of the 115th meridian east, but outside of African, Australian or Indonesian territorial waters, which combined have less than 8000 km² of land area, mostly in Kerguelen:
In 1994 states of the South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone issued a "Declaration on the Denuclearization of the South Atlantic" which the U.N. General Assembly endorsed but the U.S., U.K., and France still opposed.
The Latin American, African, South Pacific and Southeast Asian zones also cover most land in the tropics, but not some Northern Hemisphere areas south of the Tropic of Cancer. Most tropical land outside of NWFZs is in India and the Arabian Peninsula.
Little of the land area covered by the five southern Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones extends north of the Tropic of Cancer: only northern Mexico, northern Bahamas, northern Myanmar, and North Africa. However, the Central Asian and Mongolian zones are entirely in the North Temperate Zone.
Nuclear power and programs.
Four NWFZ countries have nuclear plants to generate electricity.
South Africa formerly had a nuclear weapons program which it terminated in 1989.
Argentina and Brazil are known to operate uranium enrichment facilities. Countries that had enrichment programs in the past include Libya and South Africa, although Libya's facility was never operational. Australia has announced its intention to pursue commercial enrichment, and is actively researching laser enrichment.
Argentina and Brazil also have plans to build nuclear submarines.

</doc>
<doc id="2891278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891278" title="Jefferson Holt">
Jefferson Holt

Jefferson Holt is the founder of Daniel 13 Press and former manager of rock band R.E.M., often referred to as the band's "fifth member," from 1981-1996.
In 1996, Holt and R.E.M. parted ways. When asked about leaving the band he offered this statement to Chuck Philips L.A.Times Staff Writer:
"I've agreed to keep the terms of my agreement with R.E.M. confidential, however, 15 years is a long time, and as time passed, our friendships have changed. I think we found as time passed
that we have less and less in common. I've become more interested in other things in life and wanted to spend more time pursuing those interests. I'm happier than I have been in a long time."
Representatives for R.E.M. released a statement that said the band and Holt terminated their relationship by mutual agreement. According to the statement: "The reasons for this
decision and terms of the termination are private and confidential, and no further discussion of these matters will be made by any of these parties." 
Under the name Vibrating Egg, Holt recorded a solo single on Dog Gone Records, which included Mike Mills on bass.
Holt now lives with his family in North Carolina, where he collects art and memorabilia, publishes books, and pursues sundry philanthropic interests. Philanthropic interests includes artistic patronage to emerging artists, photographers, musicians, writers, and burlesque performers.
Holt is also the publisher for Daniel 13 Press, publishing photographic books by amateur and professionals, alike. 
His mother was Bertha "B" Holt, member of the North Carolina State House of Representatives. The childhood home of Jefferson Holt, the house of Bertha Holt is featured in 509, limited book edition by Pamela Pecchio.
References to Holt in R.E.M. songs.
Holt is referenced in the song "Little America," from 1984's "Reckoning" album. The song's (and album's) last line, "Jefferson, I think we're lost," was changed to "Washington, I think we're lost" when the song was revived for live shows, as evidenced in a 2007 performance on the 2-CD "Live at The Olympia" set in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2891294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891294" title="Admiel Kosman">
Admiel Kosman

Admiel Kosman (born in 1957) is an Israeli poet and professor of Talmud.
Biography.
Admiel Kosman was born in Haifa, Israel to an Orthodox Jewish family. His father hailed from a German Jewish family living in France, and his mother immigrated from Iraq. After serving in the Israel Defense Forces in an artillery unit and attending Yeshivat Hakotel in the Old City of Jerusalem, he studied graphic art and pottery at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design. He did his Ph.D. in Talmud at Bar-Ilan University in Ramat Gan.
Kosman has four children from his first marriage.
Since relocating to Berlin, Kosman is a professor of Religious and Jewish Studies at Potsdam University and the academic director of Abraham Geiger Reform Rabbinical Seminary.
Kosman is the author of eight books of poetry. His poems often deal with the tension between his religious faith and artistic sensibilities. Kosman has also written three volumes of post-modern scholarship on gender in traditional Jewish texts. In 2000, he was invited by Nobel Prize winning Polish poets Czeslaw Milosz and Wislawa Szymborska to participate in an interfaith festival in Cracow, Poetry – between Prayer and Song.
Awards.
Kosman has been awarded national prizes for poetry including the Bernstein Prize (original Hebrew-language poetry category), the Prime Minister’s Prize (1976) and the Brenner Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="2891304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891304" title="Smiths Knoll">
Smiths Knoll

Smiths Knoll is a literary periodical, published in the United Kingdom. It was founded by Roy Blackman and Michael Laskey in 1991.
It is currently edited by Michael Laskey and Joanna Cutts.

</doc>
<doc id="2891306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891306" title="Tocotrienol">
Tocotrienol

Tocotrienols are members of the vitamin E family. An essential nutrient for the body, vitamin E is made up of four tocopherols (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) and four tocotrienols (alpha, beta, gamma, delta). The slight difference between tocotrienols and tocopherols lie in the unsaturated side chain having three double bonds in its farnesyl isoprenoid tail. Tocotrienols are natural compounds found in select vegetable oils, including rice bran oil and palm oil, wheat germ, barley, saw palmetto, anatto, and certain other types of seeds, nuts, grains, and the oils derived from them. This variant of vitamin E typically only occurs at very low levels in nature.
Chemically, vitamin E in all of its forms functions as an antioxidant. All of the tocotrienol and tocopherol isomers have this antioxidant activity due to the ability to donate a hydrogen atom (a proton plus electron) from the hydroxyl group on the chromanol ring, to a free radical in the body. This process inactivates ("quenches") the free radical by effectively donating a single unpaired electron (which comes with the hydrogen atom) to the radical. Although the many vitamers of vitamin E have different distributions and metabolic fates, there is as yet no accepted evidence that any of the active forms of vitamin E are able to do any essential function in the body that each of the others is not also able to do. Specifically, symptoms caused by "alpha"-tocopherol deficiency can be alleviated by tocotrienols. Thus, tocotrienols may be viewed as being members of the natural vitamin E family not only structurally but also functionally. Thus, one model for the function of vitamin E in the body is that it protects cell membranes, active enzyme sites, and DNA from free radical damage.
While the majority of research on vitamin E has focused on "alpha"-tocopherol, studies into tocotrienols account for less than 1% of all research into vitamin E. More recently, tocotrienols have been the subject of increased scientific attention, with research on tocotrienols accounting for nearly 30% of all peer-reviewed articles published on vitamin E between 2009 and 2010. The first-ever scientific compilation of tocotrienol research, "Tocotrienols: Vitamin E Beyond Tocopherols", was published in 2008 by CRC and AOCS Press, while a second edition was published in 2013.
Tocotrienols are named by analogy to tocopherols (from Greek words meaning "to bear a pregnancy" (see tocopherol); but with this word changed to include the chemical difference that tocotrienols are trienes, meaning that they share identical structure with the tocopherols except for the addition of three double bonds to their side chains.
Tocotrienols have only a single chiral center, which exists at the 2' chromanol ring carbon, at the point where the isoprenoid tail joins the ring. The other two corresponding centers in the phytyl tail of the corresponding tocopherols do not exist due to tocotrienol's unsaturation at these sites. Tocotrienols extracted from natural sources always consist of the dextrorotatory enantiomers only. These naturally occurring, dextrorotatory stereoisomers are generally abbreviated as the "d-" forms, for example, "d-tocotrienol" or "d-alpha-tocotrienol". In theory, the unnatural "l-tocotrienol" (levorotatory) forms of tocotrienols could exist as well, which would have a 2S (rather than 2R) configuration at the molecules' single chiral center. In practice, however, tocotrienols are only typically produced from natural sources, and neither the synthetic mixed stereoisomer ("dl-tocotrienol") or synthetic single stereoisomer ("l-tocotrienol") are marketed as dietary supplements.
History of tocotrienols.
The discovery of tocotrienols was first reported by Pennock and Whittle in 1964, describing the isolation of tocotrienols from rubber. The biological significance of tocotrienols was clearly delineated in the early 1980s, when its ability to lower cholesterol was first reported by Qureshi and Elson in the "Journal of Medicinal Chemistry". During the 1990s, the anti-cancer properties of tocopherols and tocotrienols began to be delineated.
The current commercial sources of tocotrienol are rice, palm, and annatto. The ratios of tocopherol-to-tocotrienol extracted from rice, palm, and annatto sources are 50:50, 25:75, and 0.1:99.9, respectively. α-tocopherol makes up roughly 25–50% of palm and rice vitamin E mixtures, respectively, and has been shown to interfere with tocotrienol benefits. Annatto, on the other hand, naturally contains only δ- and γ-tocotrienols and is essentially tocopherol-free, hence not confined by α-tocopherol interference issues.
Other natural tocotrienol sources include rice bran oil, coconut oil, cocoa butter, barley, and wheat germ. Sunflower, peanut, walnut, sesame, and olive oils, however contain only tocopherols.
Some vitamin E supplements supply 50–200 mg/day of mixed tocotrienols. In a number of clinical trials, doses of tocotrienols as low as 42 mg/day have shown to reduce blood cholesterol levels by 5–35%. Tocotrienols are safe and human studies show no adverse effects with consumption of 240 mg/day for 48 months.
Tocotrienol rich fractions from rice, palm, or annatto, used in nutritional supplements, functional foods, and anti-aging cosmetics, are available in the market at 20%, 35%, 50%, and 70% total vitamin E content. Molecular distillation occurs at lower temperatures and reduces the problem of thermal decomposition. High vacuum also eliminates oxidation that might occur in the presence of air. For the utility and quality it is desired for the absolute tocotrienol concentration to be highest, tocopherol to be the lowest, and the process used to be solvent-free. Annatto tocotrienol has the highest tocotrienol concentrations, and is tocopherol-free.
Vitamin E, be it tocopherols or tocotrienols, is extremely sensitive to heat.
Comparison of tocotrienol and tocopherol.
Since the 1980s, there have been more studies proving tocotrienols are more potent in their anti-oxidation and anti-cancer effect than the common forms of tocopherol due their chemical structure. The unsaturated side-chain in tocotrienols causes them to penetrate tissues with saturated fatty layers more efficiently, making them ideal for anti-aging oral supplements and the skincare range. Tocotrienols are better than tocopherols at combating oxidative stress of skin that had been exposed to UV rays of the sunlight.
Vitamin E has long been known for its antioxidative properties against lipid peroxidation in biological membranes and "alpha"-tocopherol is considered to be the most active form. In vivo, tocotrienols are more powerful antioxidants, and lipid ORAC values are highest for δ-tocotrienol. Since 2000, scientists have suggested tocotrienols are better antioxidants than tocopherols at preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer. From the pharmacological standpoint, current formulation of vitamin E supplements, composed mainly of "alpha"- tocopherol, seems questionable.
α-tocopherol interference.
Various studies have shown that alpha-tocopherol interferes with tocotrienol benefits. This was first published by Qureshi "et al." in 1996, where researchers administered varying amounts of α-tocopherol and/or tocotrienol to six groups of chickens. The group that received only a minimal amount of α-tocopherol showed the greatest reduction in lipid parameters, while the group with the highest amount of alpha-tocopherol had an increase in cholesterol production. A separate study confirmed that high levels of α-tocopherol increase cholesterol production.
α-tocopherol interference with tocotrienol absorption was described previously by Ikeda "et al.", who showed that α-tococopherol interfered with absorption of α-tocotrienol, but not γ-tocotrienol. More recently, Japanese researchers found that tocopherols, and α-tocopherol in particular, interfered with δ-tocotrienol’s ability to induce apoptosis in cancer cells, while blocking the absorption of δ-tocotrienol. Finally, α-tocopherol was shown to interfere with tocotrienols by increasing their catabolism.
Synthetic tocotrienols.
Curiously, synthetic tocotrienol is not commonly available despite the ability to generate the compounds through chemical reactions. Depending on the route of synthesis, the product may result in a racemic mix of dl-tocotrienol which consists of a mix of d and l (left and right) forms that are lateral inversions of one another. However, pure isomers of either the d or l tocotrienol forms should also be possible using the right chemistry. In theory these would then likely confer many of the clinical benefits claimed for natural tocotrienol while being extremely pure in comparison and relatively cheap to produce.
Health effects of tocotrienols.
Many research claims of tocotrienols' health benefits for human beings have been made. The toxicity levels for humans are presently unknown. The no-observed-adverse-effect level (NOAEL) for rats is estimated at 120–130 mg/kg body weight/day. As of 2004, the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine of the United States National Academy of Sciences did not define either the health benefits or the health risks, i.e. the Estimated Average Requirement, the Recommended Dietary Allowance, the Adequate Intake and the Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) were defined for alpha-tocopherol (except the ULs for infants) but not for tocotrienols.
Tocotrienol is more effective antioxidant than tocopherol because its unsaturated side chain facilitates better penetration into saturated fatty layers of the brain and liver. Tocotrienols can lower tumor formation, DNA damage and cell damage.
Tocotrienols and stroke-induced Injuries.
In the peer-reviewed "Stroke" journal (Oct 2005), oral supplementation of a natural full spectrum palm tocotrienol complex to spontaneously hypertensive rats led to increased tocotrienol levels in the brain. The rats, supplemented with tocotrienols, showed more protection against stroke-induced injury compared to controls (non-supplemented group). This study demonstrated that oral supplementation of the palm tocotrienol complex acts on key molecular checkpoints (c-Src and 12-Lipoxygenase) to protect against glutamate- and stroke-induced neurodegeneration and ultimately protect against stroke in vivo. The protective effects of tocotrienols are independent of their antioxidant activity because tocopherols were effective only at higher concentrates.
In 2005, a study jointly undertaken at Wayne State University and Ohio State University Medical Center showed that tocotrienol can be efficiently delivered to organs and could therefore offer the health benefits suggested by in vitro and in vivo studies. "Our results demonstrate that tocotrienols is efficiently delivered to the bloodstream despite the fact that the transfer protein has a lower affinity for tocotrienols than it has for tocopherols," said Chandan Sen of Ohio State University and senior author of the study.
The researchers recruited women with normal cholesterol levels (average age of 23.5 years old) and gave them a fat-rich strawberry smoothie containing 400 mg of vitamin E containing 77 mg "alpha"-tocotrienol, 96 mg "delta"-tocotrienol, and 3 mg "gamma"-tocotrienol, plus tocopherols. Since vitamin E is a fat-soluble vitamin, the researchers chose to deliver the micronutrient in a fat-loaded meal in order to improve absorption. Blood measurements in the post-prandial period showed that maximal "alpha"-tocotrienol levels averaged almost 3 micromoles in blood plasma, 1.7 micromoles in low density lipoproteins, and 0.5 micromoles in high density lipoproteins. "This work presented first evidence demonstrating the post-absorptive fate of tocotrienol isomers and their association with lipoprotein subfractions in humans," wrote lead author Pramod Khosla of Wayne State University.
These concentrations, say the researchers, are sufficient to support the proposed neuro-protective functions of tocotrienol. "We have determined that when administered orally, tocotrienol can reach concentrations needed to serve these… protective functions," said Sen. "It is a regular dietary ingredient in Asia, so it can safely be a part of a daily diet within prepared foods or as a supplement in the United States." Can it be therapeutically used to prevent stroke? "Results from animal studies are encouraging, but it is still too soon to tell for humans," he added.
Tocotrienols and pancreatic cancer.
Pancreatic cancer represents the fourth-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, with a dismal 5-year survival rate of less than 5%. Early detection and screening for pancreatic cancer in the current state should be limited to high-risk patients, although hereditary/familial factors account for only 10% of patients with pancreatic cancer.
In a 2009 in-vitro study, scientists at Department of Nutrition and Food Sciences, Texas Woman's University evaluated the impact of d-"delta"-tocotrienol, on human MIA PaCa-2 and PANC-1 pancreatic carcinoma cells and BxPC-3 pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma cells. They concluded suppression of mevalonate pathway activities, be it by modulators of HMG CoA reductase (statins, tocotrienols, and farnesol), farnesyl transferase (farnesyl transferase inhibitors), and/or mevalonate pyrophosphate decarboxylase (phenylacetate) activity, have a potential in pancreatic cancer chemotherapy.
Moreover, a Phase I dose-escalating clinical study evaluating the effect of pure δ-tocotrienol towards individuals with pancreatic cancer is running from 2009 to 2013 at the Moffitt Cancer Centre, and is the first tocotrienol study that is being clinically evaluated in humans towards cancer.
Tocotrienols and hepatic cancer.
In a 1993 study where rats were induced with a potent liver cancer agent, scientists found less liver cell damage in the group fed with palm tocotrienols.
Tocotrienols and breast cancer.
In the 1990s, studies showed tocotrienols are the components of vitamin E responsible for growth inhibition in human breast cancer cells in vitro, through estrogen-independent mechanisms. Tocotrienols work synergistically with tamoxifen, a commonly used breast cancer medicine, in killing cancer cells.
Tocotrienols can also affect cell homeostasis, possibly independently of their antioxidant activity.
Anti-cancer effects of α- and γ-tocotrienol have been reported, although δ-tocotrienol was verified to be the most effective tocotrienol in inducing apoptosis (cell death) in estrogen-responsive and estrogen-nonresponsive human breast cancer cells. Based on these results on cells in culture, investigators have hypothesised that a mixture of α- and γ-tocotrienols might reduce breast cancer risk.
Further studies on tocotrienol and breast cancer indicated that gamma-tocotrienol targets cancer cells by inhibiting Id1, a key cancer-promoting protein. Gamma-tocotrienol was shown to trigger cell apoptosis as well as anti-proliferation of cancer cells. This mechanism for δ- and γ-tocotrienol was also observed in separate prostate cancer and melanoma cell line studies.
In 2009, a study by scientists at the College of Pharmacy, University of Louisiana at Monroe, showed that lower level statin treatment in combination with γ-tocotrienol inhibits growth of highly malignant +SA mammary epithelial cells in culture (suggesting the possibility of avoiding myotoxicity associated with high dose statin monotherapy).
Tocotrienols and prostate cancer.
Investigation of the antiproliferative effect of tocotrienols in PC3 and LNCaP prostate cancer cells suggests that the transformation of vitamin E to carboxyethyl-hydroxychroman (CEHC) is mostly a detoxification mechanism, useful to maintain the malignant properties of prostate cancer cells. However, various research studies suggest that both δ- and γ-tocotrienol potently suppressed prostate cancer cell proliferation. In one study, the antiproliferative effects of γ-tocotrienol were found to act through multiple-signalling pathways (NF-B, EGF-R and Id family proteins). In addition, the same study demonstrated the anti-invasion and chemosensitisation effect of γ-tocotrienol against PCa cells. In another study, δ-tocotrienol was at least equally or more potent than γ-tocotrienol in prostate cancer cells, and showed that alpha-tocopherol enhanced cancer cell growth.
Tocotrienols and skin cancer.
In a 2009 study at the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The University of Hong Kong, scientists found reduction in skin cancer cells when treated with "gamma"-tocotrienol with chemotherapy drugs. For the first time, researchers recorded the anti-invasion and chemonsensitization effect of "gamma"-tocotrienol against human malignant melanoma cells. In cell line and animal studies, δ- and γ- tocotrienols have been shown to suppress the growth of melanoma.
Tocotrienols and cholesterol reduction.
The human body makes cholesterol from the liver, producing about 1g of cholesterol each day or 80% of the needed total body cholesterol. The remaining 20% comes from what we eat. Excessive cholesterol is a health risk because gradual fatty deposits clog up the arteries. This will cause blood flow to the brain, heart, kidneys and other parts of the body to become less efficient.
Cholesterol, though needed metabolically, is not essential in diet. Tocotrienols can decrease the liver's capacity to manufacture cholesterol. They do so by dialing down HMG-CoA reductase, the enzyme in the liver responsible for cholesterol synthesis.
In 1993, American scientists conducted a double-blind placebo controlled study of 50 volunteers at the Kenneth Jordan Heart Foundation and Elmhurst Medical Center. Their results suggested that tocotrienols (from palm and rice) could ease clogged arteries. Seven high cholesterol patients with narrowing arteries experienced reversal of arterial blockage of the carotid artery after consuming tocotrienols, while in two the condition worsened. This was compared to the control group, where none improved and ten worsened.
Tocotrienols, especially δ- and γ-tocotrienols, were shown to be effective nutritional agents in treating high cholesterol. In particular, they act on a specific enzyme called 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase and dial down the production of the enzyme, resulting in less cholesterol being manufactured by liver cells. . Both δ- and γ-tocotrienols degraded the enzyme, but only δ-tocotrienol was shown to block production fully. A 1996 study in chickens indicated that the presence of dietary "alpha"-tocopherol may interfere with tocotrienol's ability to lower cholesterol 
Investigation on FeAOX-6, which combines antioxidant structural features of both tocopherols and carotenoids into a single molecule, on macrophage functions involved in foam cell formation showed that both FeAOX-6 or alpha-tocotrienol induce a strong dose-dependent reduction of cholesterol and reduce cholesterol accumulation in human macrophages. The extent of the reduction found with alpha-tocotrienol was greater than that induced by FeAOX-6 and did not correlate with their respective antioxidant capacities.
Tocotrienols and diabetes.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 170 million people were affected by diabetes in the year 2002, and this number is likely to increase to 366 million by the year 2030. Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been recognized as the sole independent risk factor for the development of any cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular complications such as stroke and heart attack are increasingly causing death in diabetic patients. Alarmingly, literature statistics indicate that atherosclerosis accounts for about 8 to 10% of all diabetic deaths.
Recent studies are showing that vitamin E intake significantly reduced risk of type 2 diabetes. The relative risk (RR) of type 2 diabetes between the extreme quartiles of the intake was 0.69 (95% CI 0.51-0.94, P for trend=0.003). Intakes of "alpha"-tocopherol, "gamma"-tocopherol, "delta"-tocopherol, and "beta"-tocotrienol were inversely related to a risk of type 2 diabetes. While correlation does not imply causation, these data suggest the possibility that the development of type 2 diabetes might be modified by the intake of antioxidants in the diet.
In 2009, animal trials carried out in India and Malaysia revealed palm tocotrienols improved blood glucose, dyslipidemia and oxidative stress in diabetic rats. It is able to prevent the progression of vascular wall changes occurring in DM. Moreover, tocotrienols alone and in mixture with alpha-tocopherol had the capability to enhance lymphocyte proliferation among streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Tocotrienols as radiation countermeasures.
Following exposure to gamma radiation, hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) in the bone marrow, which are important for producing blood cells, rapidly undergo apoptosis (cell death). There are no known treatments for this acute effect of radiation. Two studies conducted by researchers at the U.S. Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute (AFRRI) found that treatment with γ-tocotrienol or δ-tocotrienol significantly enhanced survival of hematopoietic stem cells, which are essential for renewing the body's supply of blood cells.
In one study, after exposure to total-body irradiation, the number of hematopoietic progenitor cells (HPCs) in mice treated with γ-tocotrienol recovered by 90% after 7 days while HPC counts of the mice in the control group, which were treated identically except that they did not receive any form of tocotrienol, failed to recover by more than 30%, even after 13 days. In another study, two groups of mice were exposed to a large dose of gamma radiation. One day before the radiation exposure, one group of mice was injected with a massive dose (400 mg / kg) of δ-tocotrienol while the other group—the control group—was injected with the liquid delivery vehicle without any tocotrienol content. Thirty days after exposure to the radiation, 100% of the mice that had received the δ-tocotrienol injection were still alive, but only 18% of the mice in the control group, which did not receive the tocotrienol inject, were still living. In addition, testing performed not on the mice found that the mice treated with δ-tocotrienol had both higher rates of survival and regeneration of important hematopoietic progenitor cells (HPCs). In the same investigation, the researchers also assessed the survival of human hematopoietic progenitor CD34+ cells when treated "in vitro" with δ-tocotrienol either 24 hours before or 6 hours after exposure to a dose of gamma irradiation. They found that treatment with δ-tocotrienol 24 hours before irradiation significantly increased the number of human CD34+ cells surviving 3 days later. However, treatment with δ-tocotrienol that was administered 6 hours after irradiation made no significant difference in the number of human CD34+ cells surviving. The researchers found that the radio-protetive effect of δ-tocotrienol is due to δ-tocotrienol-induced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs) on human CD34+ and mice bone marrow cells. ERK activation is one component of the MAPK/ERK pathway (mitogen-activated protein kinases/extracellular signal-regulated kinases pathway), which activates DNA repair and cell growth.
A 2014 AFRRI study conducted using irradiated mice found that δ-tocotrienol administration induced higher levels of cytokines than other tocols being studied as radiation countermeasures. Most significantly, the radioprotective effects of δ-tocotrienol appear to be mediated by granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF). When irradiated mice treated with δ-tocotrienol were subsequently injected with a G-CSF neutralizing antibody, the radioprotective effects conferred by δ-tocotrienol were completely abrogated.
A 2009 study conducted at AFRRI sought to evaluate the radio-protective potential of γ-tocotrienol including how best to optimize the treatment regimen in terms of both time and dose. By conducting a series of experiments on irradiated mice, the researchers found that a dose of 200 mg/kg given by subcutaneous injection (SC) 24 hours before radiation exposure had a dose reduction factor of 1.29. Based on these successful results of studies in mice, γ-tocotrienol is being studied for its safety and efficacy as a radioprotective measure in nonhuman primates.
No-observed-adverse-effect level.
A 13-week study by H. Nakamura and colleagues at the National Institute of Health Sciences (Japan) of tocotrienols' toxicity in rats found significant changes in several blood components, increases in liver weights and (in females) reductions in ovary and uterus weights, depending on the dosages. The authors estimated the no-observed-adverse-effect level (NOAEL) to be 120 mg per kg of body weight per day for males and 130 mg per kg of body weight per day for females. Since effects on the blood components were observed in all cases with non-placebos, a no-observed-effect level (NOEL) could not be determined.

</doc>
<doc id="2891308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891308" title="Public transport accessibility level">
Public transport accessibility level

The public transport accessibility level (PTAL) is a method sometimes used in United Kingdom transport planning to assess the access level of geographical areas to public transport. 
PTAL is a simple, easily calculated approach that hinges on the distance from any point to the nearest public transport stop, and service frequency at those stops. The result is a grade from 1–6 (including sub-divisions 1a, 1b, 6a and 6b), where a PTAL of 1a indicates extremely poor access to the location by public transport, and a PTAL of 6b indicates excellent access by public transport.
Background.
The PTAL calculation was originally developed by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, and was later adopted by Transport for London as the standard method for calculation of public transport access in London. It is not commonly used outside Greater London or the south east of England.
Method.
The first stage in PTAL calculation is to calculate the walking distance from the site (known as the point of interest (POI)) to the nearest bus stops and rail stations (where rail can be taken to also include London Underground, DLR and trams). These stops and stations are known as service access points (SAPs)'. Only SAPs within a certain distance of the POI are included (640m for bus stops and 960m for rail stations, which correspond to a walking time of 8 minutes and 12 minutes respectively at the standard assumed walking speed of 80m/min).
The next stage is to determine the service level during the morning peak (defined as 0815-0915) for each route serving a SAP. Where service levels differ in each direction on a route, the highest frequency is taken. On railways, a route is generally defined as a service with a particular calling pattern – for example, services on the Piccadilly line from Hammersmith could be divided into two "routes": Cockfosters to Heathrow and Cockfosters to Uxbridge.
A total access time for each route is then calculated by adding together the walking time from the POI to the SAP and the average waiting time for services on the route (i.e. half the headway). This is converted to an equivalent doorstep frequency (EDF) by dividing 30 (minutes) by the total access time, which is intended to convert total access time to a "notional average waiting time, as though the route were available at the doorstep of the POI".
A weighting is applied to each route to simulate the enhanced reliability and attractiveness of a route with a higher frequency over other routes. For each mode (e.g. bus, Tube, DLR, tram, rail), the route with the highest frequency is given a weighting of 1.0, with all other routes in that mode weighted at 0.5.
Finally, the EDF and the weighting are multiplied to produce an accessibility index for each route, and the accessibility indices for all routes are summed to produce an overall accessibility index for the POI.
This accessibility index (AI) can then be converted to a PTAL grade (1–6) through a banding system (where AIs 0.00–5.00 are PTAL 1, 5.01–10.00 are PTAL 2, etc. up to PTAL 6 for scores of 25 and above).
Uses.
The PTAL is used as a development planning tool in London, to determine both permitted parking standards and development densities. Large site developments (those the London boroughs refer to the Greater London Authority) must follow planning guidelines that allow more parking in areas with low PTALs (i.e., poor public transport) and vice versa—and that also relate the allowed density of development to PTAL (i.e., areas with better public transport may have higher density housing or offices).
TfL also have software to calculate PTALs across wide areas using GIS and timetable data, the typical result being a map with coloured bands relating to PTAL grades.
Advantages & disadvantages.
Whilst PTAL is a simple calculation (easily performed by a spreadsheet) that offers an obvious indication of the "density" of public transport provision in an area, it suffers two key problems:
Accessibility modelling has been proposed as a solution to these problems. It uses GIS to calculate door-to-door travel times by public transport to a grid of points around the point of interest, resulting in a set of isochrone maps – journey time contours – within which the number of workplaces, households or residents can be calculated using census data. This method takes into account many more factors than PTAL, but is much more time-consuming and requires expensive software.

</doc>
<doc id="2891317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891317" title="Armenian literature">
Armenian literature

Armenian literature begins around AD 400 with the invention of the Armenian alphabet by Mesrop Mashtots.
History.
Early literature.
Armenian literature begins about 406 with the invention of the Armenian alphabet by Mesrop.
Isaac, the Catholicos of Armenia, formed a school of translators who were sent to Edessa, Athens, Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch, Caesarea in Cappadocia, and elsewhere, to procure codices both in Syriac and Greek and translate them. From Syriac were made the first version of the New Testament, the version of Eusebius' History and his Life of Constantine (unless this be from the original Greek), the homilies of Aphraates, the Acts of Gurias and Samuna, the works of Ephrem Syrus (partly published in four volumes by the Mechitharists of Venice). In these first years of the 5th century were composed some of the apocryphal works which, like the Discourses attributed to St. Gregory and the History of Armenia said to have come from Agathangelus, are asserted to be the works of these and other well-known men. This early period of Armenian literature also produced many original compositions. Eznik of Kolb wrote a "Refutation of the Sects", and Koryun the "History of the Life of St. Mesrop and of the Beginnings of Armenian Literature". These men, both of whom were disciples of Mesrop, bring to an end what may be called the golden age of Armenian literature.
Medieval era.
Armenia is known to have been a nation often occupied by nearby powers, such as the Sassanid Empire. The beginning of the Medieval era was marked by the Arab occupation of Armenia. The people then start to talk of a great hero who would be able to liberate them and reestablish Armenian sovereignty. David of Sasun, known as Sasuntsi Davit', is the medieval Armenian equivalent of Hercules. For over a thousand years the legend of David was passed from grandfathers to their grandsons thanks to the Armenian oral tradition, and it is difficult to classify his stories as ancient or medieval. In 1873, the story was first written down by Archbishop Karekin Servantzdiants, who copied word for word the tale as told by a peasant storyteller from Moush named Grbo. Other versions of the tale from various regions of Armenia were copied down in the ensuing years, and during the early Soviet era in Armenia, the stories were collated into a "united version"; a connected narrative out of dozens isolated episodes, fragments, and near-complete though differing versions of the legend. One of the most famous treatments of the story was the verse rendition made by Hovhannes Toumanian in 1902. His poem only covers the story of David, which is actually only one of 4 parts of the story, although the central portion.
The four portions of the story are named after their heroes: Sanasar & Balthazar (Sanasar yev Baghdasar), Lion-Mher (Aryudz Mher), David of Sassoun (Sassountsi Tavit), and Mher the Younger (Pokr Mher). Sanasar is the father of Lion-Mher, who is the father of David, who is the father of Mher the Younger. Mher the younger is cursed to never bear progeny and his superhuman powers are too much for the world to handle, so he is enclosed in a mountain cave where he waits until the end of the world to come out and restore order. (similar to the western legends of King Arthur or Barbarossa.)
Despite the Christian flavor of the epic, numerous fantastic creatures, good and evil, influence the action.
One of the ancestors of the legendary David is the Lady Dzovinar, who agrees to marry the 90-year-old King of Baghdad in order to save her people. Sanasar and Balthasar were their two sons. Sanasar moves to Sassoun, the fortress-town of Armenia, now located in Turkey. He has three children, the eldest of them being the Great Mher of Sassoun, with superhuman powers. Mher's veritable son is David of Sassoun. However, he also gets another son from the Arabic queen of Egypt. He is known as Misra Melik, which literally means "The sovereign of Egypt". He is probably the figure of all of what the Armenians resented; traitors, and foreign oppressors.
Throughout the years the half-brothers fought, and eventually David chops his nemesis in half.
Religious literature.
The medieval period opens with comparative sterility. It was mostly important in the 8th century, that of John Otznetzi, surnamed the "Philosopher". A "Discourse against the Paulicians", a "Synodal Discourse", and a collection of the canons of the councils and the Fathers anterior to his day, are the principal works of his now extant. About the same time appeared the translations of the works of several of the Fathers, particularly of St. Gregory of Nyssa and Cyril of Alexandria, from the pen of Stephen, Bishop of Syunik. It was two centuries later that the celebrated "History of Armenia" by the Catholicos John V the Historian came forth, covering the period from the origin of the nation to the year A.D. 925. A contemporary of his, Annine of Mok, an abbot and the most celebrated theologian of the time, composed a treatise against the Tondrakians, a sect imbued with Manicheism. The name of Chosrov, Bishop of Andzevatsentz, is honoured because of his interesting commentaries on the Breviary and Mass-Prayers. Gregory of Narek, his son, is the Armenian Pindar from whose pen came elegies, odes, panegyrics, and homilies. Stephen Asoghtk, whose "Universal History" reaches down to A.D. 1004, and Gregory Magistros, whose long poem on the Old and New Testaments displays much application, are the last writers worthy of mention in this period.
Cilician renaissance.
The modern period of Armenian literature can well be dated from the renaissance of letters among the Armenians in the 12th century. The Catholicos Nerses surnamed the Gracious, is the most brilliant author in the beginning of this period. Besides his poetic works, such as the "Elegy on the Taking of Edessa", there are prose works including a "Pastoral Letter", a "Synodal Discourse", and his "Letters". This age gave us also a commentary on St. Luke and one on the Catholic Epistles. Of note, too, is the Synodal Discourse of Nerses of Lambron, Archbishop of Tarsus, delivered at the Council of Hromcla in 1179, which is anti-Monophysite in tone. The 13th century gave birth to Vartan the Great, whose talents were those of a poet, an exegete, and a theologian, and whose "Universal History" is extensive in the field it covers. Gregory of Datev in the next century composed his "Question Book", which is a fiery polemic against the. Catholics.
Under foreign rule.
The 16th century saw Armenia in the hands of Persia, and a check was for the time put on literature. However, in scattering the Armenians to all parts of Europe; the Persian invasion had its good effects. They established printing shops in Venice and Rome, and in the following century (the seventeenth) in Lemberg, Milan, Paris, and elsewhere. Old works were republished and new ones given forth. The Mechitarists of Venice have been the leaders in this movement; but their publications, although numerous, have been often uncritical. Their brothers, the Mechitarists of Vienna, have been likewise active in this work and it is to their society that Balgy and Catergian belong, two well-known writers on Armenian topics. Russia, Constantinople and Etchmiadzin are the other centres of Armenian literary efforts and the last-named place is especially worthy of note, imbued as it is today with German scientific methods and taste. Looking back over the field of Armenian literature, we note a trait the national character displayed in the bent Armenians have had for singing the glories of their land in history and chronicles. Translations have ever been an important part of Armenian literature. Again, the standpoint is religious, and even history seems to have been written rather for its doctrines than for the facts themselves. A last feature is that the golden age came early and with the passing of centuries the Armenian writers grew fewer and fewer.
Armenian troubadours.
Divided between the Ottoman Empire and Safavid Persia, the Armenians developed the troubadour tradition. A troubadour, called աշուղ (ashough) in Armenian, would go from village to village, and town to town, and would recite his literature to the people. More successful ones, such as Sayat Nova, would participate in competitions in the courts of Georgian Kings or Armenian Meliks. They would often talk about their feelings for their women by using the popular language that was riddled with foreign influences, instead of Classical Armenian, which was obsolete outside churches and schools.
19th century and early 20th century.
Notable writers from this period include Siamanto, Hagop Baronian, Vahan Tekeyan, Levon Shant, Krikor Zohrab, Rupen Zartarian, Avetis Aharonyan, Garegin Nzhdeh, Atrpet, Gostan Zarian and Nigol Aghpalian.
The Revivalists: Armenian Romanticists.
The 19th century beheld a great literary movement that was to give rise to modern Armenian literature. This period of time during which Armenian culture flourished is known as the Revival period (Zartonk). The Revivalist authors of Constantinople and Tiflis, almost identical to the Romanticists of Europe, were interested in encouraging Armenian nationalism. Most of them adopted the newly created Eastern or Western variants of the Armenian language depending on the targeted audience, and preferred them over classical Armenian (grabar).
The veritable creator of modern Armenian literature was Khachatur Abovian (1804–1848). Abovian was the first author to abandon the classical Armenian and adopt the modern for his works, thus ensuring their diffusion. Abovian's most famed work, "The Wounds of Armenia", returns to the theme of the Armenian people's suffering under foreign domination. Abovian dedicated his life to writing and educating others on the subject of Armenia and her people. Mikael Nalbandian's poem "Song of the Italian Girl" may have been the inspiration for the Armenian national anthem, Mer Hayrenik. Raffi (Hakop Melik-Hakopian) was the grand romanticist of Armenian literature. In his works, Raffi revived the grandeur of Armenia's historic past. In the story "Gaizer", the heroes fight for the liberation of their people. This theme of oppression under foreign rule is also evident in the works "Djelaledin" and "Khente".
The Revivalist period ended in 1885-1890, when the Armenian people was passing tumultuous times. Notable events were the Berlin Treaty of 1878, the independence of Balkan nations such as Bulgaria, and of course, the Hamidian massacres of 1895-1896.
Armenian Realists.
Newspapers
Some specialists claim that the Armenian Realist authors appeared when the "Arevelk" (Orient) newspaper was founded (1884). Writers such as Arpiar Arpiarian, Levon Pashalian, Krikor Zohrab, Melkon Gurjian, Dikran Gamsarian, and others revolved around the said newspaper. The other important newspaper at that time was the "Hayrenik" (Fatherland) newspaper, which becomes very populist, encourages criticism, etc.
Despite these facts, Armenians weren't allowed to use words like Armenia, nation, fatherland, liberty, and progress in their newspapers and other written productions.
Realist ideology
After 1885, Armenian authors were interested in depicting a realistic representation of life, along with all of its nudities. However, there are some authors that have kept some romantic influences, although most of them didn't.
Under Soviet rule.
The literary tradition of Khachatur Abovian, Mikael Nalbandian and Raffi was continued. This revival of tradition was carried out by such writers and poets as Hovhannes Tumanyan, Yeghishe Charents and the like. This revival took place under the Communist system, much restricting the freedom of expression of the writers. In the late 1960s, under Leonid Brezhnev, a new generation of Armenian writers emerged. As Armenian history of the 1920s and of the Genocide came to be more openly discussed, writers like Paruyr Sevak, Gevork Emin, Silva Kaputikyan and Hovhannes Shiraz began a new era of literature.

</doc>
<doc id="2891319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891319" title="Killington Ski Resort">
Killington Ski Resort

Killington Mountain Resort & Ski Area is a ski resort near Killington, Vermont. It is the largest ski area in the Eastern United States, and has the largest vertical drop in New England at 3,050 feet. 
History.
In 1954, Perry H. Merrill, the Father of Vermont's State Parks and Alpine Ski Areas and Vermont State land lease officer, wanted to see a ski resort developed on Killington Peak, the second highest mountain in Vermont. Preston Lee Smith agreed to work with him to develop this area. Killington opened December 13, 1958.
In the 1960s the resort continued to expand at a pace "well above industry standards." Many new trails were created and Smith had beginner trails accessible from every lift. In the 1960s, Killington installed snowmaking equipment, which had been invented in the 1950s, but was considered a banana belt luxury. Several low-snow seasons proved their value.
Killington introduced the ticket wicket in 1963 to prevent skiers sharing lift tickets, while also not damaging ski clothing.
In late August 2011, the Killington area was damaged by Tropical Storm Irene. Irene caused flooding and damage along US Route 4, the road leading into Killington. The resort was damaged by excess runoff from Roaring Brook, which lifted the Superstar Pub off of its foundation, condemning the structure. Killington has since repaired damaged infrastructure, and is operating at full or near-full potential.
Ownership.
Powdr has announced that it will stop honoring "lifetime" lift passes issued by the previous owners after two years. A class action lawsuit was filed on behalf of about 800 pass holders.
Skiing Killington.
Located in central Vermont, Killington has 141 trails and 21 lifts, extending across six interconnected mountain peaks. A seventh peak, Pico Mountain, was purchased by Killington in 1996, but operates as a separate resort. There have been proposals to connect Killington and Pico with a series of lifts and trails since 1998, but no plans have been finalized.
The main peak, Killington Peak (), is the second highest in Vermont and has the second greatest vertical drop in the east () after Whiteface Mountain in Wilmington, New York (at ).
The mountains that make up the Killington resort separate the town of Killington (with its access road) from the city of Rutland, Vermont.
Trails.
The resort offers trails ranging from beginner to expert. Trails include "Outer Limits" a double black diamond mogul trail. The longest trail in the eastern U.S. is the 6.2-mile (9.9 km) beginner run, "Juggernaut". Part of the mountain is set aside for terrain parks, with five snowboard and alpine parks. Killington has a teaching area for first-time skiers, the "Accelerated Learning Area".
Killington has one of the east's largest half-pipes located at Bear Mountain for a portion of each winter season. There are boarder cross terrain and at least three to five major trails with ramps and jumps.
Mountains.
Pico Mountain.
Pico Mountain is located on a separate mountain, Pico Peak, several miles away from the main resort. It has 50 trails covering , all serviced by 6 lifts. Runs include The Pike, 49er, Summit Glades, Upper KA, Giant Killer, and Sunset 71. There are hotels, condos and restaurants at the base. The mountain is accessible from the main base by car or bus. 
Pico was once an independent ski resort called Pico Peak, and was bought out of bankruptcy by Killington in the mid-1990s. Lift tickets at Killington are valid at Pico. There have been plans to connect Pico to the main Killington resort since it was purchased. Connector trails have been cut.
Snow and season length.
Killington averages of natural snow each winter. That, coupled with a snowmaking system that covers 71% of the trails, has allowed Killington to offer what is often the longest skiing season in eastern North America, typically lasting from October to May. Killington had a reputation for being the first ski area every season in the Eastern United States to open, as well as the last to close, although in recent years the length of the season has begun to shorten. For example, in the 15 years between 1986 and 2001, the resort opened in October in every year but one, and never closed earlier than May 21. But in the five years ending in 2011, opening day has always been in November, and closing day has never made it past May 6.
Mountain statistics.
The base elevation is 1,165 (325 m). The vertical drop is 3050 feet (930 m). The peaks' summit elevations are as follows:
Summer.
Killington has of hiking and mountain biking trails. Killington Peak has a gondola lift. There is an 18-hole golf course. At Pico, there are alpine slides, mini golf, wall climbing, and horseback riding. Killington also has lift accessed mountain biking in the summer with technical trail features, jumps, and other obstacles.

</doc>
<doc id="2891327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891327" title="Time Warner Cable Internet">
Time Warner Cable Internet

Time Warner Cable Internet is a US Internet service provider (ISP) which provides cable Internet service over DOCSIS-compatible modems. A division of Time Warner Cable, it also contracts its service to other cable providers, often in competition with ISPs owned by local telephone companies. Time Warner Cable Internet was previously known as Road Runner High Speed Online.
History.
Time Warner Cable first launched what would become Road Runner with a 1995 market test in Elmira, NY, under the banner "Southern Tier On-Line Community". Later it became known as "LineRunner" (a moniker subsequently employed by VoIP service), before Time Warner Cable adopted the Road Runner brand name.
Road Runner High Speed Online employed the Road Runner character from the "Road Runner/Wile E. Coyote" cartoons as its mascot and brand name. However, in 2012, it was rebranded as simply Time Warner Cable Internet, dropping the Road Runner branding which Time Warner Cable had to license from the now-unaffiliated Warner Bros.
Tier service.
With the completion of DOCSIS 3.0 rollout in 2012, Time Warner Cable Internet has standardized the Internet tiered service data rates across most of its franchises, although some minor regional variations might still exist. The maximum advertised speeds for these services are:
The Lite tier was intended as a low-cost, low-speed (1 Mbit/s or less) cable internet alternative to dial-up internet service. The Lite tier was retired from Time Warner's internet lineup for a time, but in the summer of 2013 it returned to Time Warner's internet offerings. In late 2013, it was upgraded from 1.0 Mbit/s download to 2.0 Mbit/s and rebranded as Everyday Low Price.
The Standard service tier is Time Warner Cable's base package. At 3.0 Mbit/s download, it was the only speed offered when the Road Runner service was created. It was upgraded to 5.0 Mbit/s in 2004, 7.0 Mbit/s in 2009, 10.0 Mbit/s in 2011, and 15.0 Mbit/s in 2012. The pricing for the Standard service started at $39.99/month, and gradually increased to $57.99/month as of 2014, although promotional and bundle pricing are available.
Premium was Road Runner's first foray into faster tiered service levels, introduced in 2005. It offered 8.0 Mbit/s download speeds, compared to the Standard speed of 5.0 Mbit/s. The Premium tier was later renamed to Turbo, and the speeds it offered increased, as the Standard speeds increased. Turbo was also the first service tier to receive the PowerBoost technology. Turbo Plus was a previously offered tier that was at a faster speed tier than Turbo, but slower than the future DOCSIS 3.0-based tiers. As Extreme and Ultimate tiers became available, Turbo Plus was dropped.
The Extreme and Ultimate service tier offerings were created in 2009 at 30 Mbit/s and 50 Mbit/s download, respectively, and gradually became available in all markets over several years as Time Warner Cable rolled out DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades nationwide. In late 2013, the Ultimate tier was extended to include Ultimate 75 and Ultimate 100.
Time Warner Cable Maxx.
On February 20, 2014, new speeds were announced as part of its Maxx initiative in Austin, Los Angeles, and New York City, and may eventually roll-out nationwide. 
PowerBoost.
PowerBoost was a technology that allowed Road Runner customers to temporarily experience download speeds significantly faster than their current speed at no extra cost. PowerBoost was launched in New York City in 2008, and eventually was rolled out nationwide. PowerBoost was first included only with Turbo service, but eventually was extended to Standard service also in 2009. As of 2012, Time Warner Cable Internet's service offerings no longer make any mention of PowerBoost, though it may still be available with some service tiers on a regional basis. Time Warner Cable does not support PowerBoost on DOCSIS 3.0.
As of August 7, 2013, Time Warner appears to have discontinued the PowerBoost feature as it upgrades more customers to DOCSIS 3.0 cable modems. To compensate for the reduction in average Internet speeds caused by the abandonment of PowerBoost, Time Warner has increased Internet speeds across the Standard or higher tiers of service by 10%, though it has yet to advertise these speed increases officially.
Modem Rental.
Time Warner Cable Internet previously provided the cable modem and modem maintenance for free to its subscribers as part of their service. Beginning in late 2012, they began charging a modem rental fee of $3.95/month for this service. Alternatively, subscribers can buy their own approved modem, but Time Warner Cable will no longer troubleshoot or replace those modems.
In August 2013, Time Warner raised the modem rental fee over 50% to $5.99/month.
Bandwidth caps.
Despite raising prices of its Internet service within the previous year, Time Warner Cable announced in February 2009 that it would expand its bandwidth caps and overage fees into four additional markets by the end of the year.
On April 1, 2009, the cities to have metered billing were announced. In addition to Beaumont, Texas, the cities would be Rochester, NY,
Austin and San Antonio, TX and
Greensboro, NC.
These metered based billing plans were canceled according to Time Warner "due to customer misunderstanding"
Caps would range from 5 GB to 100GB with no unlimited option. The bandwidth will include downloads and uploads. If a user goes over, they will be charged $1 per additional gigabyte. Time Warner Cable announced they would provide a meter for users to monitor their usage. The new plan was set to begin in the summer of 2009, however due to protests they had decided against the bandwidth caps. Currently, users have unlimited bandwidth usage given that it does not exceed the predetermined data service maximum as given in the "master agreement". Time Warner would have offered unlimited data for $150/month had the plan continued.
CEO Glenn Britt justified the new billing plans, claiming the infrastructures had to be continuously upgraded and users would pay for how much they use.
Facebook groups have been created in protest in addition to an online petition and a Web site dedicated to stop the movement. Other Web sites have been recently following the Time Warner cap plans that were already following broadband Internet providers metering and capping plans,
U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer and Congressman Eric Massa, both of whom represent portions of the Rochester, New York market that would be affected by the changes, announced their opposition to the plan and even went as far as to threaten legislation to ban such a scheme. On April 16, 2009, Time Warner abandoned the plan.
Road Runner Mobile.
In late 2009, Time Warner Cable began reselling Clearwire Mobile WiMax service as Road Runner Mobile, including in bundles with the company's existing broadband, TV and VoIP services. In October 2009, the company indicated that they'd be launching their incarnation of the service starting December 1 in Raleigh, Durham, Cary, Chapel Hill, Charlotte and Greensboro, and later, Dallas, San Antonio, Austin, Honolulu, and Maui. Pricing for the "up to 6 Mbit/s" service ranged from $39.95 a month to $79.95 a month depending on the chosen bundling options, and came in three flavors:
Road Runner Mobile 4G National Elite: gave customers unlimited access to both Time Warner Cable's 4G Mobile Network and Sprint's 3G EVDO network for $79.95 if the customer was a Roadrunner Standard or Turbo customer.
Road Runner Mobile 4G Elite: gave customers unlimited access to the Time Warner Cable 4G Mobile Network for $49.95 if already a Roadrunner Standard or Turbo customer.
Road Runner Mobile 4G Choice: gave customers access to the Time Warner Cable 4G Mobile Network for $39.95 if the customer was already bundling at least two Time Warner Cable services. The tier also capped usage at 250 MB per month.
Users received additional discounts if they were triple play customers.
As of late 2011, Time Warner Cable stopped signing up new Road Runner Mobile customers under resold Clearwire WiMax service. Existing WiMax customers could continue to use the service, but TWC began signing up new Road Runner Mobile customers under resold Verizon Wireless 4G LTE services.
As of late 2012, however, all mention of Time Warner Cable-branded mobile broadband services have been removed from Time Warner Cable's website and most regional franchises. TWC appears to have exited the mobile broadband market.
Companies offering Road Runner.
MediaOne was formerly the largest of Time Warner's Road Runner partners, leaving the agreement when taken over by AT&T Broadband (subsequently absorbed by Comcast).

</doc>
<doc id="2891331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891331" title="Avoca Handweavers">
Avoca Handweavers

Avoca Handweavers is a clothing manufacturing, retail and food business in Ireland. Started in Avoca, County Wicklow, it is the oldest working woollen mill in Ireland and one of the world's oldest manufacturing companies. It is also Ireland's oldest surviving business.
The mill on the banks of the fast-flowing River Avoca survives from at least 1723. Travel to and from the remote village was difficult and a barter system was used. The mill was used for grinding corn for bread and spinning and weaving wool.
In 1760 a Fly Shuttle Loom, capable of weaving up to 20 metres of cloth a day arrived. Workers, concerned about possible unemployment, resorted to burning some looms. 
Three sisters, the Wynnes, inherited the mill in the 1920s and introduced colour. Avoca Handweavers tweeds was produced and exported, including for use by Paris designer Elsa Schiaparelli. The material was also used for a waistcoat for King George VI and baby blankets for the children of Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1974, Donald Pratt, a solicitor engaged to handle the sale of the mill which now faced closure decided to buy it himself. Along with his wife, Hilary, a teacher, he set about getting Avoca Handweavers back on its feet. The Pratts began exporting handwoven rugs and throws to the UK and other countries. Avoca throws are still sold across the globe.
Managed now by two generations of the Pratt family, Avoca continues to develop with several large retail outlets around Ireland and in Belfast. Many of these also have popular foodhalls & cafes attached as their food operations expand. The Avoca Cafe Cookbooks have proven to be popular bestsellers.
The company has a number of women's clothing ranges which it sells through its own stores designed by Amanda Pratt, as well as wholesaling in Ireland and internationally. The best known of these is Avoca Anthology.
Avoca is also strongly associated with gardens and has several very rare trees in its Kilmacanogue grounds and one of Ireland's most famous gardens at Mount Usher in Ashford, County Wicklow. Now mostly known simply as Avoca, the company employs over 600 people.

</doc>
<doc id="2891338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891338" title="Bayo Ojikutu">
Bayo Ojikutu

Bayo Ojikutu (born 1971) is an U.S.-based writer of Nigerian heritage. 
His first novel, "47th Street Black" (Random House/Crown, 2003), received both the Washington Prize for Fiction and the Great American Book Award. Ojikutu's short fiction has appeared widely, including within the pages of the 2005 Akashic Press anthology "Chicago Noir" and in William Morrow's 2012 anthology commemorating the legacy of Ray Bradbury, "Shadow Show". Ojikutu's short story "Yayi and Those Who Walk on Water: A Fable" received a nomination from the Pushcart Prize provision for outstanding fiction published in small literary presses in 2009. By then, Three Rivers Press had released his second novel, "Free Burning" (2006), to considerable critical acclaim. 
Ojikutu has taught creative writing with DePaul and at the University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="2891354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891354" title="Rick Middleton">
Rick Middleton

Richard David "Nifty" Middleton (born December 4, 1953) is a former professional ice hockey player for the New York Rangers and Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League.
Playing career.
A right winger, Middleton was drafted in the 1st round, 14th overall, by the Rangers in the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft after a glittering junior career with the Oshawa Generals in which he led his league in scoring his final year and was named to the league's Second All-Star Team. He spent the 1973–74 season with the Rangers' farm team, the AHL Providence Reds, earning rookie of the year honors and being named to the AHL's First All-Star Team.
He made the big club during the 1974–75 season, and despite suffering injuries that restricted him to 47 games, scored 22 goals in that limited time. The following season was not as spectacular, as he scored 24 goals in 77 games while showing defensive deficiencies. Following the 1975–76 season, the Rangers traded Middleton to the Boston Bruins for veteran winger Ken Hodge.
It was one of the most one-sided deals in hockey history. Hodge played only a single season more before his career ended, while Middleton became a great star in Boston, scoring a hat trick in his first game as a Bruin and nearly nine hundred points in a Bruins uniform over the next twelve years. Generally paired with centre Barry Pederson, Middleton had five straight seasons of at least forty goals and ninety points and led the Bruins to perennial glittering records. His leadership was apparent in being named co-captain (with Ray Bourque) to succeed Terry O'Reilly in 1985, a position he held until he retired, wearing the "C" during home games.
His best season was the 1981–82 season, during which Middleton scored a career high 51 goals, won the Lady Byng Trophy for excellence and sportsmanship, and was named to the NHL's Second All-Star Team. The following season he led the Bruins to the league's best regular season record, and set still unbroken records that year for the most points scored in the playoffs by a player not advancing to the finals (33) and for a single playoff series (19, in the quarterfinals against Buffalo). His 105 points in the 1983–84 season tied Ken Hodge's team record for most points scored in a season by a right winger, and remains unbroken.
Middleton also starred in international play, being named to play for Team Canada in the Canada Cup in 1981 and 1984. Teamed on a line with Wayne Gretzky and Michel Goulet in the 1984 series, he scored four goals and four assists in seven games. Further, Middleton played in the NHL All-Star Game in 1981, 1982 and 1984.
Retirement.
In the 1986 season, Middleton was struck by a puck on the temple in practice, and missed the remainder of the season and playoffs with a concussion. Although he wore a helmet thereafter and recovered enough to score 31 goals the following year, he had recurring headaches for the rest of his career, and retired following the 1988 season. 
He retired with 448 goals and 540 assists for 988 points in 1005 games, and added 100 points in 114 playoff games.
He is currently the President of Boston Bruins Alumni and a partner in Orlanda Energy Systems. Rick recently joined forces with New England High School Sports Showcases and will run high school hockey showcases beginning in June 2014.
NESN.
Middleton was a studio analyst for New England Sports Network (NESN) which covers the Boston Bruins from 2002–2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2891359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891359" title="Aaron Sperske">
Aaron Sperske

Aaron Sperske is an American drummer, who has played in several bands, including Beachwood Sparks, Father John Misty, Lilys, The Miracle Workers, Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti, and The Pernice Brothers. He also played drums on the Elliott Smith song "Coast to Coast" which was featured on the "From a Basement on the Hill" album.
He was formerly married to photographer Autumn de Wilde. Footage of their wedding can be seen in the music video By Your Side by Beachwood Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="2891361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891361" title="2005 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay">
2005 World Championships in Athletics – Women's 4 × 100 metres relay

The 4 x 100 metre relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics was held at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium on August 13 and August 14.
Qualifying.
From the initial two heats the first three teams in each plus two fastest losers progressed through to the final.
All times shown are in seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="2891369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891369" title="Friedrich Hauser">
Friedrich Hauser

Friedrich Hauser (Stuttgart 1859–Baden-Baden, 1917) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian. His most famous single publication is "Die Neuattischen Reliefs" (Stuttgart: Verlag von Konrad Wittwer, 1889) in which he identified a style-category he called "Neo-Attic" among sculpture that was being produced in later Hellenistic circles during the last century or so BCE and in early Imperial Rome; the corpus that Hauser called "Neo-Attic" consists of bas-reliefs molded on decorative vessels and plaques, employing a figural and drapery style that looked for its canon of "classic" models to late 5th and early 4th century Athens and Attica, an early form of Neoclassicism.
John Beazley, who established the technique of identifying the artistic personalities of individuals and workshops in Attic vase-painting, to construct a history of workshops and artists in ancient Athens— much as Giovanni Morelli had recently done for the artists of the "quattrocento"—considered Hauser and the other German scholars Adolf Furtwängler, who had applied Morellian techniques to Ancient Greek sculpture, and Paul Hartwig among his mentors, though Beazley's method did not simply follow theirs.

</doc>
<doc id="2891370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891370" title="Sway (rapper)">
Sway (rapper)

Derek Andrew Safo (born 5 September 1982), better known by his stage names Sway DaSafo or Sway is an English artist of Akan descent. He is signed to Akon's Konvict Muzik record label and is also a producer, having established DCypha Productions.
Biography.
Childhood.
Sway was born in London to Ghanaian Akan parents. Sway attended Campsbourne Primary School where he first began experimenting with music and rewriting the lyrics to tracks by his favourite artists. He attended Highgate Wood Secondary School in North London and spent his spare time using the school equipment for musical production. Producing tracks for local artists, he was told to use his personality to write songs by adding his humour with his lyrical talent. Sway is a cousin of footballer Quincy Owusu-Abeyie, and grime MC Lethal Bizzle.
Early career.
At the age of 16, Sway had a place in the grand final of an open mic session at Dingwalls in London. He lost to Chester P of Task Force. It was at this age that Sway was a member of Tottenham-based hip hop trio Phynix Crew. Following his defeat at Dingwalls, Sway got into the finals of Choice FM's "Rapology '99" with his rap group where they lost. Phynix Crew merged with two other rap groups to form One. Sway was now studying at college, as well as having a part-time job and producing ringtones for a company. Sway began to create a studio in his bedroom with the money he earned so that he could start to produce his own songs.
Sway produced many solo singles despite being in a rap group and his first break was under the name "Sway DaSafo" on the track "On My Own", which reached the A-list of BBC Radio 1Xtra when the station was launched. He continued to produce music. When One released their first album, called "Onederful World", 50% of the 10-track CD was produced by Sway. A member of the "MOBO Unsung" committee enjoyed it and nominated it for the "MOBO Unsung" competition, which resulted in the group reaching the final five of the competition. They did not win, however, DJ Tim Westwood of BBC Radio 1 and DJ Semtex of BBC Radio 1Xtra began giving them airplay.
Dcypha.
In 2004 after finding himself in business and recording situations he describes as "bait" and foreseeing the attitude of labels towards rappers due to the actions of other acts such as So Solid Crew, he established Dcypha Productions along with DJ Turkish and Junior Dcypha to record, promote and release their own music, a move which they would make in order to steer Sway's career the way they had envisioned and give them full autonomy in decision making. As Sway describes in an interview: "...me and the team decide my singles, what sort of marketing tactics to use etc etc, it's all done in-house".
Since 2004, Dcypha Productions have been known to have either signed or been affiliated with underground acts such as Britizen Kane, Klayz, Bigz, Baby Blue, Chiefer and Raptor.
Debut.
In 2003, Sway started to pursue a solo career in the British music scene. He was invited by his cousin, DJ Ink, to feature on some of his drum and bass tracks and he became a member of the group Fifth Element. In 2004, Sway established DCypha Productions along with Junior Dcypha (brother of long-time friend Chiefer who also features on "one for the journey EP" on "move back" and is also an actor) and Dj Turkish to enable him to release his mixtapes and debut solo album, "This Is My Demo". At DCypha, Sway produces his beats and songs alongside his long-time friend Bigz.
Sway launched his solo career upon the disbanding of his group One by releasing two independent mixtapes, called "This Is My Promo" Volumes 1 and 2. They were underground successes, and his debut album "This Is My Demo" was released on 6 February 2006. Its second single, "Little Derek", headed in at #38 on the UK national charts. Remixes are also available featuring Baby Blue. His song "Hype Boys" is used in the video game "", and the song "Flo Fashion" is used in the video game "FIFA Street 2". To coincide with the release of his debut album, Sway released a collaboration mixtape with LoveDough to promote LoveDough's club event at the Ikon nightclub in Newcastle upon Tyne. The compilation mixtape, called "This Is My Rave", featured Pyrelli and Bigz, amongst other UK hip hop and R&B artists.
His debut has become controversial amongst UK hip hop artists due to his criticism of many modern rap artists "overhyping" themselves and glorifying themselves using elements from gang culture and street violence to make themselves seem 'harder' than they are and thus sell records to people who are potentially ignorant of the true roots of hip hop. He also argued against the use of nigga in hip hop and R&B songs on an appearance on Sky News.
Sway was the main support act for The Streets' UK tour, which began in Manchester on 27 April 2006, and ended in Leeds on 12 May 2006. He has also been performing solo around Europe to promote "This is My Demo". He created a song in 2005 dedicated to his profile on MySpace. He also appeared on The Mitchell Brothers' single "Harvey Nicks" alongside The Streets' Mike Skinner.
Second album.
Following the release and critical acclaim of his debut album, Sway started recording his second album which he had been planning from the "This Is My Promo" mixtape series. In the run up to the album's release, Sway featured on numerous songs and signed to Akon's Konvict Muzik record label in 2007. Sway released the "One for the Journey" EP on 14 May 2007 on his DCypha Productions label which featured an appearance from Chamillionaire on a Part 2 version of "Up Your Speed". Following this, Sway released two mixtapes: "The Dotted Lines" and "The Signature mixtape". "The Dotted Lines" mixtape was released in early 2008 and announced the recording of his second album. It was released to coincide with the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations, which was hosted in Ghana and to which the song "Black Stars", a remix of "Black Boys" by Bashy, is dedicated. The mixtape featured an interview with Sway Calloway of Sway & King Tech where Calloway argues that Sway DaSafo should not use the name Sway as it affects his reputation. It was announced on the mixtape that his second album "The Signature LP" would be released on 5 May 2008, however it was pushed back to 6 October 2008. The album included the song "F UR X" featuring $tush which was included on "The Dotted Lines" mixtape. Due to its success, it was decided that a music video should be produced and that it should be included on the new album. To coincide with the release of the album, Sway put up "The Signature mixtape" for download on his website.
During the recording of his second album, Sway diversified into other musical genres by featuring on songs with other British artists. In 2007, Sway collaborated with Madness to produce the song "Sorry" which also featured Baby Blue. This collaboration with the ska band was sparked by lead singer Suggs who read an interview with Sway in which he credits Madness as being an influence in his music career. Sway also produced a remix to Ian Brown's "Illegal Attacks" in 2007 and the remix was released along with the song on 17 September 2007. Maintaining an influence in the UK rock and indie rock scene, Sway featured on the remix of Mr Hudson & The Library's "Ask The DJ", which was released in 2006. A more recent collaboration is that with Kaiser Chiefs on the song "Half the Truth" off their album "Off with Their Heads", released on 20 October 2008. Sway also diversified into the dance music scene with his collaboration with Stanton Warriors on the track "Get 'Em High", which was featured on the "One for the Journey" EP. He also featured as the sole vocalist on "The Way We Go" which was produced by Jukey in May 2008. Nevertheless, Sway continued to work on hip hop collaborations such as his feature on "Chatterbox", produced by DJ Yoda and released on "The Amazing Adventures of DJ Yoda" in October 2006.
"F UR X" was included on the soundtrack to the UK film "Adulthood" prior to the release of "The Signature LP". The first single to be released from the album was "Saturday Night Hustle" featuring Lemar, which was poorly accepted and peaked at number 67 in the UK charts. The next single to be released from the album is "Silver and Gold" featuring Akon. On the week beginning 2 February 2009, "Silver & Gold" peaked at number 75 without any promotion.
In 2007, Sway offered his support to a development project in Sierra Leone, which he visited with Dawn Angeliqué Richard and Samata Angel.
2009/2010.
In early 2009, it was announced that production of Sway's third studio album, "The Signature LP 2", had started. He has revealed that he is working with acts such as Craig David, Neutrino, Jay Sean and former Liverpool football player Ryan Babel.
On television, he played himself in the episode "Video Killed the Radio Star" of the TV series "FM" during which he performed "Say It Twice" (produced by Dj Turkish), which was aired during March 2009. In May 2009, Sway performed "The Phatso Dance" with Soccer AM's Tubes, and a cameo from Chris Kamara - it is unclear whether this will be released as a single. The song involved "Kammy" rapping "unbelieveable" every couple of seconds late on.
On 26 March 2009, Sway collaborated with Two Fingers to release an album named Two Fingers. Sway was the main lyricist on the album featuring on 7 of the twelve tracks and helping out with production.
On 26 June 2009, the day after Michael Jackson's death, BBC Radio 1 in the UK played a Michael Jackson tribute song called "The King. Full Stop". The song featured a stripped down arrangement with only Sway's vocal and an acoustic guitar. No plans have been announced to release the song as a single or to include this song on his forthcoming album. BBC Radio 1Xtra premièred a new track by UK rap artist Britizen Kane entitled "Feel Like A King" which featured Sway on 24 July 2009.
Sway also worked on track for DJ Semtex entitled "Nelson Lives" to coincide with the anniversary of Mandela's release from prison. Other free internet songs by Sway that have been released during 2009 include a remix to Jay-Z's ""Run This Town"", "Jerusalem" which was unveiled under the name of MC Nobody as well as "Blackberry Man" which may be featured on the upcoming "The Signature LP 2". The first single off the album, ""Mercedes-Benz"", was released on 19 October 2009.
Sway announced on 2 August 2009 on "Westwood Rap Show" on BBC 1Xtra that after "The Signature 2" he will be working on his first worldwide release, "Signed Sealed Delivered" on Akon's Konvict label. No other information is available at present.
In 2011 Sway worked with drum & bass\electronic producers the Wideboys, Sway provided vocals for the song Shopaholic along with rapper McLean.
"The Delivery Mixtape".
In December 2009, Sway announced that he was working on a new mixtape, and unveiling two tracks in the process: "Payback" and "The Watcher". Sway then released a download-only single on iTunes named "Everyday Valentine" to coincide with Valentine's Day in 2010. He offered those who were able to provide evidence for purchasing the single the opportunity to receive his mixtape prior to its release for free. The mixtape was due to be released on 14 February 2010, however this was pushed back due to continued work by Akon on the final song. The mixtape was released on 26 February 2010 from his website, to the public for free. It features appearances from Akon, Styles P, Kardinal Offishall, Giggs, Bigz and Mr Hudson. The mixtape obtained over 10,000 downloads in 10 days and was reviewed by British newspaper "Metro" who picked up on Sway's ""trademark sharp humour and quirky observations"" going on to say that Sway ""will reign over British rap sooner rather than later.""
"The Delivery 2".
On 20 October 2010 Sway dropped his new Mixtape 'The Delivery 2' The sequel to the Delivery Mixtape and the prequel to his new Album 'The Deliverance' expected sometime in 2011. The first track to be dropped from the mixtape prior to its release was 'Bring Me' featuring young Dcypha member Klayz. It featured a competition to put a verse on the remix or meet Sway. It received airtime on both BBC Radio 1Xtra and BBC Radio 1. Then just a few days before release Sway leaked the track 'Whose Line is It Anyway?' It featured Sway spitting bars from other Hip Hop tracks leaving the last lines blank. It was regarded as very clever and Witty. The Mixtape features mostly other UK Artists with Sway saving his American contacts for his new album. Other people who feature on the mixtape are Monica, Leo LeVox, Raptor, Simon Webbe, Big Bad Benny-Demus, Rock City, Akon, & T-Pain. It also features one of Sway's spin off Characters Jason Waste who original featured in Sway's second album "The Signature LP".
"The Deliverance".
On 4 December 2011, Sway released the single "Still Speedin'". It peaked at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart. On 8 April 2012, the next single "Level Up" featuring Kelsey was released. It was produced by Flux Pavilion and peaked at number 8 in the UK Singles Chart. The third single, "Charge" featuring Mr. Hudson, was released on 2 December 2012. Sway is due to support Example on his UK tour in February 2013. The video for Sway's next single "Still Sway and Kane" (featuring Kano and Tigger Da Author), a remix of "Still DRE" by Dr Dre, was released in late January 2013. Sway himself has since stated that the album will finally get its much anticipated release in September 2013. On 20 October, 2013, he released the "Wake Up" extended play which features four original tracks and two alternative mixes. On the same day, the music video for the EP's single "No Sleep", which features KSI (Olajide Olatunji), Tigger Da Author and Tubes, was released on KSI's YouTube channel.
Awards.
His reputation rose from underground to mainstream after coming into the public eye by winning a MOBO award in September 2005 for Best Hip Hop Act, defeating heavyweight hip hop artists 50 Cent and The Game to collect the award. He was also nominated for the second year running in the Best Hip Hop category and Best UK Male for the MOBO awards held at the end of September 2006 and in September 2008 for Best UK Male.
In July 2006, Sway's album "This Is My Demo" was nominated for the 2006 Mercury Music Prize but the award was won by the Arctic Monkeys at the ceremony on 6 September.
In 2008, Sway was nominated for two awards at the Urban Music Awards.
In November 2006, Sway won a BET Hip-Hop Award for "Best UK Hip-Hop Act", beating Blak Twang, Plan B, Dizzee Rascal and Kano. By being nominated and winning the BET for "BEST UK Hip-Hop Act", Sway appeared in a video showing himself in a cipher with Saigon, Remy Ma, and Rhymefest freestyling on a rooftop in New York. The freestyle was featured on "The Dotted Lines" mixtape.

</doc>
<doc id="2891375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891375" title="Y chromosome microdeletion">
Y chromosome microdeletion

Y chromosome microdeletion "(YCM)" is a family of genetic disorders caused by missing gene(s) in the Y chromosome. Many men with YCM exhibit no symptoms and lead normal lives. However, YCM is also known to be present in a significant number of men with reduced fertility. Men with reduced sperm production (in up to 20% of men with reduced sperm count, some form of YCM has been detected) varies from oligozoospermia, significant lack of sperm, or azoospermia, complete lack of sperm.
Cause.
The mechanism of mutation is not different for Y-chromosome microdeletion. However, the ability to repair it differs from other chromosomes. The human Y chromosome is passed directly from father to son, and is not protected against accumulating copying errors, whereas other chromosomes are error corrected by recombining genetic information from mother and father. This may leave natural selection as the primary repair mechanism for the Y chromosome.
Diagnosis.
Y chromosome microdeletion is currently diagnosed by extracting DNA from leukocytes in a man's blood sample, mixing it with some of the about 300 known genetic markers for sequence-tagged sites (STS) on the Y chromosome, and then using polymerase chain reaction amplification and gel electrophoresis in order to test whether the DNA sequence corresponding to the selected markers is present in the DNA.
Such procedures can test only the integrity of a tiny part of the overall 23 million base pair long Y chromosome, therefore the sensitivity of such tests depends on the choice and number of markers used. Present diagnostic techniques can only discover certain types of deletions and mutations on a chromosome and give therefore no complete picture of genetic causes of infertility. They can only demonstrate the presence of some defects, but not the absence of any possible genetic defect on the chromosome.
The gold standard test for genetic mutation, namely complete DNA sequencing of a patient's Y chromosome, is still far too expensive for use in epidemiologic research or even clinical diagnostics.
Infertility.
Microdeletions in the Y chromosome have been found at a much higher rate in infertile men than in fertile controls and the correlation found may still go up as improved genetic testing techniques for the Y chromosome are developed.
Much study has been focused upon the "azoospermia factor locus" (AZF), at Yq11. A specific partial deletion of AZFc called "gr/gr deletion" is significantly associated with male infertility among Caucasians in Europe and the Western Pacific region.
Additional genes associated with spermatogenesis in men and reduced fertility upon Y chromosome deletions include RBM, DAZ, SPGY, and TSPY.

</doc>
<doc id="2891377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891377" title="Horagai">
Horagai

' (or ' ) are large conch shells that have been used as trumpets in Japan for many centuries. The instrument, which has served a number of purposes throughout Japanese history, has been given a number of Japanese names depending on its function. Special schools still teach students to play the traditional music associated with the conch.
Instrument.
Unlike most shell trumpets from other parts of the world which produce only one pitch, the Japanese "hora" or "horagai" can produce three or five different notes. The different pitches are achieved using a bronze or wooden mouthpiece attached to the apex of the shell's spire. At freezing temperatures (often encountered in the mountainous regions of Japan) the lips may freeze to the metal surface, so wooden or bamboo mouthpieces are used.
Historical usage.
Religion.
The conch is used by Buddhist monks for religious purposes. Its use goes back at least 1,000 years, and it is still used today for some rituals, such as the "omizutori" (water drawing) portion of the Shuni-e rites at the Tōdai-ji in Nara. Each Shugendo school has his own conch shell melodies.
The "hora" is especially associated with the "Yamabushi", ascetic warrior monks of the Shugendo sect. The "yamabushi" used the trumpet to signal their presence (or movements) to one another across mountains and to accompany the chanting of sutras.
Military.
In war, the shell, called "jinkai", or "war shell", was one of several used by Japanese feudal warriors known as samurai. A large conch would be used and fitted with a bronze (or wooden) mouthpiece. It would be held in an openwork basket and blown with a different combination of "notes" to signal troops to attack, withdraw, or change strategies, in the same way a bugle or flugelhorn was used in the west. The trumpeter was called a "kai yaku" (貝役). 
The "jinkai" served a similar function to drums and bells in signaling troop formations, setting a rhythm for marching, providing something of a heroic accompaniment to encourage the troops and confusing the enemy by inferring that the troop numbers were large enough to require such trumpeters. Many daimyo (feudal lords) enlisted "yamabushi" to serve as "kai yaku", due to their experience with the instrument.
The sound of "jinkai" is often used in motion pictures and television dramas as a symbolic sound effect indicating an impending battle, e.g., "The Last Samurai" or the 2007 Taiga drama "Fūrinkazan", but both of these screen renditions use deep, resonating monotones, not the melodic tones that "yamabushi" used for relaying messages.

</doc>
<doc id="2891378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891378" title="Alena Neumiarzhitskaya">
Alena Neumiarzhitskaya

Alena Neumiarzhitskaya (; born 27 July 1980) is a Belarusian sprinter.
Neumiarzhitskaya won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics together with Yulia Nestsiarenka, Natallia Solohub and Aksana Drahun. At the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg she won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 m relay with Nestsiarenka, Natallia Safronnikava and Drahun.

</doc>
<doc id="2891380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891380" title="Pontiac Pathfinder">
Pontiac Pathfinder

Unique to Canada, the Pontiac Pathfinder was an entry-level station Wagon or full sized car, that was based on a Chevrolet chassis but used most of the distinctive Pontiac styling parts. Engines were also by Chevrolet, another General Motors brand. The use of Chevrolet-based bodies resulted in shorter front and rear fenders and Canadian specific wheels and hubcaps. Interior trim often was also unique to Canada. The last Pathfinders were built in 1958 as Pontiac's (Canada) base model. Body styles included a sedan delivery.This car was Pontiac's last full-size sedan delivery.Also there was the station wagon model.
From some point in the forties through 1953, these Canadian Pontiac models used only the front section of Pontiac sheet metal, so that from the rear they appeared to be Chevrolets with Pontiac "stripes" added on the trunk lid. Thereafter, through at least 1958, these low-end Canadian Pontiac models, often nicknamed "Cheviacs", used Chevrolet body shells, but with Pontiac features at both ends. This variant is only readily recognized when compared to the U.S. Pontiac or Chevrolet equivalents, since body details often differ slightly between the U.S. versions of the two makes.
Another item worth noting is that the Pontiac Pathfinders (as well as some other Canadian models) usually used Chevrolet engines and drive trains, so that one can find Canadian Pontiacs with OHV sixes or 283 V8 engines.
The Canadian Pontiac Sedan Deliveries noted above were "only in Canada" models from 1954 through 1958, since that model was only sold in the U.S. through 1953.
It is also worth noting that, although Canada-specific models of U.S. makes were gradually phased out after Canada's "Auto Pact" treaty with the U.S. made them no longer necessary, Pontiacs manufactured and sold in Canada maintained their unique model names for many years thereafter...so one can still see Pontiac "Parisiennes" of fairly recent manufacture on Canadian streets.
Finally, Canadian-built Dodges were, for a number of years, similarly built; so that Canadian Dodges of the same period are only visibly "Dodges" from the dashboard forward, with Plymouth
rear body sections. Such cars were often dubbed "Plodges". The same was done with Canadian Dodge Darts during the sixties...which were indeed Valiants from the rear.

</doc>
<doc id="2891385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891385" title="Aksana Drahun">
Aksana Drahun

Aksana Drahun (born April 19, 1981), aka Oksana Dragun, is a Belarusian sprinter, who specializes in the 100 metres. Her personal best time is 11.28 seconds, achieved in July 2005 in Minsk.
Drahun won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics together with Yulia Nestsiarenka, Natallia Solohub and Alena Neumiarzhitskaya. At the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg she won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 m relay with Nestsiarenka, Natallia Safronnikava and Neumiarzhitskaya.
Drahun represented Belarus at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She competed at the 4 x 100 m relay together with Nestsiarenka, Nastassia Shuliak and Anna Bagdanovich. In their first round heat they placed sixth with a time of 43.69 seconds, which was the 9th time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="2891386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891386" title="Armilla">
Armilla

Armilla can refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="2891390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891390" title="Beachwood Sparks">
Beachwood Sparks

Beachwood Sparks are an American alternative country band from Los Angeles. A "Daily Telegraph" article on America's underground psychedelic pop scene described Beachwood Sparks as "country through a kaleidoscope".
Biography.
The band was formed by bassist Brent Rademaker and guitarist Christopher Gunst who met in the 1990s when both were members of Los Angeles indie-rock group Further. Guitarist Dave Scher and drummer Jimi Hey (who played with Gunst in Strictly Ballroom) were recruited before the band's first show in June 1997.
Hey suggested the band's name by combining Sparks Street, where Brent Rademaker lived in Burbank, with Beachwood Street, which runs parallel and adjacent to Sparks. Hey left after a few shows and was replaced by Tom Sanford. At around the same time, the group was also joined by Pete "Sleigher" Kinne on percussion and another former Further member, guitarist Josh Schwartz.
They released the "Desert Skies"/"Make It Together" single on Bomp! in October 1998. Sanford left and was replaced by Aaron Sperske, drummer with Lilys, whose first recording with the band was on the Sub Pop singles club release "Midsummer Daydream"/"Windows 65" issued in April 1999. Kinne and Schwartz left shortly after.
In spring 2000, they released their first album, "Beachwood Sparks". The "shimmering twang-pop melodies and gorgeous harmonies" drew comparisons to the late 1960s' Laurel Canyon country-rock of The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield and Gram Parsons as well as to contemporaries Elephant 6.
The single "Once We Were Trees" (featuring a jangly cover of The Everly Brothers' "Wake Up, Little Suzie" on the B-side) was released on the Spanish label Houston Party Records, previewing the mellower sound that featured on the band's second album, also called "Once We Were Trees", which was released in the second half of 2001.
A single from the album, a cover of Sade's "By Your Side", was released in the United Kingdom and enjoyed some chart success. The video, directed by Chad Misner, was selected for the 2002 South by Southwest Film Festival and featured footage of Aaron Sperske and Autumn de Wilde's wedding. The song was later featured on the soundtrack for the 2010 feature film Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. 
For the 2002 EP, "Make the Cowboy Robots Cry", Sperske was replaced on drums by the returning Jimi Hey. Strictly Ballroom's Jimmy Tamborello, aka Dntel, contributed to the EP. Tamborello also worked with Scher and Gunst at Loyola Marymount University's radio station, KXLU.
Since 2002, the band has mostly concentrated on other projects. Gunst formed Mystic Chords of Memory. Brent Rademaker, sometimes with Gunst and Scher, plays in The Tyde and also in Frausdots. Hey and Scher released an album as All Night Radio. In March 2007, Scher was recruited as touring keyboard player for New York indie rockers Interpol. Sperske joined Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti.
Beachwood Sparks reunited in 2008 to play at SB20, the celebration of Sub Pop's 20th anniversary. A small number of dates were played on the West Coast and the East Coast, including July 19 at the Henry Miller Library in Big Sur, California. The reunion line-up was Gunst, Rademaker, Sperske, Ben Knight, Jen Cohen and Dan Horne. Scher also played at four of the West Coast shows.
In 2012, Beachwood Sparks released the album "The Tarnished Gold".

</doc>
<doc id="2891394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891394" title="Westville, South Carolina">
Westville, South Carolina

Westville is an unincorporated community in Kershaw County, South Carolina, United States. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Before Westville got its name, it was known only as the West Section. In 1888, resident John C. West applied for the establishment of a post office and became the first postmaster. This post office officially changed its name to Westville in 1890.
Westville is located on U.S. Route 521, 16 miles north of Camden. The Westville Fire Station opened in 1976, and the Westville fire tower is one of the few still in use throughout the state of South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="2891399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891399" title="Mongolian Nuclear-Weapons-Free Status">
Mongolian Nuclear-Weapons-Free Status

In 1992, Mongolian President Punsalmaagiin Ochirbat announced that his country would seek to become a one-state Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone (NWFZ). The last Russian troops had left the country that same year, and Mongolia perceived a change in its geopolitical status and an opportunity for neutrality. 
The initiative to become a Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone was well received by Mongolia's neighbors, the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China (both nuclear weapons states), as well as by the world community at large, despite being somewhat unorthodox. Previously, NWFZs had been composed of a group of countries, although the possibility of single-state zones had been long recognized. United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3261 F of December 9, 1974, states that ""obligations relating to the establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones may be assumed not only by groups of states, including entire continents or large geographical regions, but also by small groups of States and even individual countries.""
Mongolia's drive for international recognition yielded fruit in Resolution 53/77 D [http://www.opanal.org/opanal/Documents/UN/53/ing/r53-77d-ing.html], which was adopted by the General Assembly on December 4, 1998, which welcomed Mongolia's goal, and put it on the agenda for the next meeting. 
On February 28, 2000, the Mongolian ambassador to the United Nations Jargalsaikhan Enkhsaikhan presented a letter [http://www.un.org/documents/ga/docs/55/a5556.pdf] outlining the Mongolian de-nuclearization law, which was then circulated as A/55/56 S/2000/160. At this stage, it appears that the international recognition of Mongolia's nuclear-weapons-free status is complete.
During two meetings held in February and in July 2006, particular attention was paid to Mongolia's economic and ecological vulnerabilities and security, and the implementation of General Assembly resolution 59/73.

</doc>
<doc id="2891400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891400" title="Moti Mahal">
Moti Mahal

Moti Mahal () "Pearl Palace", may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2891407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891407" title="Natallia Solohub">
Natallia Solohub

Natallia Solohub, sometimes spelt Sologub (see Ge or He) (; born March 31, 1975), is a Belarusian sprinter.
Solohub has won silver medals in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2004 and 2006 World Indoor Championships, and a bronze medal in 4 x 100 m relay at the 2005 World Championships.
At the 2001 World Championships she failed a drugs test for norandrosterone. She was banned from the sport between August 2001 and August 2003.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2891413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891413" title="Uche">
Uche

Uche is a common Nigerian name. Depending on the contextual usage, Uche (a unisex Igbo name) can mean; intention, will, mind, Idea or sense. Uchechukwu (pronounced ) means "Gods Will" or "Gods Intention". Uchechukwu could be also construed to mean "The heart of God". Ucheoma () means "Beautiful Mind". Uchendu () means "Thinking/thought of life."
Notable people.
Uche means the "mind" "heart" "the will" "the core of ones emotions".
It usually used in connection to "chukwu, chi and nna (God/god) in the Igbo tribe of Eastern Nigeria. Usually used in variations like, Uchechi, Uchenna, and Uchechukwu. The different variations carry the same meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="2891416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891416" title="Amir Or">
Amir Or

Amir Or (born 1956), is an Israeli editor, translator and award-winning poet whose works have been published in more than 40 languages.
He is the author of ten volumes of poetry as of late 2013, and his latest books in Hebrew are "Heart Beast (2010) and The Madman's Prophecy" (2012).
Individual poems by Amir Or have been published in English, German, Danish, Dutch, Shetlandic, Swedish, Norwegian, French,Spanish, Catalan, Italian, Romanian, Welsh, Gaelic, Irish, Greek, Armenian,Albanian, Russian, Ukrainian, Polish, Croatian, Serbian, Slovenian,  Macedonian, Slovak, Czech, Latvian,Lithuanian, Georgian, Persian, Hindi, Malayalam, Kanada, Telugu, Arabic,Turkish, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Finnish and Estonian.
Biography.
Or was born in Tel Aviv, and besides other jobs he has worked as a shepherd, builder and restaurateur. He studied philosophy and comparative religion at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, where he later lectured on Ancient Greek Religion. He has published essays on poetry, classics and religious studies, and has taught creative writing in universities in Israel, the United Kingdom, USA and Japan.
In 1990 he founded "Helicon Society, Israel" and has been Editor-in-Chief of Helicon's journal and series of poetry books. In 1993 he set up the Arabic-Hebrew Helicon Poetry School and has founded and directed the Sha’ar International Poetry Festival. Or has also edited other literary journals and several anthologies of Hebrew verse in European languages. He serves as editor of the Catuv poetry books series, as national editor of the international poetry magazines Atlas and Blesok, and as a national coordinator for the U.N. sponsored UPC venture, “Poets for Peace.” He is a founding memberof the EACWP (European Association of Creative Writing Programs) of theinternational Circle of Poets and of the WPM (World Poetry Movement).
Awards and recognition.
For his poetry he has been awarded the Levi Eshkol Prime Minister’s Literary Prize, the Harry Harshon prize, the Bernstein Prize (original Hebrew-language poetry category), a Fulbright Award for writers, the Oeneumi literary prize of theTetovo Poetry Festival and the Wine Poetry prize 2013 of the Struga Poetry Evenings; as well as Fellowships at the University of Iowa, the Jewish-Hebrew Centre of the University of Oxford, the Heinrich Böll Foundation and the Literarische Colloquium, Berlin among others. For his translations he received the Honorary Prize of the Israeli Minister of Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="2891419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891419" title="KIIT-CA">
KIIT-CA

KIIT-CA is a television station in North Platte, Nebraska, broadcasting locally as an affiliate of Fox. It is owned by Gray Television, which also owns full-powered NBC affiliate KNOP-TV and low-power CBS affiliate KNPL-LD.
KIIT-CA currently broadcasts only an analog signal, though it has a construction permit to convert channel 11 to digital. Digital television viewers in the North Platte area can receive KIIT via KNOP's digital subcarrier. Fox programming also airs in the area on Lincoln's KFXL-TV, which is carried on KWNB's subcarrier. KIIT is also carried as channel 5 on the North Platte Charter Communications cable system.
The station currently does not have a website.
From the grant of its original construction permit on December 12, 1994 through June 26, 2014, the station was assigned the translator-style call sign of K11TW, and retained it even after obtaining class A status in 2001. However, outside of Federal Communications Commission-required station identification, the station has always called itself "KIIT" on the air.
On November 20, 2013, Hoak Media announced the sale of most of its stations, including K11TW and KNOP-TV, to Gray Television. The sale made them sister stations to KNPL. 

</doc>
<doc id="2891423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891423" title="Pok Fu Lam Road">
Pok Fu Lam Road

Pokfulam Road, or Pok Fu Lam Road, is a four-lane road in Hong Kong. Built on Hong Kong Island, the road runs between Sai Ying Pun and Wah Fu, through Pok Fu Lam. 
It runs south from Sai Ying Pun, passing The University of Hong Kong along the Belcher's, with a road junction with Pokfield Road. The vegetation in this area is largely preserved, unlike many roads in the urban built-up areas of Hong Kong. Further south, the Pok Fu Lam playground, a public playground, is located near the junction with Mount Davis Road in Mount Davis. Down the road, Queen Mary Hospital, a large hospital complex, borders the junction with Sassoon Road and Bisney Road. Recently, the junction was renovated into a large intersection with highway loops, in order to ease traffic congestion. Further down the road, there is a large reservoir, a school for the blind, a vocational education centre and two large housing complexes: Chi Fu Fa Yuen and Pokfulam Gardens. The road ends at the Pokfulam Fire Station.
Spelling.
The road name is always spelled as Three words "Pok Fu Lam Road" (see road sign above), and not "Pokfulam Road". Many of its traditionally expatriate residents pronounce it "Pok Fulham" (as in the London borough). The road is more commonly referred to as "Pok Fu Lam" in Cantonese.
Along Pokfulam Road is one of the more recent property developments, The Belcher's, built in 2000-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2891430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891430" title="Sundadanio">
Sundadanio

Sundadanio is a genus of cyprinid fishes from the Malay Archipelago.
Species.
There are currently eight recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="2891440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891440" title="Chicago Picasso">
Chicago Picasso

The Chicago Picasso (often just "The Picasso") is an untitled monumental sculpture by Pablo Picasso in Chicago, Illinois. The sculpture, dedicated on August 15, 1967, in Daley Plaza in the Chicago Loop, is tall and weighs . The Cubist sculpture by Picasso was the first such major public artwork in Downtown Chicago, and has become a well known landmark. 
It is known for its inviting jungle gym-like characteristics. Visitors to Daley Plaza can often be seen climbing on and sliding down the base of the sculpture.
The sculpture was commissioned by the architects of the Richard J. Daley Center in 1963. The commission was facilitated by the architect William Hartmann of the architectural firm of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. Picasso completed a maquette of the sculpture in 1965, and approved a final model of the sculpture in 1966. The cost of constructing the sculpture was $351,959.17, paid mostly by three charitable foundations: the Woods Charitable Fund, the Chauncey and Marion Deering McCormick Foundation, and the Field Foundation of Illinois. Picasso himself was offered payment of $100,000 but refused, stating that he wanted to make his work a gift.
History.
An architect who worked on the Daley Center project, Richard Bennett, wrote Picasso a poem asking him to make the sculpture. Picasso accepted saying "You know I never accept commissions to do any sort of work, but in this case I am involved in projects for the two great gangster cities" (the other being Marseille, France). Picasso refused the $100,000 payment considering his work a gift to the people of Chicago.
The sculpture was fabricated by the American Bridge Company division of the United States Steel Corporation in Gary, Indiana using COR-TEN steel, before being disassembled and relocated to Chicago. Before fabrication of the final steel sculpture was started, a 3.5 meter (~12 feet) tall wooden model was constructed for Picasso to approve, this was eventually sent to the Gary Career Center. Ground was broken in Daley Plaza for the construction of the sculpture on May 25, 1967.
The efforts of the City of Chicago to publicize the sculpture — staging a number of press events before the sculpture was completed, and displaying the maquette without a copyright notice — were cited as evidence in a 1970 U.S. District Court case where the judge ruled that the city's actions had resulted in the sculpture being dedicated to the public domain.
Controversy.
The sculpture was initially met with controversy. Before the Picasso sculpture, public sculptural artwork in Chicago was mainly of historical figures. One derisive Chicago City Council alderman, John Hoellen, immediately proposed replacing it with a statue of Ernie Banks, and Chicago publicist and science fiction writer Algis Budrys erected a giant pickle on the proposed site. There was speculation on the subject, which has ranged from a bird, or aardvark to Picasso's pet Afghan Hound, a baboon head, or the Egyptian deity Anubis.
Newspaper columnist Mike Royko, covering the unveiling of the sculpture, wrote: “Interesting design, I’m sure. But the fact is, it has a long stupid face and looks like some giant insect that is about to eat a smaller, weaker insect.” Royko did credit Picasso with understanding the soul of Chicago. “Its eyes are like the eyes of every slum owner who made a buck off the small and weak. And of every building inspector who took a wad from a slum owner to make it all possible... You’d think he’d been riding the L all his life.” 
Artist Intent.
Although Picasso never explained what the sculpture was intended to represent, it may have been inspired by a French woman, Sylvette David, now known as Lydia Corbett, who posed for Picasso in 1954. Then 19 years old and living in Vallauris, France, Corbett would accompany her artist boyfriend as he delivered chairs made of metal, wood and rope. One of those deliveries was to Picasso, who was struck by her high ponytail and long neck. "He made many portraits of her. At the time, most people thought he was drawing the actress Brigitte Bardot. But in fact, he was inspired by ," Picasso's grandson Olivier Widmaier Picasso told the "Chicago Sun-Times" in 2004. 
"I think the Chicago Sculpture was inspired by her," said the grandson, author of "Picasso, the Real Family Story". Picasso made 40 works inspired by her, said the grandson, including "The Girl Who Said No", reflecting their platonic relationship. The quality of the Picasso's sculpture inspired other artists such as Alexander Calder, Marc Chagall, Joan Miró, Claes Oldenburg and Henry Moore. Acceptance from these artists influenced the acceptance from Chicagoans. As many other sculptures and architecture in Chicago, the Picasso became a symbol of the city.
Local and pop culture.
The Picasso was the site of an August 23, 1968 press conference in which Yippies Jerry Rubin, Phil Ochs, and others were arrested after nominating a pig - Pigasus - for president of the United States. This event was held just before the opening of the 1968 Democratic National Convention, which became known for its anti-Vietnam war protests.
The sculpture was mentioned (and appears) in the 1980 film "The Blues Brothers" during the chase scene leading to the Richard J. Daley Center. It can also be seen briefly in the 1993 film "The Fugitive", as Harrison Ford, playing Richard Kimble, and his pursuers run across the plaza, and in the 1986 film "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" as people in and under a reviewing stand dance to a song sung by Matthew Broderick, who plays Bueller. The sculpture also makes an appearance in the 1988 film Switching Channels starring Kathleen Turner, Burt Reynolds and Christopher Reeve. 
Today, the Chicago Picasso has become a well known meeting spot for Chicagoans. Depending on the season and time of the month there are musical performances, farmer's markets, a Christkindlmarkt, and other Chicago affairs which are held around the Picasso statue in front of Daley Plaza.

</doc>
<doc id="2891451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891451" title="Love in Magic">
Love in Magic

Love in Magic () is a 2005 South Korean romantic comedy film.
Plot.
The movie tells of a womanizing performing magician Woo Ji-hoon who one day discovers a hidden camera film on the Internet that shows him having sex with one of his former girlfriends, Koo Hee-won in a motel. Ji-hoon first tracks down Hee-won, who is working as a teacher at a local school. They decide that instead of going to the police, they'd be better off trying to track the film's makers themselves and get the film taken offline without making a fuss, since both of their careers could suffer. Ji-hoon and Hee-won start spending their evenings going through all the motels they visited while going out, and slowly rediscover their feelings for each other.

</doc>
<doc id="2891454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891454" title="Arpi">
Arpi

Arpi (Argyrippa or Argos Hippium) was an ancient city of Apulia, Italy, 20 mi. W. of the sea coast, and 5 mi. N. of the modern Foggia. The legend attributes its foundation to Diomedes, and the figure of a horse, which appears on its coins, shows the importance of horse-breeding in early times in the district. Its territory extended to the sea, and Strabo says that from the extent of the city walls one could gather that it had once been one of the greatest cities of Italy. As a protection against the Samnites, Arpi became an ally of Rome. In the war with Pyrrhus, the Arpani aided Rome with a contingent of 4000 foot and 400 horse. Arpi remained faithful to Rome until Rome's defeat at the battle of Cannae, but the consul Quintus Fabius Maximus, son of the famous Roman dictator Quintus Fabius Maximus Verrucosus, captured it in 213 B.C., and it never recovered its former importance. It lay on a by-road from Luceria to Sipontum. No Roman inscriptions have, indeed, been found here, and remains of antiquity are scanty. Foggia is its medieval representative.

</doc>
<doc id="2891456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891456" title="Credit union league">
Credit union league

A credit union league or credit union central is cooperative federation for credit unions.
Canada.
In Canada there is generally one credit union central per province (with exceptions). Except for the Desjardin Group (primarily operating in Quebec, but also French-speaking areas of New Bruswick and Ontario) which is separate, they are all members the Credit Union Central of Canada, the national trade association for credit unions. The Canadian Central is itself a member of the Canadian Co-operative Association, while Desjardin is a member of the "Conseil canadien de la coopération et de la mutualité".
United States.
In the United States a credit union league is a state-level trade association for credit unions, which are non-profit financial cooperatives. Credit union leagues hold a primary interest in the Credit Union National Association (CUNA).
Many credit union leagues were formed through the efforts of the Credit Union National Extension Bureau in the 1920s. In 1934, Congress enacted the Federal Credit Union Act and the CUNA was formed.
The term "league" was employed to denote a mutually supportive organization for the promotion and success of credit unions. Each state in the United States, as well as Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and Guam, had its own League. State leagues also designed the Corporate Credit Union model, to serve as the "credit union's credit union" by providing financial services independent of the commercial banking industry. 
From the 1930s until the 1970s, one of the chief duties of the League system was to promote and help facilitate the chartering of new credit unions. However, increased regulation and higher capitalization requirements, combined with the decline in American manufacturing job creation, virtually ended the formation of new credit unions except in special circumstances.
Leagues also operate for profit "services corporations" which provide services (credit card processing, commercial printing, ATM networks, Shared Service Centers, etc.) to credit unions and to other state leagues. 
Consolidation of statewide Leagues began in the late 1980s and accelerated in the 1990s. Also in the 1990s, a move to modernize the names of Leagues also began to happen. In Ohio, for example, the organization became known as the Ohio Credit Union System, with the Ohio Credit Union League becoming just one of four components of the system umbrella.
Leagues also perform the function of lobbying state legislatures for laws that are beneficial to credit unions through the registered lobbyists.

</doc>
<doc id="2891460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891460" title="Muna Lee (athlete)">
Muna Lee (athlete)

Muna Lee (born October 30, 1981, Little Rock, Arkansas) is an American sprinter.
Lee won a gold medal as part of the women's 4 x 100m relay team at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. She had an impressive performance at the 2004 Olympic Trials, moving up in the final stretch while running in lane 1 to place second and win a spot on the Olympic Team. She went on to place 7th at the Olympic Games.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing she competed at the 100 metres sprint. In her first round heat she placed first in front of Anita Pistone and Guzel Khubbieva in a time of 11.44 to advance to the second round. There she improved her time to 11.08 and to finish second after Sherone Simpson to qualify for the semi finals. With 11.06 she placed second behind Shelly-Ann Fraser to qualify for the final, in which she placed in fifth position with a time of 11.07 seconds.
She took second place at the US Championships (just one thousandth of a second behind in-form Carmelita Jeter) and qualified for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics. 
A week before the World Championships, Lee was part of a United States 4 x 100 m relay team that ran the fastest women's sprint relay in twelve years. Lauryn Williams, Allyson Felix, Lee and Jeter finished with a time of 41.58 seconds, bringing them to eighth on the all time list.
Lee ran track collegiately at Louisiana State University.

</doc>
<doc id="2891469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891469" title="Parks and open spaces in Islington">
Parks and open spaces in Islington

The London Borough of Islington is short of large parks and open spaces, given its status in recent decades as a desirable place of residence. In fact, Islington has the lowest ratio of open space to built-up areas of any London borough. The largest continuous open space in the borough, at 11.75 hectares (29 acres), is Highbury Fields.
Islington has access to large open spaces in neighbouring London boroughs. The Islington district of Finsbury Park is next to the southern end of Finsbury Park, in Haringey. The "Green Route" of the Regent's Canal tow path provides access to Regent's Park to the west – in Camden; and Victoria Park to the east – in Tower Hamlets. Many other open spaces such as Clissold Park in Hackney are situated on the borders of the borough. Islington also contains many well-kept public squares and greens, such as Canonbury Square and Thornhill Square.
Because of the perceived open space deficit, many small community gardens grew up in Islington from the 1970s on. Created and maintained by local residents on sites made derelict by the Blitz and redevelopment, not all have survived, but one notable remaining example, open to the public, is Culpeper Community Garden, near the Angel.
Local Nature Reserves.
There are three Local Nature Reserves in Islington, Gillespie Park, Barnsbury Wood, and the part of the Parkland Walk which is in the borough.

</doc>
<doc id="2891472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891472" title="Victoria Road, Hong Kong">
Victoria Road, Hong Kong

Victoria Road () is a main road near the west shore of Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong connecting Kennedy Town and Wah Fu and an alternative connection of Pok Fu Lam Road. It begins north with Belcher's Street in Kennedy Town and goes along Mount Davis, Sandy Bay, Telegraph Bay and Waterfall Bay and reaches in Kellett Bay.
History.
The road was built in 1897. In celebrating the 60 year anniversary of Queen Victoria's coronation, the a stone was erected and the road was named Victoria Jubilee Road (域多利慶典道). The road was without any surfacing and only access to Chinese public cemetery in Kellett Bay. In 1930, Hong Kong Government erected a stone at the road in Kennedy Town to mark the boundary of Victoria City. In 1910s, the road was expanded and renamed to Victoria Road. In 1960s, for the construction of Wah Fu Estate, the road became a standard road of concrete. In 2000s, the section near Cyberport was improved.

</doc>
<doc id="2891474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891474" title="Hawaiian Renaissance">
Hawaiian Renaissance

The First and Second Hawaiian Renaissance (also often called the Hawaiian Cultural Renaissance) was the Hawaiian resurgence of a distinct cultural identity that draws upon traditional kānaka maoli culture, with a significant divergence from the tourism-based "culture" which Hawaii was previously known for worldwide (along with the rest of Polynesia).
First Hawaiian Renaissance.
The First Hawaiian Renaissance had its foundation in the nationalism sentiments of King Kamehameha V. At the time Hawaii was an independent kingdom. The intention was to form a contemporary national identity rather than modeling Hawaii after Great Britain and the Culture of the United States. King Kalākaua had a controversial rise to power due to the internal conflicts between family lineage. One half of the island wanted Kalākaua whereas; the other half cheered for his competitor. The result spread tension between the people themselves, but most came to favor Kalākaua as he brought back the Hawaiian culture to urban areas. 
Kalākaua took steps to perpetuate nationalism. Kalākaua replaced the considerably Christian national anthem He Mele Lahui Hawaii with Hawaiʻi Ponoʻī in 1876 inspired by Kamehameha I. He had the aged ʻIolani Palace rebuilt starting in 1879 and finishing in 1882.
Despite early efforts to earn favor with the haole people, growing views he was putting his people over the others continued. The Hawaiian people loved him; however, the missionaries ancestors did not enjoy the dealings with Kalākaua. The missionaries ancestors had gained power in Hawai'i by buying land, they were so high in dealings with the island's inner workings that they had to meet with Kalākaua, as advisors almost, only Kalākaua didn't always agree with their opinions. He always put his people first, and that sometimes meant denying the missionaries ideas.
Kalākaua spent three years planning his second coronation in 1883 to try and ease the racial tensions between the local people and the missionaries ancestors, and 8,000 people attended. Kalākaua sponsored several traditional Hawaiian practices such as hula, chants, sports, and royal rituals. He also had Hawaiian myths, legends, and chants recorded in media such as the Kumulipo and had his genealogy traced.
Second Hawaiian Renaissance.
The Second Hawaiian Renaissance is generally considered to have started in 1970, and drew from similar cultural movements from the late 60s and early 70s. It is mostly known from music, such as Gabby Pahinui and his work with the Sons of Hawaii, or Keola and Kapono Beamer's traditionalist slack-key music, and their signature twin-hole guitar designs constructed at the Guitar and Lute Workshop. Other noted Hawaiian musicians who played an integral role in the renaissance were Dennis Pavao, Ledward Kaapana, and Nedward Kaapana. The Kaapana brothers, along with cousin Pavao formed the falsetto trio, "Hui Ohana". The musical group "Olomana" contributed greatly to the music of this period with songs like 'O Malia' and 'Mele O Kahoolawe'.
This period in Hawaiian history is also associated with a renewed interest in Hawaiian language, Pidgin, Hula, Traditional Hawaiian Crafts, Hawaiian Studies, and other cultural items.
The Merrie Monarch Festival, established in 1964 by George Na'ope, caused a resurgence in the study and practice of ancient hula developed and danced before 1893. 
The time also included intense land struggles such as that of Kalama Valley, Kahoolawe and Waiāhole/Waikāne, and a resurgence of traditional practices such as loi kalo (taro patch) farming, folk arts, and mālama āina (traditional forestry/ land healing and restoration).
Polynesian voyaging is also a large aspect of the Hawaiian Renaissance. In 1975, the Polynesian Voyaging Society built a replica of an ancient Polynesian voyaging canoe. The vessel, "Hōkūle‘a", and the re-adoption of non-instrument wayfinding navigation by Nainoa Thompson, are icons of the Hawaiian Renaissance and contributors to the resurgence of interest in Polynesian culture. "Hōkūle‘a's" voyage concluded 8 June 2007. ("see Hōkūle‘a")
The movement sometimes touches upon politics, including issues dealing with Native Hawaiians and restoration of Hawaiian independence. Amongst the outcomes was the Constitution of 1978, which produced the Office of Hawaiian Affairs and reclaiming federal land to the State like Kahoolawe.
The height of the Hawaiian Renaissance is usually located during the 1970s, and had mostly waned by 1980, although some refer to it as a still-contemporary movement.
The term "Hawaiian Renaissance" is sometimes also applied to the time period immediately following King Kalākaua's ascendance to the throne, which marked the public return of traditional arts such as the hula, after Calvinist missionary repression had forced these arts underground for several decades.

</doc>
<doc id="2891479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891479" title="Boom Boom Boom (Outhere Brothers song)">
Boom Boom Boom (Outhere Brothers song)

"Boom Boom Boom" is a 1995 song by the American hip hop duo The Outhere Brothers from their debut album "1 Polish, 2 Biscuits & a Fish Sandwich". The song peaked at number sixty five on the Billboard Hot 100, and topped the charts in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Republic of Ireland. The original version of the song contained sexually explicit lyrics which were removed for the radio edit but were retained in remixes of the track on the single. The hook was partially sampled in the Britney Spears' song "(I Got That) Boom Boom" on her fourth album "In the Zone".

</doc>
<doc id="2891482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891482" title="Eurostile">
Eurostile

The Eurostile type font style is a geometric sans-serif typeface designed by Aldo Novarese in 1962. Novarese originally made Eurostile for one of the best-known Italian foundries, Nebiolo, in Turin.
Novarese developed Eurostile because although the similar Microgramma, which he had also designed, came with a variety of weights, it had only upper-case letters. A decade after he had designed Microgramma, Novarese resolved this limitation with his design of Eurostile, which added lower-case letters, a bold condensed variant, and an ultra narrow design he called Eurostile Compact, for a total of seven fonts.
Characteristics.
Eurostile is a popular display font. Its linear nature suggests modern architecture, with an appeal both technical and functional. The squarish shapes with their rounded corners evoke the appearance of television screens of the 1950s and 1960s. As such, it has found some popularity in contemporary graphic design, as well as in science fiction novel and film artwork.
Foundry Type.
Introduced by Nebiolo in 1962.
Cold Type Copies.
The popularity of "Eurostile" continued strong right in the cold type era, and it was offered by various manufacturers under the following names:
Digital Versions.
SWMCA Catalogs.
Eurostile was used as the base for SWMCA's Fun Euro font family. This font was drawn in 2010 with the "Schoolhouse" version of the font being released in 2013 at fontspace.com. Although based on Eurostile, it had a totally different look. SWMCA referred to it as "the Cheltenham problem".
URW version.
In the URW version, there are also Greek, Cyrillic, subscript and superscript, box drawing characters. The family has 16 fonts in five weights and three widths, with condensed fonts on regular and heavy weights; extended fonts on regular and black weights; complementary oblique fonts on black, bold, heavy, heavy condensed, medium, regular, regular condensed.
Eurostile DisCaps.
Eurostile DisCaps is a small caps version of the font. The family comes with one width in regular and bold weights, without obliques.
Eurostile Relief.
Eurostile Relief is a shadowed version of the font designed by URW Studio.
Eurostile Stencil.
Eurostile Stencil is a stencil font based on URW's Eurostile black extended (D), designed by Achaz Reuss.
Linotype version.
Linotype began distributing Eurostile decades ago, and during the early 1980s, it worked together with Adobe to digitize the fonts in PostScript format. During the digitization process, the super curves were flattened.
Although the font family is based on the Microgramma font, some of the characters do not follow the styling of the family. These characters include non-letter characters like integral, infinity, pilcrow; letterlike symbols like @, copyright mark, registration mark; and accents such as cedilla and the tilde.
The family includes ten fonts in three weights and three widths. Condensed and Extended fonts do not have oblique or demi weight counterparts. It supports ISO Adobe 2 character sets.
Eurostile LT.
Eurostile LT is a variant of Eurostile by Linotype. It uses squarer designs for non-letter characters like integral, infinity, pilcrow; letterlike symbols like @, the copyright mark, the registration mark; and accents such as cedilla and the tilde. However, the circle in circled letters (@, Ω) remained circular, which was not fixed until Eurostile Next. The asterisk was redesigned to use six points instead of five. Some numerals, such as "1", were redesigned with a straight tail instead of an angled tail for use in Japan.
In all, the family includes 11 fonts, adding an Outline Bold font to the original Eurostile family by Linotype. It supports ISO Adobe 2,Adobe CE, Latin extended character sets.
Square 721.
The Square 721 font from Bitstream is very similar to Eurostile although its proportions are slightly different. Square 721 is available in 2 weights and 3 widths each.
Europe.
Europe is a variant of Eurostile designed at TypeMarket in 1992–1993 by Alexey Kustov. The family includes 16 fonts, adding Shadow Demi, Shadow Oblique, and the missing oblique counterparts to the original Linotype family. It supports Cyrillic characters.
Eurostile Next (2008).
Eurostile Next is an optically-rescaled and redesigned version of the original font family, designed by Linotype Type Director Akira Kobayashi. The redesign was based on the specimens of the original metal fonts.
Redesigned features include restoring the super curve lost in the previous film and digital versions, reduced stroke weight difference between the upper and lowercase letters, type-sensitive accents and letterlike symbols (ç, É, @, €). In addition, Kobayashi added new Light and Ultra Light weights to complement the Extended, Normal, and Condensed variations within the family, added small caps letters and figures.
The family consists of 15 fonts in 5 weights and 3 widths each, without oblique fonts. It supports ISO Adobe 2,Adobe CE, Latin extended character sets. OpenType features include small caps, tabular and proportional figures, superior and inferior numerals, diagonal fractions, and ordinals.
Eurostile Candy (2008).
Eurostile Candy is a variant of Eurostile Next with rounded corners. Extra strokes in letters such as a, s, or t, are removed. Joints in letters such as n and r have been simplified to create even more square shapes.
The family consists of three weights (regular, semi bold, bold) in extended width, without oblique fonts. It supports ISO Adobe 2,Adobe CE, Latin extended character sets. Extra OpenType features found in Eurostile Next are not supported.
Eurostile Unicase (2008).
Eurostile Unicase is a variant of Eurostile Next with unicase letters. The family consists of one font (Regular) in extended width, without oblique fonts, but it has heavier weight than Eurostile Next Extended Bold. It supports ISO Adobe 2, Adobe CE, and Latin extended character sets. Extra OpenType features found in Eurostile Next are not supported.
Variants.
Francker is a variant based on Eurostile.
Applications.
Companies.
Sketchers
Music Industry.
Eurostile Extended has been used extensively in the music industry, where it has featured in album cover artwork from U2, Ash, The Supernaturals, Eminem, Pendulum, and several dance compilations from Warner. Eurostile Extended 2 can also be seen in the cover artwork for Marilyn Manson's 1998 album "Mechanical Animals." It was used by Westlife on their first two albums, "Westlife" and "Coast to Coast", and is currently used by Argentine Pop band Bandana & electrotango band Tanghetto as complementary typography to the band's logo.
Television.
Variations of Eurostile are popular in television. The BBC One holding slides from 1976 to 1983 were in Eurostile. Eurostile Bold Condensed was used in the later logo of the TVS news programme "Coast to Coast." It was also used for Tyne Tees Television's idents from 1969 to 1989.
Eurostile is one of the most popular fonts in science-fiction movies. "Doctor Who" used the font for the credits during the Second Doctor era (1966 to 1969, with Patrick Troughton in the lead role), and again in cast and crew titles from 1987 to 1989. Eurostile—and the Microgramma Extended Bold font on which it is based—was the primary font used in the science fiction series "UFO", created by Gerry Anderson in 1969. All of the vehicles and clothing bearing the logo of the series' secret organisation SHADO used the font, in addition to the main titles. Eurostile was also used in the title of television shows such as "Ironside", "Adam-12," "Star Trek Enterprise" and can be found in several video games such as "Homeworld," "Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon," "Tekken," "Splinter Cell," and "Driv3r." The extended font was used in the logo of the 1999 Kids' Choice Awards. Eurostile Extended variant is used in the title of Nickelodeon's "Drake & Josh".
Sports television, in particular, has made significant use of Eurostile; Fox Sports, NFL Network, Comcast Sportsnet and Versus all use or have used the font for its on-screen information, with Comcast Sportsnet, Versus and Speed (a Fox Sports-owned channel) using it as recently as late 2011. As of fall 2011, Eurostile is not currently used by any nationwide sports broadcaster, having been superseded by other, narrower typefaces.
Other variations of Eurostile are usually seen on Japanese television stations. One variation makes the tail of the "1" straight to the border of the paper, and one variation also curves or shortens small sections of the numbers "1" (shortened tail), "2", "5", "6", and "9" slightly. These variations could be used interchangeably with each other.
Eurostile is also used by "Rage", a music video show on the ABC Australia television network, as the song title and artist name information.
Eurostle is used on the logo of ABS-CBN S+A.
Film.
Eurostile, particularly Eurostile Bold Extended, is used extensively in "", particularly for HAL 9000. It is also featured in the 2009 science fiction film "Moon."
Automobiles.
Eurostile is also used on most FIA GT cars for the car numbers. It is also often used on the sides of British police vehicles for signwriting. Eurostile Bold was the typeface of choice for the instruments in the majority of Volkswagen's passenger cars from the introduction of the mk2 Golf to approximately halfway through the production run of the mk3.
This font has also been used by Lotus Cars as name decals on their range of 70s cars up to the mid 80s. Examples are the europa, elite, éclat and the esprit. The labels used both internally and externally used a tight outline font with the letters overlapping each other by approximately one fifth. The same overlapped outline style was also use by Matra Simca during the 70s on it bagheera model. Daihatsu also used the Eurostile branding font for its corporate logo from 1970s to 1990s.
Logos.
Eurostile is a corporate branding font for Toshiba and Diadora. The retail version was authorized by Toshiba Europe GmbH to URW, where Eurostile Black OT was sold. Eurostile Extended Bold is used in the CASIO and Roland Corporation JUNO logos. Eurostile is also used for the logo of Rotarex, Colgan Air, Roadcycling.com, Roadcycling.mobi, and the Eurovision Song Contest. The NBA's San Antonio Spurs use Eurostile in their logos. In the 1970's and 1980's, Eurostile was the font for the Tandy Corporation. The Daihatsu corporate logo was also used the Eurostile font. Dekoron Wire & Cable, LLC uses Eurostile for their company logo.
Currency.
Eurostile is used in Canadian Journey series of Canadian dollar bank notes.
Video games.
Eurostile Extended 2 is used as the cutscene subtitles in the "Star Wars" videogames, ' and '. The condensed variant of Eurostile by URW is used in all interface texts of the MMORPG "". Eurostile is also used in the title of the game "Homeworld" and "Homeworld 2". The "StarCraft" series also use Eurostile.
Eurostile was used in as the main font style of the game, including the Picus Network tablet papers.
The font is also used as the main style for Final Fantasy XIII and its sequel.
In recent installments of "Ratchet & Clank", Eurostile is used for most of the text in the game.
One of the main fonts used in "".
Eurostile is also used in various "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six" games, notably ' and '.
Eurostile was used as one of the main interface fonts in ' and '.
It was also used as the main font with a couple variations in the 2013 third-person shooter game "".
"" uses Eurostile for the Multiplayer User interface.

</doc>
<doc id="2891483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891483" title="Beaverbrook Art Gallery">
Beaverbrook Art Gallery

The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada. It is named after Max Aitken, Lord Beaverbrook, who funded the building of the gallery. Beaverbrook had spent his childhood and youth in New Brunswick and after he became a wealthy press baron in England he made many gifts to the province. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery, which opened in 1959 when its founder was 80 years old, was to be the last of these gifts. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is New Brunswick's officially designated provincial art gallery.
Edifice.
In 1954 Lord Beaverbrook made an offer to Hugh John Flemming, the Premier of New Brunswick, to build and stock an art gallery in Fredericton. The Province accepted the proposal, and provided him with a site directly across from the New Brunswick Legislative Building on the southern bank of the Saint John River. Neil Stewart, of the Fredericton architectural firm Howell & Stewart, designed the mid-century modern building. The flat-roofed single-storey building is faced with pale semi-glazed brick. It has a granite base, with cornices and a frieze of white marble quarried at Philipsburg, Quebec. The original exhibition space consisted of one high-ceilinged central gallery with a square gallery on either side. 
In 1983 the building was expanded with the addition of east and west wings. These additions, funded by Marguerite Vaughan and the Beaverbrook Canadian Foundation respectively, housed the Hosmer Pillow Vaughan collection of china and other decorative arts, and the Sir Max Aitken Gallery. In 1995 another expansion housing the Marion McCain Atlantic Gallery was opened. Its name honours the late wife of New Brunswick businessman Harrison McCain, who contributed $1,000,000 to the project.
The Collection.
Lord Beaverbrook's collection.
The gallery opened with a collection of more than 300 paintings, mostly British, that had been assembled by Lord Beaverbrook. Most of the works had been purchased by Beaverbrook himself, with the assistance of advisors including Sir Alec Martin, managing director of Christie's, W.G. Constable, curator of the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, and Lady Dunn, the widow of the industrialist and art collector Sir James Dunn. Lady Dunn became Lady Beaverbrook when the two were married in 1963, a year before his death. 
In 1954, Lord Beaverbrook had set up the Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation, a charitable foundation one of whose objects was "the purchasing for or providing funds for the purchase by libraries museums or art galleries in the Province New Brunswick... of books manuscripts papers letters periodicals maps paintings prints statuary and other documents or works of art..." Beaverbrook gave the paintings he had already acquired to the Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation, and subsequent purchases of works for the Gallery were made by the Foundation.
According to contemporary news reports the total value of the collection was $2,100,000. It included works by J. M. W. Turner, John Constable, Thomas Gainsborough, Joshua Reynolds, Edwin Henry Landseer and other 18th and 19th century British artists. Beaverbrook had also acquired works by contemporary artists with whom he was personally acquainted, including Augustus John, William Orpen, and Graham Sutherland. Acting on the advice of Le Roux Smith Le Roux, he bought several paintings from the 1955 "Daily Express" Young Artists Exhibition, which Le Roux had organized. These included Lucian Freud's "Hotel Bedroom", which won second prize in the exhibition. 
In addition to Lord Beaverbrook's own acquisitions, the Gallery had received two major donations of artworks before its opening. Toronto businessman James Boylen donated 22 paintings by Cornelius Krieghoff. Lady Dunn donated three portraits by Walter Sickert and three works by Salvador Dali. Two of the Dali paintings were portraits of Lord and Lady Dunn, while the third was the very large painting "Santiago El Grande", which was on display in the central gallery when the Beaverbrook Art Gallery opened and has become closely identified with the Gallery. This painting, which measures , and represents Spain's patron saint James the Great on a white horse, had been created for the Spanish Pavilion at the 1958 Brussels World's Fair. 
The Permanent collection.
In 2012 there were 3600 items in the gallery's permanent collection, which is made up of four separate collection areas: The British Collection, The Canadian Collection, the International Collection, and the New Brunswick Collection. The core of the The British Collection is the original Beaverbrook collection with which the gallery opened. In the Canadian Collection, the gallery hosts an extensive collection of 19th- and 20th-century Canadian artists such as the Group of Seven, Emily Carr, David Milne and Jean-Paul Riopelle. Within the Canadian Collection there is an emphasis on work from the Atlantic region, and the gallery has extensive holdings of work by Christopher Pratt, Bruno Bobak, and Jack Humphrey. among others. The International Collection contains representative works from the fourteenth to the twentieth centuries. The Hosmer Pillow Vaughan Collection of Continental fine and decorative art forms part of the International Collection. In 1994 The Beaverbrook Art Gallery was designated the provincial art gallery of New Brunswick. A separate New Brunswick Collection was established to ensure a comprehensive historical survey of New Brunswick art, including work by Acadian, Maliseet, and Mi'kmaq artists. 
The TD Sculpture Garden.
In 2009 a sculpture garden was inaugurated adjacent to the Gallery. The first sculpture to be commissioned was "The Birth of Venus" by New Brunswick Acadian artist André Lapointe. In 2012 the Gallery received a $300,000 donation from TD Bank Group to support the initiative, which was named the TD Sculpture Garden. 
Sculptures by Jonathan Kenworthy ("The Leopard") and Marie-Hélène Allain ("Awakening/Éveil") have been on display on the lawns in front of the Gallery since 1985. 
Ownership disputes.
A dispute arose in 2003 between the Gallery and the Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation over custody of the paintings Lord Beaverbrook had purchased for the collection. This was followed by a second dispute between the Gallery and the Beaverbrook Canadian Foundation over paintings that had been donated to the Gallery by Lady Beaverbrook (formerly Lady Dunn). The foundations proposed to take back and sell some of the most valuable works in the collection to raise funds for their charitable activities. The Beaverbrook Art Gallery maintained that it had received permanent custody of the works, citing the wishes of Lord Beaverbrook himself at the time of the gallery's creation.
The Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation.
Since the Beaverbrook Art Gallery's opening, the Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation had paid the insurance premiums on 133 paintings that Lord Beaverbrook had donated through the Foundation. In 2002 the Foundation hired Sotheby's to obtain a current valuation of the insured works, which the Gallery's director had valued at $7.6 million in Canadian funds in 2000. Sotheby's found that the collection had a value of ₤35 million, nearly $90 million in Canadian funds. Turner's 1834 painting "The Fountain of Indolence" alone was estimated to be worth between $16.7 million and $25 million, and Freud's "Hotel Bedroom" between $5.2 million and $8.4 million in Canadian funds. 
This large increase in value would entail a corresponding rise in the cost to the Foundation of insuring the works, and would in turn reduce the amount the Foundation could devote to its charitable causes in England. In 2003 the Foundation, which was headed by Lord Beaverbrook's grandson Maxwell Aitken, proposed to take back and sell the two most valuable paintings, "The Fountain of Indolence" and "Hotel Bedroom". It would use the proceeds to pay the considerably reduced insurance premiums on the remaining works and to fund its causes in England. The Foundation would give the Gallery $5 million for its endowment fund, and guarantee that the remaining works would stay in the Gallery for at least the following ten years. This would have required the Gallery's Board of Directors to acknowledge that the paintings belonged to the Foundation, which they refused to do. In July 2004 the two parties submitted the case to arbitration under the New Brunswick Arbitration Act, agreeing that the case should be heard by retired Supreme Court of Canada justice Peter Cory.
The dispute proceeded to arbitration, and a ruling was handed down on 26 March 2007. Of the 133 disputed paintings, 85 were ruled as being gifts from the original Lord Beaverbrook, while 48 paintings were to be returned to the custody of the Beaverbrook U.K. Foundation. Justice Cory also ruled that the Foundation should pay $4.8 million in costs.The Foundation appealed the decision and a panel of three retired Canadian judges heard the appeal. On 9 September 2009 the panel confirmed the original ruling dividing the paintings between the two parties. "The Fountain of Indolence" and "Hotel Bedroom" were among the works that stayed in the possession of the Gallery. 
The Beaverbrook Canadian Foundation.
The second dispute involves the Beaverbrook Canadian Foundation's claim to ownership of 78 works that had been donated by Lady Dunn (later Lady Beaverbrook) personally or by the Dunn Foundation. After Lord Beaverbrook's death in 1964, his widow denied that the paintings belonged to the Gallery and proposed to withdraw them from the collection. In 1970 the Beaverbrook Canadian Foundation, then chaired by Sir Max Aitken, arranged to purchase the paintings from her for a total of $250,000. This was done at the request of Wallace Bird, the Chair of the Gallery's Board of Directors and Lieutenant-Governor of the province, in order to keep them in the custody of the Gallery. The dispute between the Gallery and the Canadian Foundation is unresolved.

</doc>
<doc id="2891489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891489" title="Censorship in South Asia">
Censorship in South Asia

Censorship in South Asia can apply to books, movies, the Internet and other media. Censorship occurs on religious, moral and political grounds, which is controversial in itself as the latter especially is seen as contrary to the tenets of democracy, in terms of freedom of speech and the right to freely criticise the government.
Censorship by country.
Bangladesh.
In June 2006, the government of Bangladesh issued a restraining order preventing Sigma Huda, U.N. special rapporteur on trafficking in persons, from leaving the country to deliver a key report on trafficking before the Human Rights Council in Geneva on June 11, 2007. The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour, 2007, asked Bangladesh to clarify corruption charges against a U.N. human rights investigator, which will prevent her from addressing the main U.N. rights body. The Coalition Against Trafficking in Women issued a statement calling this "an outrage and a violation of her right to freedom of movement and freedom of speech".
Selective blocking of web sites for brief periods has been reported, including:
Later these blocks were removed. 
Several books of the Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin have been banned in Bangladesh and West Bengal.
India.
Several books critical of religion have been banned in India or in parts of India as a precautionary measure to prevent riots or other form of violence. India was the second country in the world to ban "The Satanic Verses" by Salman Rushdie. The book "Understanding Islam through Hadis" by Ram Swarup was also banned.
India is listed as engaged in selective Internet filtering in the conflict/security and Internet tools areas and no evidence of filtering was found in the political and social areas by the OpenNet Initiative (ONI) in May 2007. ONI states that:
As a stable democracy with strong protections for press freedom, India’s experiments with Internet filtering have been brought into the fold of public discourse. The selective censorship of Web sites and blogs since 2003, made even more disjointed by the non-uniform responses of Internet service providers (ISPs), has inspired a clamor of opposition. Clearly government regulation and implementation of filtering are still evolving. … Amidst widespread speculation in the media and blogosphere about the state of filtering in India, the sites actually blocked indicate that while the filtering system in place yields inconsistent results, it nevertheless continues to be aligned with and driven by government efforts. Government attempts at filtering have not been entirely effective, as blocked content has quickly migrated to other Web sites and users have found ways to circumvent filtering. The government has also been criticized for a poor understanding of the technical feasibility of censorship and for haphazardly choosing which Web sites to block. The amended IT Act, absolving intermediaries from being responsible for third-party created content, could signal stronger government monitoring in the future.
Pakistan.
The OpenNet Initiative listed Internet filtering in Pakistan as substantial in the social and conflict/security areas, as selective in the Internet tools area, and as suspected in the political area in December 2010.
In late 2010 Pakistanis enjoyed unimpeded access to most sexual, political, social, and religious content on the Internet. Although the Pakistani government does not employ a sophisticated blocking system, a limitation which has led to collateral blocks on entire domains such as Blogspot.com and YouTube.com, it continues to block Web sites containing content it considers to be blasphemous, anti-Islamic, or threatening to internal security. Pakistan has blocked access to websites critical of the government.
In early March 2006, the government temporarily had all websites hosted at the popular blogging service Blogger.com blocked. Millions of websites from all over the world are hosted at blogspot, along with thousands of Pakistani ones. This step by the government is possibly due to the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy, as some blogspot websites put up copies of the cartoons.
Sri Lanka.
Sri Lanka is listed as a country "under surveillance" by Reporters Without Borders in 2011.
Several political and news websites, including tamilnet.com and lankanewsweb.com, have been blocked within the country. Tamilnet has been producing news about the Sri Lankan civil war, focusing in the north and the east of the country, and is seen by the government as a Pro-LTTE news website. A government spokesman has said that he is looking to hire hackers to disable Tamilnet.
The Sri Lanka courts have ordered hundreds of adult sites blocked to "protect women and children".
In October and November 2011 the Sri Lankan Telecommunication Regulatory Commission blocked the five websites, www.lankaenews.com, srilankamirror.com, srilankaguardian.com, paparacigossip9.com, and www.lankawaynews.com, for what the government alleges as publishing reports that amount to "character assassination and violating individual privacy" and damaging the character of President Mahinda Rajapaksa, ministers and senior government officials. The five sites have published material critical of the government and alleged corruption and malfeasance by politicians.
See also.
"All films banned as rated as "Adults Only" in Sri Lanka from August 2009.
"Aksharaya" By Asoka Handagama in Sri Lanka from 2008."*Salman Rushdie

</doc>
<doc id="2891491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891491" title="False light">
False light

False light is a legal term that refers to a tort concerning privacy that is similar to the tort of defamation. The privacy laws in the United States include a non-public person's right to privacy from publicity which puts them in a false light to the public; which is balanced against the First Amendment right of free speech. 
False light differs from defamation primarily in being intended "to protect the plaintiff's mental or emotional well-being" rather than protect a plaintiff's reputation as is the case with the tort of defamation and in being about the impression created rather than being about true or false. If a publication of information is false, then a tort of defamation might have occurred. If that communication is not technically false but is still misleading then a tort of false light might have occurred.
"The specific elements of the Tort of FALSE LIGHT vary considerably even among those jurisdictions which do recognize this Tort. Generally, these elements consist of the following: 
Some U.S. state courts have ruled that false-light lawsuits brought under their states' laws must be rewritten as defamation lawsuits; these courts generally base their opinion on the premises that "a") any publication or statement giving rise to a false-light claim will also give rise to a defamation claim, such that the set of statements creating false light is necessarily, although not by definition, entirely within the set of statements constituting defamation; and "b") the standard of what would be "highly offensive" or "embarrassing" to a reasonable person is much more difficult to apply than is the state's standard for defamation, such that the potential penalties for violating the former standard would have an unconstitutional or otherwise unacceptable chilling effect on the media. However, "most states do allow false light claims to be brought, even where a defamation claim would suffice." Roughly two-thirds of states do not recognize the false light claim. The ones that do will not allow a plaintiff to sue for both false light and defamation.

</doc>
<doc id="2891492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891492" title="Rhino Bucket">
Rhino Bucket

Rhino Bucket is a hard rock band from Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California.
History.
The band was formed in February 1988 by Georg Dolivo (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Reeve Downes (bass guitar, backing vocals) and Greg Fields (lead guitar, backing vocals). This lineup played the Los Angeles rock scene for a year with contemporaries such as Junkyard and The Four Horsemen. Warner Brothers signed the band in 1989 and they released their self-titled debut album in 1990 with Liam Jason AKA Jackie Enx from Warrior on drums. 
Their second album, 1992's "Get Used To It", was written and recorded in Memphis with producer Terry Manning. The album contained "Ride With Yourself" which was featured in the hit movie and multi platinum soundtrack "Wayne's World". In 1993, drummer Simon Wright (AC/DC, Dio) joined the band and appeared on the 1994 album "Pain". The band continued extensive touring, but by 1996 the band went on what turned out to be an extended hiatus.
Rhino Bucket reformed in 2001 with Brian "Damage" Forsythe from Kix joining the original lineup of Dolivo,Downes and Enx on lead guitar replacing the departing Fields (aka Fidelman) who had gone on to a successful producing and engineering career. The band worked on a few movie soundtracks including the pot cult film "Rolling Kansas" and the title song for the movie "The Outdoorsmen - Blood, Sweat & Beers". Again the band became a fixture on a now quite different L.A. rock scene.
In April 2006 Rhino Bucket released "And Then It Got Ugly" and then proceeded to tour with like minded friends "Broken Teeth", The Supersuckers and Kix. 2007 saw the release of two new CDs "Pain & Suffering" and "No Song Left Behind". The former is an enhanced (5 new tracks) of their 1994 album "Pain", while the latter is a compilation of un-released songs and live performances. In July of the same year Simon Wright reunited with the band at the Rocklahoma festival. Rhino Bucket released "The Hardest Town" in May 2009 with Wright behind the kit. The band was also featured on "The Wrestler" soundtrack and album during this time. In 2010 the band returned to Europe for the first time in over 15 years with a 45 date tour that travelled to 14 countries. 
Rhino Bucket released their sixth studio album "Who's Got Mine?" in January 2011 to enthusiastic reviews by both press and fans. The band then embarked on two European tours making 71 appearances most notably at the Sweden Rock Festival where they played for over 10,000 fans. A 31 show American tour followed in the Summer and Fall. 
Having recently completed a 48 city tour of Europe in support of their latest release, a live album entitled "Sunrise on Sunset" (2013), Rhino Bucket is currently playing select dates in America while working on their newest record. A 32 show tour of Europe has been announced commencing in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2891499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891499" title="Joseph Mazzello">
Joseph Mazzello

Joseph Francis Mazzello III (born September 21, 1983) is an American actor, known for his roles as Tim Murphy in "Jurassic Park", Eugene Sledge in the HBO miniseries "The Pacific", and Dustin Moskovitz in "The Social Network".
Early life.
Mazzello was born in Rhinebeck, New York, and raised in Hyde Park, New York, the son of Virginia (née Strong) and Joseph Mazzello, Jr., who owned a performing arts school. He has one older sister, Mary Mazzello, and a younger brother, John Mazzello, who have both appeared in films. He is of three eighths Italian, as well as Polish, Irish, and German, descent. Mazzello went to Catholic school Our Lady of Lourdes. He is an alumnus of the University of Southern California, entering the USC School of Cinematic Arts in 2001 following a recommendation letter of director Steven Spielberg. Mazzello paid for the course with his salary for a small appearance in "" (1997), something the actor jokingly referred as "my graduation present from Spielberg".
Career.
Mazzello's most notable roles were as Douglas Gresham in "Shadowlands" and Tim Murphy in "Jurassic Park", both in 1993, Dexter in the 1995 film "The Cure", and "Sledgehammer" Eugene Sledge in the HBO miniseries "The Pacific". In 2010, Mazzello played Dustin Moskovitz, one of the co-founders of Facebook in the David Fincher-directed film "The Social Network".
Mazzello's directorial debut was made with the film "Matters of Life and Death" in which he also stars; the cast includes David Strathairn (with whom he has worked in "The Sensation of Sight", "The River Wild", and "Simon Birch"), Daniel Gillies and Rachael Leigh Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="2891524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891524" title="Leroy Colquhoun">
Leroy Colquhoun

Leroy Colquhoun (born March 1, 1980) is a Jamaican sprinter. He won a silver medal in 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2003 IAAF World Indoor Championships and a gold medal in the same event at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
Colquhoun ran track collegiately at Louisiana State University.
Before starting his sprinting career he attended trials for the Jamaica national bobsled team.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="2891531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891531" title="Arques-la-Bataille">
Arques-la-Bataille

Arques-la-Bataille is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in north-western France.
Geography.
Arques is situated near the confluence of the rivers Eaulne, Varenne and Béthune, with the forest of Arques to the north-east. It lies southeast of Dieppe at the junction of the D23, D154 and D56 roads.
Main sights.
The center houses a castle dominating the town, which was built in the 11th century by William of Talou; his nephew, William the Conqueror, regarding it as a menace to his own power, besieged and occupied it. After frequently changing hands, it came into the possession of the English, who were expelled in 1449 after an occupation of thirty years. In 1589, its cannon decided the battle of Arques in favor of Henry IV.
Since 1869, the castle has been state property. The first line of fortification was the work of Francis I; the second line and the donjon date back to the 11th century. 
The church of Arques, a building of the 16th century, preserves a stone rood screen, statuary, stained glass and other relics of the Renaissance period.
Just outside the town is the World War I Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery, designed by J R Truelove, the final resting place of 377 men of the South African Native Labour Corps.

</doc>
<doc id="2891562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891562" title="José González Gallo">
José González Gallo

José de Jesús González Gallo (1900 – 1957) was a Mexican lawyer and politician who served as Governor of Jalisco.
González Gallo was born in Yahualica, Jalisco, to Felipe González Vallejo and Josefina Gallo. He studied elementary school in his hometown Yahualica but later moved to Guadalajara where he pursued graduate studies in law. He worked for the judicial branch of government of Jalisco occupying different positions, he served as judge in Jalostotitlán and Teocaltiche, secretary of the supreme court of justice and criminal and civil judge in Guadalajara.
A member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), González Gallo was appointed by President Manuel Ávila Camacho as secretary of the Presidency of the Republic. From 1947 to 1953 he served as Governor of Jalisco. While in office, González Gallo commissioned various modernization projects in Guadalajara, Chapala, Tlaquepaque, Zapopan, and his native Yahualica. Among these projects were the construction of more than 600 schools, miles of highways and roads, and the founding of the Instituto Tecnológico de Guadalajara. In the shift toward the modernization of Jalisco, Gonzalez Gallo administration destroyed many valuable buildings so many beautiful historical houses were lost . Today, there are many streets and a main avenue in Guadalajara named after him. He married and had 8 children, 4 women named Paz, Adriana, Marcela, and Cecilia and 4 men named Jesus, Alejandro, Fernando y Federico
González Gallo died in a car accident in August 1957. The municipality of Yahualica de González Gallo in Jalisco is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2891566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891566" title="Flicker Film Festival">
Flicker Film Festival

Flicker Film Festival is an ongoing film festival that happens in many cities around the world. This non-competitive film screening series is dedicated to giving local filmmakers an outlet and forum for their Super 8 and 16 mm short films.

</doc>
<doc id="2891569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891569" title="Requirements contract">
Requirements contract

A requirements contract is a contract in which one party agrees to supply as much of a good or service as is required by the other party, and in exchange the other party expressly or implicitly promises that it will obtain its goods or services exclusively from the first party. For example, a grocery store might enter into a contract with the farmer who grows oranges under which the farmer would supply the grocery store with as many oranges as the store could sell. The farmer could sue for breach of contract if the store were thereafter to purchase oranges for this purpose from any other party. The converse of this situation is an output contract, in which one buyer agrees to purchase however much of a good or service the seller is able to produce.
Problems.
Consideration.
Several problems typically arise with requirements contracts. The first is consideration. There would technically be no breach of the contract if the buyer bought nothing because the buyer is agreeing to buy only as much as the buyer needs. In the above example, the grocery store might void its obligation to buy from the farmer by deciding not to carry oranges. Courts generally sidestep the concern that the buyer is not actually required to buy anything by noting that the contract is nonetheless the surrender of the "right" to buy from another party. Put simply, "he buyer under a requirements contract does not promise to buy as much as she desires to buy but, rather, to buy as much as she needs". However, such a contract would likely be deemed illusory if the buyer reserved the right to buy from other parties.
Defined terms.
Another problem is the lack of a defined term. Contracts must have terms that are sufficiently defined for a court to be able to determine where a breach has occurred. It would be difficult to determine whether the buyer in a requirements contract is falsely claiming that his needs are lower than they actually are as a ploy to achieve a renegotiation or rescission of the contract. Conversely, if market conditions make the contract price a windfall for the buyer, that buyer may decide to buy more than it actually needs in order to go into competition against the seller. Courts often look to the history of dealings between the parties and to the standards within the industry to determine if the buyer is acting in bad faith for breach of contract actions on requirements contracts.
Until fairly recently, requirements contracts were deemed void under the law of France for lack of defined terms under Articles 1129 and 1583 of the French Civil Code. In Belgium, by contrast, court decisions have consistently held such contracts to be valid, despite the Belgian Civil Code having language identical to that of France. In the context of transactions in goods, most jurisdictions in the United States apply Section 2-306(1) of the Uniform Commercial Code, which imposes a good faith limitation on purchases under a requirements contract. The Code states:
Simply put, this means that a requirements contract for goods is valid, but might not be enforced if the buyer makes demands that are unreasonable compared to either prior estimates or industry standards. The Uniform Commercial Code does not apply to sales of services.
Antitrust concerns.
Finally, antitrust concerns sometimes arise because a requirements contract prohibits the buyer from doing business in a particular commodity with a party other than the seller. This may create an exclusive dealing arrangement which gives the seller monopoly power over the buyer, preventing the buyer from seeking a better deal if the market becomes more competitive. Conversely, a buyer able to generate sufficient demand can absorb all of the seller's output, effectively removing that seller from competing on the open market. Requirements contracts have nevertheless been upheld in the face of challenges on antitrust grounds. Robert Bork, in "The Antitrust Paradox", examines requirements contracts and contends that they are not anticompetitive precisely because they are a product of freedom of contract. He argues that no one would sign a requirements contract with a seller in the first place unless that seller offered a better deal than its competitors, and a better deal could only be offered by a more competitive seller. Bork concludes, "he truth appears that there never has been a case in which exclusive dealing or requirements contracts were shown to injure competition".

</doc>
<doc id="2891574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891574" title="Rhondda East (UK Parliament constituency)">
Rhondda East (UK Parliament constituency)

Rhondda East was a parliamentary constituency which returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons to the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1918 until 1974. Along with Rhondda West it was formed by dividing the old Rhondda constituency.
History.
Rhondda East was for a time a heartland of the Communist Party of Great Britain, who formed the main opposition on the Council. For a time, Annie Powell was the only Communist mayor in Britain. Harry Pollitt, General Secretary of the CPGB, narrowly failed to win the seat in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="2891575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891575" title="Blanka Vlašić">
Blanka Vlašić

Blanka Vlašić () (born 8 November 1983) is a Croatian athlete who specialises in the high jump. She is the Croatian record holder in the event, and the former indoor World Champion. The daughter of Croatian decathlon record holder Joško Vlašić, she was a talented junior athlete and attended her first Olympic Games in 2000 Sydney at the age of sixteen. She won the World Junior Championships in Athletics in both 2000 and 2002. Vlašić broke her national record in 2004 and also won her first world senior medal at the World Indoor Championships that year. A hyperthyroid condition hindered her second Olympic appearance in Athens and she spent the 2005 season recuperating from surgery.
She returned in 2006, taking the silver at the World Indoor Championships. The 2007 season signalled a strong run of form: she won at the 2007 World Championships, became the indoor world champion in 2008 and her winning streak came to an end with a narrow loss at the Beijing Olympics, where she took silver. She became World Champion for a second time in 2009. She ranks second in the all-time high jump rankings, behind Stefka Kostadinova. Her awards also including the IAAF World Athlete of the Year 2010 and European Athlete of the Year Trophy (2007,2010).
Early life.
Blanka Vlašić was born on 8 November 1983 in Split, Croatia. From a young age, it was natural for her to be involved in sports: her mother Venera was a seasoned amateur in basketball and cross country skiing while her father, Joško Vlašić, was an international athlete who broke the Croatian record in the decathlon. Her father brought her to the track while he practised and she dreamed of becoming a professional sprinter. As she grew up she tried a number of sports but found that the high jump was particularly well-suited to her tall and slender frame. Vlašić shunned the idea of competing in more profitable sports, such as basketball, saying that she preferred the thrill of individual sports. She reached the international standard for a high jumper at an early age, setting a personal best of 1.80 metres at fifteen years of age and quickly improving to 1.93 m at sixteen.
Junior career.
Accordingly, she had an early start in international competition: she competed at the inaugural World Youth Championships, finishing eighth, and represented her country for the first time at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. Although the Olympics showed that she was not ready to compete at the senior level, she proved herself to be more than proficient at the junior level by winning the 2000 World Junior Championships with a jump of 1.91 m. She was a regular competitor at senior athletics meetings and was steadily improving, qualifying for further top-level senior events. Vlašić finished sixth at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton with a mark of 1.94 m, a result which led the IAAF's Ed Gordon to mark her out as a future star in the event. She rounded off the year by winning her first senior gold medal at an international tournament, taking first place at the 2001 Mediterranean Games.
The results of Vlašić's final year as a junior showed further development as a high jumper. She set a new indoor best of 1.92 m at the 2002 European Indoor Championships and was the favourite to win the 2002 World Juniors. She won the competition by a margin of nine centimetres, setting a new personal best of 1.96 m and attempting the symbolic two metres height. She failed to pass the bar but remained pleased with her achievements: "This was the first time I tried the 2-metre mark. That would have been a bonus. Today what matters is the gold. I am very happy I retained my world junior title". At the final major event of the season, the European Championships, she could not repeat her previous form and finished in fifth place. Nevertheless, at the end of the year she was ranked in the top ten high jumpers in the world for the season.
Rising contender.
The start to the 2003 athletics season was promising – she set a new personal best in Linz with a jump of 1.98 m and finished fourth at the World Indoor Championships ten days later, her highest finish in a major world tournament. June and July yielded further progress, jumping 1.98 m again and improving to 1.99 m to win her first IAAF Golden League event at the Gaz de France. Days later, she jumped the two metres height for the first time on home soil at the IAAF Grand Prix Zagreb. Although Hestrie Cloete won the competition overall, Vlašić's defeat of the psychological barrier and improved personal best was the highlight of the meeting and Cloete praised the young athlete's performance. Vlašić took gold at the 2003 European Athletics Under-23 Championships, and then she improved her best by another centimetre at the Zürich Grand Prix which qualified her for the World Championships and the first IAAF World Athletics Final. Despite such previous highs, her season ended on a low note as she failed to win a medal at either the World Championships (finishing seventh with 1.95 m) or the Athletics Final in Paris (ending up fourth with 1.96 m). Although she had failed to reach the podium at the major championships, only three athletes managed to jump higher than her personal and season's best of 2.01 m in 2003.
National record and health problems.
Vlasic started the season well with a bronze medal performance at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships in March. She regularly reached the podium at meetings in the outdoor season and won the 2004 national championships. A Croatian record breaking jump of 2.03 m in Ljubljana put her in good stead for the 2004 Athens Olympics. However, when she competed at the Olympic high jump final she only managed eleventh place with a jump of 1.89 m. Following this, Vlašić did not compete for almost a year: she admitted that she was feeling lethargic and shortly afterwards she was diagnosed with a hyperthyroid condition.
Surgery and recovery ruled out the vast majority of the 2005 athletics season and she only managed to make two competitive appearances. A best of 1.95 m guaranteed her victory at the national championships, but her jump of 1.88 m was not enough to progress into the finals of the 2005 World Championships.
Although her poor health had spoiled her medals chances at the two major championships of 2004 and 2005, Vlašić came back fully recovered and stronger in the 2006 season. She raised her indoor best to 2.05 m (a national record) at a meet in Banská Bystrica in February, and took silver at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Although she was beaten to the gold medal by Yelena Slesarenko, she remained positive: "Of course I wanted to win. But when I remember that I was in hospital one year ago it is great." The 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg proved to be a bittersweet experience: she cleared 2.01 m to finish in fourth place, behind Tia Hellebaut, Venelina Veneva and Kajsa Bergqvist. This was the best-ever non-medal winning jump, and bronze medallist Bergqvist had also finished with 2.01 m but had managed it in fewer attempts. Vlašić capped the season off with an appearance at the 2006 World Athletics Final but withdrew from the competition after her third jump, finishing sixth.
World and Olympic competition.
Although she recorded an indoor season's best of 2.01 m in February, she failed to repeat her previous season's indoor form and finished fifth at the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships (later upgraded to fourth after Venelina Veneva tested positive for banned substances).
During the 2007 season, Vlašić jumped over two metres in seventeen of her nineteen outdoor competitions, along with several close attempts at a would-be world record of 2.10 m.
Vlašić also won eighteen out of nineteen outdoor competitions, with her only loss coming early in the season at the first Golden League meeting in Oslo. As the women's high jump was a jackpot event this year, had Vlašić won here, she would have won (along with Russian Pole Vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva and American sprinter Sanya Richards) a share of the Golden League jackpot ($1,000,000).
Vlašić's consistency over two metres, and consistency at the first attempt, this season, put her as a firm favourite to challenge for honours at August's World Championships and she proved the expectations had been right. She became a world champion with a jump of 2.05 m.
In early October, Vlašić was named female European Athlete of the Year by the European Athletic Association after the combined votes of a panel of experts, a group of journalists and the public. She is the first Croatian athlete and the first high jumper to win this award.
From Beijing Olympics to Berlin World Championships.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, held in Beijing, Vlašić won the silver medal, beaten by the Belgian Tia Hellebaut (both cleared 2.05 m, but Vlašić needed one more attempt than Hellebaut). This ended her recent unbeaten streak of 34 competitions. Vlašić's season ended in despair, as she was again beaten on countback in the final leg of the ÅF Golden League series, which ended her chances of winning the $1,000,000 jackpot. Having won the previous 5 Golden League events, she finished Memorial Van Damme meeting in 2nd place to Ariane Friedrich.
August 2009 was a month of highlights for Vlašić as she won gold at the World Championships in Berlin, then set a new personal best at Zagreb.
On 20 August, she won her second World Championship high jump crown, clearing 2.04 m on her second attempt to win gold.
Her personal best came 31 August at a meet at Zagreb, Croatia, her home country. She cleared 2.05 m on her first attempt, thus setting a meet record, then attempted and cleared 2.08 m setting a new personal best and tying the second-best performance of all-time in the event. Her three attempts to set a new world record at 2.10 m failed.
Despite missing some meetings due to a virus in early 2010, further improvements came when she cleared 2.06 m indoors in Arnstadt in February. The victory at the Hochsprung mit Musik meeting brought her to third on the all-time indoor lists.
Blanka won the silver medal in 2011 athletics championships from South Korea.
2012 season.
Vlašić decided to have an operation on her left Achilles tendon in January 2012. Although the operation in itself seemed to have gone well, an infection developed and she had to be re-operated on in April. A slow healing process delayed her preparations for the London Olympics and she had to withdraw. Vlašić did not compete in any other event of the season, therefore missing the whole indoor and outdoor season of 2012.
2013 season.
Vlašić managed to jump 2 meters while working on stabilization of her ankle as she approached the Moscow World championship. Unfortunately she had to withdraw due to fear that she had not yet fully recovered. 
2014 season.
Vlašić finished 6th place at the world indoor championship. 
Personal life.
Vlašić was named after Casablanca, a city where her father competed and won a gold medal at the 1983 Mediterranean Games around the time of her birth.
From the beginning of her career she has been coached by her father, Joško Vlašić and a former high jumper Bojan Marinović.
Blanka is today a member of the ‘Champions for Peace’ club, a group of 54 famous elite athletes committed to serving peace in the world through sport, created by Peace and Sport, a Monaco-based international organization.
In 2013, an organization by the name of "In the name of the family" called for a referendum in Croatia asking that marriage be legally defined as a social union of a man and a woman. Blanka Vlasic has publicly supported this organization, stating that "every family should begin with a man and a woman".

</doc>
<doc id="2891583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891583" title="West Poplar, Saskatchewan">
West Poplar, Saskatchewan

West Poplar is the name given to the Canadian side of a border crossing on the Saskatchewan and Montana border. It is located about three and a half hours southwest of Regina, Saskatchewan. The international border crosses into Valley County, Montana, north of the town of Opheim.

</doc>
<doc id="2891587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891587" title="Chris Snee">
Chris Snee

Christopher Snee (born January 18, 1982) is an American football guard for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Boston College, and was chosen by the Giants in the second round of the 2004 NFL Draft. Snee earned a Super Bowl ring with the Giants in Super Bowl XLII and in Super Bowl XLVI.
Early years.
At Montrose High School, Snee was a two-time all-state selection, and a three-time All-Conference selection. He is believed to be the first NFL player ever to grow up in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania He was named as the Regional Defensive Player of the Year in 1999. He was named Three-time All-Conference choice and a two-year All-Regional honoree. Snee played defense in high school and recorded 47 quarterback sacks in his three years as a starter on the defensive line. He led his team to the district title in both 1997 and 1998. He totaled 101 tackles in his senior season and served as their team captain. Snee was a two-time All-Conference selection and team captain on the school’s basketball team. He played in the 43rd annual Big 33 Football Classic featuring the top players from Pennsylvania and Ohio.
College career.
Snee attended Boston College, where he played for the Boston College Eagles football team. He was a second-team All-America selection and an All-Big East Conference first-team choice by The NFL Draft Report in his final season at Boston College. In 2003, he started every game, including the San Francisco Bowl, at right guard, providing excellent blocking as tailback Derrick Knight ranked fourth in the nation in rushing with 1,721 yards. He started every game at left guard in 2002, helping the team finish third in the Big East in total offense (5,074 yards) and second in passing yards (3,010). Snee was third-team Freshman All-America selection by "Sporting News" in 2001 and was a member of the Big East’s All-Freshman team. He played in nine games, starting the final six contests. He made his first career start vs. Virginia Tech at right tackle before shifting to right guard for the Pittsburgh contest.
Professional career.
New York Giants.
Snee gave up his final year of college eligibility to make himself eligible for the NFL Draft. He made his NFL debut against the Philadelphia Eagles, where he helped Tiki Barber rush for 125 yards on nine carries, including a 72-yard score. He missed the final five games of the season after waking up the morning of the game against the Washington Redskins with an inflamed gland just beneath his jaw. He arrived at the stadium early, but there was no progress in his condition prior to the time the Giants had to submit their list of inactive players. The condition did not improve enough for him to play again in the 2004 NFL season.
As a rookie in 2004, Snee started all 11 games in which he played at right guard, a job he won in training camp. Snee and the line provided enough run blocking for Barber again for him to rush for a then team record 220 yards vs. the Kansas City Chiefs. He also helped blocking against the Oakland Raiders and helped Barber rush for 203 yards, including a team-record 95-yard touchdown. His pass blocking enabled Eli Manning to pass for 3,762 yards, the 5th-highest total in franchise history. Snee also provided enough run blocking for Barber to rush for a franchise record 1,860 yards. He was then selected as a fourth alternate to the NFC Pro Bowl team.
In 2005, Snee started all 16 regular season games and the NFC Wild Card Game at right guard. Against the Washington Redskins, the line allowed one sack and helped the Giants rush for 261 rushing yards, their highest total since they ran for 262 yards on Oct. 30, 2005. In the NFC Wild Card game against the Philadelphia Eagles, the line allowed one sack and provided enough blocking for the Giants to rush for 151 yards on 31 carries. He was later voted as third alternate to the 2006 Pro Bowl. Snee provided enough run blocking for the Giants offense to rush for 2,156 yards, the seventh-highest total in the NFL.
In 2006, Snee started all 16 regular season games and the NFC Wild Card Game at right guard. Against the Atlanta Falcons, the line allowed one sack and provided enough protection for the Giants offense to gain 491 yards of total offense. Snee and the line allowed just four total sacks in a 5-game period from Sept. 30-Oct. 28. In week 17 Snee helped Tiki barber rush for a franchise record 234 yards in a playoff-clinching win against the Washington Redskins. In that game Barber had three runs of 50 yards or more, two of them for touchdowns.
In 2007, Snee started all 16 regular season games and the Giants’ four postseason games. He was an integral part of an offense that helped the Giants score 373 points (the fifth-highest total in franchise history) and compile 321 first downs (the fourth-highest total by a Giants team) and 5,302 yards (seventh in team history). The line’s blocking enabled the Giants to finish fourth in the NFL in rushing yardage with an average of 134.3 yards a game. Snee also enabled the Giants rushed for 289 yards in a playoff-clinching victory against the Buffalo Bills, their highest total in 22 years. He also started every game in which he’s played (59 regular season and six postseason) at right guard. Snee enters the 2008 season with 48 consecutive regular season starts, the third-longest streak on the Giants behind David Diehl (80) and Eli Manning (55).
Snee reportedly signed a new six-year contract extension to remain a Giant through the 2014 season.
The deal has a base salary of $41.25 million and includes $17 million in guarantees. Snee also gets a $13.5 million signing bonus and can earn another $2 million in incentives. $23 million will be available in the first three seasons and his annual base average is $6.875 million.
Snee's strong play in 2008 earned him his first Pro Bowl selection as one of the NFC's starting guards.
Snee was selected to the 2013 Pro Bowl
and had hip surgery after the event.
In October 2013, Snee was put on the injured reserve list and was out for the rest of the season due to an injured hip.
Personal.
Snee is the son of Diane and Ed Snee, and has three brothers, Edward, Daniel and Shaun. He graduated from Montrose Area Jr./Sr. High School in Montrose, PA in 2000. He married Kate Coughlin, daughter of New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin. They have three sons, Dylan, Cooper, and Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="2891589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891589" title="Enste">
Enste

Enste can be a number of things:

</doc>
<doc id="2891590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891590" title="Sir Bani Yas">
Sir Bani Yas

Sir Bani Yas () is a natural island located southwest of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. It lies offshore from Jebel Dhanna, which serves as a crossing point to other islands such as Dalma. Sir Bani Yas is from north to south and from east to west making it the largest natural island in the United Arab Emirates. Located just off the shore of the Western region of Abu Dhabi, Sir Bani Yas island was originally home to Arabia's largest wildlife reserve. Spanning over , the reserve was established in 1971 by the late ruler and founder of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan. Thanks to decades of intensive conservation work and ecological investment, it is now home to thousands of large free-roaming animals and several million trees and plants. A bird sanctuary as well as a wildlife reserve, Sir Bani Yas showcases nature through activities such as adventure safaris, kayaking, mountain biking, archery, hiking and snorkeling.
History.
The name Sir Bani Yas Island originates from the Bani Yas tribe, who first inhabited Abu Dhabi. Sir Bani Yas Island is the crest of a salt dome created millions of years ago by natural geological forces.
The first human settlers arrived several thousand years ago, long before people set foot on what was later to become the United Arab Emirates. Thirty-six archaeological sites have been discovered throughout Sir Bani Yas, each providing a distinct insight into the island's history. One of the oldest sites is the remains of a Nestorian Christian monastery which dates back to 600 AD. Each of these sites has now been carefully covered, to protect them until the time when they can be incorporated into the destination experience.
Sir Bani Yas Island was first mentioned in European literature around 1590, when the Venetian jeweller Gasparo Balbi listed "Sirbeniast" as an island around which pearls were often found. It was also described in some detail during the 1820s and 1850s by British naval officers who were surveying the lower Gulf waters. Over the past two decades Sir Bani Yas Island has been transformed by the late ruler and founder of the United Arab Emirates, Sheikh Zayed. His visionary "Greening of the Desert" programme was designed to help make the deserts more suitable for human settlement, and provided a haven for many of Arabia's endangered wildlife. Under Sheikh Zayed's patronage, several millions trees were planted and numerous animals species introduced to the island, including gazelle, oryx, llama, rhea, giraffe, and ostrich. Once the reserve was established, Sheikh Zayed wanted to share the results with the world; hence it was opened to weekend tourists. These tours soon became so popular that visits would often have to be booked over one year in advance.
In 2007, the Government of Abu Dhabi furthered Sheikh Zayed's legacy by establishing what is today known as the Desert Islands. Innovative new plans brought together Sir Bani Yas Island, neighboring Dalma Island, and six surrounding sandy outcrops into one exotic destination. This is now being developed and is scheduled for completion in 2015.
Wildlife and nature.
Sir Bani Yas Island is home to many diverse members of the animal kingdom, from Arabian oryx, gazelle and deer to giraffes, dolphins and sea turtles. Many of the more than one-hundred individual species of wild birds which can be found on the island are indigenous to the region. The island is home to around 30 species of mammals, including a variety of antelope and one the world’s largest herd of endangered Arabian oryx. The Arabian oryx, a species of antelope, was formerly extinct in the wild, but Sir Bani Yas Island is home to a herd of over 400 who roam freely on the island.
Taking up approximately half the size of Sir Bani Yas Island, the Arabian Wildlife Park is being created to provide an authentic environment for wild animals to freely roam while the island remains an exceptional experience for visitors. The Park will house several thousand animals indigenous to the Arabian Peninsula including the endangered Arabian Oryx, Sand Gazelle and Mountain Gazelle as well as free-roaming predators and scavengers such as the cheetah and hyena.
While research and conservation efforts are a major part in the Park’s current development, a number of exciting wildlife and adventure activities are already available for visitors. This includes game drives, nature trails, mountain biking and exclusive outdoor dining experiences.
Circle of Life
The creation of the Arabian Wildlife Park is an ongoing process; much of it is shared with visitors touring the area. Highlights of the continuing work include:
• Relocation of non-indigenous animals, including Blackbuck, Emu, Gemsbok, Eland and other animals (scheduled for completion in 2009-10).
• Up-skilling of all island guides to provide visitors with in-depth information about breeding and conversation programmes within the Park (ongoing).
• Monitoring of breeding programmes and participation in international conservation organisations breeding programmes for endangered species.
• Re-vegetation: creation of new water holes and grass pastures (ongoing)
• Removal of human interference within the Park, including closing of roads and removal of old irrigation pipes used to set up the greening of the island many years ago (scheduled for completion in late 2009).
• Development of a boundary fence to separate the Arabian Wildlife Park (complete). Removal of all old fences and signs left over from previous breeding on the island (90 per cent complete).
Sir Bani Yas Island is home to many animals that the International Union for Conservation of Nature classifies as critically endangered or vulnerable, including Sea Turtles, Sand Gazelles, Urial sheep, Barbary sheep and Arabian Oryx. Therefore, the island plays a significant role in protecting these animals for future generations. Over the past year, more than 10,000 animals from Sir Bani Yas Island have been released into wildlife reserves such as the one in the Liwa Desert, on the Abu Dhabi mainland. This monumental programme has been carried out in conjunction with the Abu Dhabi Environment Agency.
Outdoor Adventure.
As the heart of the Desert Islands, the island of Sir Bani Yas offers a wide range of nature based activities. One could explore game drives and see some of Arabia's unique and indigenous animals, kayaking through mangrove forests or along the bay near the resort; snorkelling in the protected
Hospitality.
Located adjacent to a lagoon, on the northwest reaches of Sir Bani Yas Island, is the Desert Islands Resort & Spa by Anantara with 64 rooms including six private lodges, the resort is also home to three restaurants, a spa, health club, kids club and business facilities.
Sustainability.
Sir Bani Yas Island is being developed with respect to the island’s nature and delicate ecosystem. The island operates the region’s first wind turbine, which has a production capacity of 850 kilowatts. Currently it is producing energy to power the island’s facilities alongside conventional supply from the national grid. The island also plans to produce power from solar energy.
Historical significance.
The island has a number of significant historical sites, including remnants of Late Stone Age and early Islamic structures. The island is also the location of the only pre-Islamic Christian site to be found in the UAE. The 7th-century Christian church was opened to the public in mid-December 2010. It was discovered in 1992 and has been the focus of archaeological investigation since under a team led by Dr. Joseph Elders. Dr. Elders claims the church was used by Nestorian Christians until about 750 AD. According to Syriac Patriarch Michael it is believed that the church was part of the diocese of Syriac Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="2891596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891596" title="European Volleyball Championship">
European Volleyball Championship

The European Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national teams, currently held biannually and organized by the CEV, the European volleyball federation. There are both men's and women's competitions.
The first European Championships were held in 1948 in Italy (men) and in 1949 in Czechoslovakia (women). The initial gap between championships was variable, but since 1975 they have been held every two years.

</doc>
<doc id="2891599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891599" title="General Electric F414">
General Electric F414

The General Electric F414 is an afterburning turbofan engine in the 22,000-pound (98 kN) thrust class produced by GE Aviation. The F414 originated from GE's widely used F404 turbofan from the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet, enlarged and improved for use in the Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet. The engine was developed from the F412 non-afterburning turbofan planned for the A-12 Avenger II, before it was canceled.
Design and development.
Origins.
GE evolved the F404 into the F412-GE-400 non-afterburning turbofan for the McDonnell Douglas A-12 Avenger II. After the cancellation of the A-12, the research was directed toward an engine for the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet. GE successfully pitched the F414 as a low-risk derivative of the F404, rather than a riskier new engine. In fact, the F414 engine was originally envisioned as not using any materials or processes not used in the F404, and was designed to fit in the same footprint as the F404.
The F414 uses the core of the F412 and its full-authority digital engine control (FADEC), alongside the low-pressure system from the YF120 engine developed for the Advanced Tactical Fighter competition. One of the major differences between the F404 and the F414 is the fan section. The fan of the F414 is larger than that of the F404, but smaller than the fan for the F412. The larger fan section increases airflow by 16% and is longer. To keep the engine in the F404's footprint, the afterburner section was shortened by and the combustor shortened by . Another change from the F404 is the fact that the first three stages of the high pressure compressor are blisks rather than dovetailed blades, saving in weight. Furthermore, the FADEC guided F414 uses a fuel actuated system to manipulate the afterburner section rather than a separate hydraulic system.
Further development.
The F414 continues to be improved, both through internal GE efforts and federally funded development programs. By 2006 GE had tested an Enhanced Durability Engine (EDE) with an advanced core. The EDE engine provided a 15% thrust increase or longer life without the thrust increase. It has a six-stage high-pressure compressor (down from 7 stages in the standard F414) and an advanced high-pressure turbine. The new compressor should be about 3% more efficient. The new high pressure turbine uses new materials and a new way of delivering cooling air to the blades. These changes should increase the turbine temperature capability by about . The EDE is designed to have better foreign object damage resistance, and a reduced fuel burn rate.
The EDE program continued with the testing of an advanced two stage blade-disk (Blisk) fan. The first advanced fan was produced using traditional methods, but future blisk fans will be made using translational friction welding with the goal of reducing manufacturing costs. GE touts that this latest variant yields either a 20% increase in thrust or threefold increase in hot-section durability over the current F414. This version is called the Enhanced Performance Engine (EPE) and was partially funded through the federal Integrated High Performance Turbine Engine Technology (or IHPTET) program.
Other possible F414 improvements include efforts to reduce engine noise by using either mechanical or fluidic chevrons and efforts to reduce emissions with a new trapped vortex combustor. Chevrons would reduce engine noise by inducing mixing between the cooler, slower bypass air and the hotter, faster core exhaust air. Mechanical chevrons would come in the form of triangular cutouts (or extensions) at the end of the nozzle, resulting in a "sharktooth" pattern. Fluidic chevrons would operate by injecting differential air flows around the exhaust to achieve the same ends as the mechanical variety. A new combustor would likely aim to reduce emissions by burning a higher percentage of the oxygen, thereby reducing the amount of oxygen available to bond with nitrogen forming the pollutant NOx.
As of 2009, the F414-EDE is currently being developed and tested, under a United States Navy contract for a reduced specific fuel consumption (SFC) demonstrator engine.
Over 1,000 F414 engines have been delivered and the engine family has totaled over 1 million flight hours by 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="2891601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891601" title="Max Valiquette">
Max Valiquette

Max Valiquette is one of Canada's best known culture and media experts and commentators. A marketer by trade, he was the president of Youthography, a Canadian youth marketing agency, which is where he gained renown. He is now employed by an advertising agency Bensimon Byrne as the Managing Director of Intellectual Property. 
Valiquette is best known as a TV host and commentator and a public speaker. He focuses primarily on media, youth and popular culture, and marketing. He is a regular contributor to CBC Radio and also a featured commentator on the television programme "What's in a Name." He hosted TVOntario's "VoxTalk", a youth-issues talk show, and has appeared everywhere from MuchMusic, to CBC Television and Global TV. He is a speaker on issues pertaining to media and marketing in Canada and around the world, as well as the author of numerous industry articles. He has served three times as Chairperson of Strategy Magazine's "Understanding Youth Conference". He is a former Director of the Board of the Canada Media Fund. 
He previously performed as a sketch comedian in Toronto, including a performance at The Second City. He is a former Central Canadian Debating Champion.
Valiquette was born in Ottawa, Ontario, in 1973. He studied at the University of Ottawa where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 2005, he was named one of Marketing Magazine's 100 Most Influential People in Canadian Communications. 

</doc>
<doc id="2891602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891602" title="1968–69 NHL season">
1968–69 NHL season

The 1968–69 NHL season was the 52nd season of the National Hockey League. Twelve teams each played 76 games (two more than in 1967–68). For the second time in a row, the Montreal Canadiens faced the St. Louis Blues in the Stanley Cup finals. Montreal won their second consecutive Stanley Cup as they swept the Blues in four, an identical result to the previous season.
Regular season.
Prior to this season no player in NHL history had ever achieved 100 points in a season. This season saw not just one player reach 100, but three. The Boston Bruins' Phil Esposito led the way with 49 goals and 77 assists for a new record of 126 points, as well as setting a record with linemates Wayne Cashman and Ron Murphy for most points in a season by a forward line. Bobby Hull of Chicago set a new record for goals with 58 and came in second in overall scoring with 107. Gordie Howe of the Detroit Red Wings came in third with 103 points.
Red Berenson of St. Louis tied an NHL record, scoring six goals for the Blues (all against goaltender Doug Favell) in an 8–0 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on November 7. He became the first player to score a double hat trick on a road game.
Despite finishing last in the West Division, Minnesota was led by rookie left wing Danny Grant, who along with Oakland rookie Norm Ferguson tied Montreal Maroon Nels Stewart's forty-year-old record for most goals by a rookie with 34. 
On December 21, with Gump Worsley out because of a nervous breakdown and Rogie Vachon injured, rookie goaltender Tony Esposito of the Canadiens and Gerry Cheevers of the Bruins hooked up in a rare scoreless tie. Esposito made 41 saves, and Cheevers made 34 saves.
Los Angeles introduced rookie goaltender Gerry Desjardins who took over the starter's job from the ailing Wayne Rutledge, who was bothered by groin injuries most of the season. Desjardins recorded 4 shutouts during the season in helping the Kings make the playoffs and win their first round series over Oakland.
On March 2, Phil Esposito became the first NHL player to score 100 points in a season in a 4–0 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins.
In the March 20th Boston-Chicago game, two milestones were accomplished. Bobby Hull broke his own record for goals with his 55th goal, and Bobby Orr broke Flash Hollett's record for goals by a defenseman with his 21st goal.
This would be the last time until the 1997-98 season that the Chicago Black Hawks missed the playoffs.
The league held a beauty pageant for the first and only time this season, with a contestant from every franchise. Miss Minnesota North Stars Lynn Marie Stewart was named Miss NHL 1968, and was named the NHL "ambassador" for the 1968-69 season, making various appearances and helping to present the Stanley Cup.
Playoffs.
Final.
The Montreal Canadiens swept the St. Louis Blues in a rematch of the 1968 final.
Player statistics.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: GP = Games played, G = Goals, A = Assists, PTS = Points, PIM = Penalties in minutes"
Source: NHL.
Leading goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; Min - Minutes Played; GA = Goals Against; GAA = Goals Against Average; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts"
Debuts.
The following is a list of players of note who played their first NHL game in 1968–69 (listed with their first team, asterisk(*) marks debut in playoffs):
Last games.
The following is a list of players of note that played their last game in the NHL in 1968–69 (listed with their last team):

</doc>
<doc id="2891607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891607" title="Volvo RM12">
Volvo RM12

The Volvo RM12 is a low-bypass afterburning turbofan jet engine developed for the Saab JAS 39 Gripen fighter. A version of the General Electric F404, the RM12 was produced by Volvo Aero (now GKN Aerospace Engine Systems).
Design and development.
Produced by Volvo Aero (now GKN Aerospace Engine Systems), the RM12 is a derivative of the General Electric F404-400. Changes from the standard F404 includes greater reliability for single-engine operations (including more stringent birdstrike protection), increased thrust, and the adoption of a full authority digital engine control (FADEC) system. Several subsystems and components were also redesigned to reduce maintenance demands. The air intakes of the engine were designed to minimize radar reflection from the compression fan, reducing the radar cross section of the aircraft overall. The F404's analogue Engine Control Unit was replaced with the Digital Engine Control – jointly developed by Volvo and GE – which communicates with the cockpit through the digital data buses and, as redundancy, mechanical calculators controlled by a single wire will regulate the fuel-flow into the engine. These mechanical backup systems remain in the new Full Authority Digital Engine Control (FADEC) which Volvo began developing in 1996. General Electric produces 50% of the engine. Elements such as the fan/compressor discs and case, compressor spool, hubs, seals, and afterburner are manufactured in Sweden, final assembly also taking place there.

</doc>
<doc id="2891608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891608" title="Corporate credit union">
Corporate credit union

A corporate credit union, also known as a central credit union, provides services to natural person (consumer) credit unions. In the credit union industry, they are sometimes referred to as "the credit union’s credit union". In the United States, corporate credit unions may either be chartered by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), or under state authority if permitted under that state's financial services laws.
Corporate credit unions are owned by the credit unions that choose to do business with them and provide short term (Fed Funds) and long term investments (in government approved instruments). Corporate credit unions also provide financial settlement services through the clearing of payments (check clearing), ACH (Automated Clearing House), electronic funds transfers (EFT) and ATM transaction services and networks.
Originally, most states operated their own corporate credit union, which had strong ties to the credit union league operating in that state. Many corporate credit unions also provided consumer services to the employees and official family members of credit unions in cases where local or Federal laws prevented people employed by or having an interest in the operation of a financial institution as a means of fraud prevention. The majority of modern corporate credit unions no longer perform a consumer function.
Through the 1980s, the corporate credit union industry underwent a consolidation movement due to limited resources in the face of increasing demands or because of institution failures (ex. CapCorp, a Washington DC based corporate credit union that failed in the 1990s). There has also been a move by the stronger corporate credit unions to cross state lines and offer their services to credit unions that were previously outside their scope of business.
The largest corporate credit union in the United States is U.S. Central Credit Union. U.S. Central Credit Union and the second largest corporate credit union, Western Corporate Federal Credit Union, were placed in conservatorship by the NCUA on March 20, 2009. On September 24, 2010, NCUA regulators also seized three wholesale credit unions located in Connecticut, Illinois and Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="2891611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891611" title="Grace Church on-the-Hill">
Grace Church on-the-Hill

Grace Church on-the-Hill is an Anglican Church of Canada parish in Toronto, Ontario. It is featured in the novel "A Prayer for Owen Meany" by John Irving, and is a member of the Churches on the Hill group. It is one of only a handful of Anglican churches in Toronto to regularly celebrate Morning Prayer as the principal Sunday service.
It is located at 300 Lonsdale Road, in the Forest Hill area of Toronto.
Work on the current building, designed by Eden Smith, began in May, 1912. Opening services at the new church took place on 21 December, 1913.
In 1923, the Parish Hall, with auditorium and gymnasium below, was completed, as well as the vestries on the north side of the chancel. The original Eden Smith design was completed in 1938 including a chapel on the south side. A two-story addition on the west side was built in 1955 as an Education Centre. This now houses offices, meeting rooms and a childcare centre.

</doc>
<doc id="2891615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891615" title="Markos Geneti">
Markos Geneti

Markos Geneti (born May 30, 1984 in Gute, a small township about 10 km east of Nekemte in Eastern Wollega, the State of Oromia) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who previously competed in track running, but now is a road specialist.
Biography.
He won the 3000 metres title at the 2001 World Youth Championships in Athletics and stepped up a level to take the silver medal over 5000 metres at the 2002 World Junior Championships in Athletics the following year. Turning to senior competition, he was the runner-up in the 5000 m behind Hailu Mekonnen at the 2003 Afro-Asian Games and went on to claim the bronze medal in the 3000 m at the 2004 IAAF World Indoor Championships. He competed in that event twice at the IAAF World Athletics Final, in 2004 and 2005, but failed to win a medal on either occasion.
He made his global outdoor debut at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics, where he reached the semi-finals of the 1500 metres. Geneti ran a 3000 m best of 7:32.69 minutes at the Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix in February 2007. The following month he then made his debut at the 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, where his 15th place finish was the second best performance by an Ethiopian (after Tadese Tola).
In March 2011, he won the Los Angeles Marathon, breaking the record by almost two minutes in his first marathon attempt. His time of 2:06:35 was the sixth fastest ever for a race débutante at that point. In his second race at the 2012 Dubai Marathon he ran a personal best time of 2:04:54 hours, but in one of the fastest races ever, he took third place behind Ayele Abshero and Dino Sefir. He did not return to competition until December, when he ran at the Honolulu Marathon and placed second to Wilson Kipsang.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="2891647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891647" title="Denys Yurchenko">
Denys Yurchenko

Denys Sergiyovich Yurchenko () (born January 27, 1978 in Donetsk) is a Ukrainian pole vaulter with three medals in Indoor Athletics Championships. He also won the bronze medal in the men's pole vault event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
His personal best jump (outdoor) is 5.81 metres, achieved in September 2003 in Rieti.

</doc>
<doc id="2891655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891655" title="Grete Ingeborg Nykkelmo">
Grete Ingeborg Nykkelmo

Grete Ingeborg Nykkelmo (born 25 December 1961) is a former biathlete and cross country skier from Norway. She competed in both events from 1982 to 1992. 
She won four medals at the 1985 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Seefeld with a gold in the 20 km, a silver in the 4 x 5 km, and bronzes in the 5 km and 10 km. At the 1991 Biathlon World Championships in Lahti, she won a gold medal in the 7.5 km sprint and silvers in the 15 km individual and the 3 x 7.5 km relay. 
In 1980 she became Norwegian champion in 10 kilometres cross-country running, representing Selbu IL. On the same distance she won one silver medal (1981) and three bronze medals (1979, 1982, 1985).
Nykkelmo won the Egebergs Ærespris in 1990 for her top achievements and also won one additional cross country skiing event in 20 km in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="2891661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891661" title="Guillaume-André Fauteux">
Guillaume-André Fauteux

Guillaume-André Fauteux (October 20, 1874 – September 10, 1940) was a Canadian politician and Senator.
Born in St-Benoît, Quebec, a Conservative, he was defeated six times (1908, 1921, 1925, 1925 by-election, 1926, and 1930) while attempting to become a Member of Parliament.
From October 1, 1921 to December 28, 1921, he was the Solicitor General of Canada. From August 23, 1926 to September 24, 1926, during Arthur Meighen's short lived second term, he was the Solicitor General of Canada.
In 1933, he was appointed to the Senate representing the senatorial division of De Salaberry, Quebec. He died in office in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="2891665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891665" title="Churches on the Hill">
Churches on the Hill

The Churches on the Hill are an ecumenical group of Christian churches in the Yonge and St. Clair area of Toronto who work together on projects such as the Churches on-the-Hill Food Bank and other outreach projects to aid the local and wider community. The nine churches hold occasional ecumenical worship services, most notably an annual Advent Service and a Good Friday Walk. The Food Bank sponsored by the Churches on-the-Hill is located at the Timothy Eaton Memorial Church.
The group celebrated its fiftieth anniversary with the issuance of a DVD, "Churches-on-the-Hill: A 50 Year Anniversary Celebration 1956-2006."
It originally had six member churches: 
Grace Church on-the-Hill, Timothy Eaton Memorial Church, Deer Park United Church, 
Calvin Presbyterian Church, Yorkminster Park Baptist Church,
and Christ Church Deer Park.
The member churches originally held a service once a month in the fall and winter,
with services conducted by the ministers in turn.
The current member churches are:

</doc>
<doc id="2891678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891678" title="Esbjörn Svensson Trio">
Esbjörn Svensson Trio

Esbjörn Svensson Trio (or e.s.t.) was a Swedish jazz piano trio formed in 1993 consisting of Esbjörn Svensson (piano), (double bass) and (drums). Its music has classical, rock, pop, and techno elements. It lists classical composer Béla Bartók and rock band Radiohead as influences. Its style involves conventional jazz and the use of electronic effects and multitrack recording.
The group deliberately blurred genres, with Svensson's musical catholicism drawing upon a wide variety of artist influences. e.s.t. was also renowned for its vibrant style in live performances, often playing in rock and roll oriented venues to young crowds. It achieved great commercial success and critical acclaim throughout Europe. Its 1999 release "From Gagarin's Point of View" started its international breakthrough, being the first e.s.t. album to be released outside of Scandinavia through the German label 
Svensson died in a scuba diving accident in Stockholm on 14 June 2008. He is survived by his wife and two sons. The publication "All About Jazz" remarked that the loss "will surely deeply sadden music lovers everywhere."
Awards.
In 1995 and 1996, Svensson was awarded Swedish Jazz Musician of the Year and 1998 Songwriter of the Year, and the 1997 release "Winter in Venice" (consisting mainly of original material) was awarded the Swedish Grammy.
"Strange Place For Snow", e.s.t.'s 2002 release earned numerous awards including the "Jahrespreis der Deutschen Schallplattenkritik" (from the German Phonoacademy), the "German Jazz Award", "Choc de l'année" (Jazzman, France), the "Victoire du Jazz "– the French Grammy – as best international act and also the "Revelation of the Festival" award, a special award from Midem. In December 2004, e.s.t. was awarded the Hans Koller prize as "European Artist of the Year".
Collaborations.
The trio collaborated with several artists, including Pat Metheny and a "The Vinyl Trilogy" album with countryman Nicolai Dunger.

</doc>
<doc id="2891681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891681" title="John See">
John See

Sir John See, KCMG (14 October 184431 January 1907) was a member of the New South Wales Legislature from 26 November 1880 to 15 June 1901, and was then Premier of New South Wales from 1901 to 1904.
See was a self-made man of strong character, an excellent business man and a sound politician. He was well regarded by both sides of politics, for Labour politicians remembered that during his administration the establishment of the State clothing factory had a great influence in abolishing sweating, and that women's suffrage was also introduced.
Early life.
See was the son of Joseph See, a farm-labourer, and his wife Mary Ann "née" Bailey, and was born in Yelling, Huntingdon, England. The Parish Records of his baptism show that he was christened "See or Seekings" and that his parents/grandparents etc. used both surnames. He was brought to Australia in 1852 by his parents who settled on the Hunter River in New South Wales. On the family move to Australia they no longer used the "Seekings" surname. After three years at school See worked on the family farm, but in 1863 took up land with a brother on the Clarence River. In 1865, following disastrous floods, he went to Sydney and began business as a produce dealer. The business flourished under the name of John See and Company. He also became a partner in a small coastal shipping company, Nipper and See, which was afterwards floated into a company, as the North Coast Steam Navigation Company. See was a shrewd investor and became very well known in business circles in Sydney. In 1876, he married Charlotte Mary Matthews. See built a mansion in the Sydney suburb of Randwick and served on Randwick Council as alderman and mayor. He became a director of several well-known companies, a trustee of the Savings Bank of New South Wales, and president of the Royal Agricultural Society. In 1891, his shipping line had 14 steamships when it merged with another line to form the North Coast Steam Navigation Co. Ltd and he remained its joint managing director until his death. He also acquired property throughout the state, including Yester Grange.
Political career.
See entered politics in 1880 as member for Grafton and remained its member until he retired in 1904. In October 1885 he joined the George Dibbs government as Postmaster-General, but Dibbs was defeated before the end of the year. See was not in office again until October 1891 when he became for nearly three years Colonial Treasurer in the third Dibbs ministry. He was in charge of the bill which brought in the first protectionist tariff in New South Wales. The whole of his period as Treasurer was marked by much financial stress throughout Australia. From August 1894 until September 1899 Reid was in power, but when William Lyne came in, See was his Colonial Secretary.
On Lyne transferring to federal politics in March 1901, See became Premier and held office until 1904. His government passed the Industrial Arbitration Act in 1901 and the Female Suffrage Act in 1902. On the other hand, poor economic conditions and drought forced the government to abandon an ambitious public works program. Failing health and the death of his wife in March 1904 compelled him to retire in June. He accepted a seat in the Legislative Council, but was unable afterwards to exercise much influence in politics.
See died at Randwick, Sydney on 31 January 1907. He fathered ten children and was survived by four daughters and three sons.
Honours.
See was created Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1902. The See Park in Grafton is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2891683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891683" title="Over the Years and Through the Woods">
Over the Years and Through the Woods

Over the Years and Through the Woods is the title of a live album and video by Queens of the Stone Age.
The release features material on audio CD as well as video DVD — both recorded at London's Brixton Academy on Monday August 22, 2005 and KOKO on Tuesday August 23, 2005. "Over the Years and Through the Woods" is sold as two different packages - either a CD case or a DVD case. Both versions include the same content on the discs. The cover art includes an assortment of stylized letter Q's, which the band has used on the covers of previous studio albums (specifically, the blue Q is from "Rated R", the red Q is from "Songs for the Deaf", and the yellow Q from "Lullabies to Paralyze"). The title font on the cover was taken from their self-titled album. The DVD content was directed by Chapman Baehler.
Track listing.
DVD.
The title song is "Spiders and Vinegaroons" (From "Kyuss/Queens of the Stone Age" split EP)
Bonus.
There are 13 bonus songs, recorded at various locations during each of four tours, split into the following sections: (all songs from said album unless noted)

</doc>
<doc id="2891685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891685" title="Front Row (software)">
Front Row (software)

Front Row is a media center software application for Apple's Macintosh computers and Apple TV for navigating and viewing video, photos, podcasts, and music from a computer, optical disc, or the Internet through a 10-foot user interface (similar to Windows Media Center and XBMC). The software relies on iTunes and iPhoto and is controlled by an Apple Remote or the keyboard function keys. The first version was released October 2005, with two major revisions since. Front Row was removed and discontinued in Mac OS X 10.7.
Versions.
Introduction.
Front Row was first unveiled on October 12, 2005 with the new iMac G5 (along with the built-in iSight camera, the Apple Remote, and Photo Booth). The software was billed as an alternative interface for playing and running iPhoto, DVD Player, and iTunes (Internet radio stations could play by adding the station into a playlist in iTunes).
Apple TV.
The next incarnation, released in the original Apple TV software in March 2007, was a complete, stand alone application that played content directly from libraries. Among the features added were more prominent podcasts and TV show menus, trailer streaming, a settings menu, streaming content from computers on the local network, and album and video art for local media. In the summer of 2007, Apple released an update adding streaming of YouTube videos. 
Version two.
Released in November 2007 with Mac OS X v10.5 (Leopard), version two of Front Row included the new features introduced with the Apple TV (except for the YouTube viewer), a different opening transition, ending AirTunes functionality, and a launcher application in addition to the Command+Escape keyboard shortcut.
Front Row 2 has an undocumented plug-in architecture, for which various third-party plugins are now available, based on reverse-engineering the Front Row environment. Because it uses QuickTime to render video, Front Row can utilize any codec installed in QuickTime, including DivX, Xvid, and WMV, and play DVD images copied to the hard disk. However, because Front Row does not use QuickTime X, it lacks support for certain codec features like Sample Aspect Ratio.
"Take 2".
In February 2008, Apple announced a Front Row update branded "Apple TV Take Two." In addition to the prominent addition of direct downloads for movies, TV episodes, and podcasts via the iTunes Store, movie rentals, the ability for viewing online photos from Flickr or MobileMe (branded .Mac at the time), and the streaming of audio to AirTunes were added.
Discontinuation.
Front Row was discontinued with the July 2011 release of Mac OS X Lion (v 10.7). The software appeared in neither the early Developer Previews nor the final version.
While it was initially possible to reinstall Front Row by copying the frameworks and application into OS X Lion, iTunes v 10.4 on 22 July 2011 broke compatibility, causing those who updated iTunes to lose access to their music through Front Row.

</doc>
<doc id="2891686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891686" title="Dromahane">
Dromahane

Dromahane () is a village located south west of the town of Mallow, County Cork, Ireland on the R619 regional road.
Centred on a main crossroads, the village overlooks the Blackwater Valley. The village is part of the parish of Kilshannig.
Thomas Russell is referred to as “The man from God knows where” and, as it happens, he was born in the village on 21 November, 1767. He was a founding member of the United Irishmen and was hanged in 1803 in Downpatrick gaol for his involvement in uprisings against the British.
An old graveyard (Kilshannig) is located north of the village and this is where Daniel O’Connell's maternal ancestors are buried. Also, the parents of Thomas Croke, after whom Croke Park is named, are buried here.
There are also ringforts in the area and Dromahane is close to Dromineen Castle.
Location and transportation.
Road.
The Dromahane Junction is south of Mallow on the N20. Alternate routes from Mallow include taking the "Navigation Road" or the "Old Cork Road".
Rail.
Although the main rail line between Mallow and Kerry passes just to the north of the village, the nearest Train Station is in Mallow town.
Local economy.
The village has two pubs, "Hickey's Beer Garden" and "The Russell Inn", which is more commonly referred to nowadays as "Corkery's Pub". Recently Hickey's has also opened an off licence.
The village has just the one shop, 'Kelly's Quick Pick". "Dromahane Stores", which was once more commonly referred to as "Bridgy's' is no longer in business.
A new addition to the village is a fast food restaurant - "LJ's".
South of Dromahane is the Dromore "Point to Point" race track, which draws large crowds from all over Munster to the village for the horse racing event.
Other businesses located in the village include Nazareth House Nursing Home, helicopter hire, a joinery, printers, Electricians, hauliers, plumbers, plant hire, ironmonger and agri-contractor.
Other amenities.
The village has a large school Primary School. The nearest Secondary schools are all in Mallow town.
The village also has St Peter's Catholic Church, with Masses on Sunday at 11.00am and 7.30pm.
The local underage GAA club is called "Thomas Russell's" and they have their grounds in the village of Glantane, located west of Dromahane.
Recent Irish National Lottery money has provided some excellent facilities to the local tennis club which is located beside the Primary School.
Connection to Canon Peter O'Leary.
In his book "Mo Sgéal Féin", Canon Peter O'Leary (Peadar Ua Laoghaire) talks about Dromahane in a discussion of his ancestry.
He says his mother's father, Conor O'Leary, married Nell Hickey of Dromathane (an alternate spelling).
From the translation by Cyril Ó Céirnín publisted 1987:
"They had a son, Conor was his name, a very wise, very prudent man. He married one of the Hickeys, a daughter of Tadhg 'ach Aindriais, who was living over at Dromathane, on the banks of the Blackwater; the daughter was called Neill ni Taidhg. They had the full of the house of children. Siobhán was the name of one of the daughters."
He goes on to say that this Siobhán was his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="2891701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891701" title="Central nervous system depression">
Central nervous system depression

Central nervous system depression or CNS depression refers to physiological depression of the central nervous system that can result in decreased rate of breathing, decreased heart rate, and loss of consciousness possibly leading to coma or death. CNS depression is specifically the result of inhibited brain activity.
Causes.
CNS depression is generally caused by the use of depressant drugs such as alcohol, opioids, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, general anesthetics, and anticonvulsants such as valproate semisodium used to treat epilepsy.
Drug overdose is often caused by combining two or more depressant drugs, although overdose is certainly possible by consuming a large dose of one depressant drug. CNS depression can also be caused by the accidental or intentional inhalation or ingestion of certain volatile chemicals such as Butanone (contained in Plastic Cement) or Isopropyl Alcohol. Other causes of CNS depression are metabolic disturbances such as hypoglycaemia.
Comparison.
In a study comparing the central nervous depression due to supra-therapeutic doses of Triazolam (Benzodiazepine) , Pentobarbital (Barbiturate) and GHB it appeared as if GHB had the strongest dose-effect function. Since, GHB had a high correlation between its dose and its central nervous system depression it has a high risk of accidental overdose. In the case of accidental overdose of GHB, patients could become drowsy, fall asleep and may enter a coma. Although GHB had higher sedative effects at high doses as compared to Triazolam and Pentobarbital, it had less amnestic effects as compared to Triazolam and Pentobarbital. Arousal of subjects in the GHB group sometimes even required a painful stimulus, this was not seen in the Triazolam or the Pentobarbital group. Fortunately, during this heavy sedation with GHB the subjects maintained normal respiration and blood pressure. This is often not the case with opioids as they will cause respiratory depression.
Treatment.
CNS depression is treated within a hospital setting by maintaining breathing and circulation. Individuals with reduced breathing may be given supplemental oxygen, while individuals who are not breathing can be ventilated with bag valve mask ventilation or by mechanical ventilation with a respirator. Sympathomimetic drugs may be used to attempt to stimulate cardiac output in order to maintain circulation. CNS Depression caused by certain drugs may respond to treatment with an antidote.
There are two antidotes that are frequently used in the hospital setting and these are Naloxone and Flumazenil. Naloxone is an opioid antagonist and reverses the central nervous depressive effects seen in opioid overdose. In the setting of a colonoscopy, Naloxone is rarely administered but when it is administered, its half life is shorter than some common opioid agonists. Therefore the patient may still exhibit central nervous system depression after Naloxone has been cleared. Typically, Naloxone is administered in short intervals with relatively small doses in order to prevent the occurrence of withdrawal, pain, and sympathetic nervous system activation. Flumazenil is a benzodiazepine antagonists and blocks the binding of benzodiazepines to GABAa. Similarly to Naloxone, Flumazenil has a short half life, and this needs to be taken into account because the patient may exhibit central nervous depression after the antidote has been cleared. Benzodiazepines are used in the treatment of seizures and subsequently, the administration of Flumazenil may result in seizures. Therefore, slow administration of Flumazenil is necessary to prevent the occurrence of a seizure. These agents are rarely used in the setting of a colonoscopy as 98.8% of colonoscopies use sedatives but only 0.8% of them result in the administration of one of these antidotes. Even if they are rarely used in colonoscopies they are important in preventing the patient from entering a coma or developing respiratory depression when sedatives are not properly dosed. Outside of the colonoscopy setting, these agents are used for other procedures and in the case of drug overdose.

</doc>
<doc id="2891716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891716" title="Lists of IUCN Red List endangered species">
Lists of IUCN Red List endangered species

On 29 January 2010, the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species identified 5220 (2754 Animalia, 1 Fungi, 2464 Plantae, 1 Protista) endangered species, subspecies and varieties, stocks and sub-populations.
For IUCN lists of endangered species by kingdom, see:

</doc>
<doc id="2891726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891726" title="Born in Africa">
Born in Africa

Born in Africa is an album produced by Philly Lutaaya and other Ugandan exiles in Sweden. The songs on the album remain ubiquitous in Uganda, and the musicians remain among the best-known Ugandan musicians; they include Sammy Kasule on bass and Gerald Nnaddibanga on percussion.

</doc>
<doc id="2891737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891737" title="Paul Werner Gast">
Paul Werner Gast

Paul Werner Gast (September 11, 1930–May 16, 1973) was an American geochemist and geologist.
He was born in Chicago, and attended Wheaton College, Illinois from whence he graduated in 1952. He earned a Ph.D. from Columbia University in 1957. After graduation he taught at the University of Minnesota until 1965 when he became professor of geology at Columbia.
In 1969 Paul Gast assumed leadership of the geo-science management of the Manned Spacecraft Center in preparation for Apollo mission sample return from the Moon. He served as chief scientist of the Apollo Lunar Science Staff. He was one of the science consultant group known unofficially as the Four Horsemen, along with Jim Arnold, Bob Walker and Gerry Wasserburg.
He died at the age of 43, being survived by his wife, Joyce Rinehart, and two sons and a daughter. During his career he pioneered the study of rare earth elements in examining the crust, mantle, and interior of the planet. He led the development of the use of rubidium-strontium and uranium-lead radiometric dating methods for rocks, particularly for samples returned from the Moon. His examinations of trace elements resulted in new understands of how volcanic fluids originate.
Bibliography.
He was also co-author of multiple papers on Geology.

</doc>
<doc id="2891738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891738" title="Robert Edward Chambliss">
Robert Edward Chambliss

Robert Edward Chambliss (January 14, 1904 – October 29, 1985), also known as "Dynamite Bob", was convicted in 1977 of murder for his role as conspirator in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing in 1963. A member of the United Klans of America, Chambliss allegedly also firebombed the houses of several black families in Alabama.
Investigation and conviction.
A May 13, 1965 memo to Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) director J. Edgar Hoover identified Chambliss, Bobby Frank Cherry, Herman Frank Cash and Thomas E. Blanton, Jr. as suspects in the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing which resulted in the death of four young African-American girls.
The investigation was originally closed in 1968; no charges were filed. Years later it was found that the FBI had accumulated evidence against the named suspects that had not been revealed to the prosecutors by order of J. Edgar Hoover. The files were used by Alabama attorney general Bill Baxley to reopen the case in 1971. In 1977 Chambliss was convicted of murder for the bombing and sentenced to several terms of life imprisonment. He died in Lloyd Noland Hospital and Health Center in Birmingham on October 29, 1985, still proclaiming his innocence. He was 81.
Chambliss served his time in a prison near Montgomery, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="2891747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891747" title="A.S.D. Manfredonia Calcio 1932">
A.S.D. Manfredonia Calcio 1932

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Manfredonia Calcio 1932 is an Italian association football club, based in Manfredonia, Apulia. Currently it plays in Eccellenza.
History.
Foundation.
The club, founded in 1932 as S.S. Manfredonia Calcio.. Manfredonia is known for having been the first Italian professional team to play its home matches on a synthetic football field.
Manfredonia returned to play in the pros only in 2004, following 64 years of absence from Serie C. In 2004–05 Manfredonia won promotion from Serie C2 to Serie C1, but finished last in its division in 2007–08 and was directly relegated back down to C2, now called Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. At the end of the 2009-2010 season, the company had major financial problems that led the team to failure.
Refoundation.
The team was refounded in the summer of 2010 as A.S.D. Manfredonia Football 1932 and began the season in the Eccellenza Apulia. The following year the club was renamed with its current name of A.S.D. Manfredonia Calcio 1932.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are light blue and white.

</doc>
<doc id="2891758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891758" title="AFNLP">
AFNLP

AFNLP (Asian Federation of Natural Language Processing Associations) is the organization for coordinating the natural language processing related activities and events in the Asia-Pacific region.
Foundation.
AFNLP was founded in 4 October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="2891761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891761" title="Society of Woman Geographers">
Society of Woman Geographers

The Society of Woman Geographers was established in 1925 at a time when women were excluded from membership in most professional organizations, such as the Explorers Club, who would not admit women until 1981.
Organized by four friends Gertrude Emerson Sen, Marguerite Harrison, Blair Niles and Gertrude Mathews Shelby, to bring together women interested in geography, world exploration, anthropology and related fields. Membership was restricted to women who had "done distinctive work whereby they have added to the world's store of knowledge concerning the countries on which they have specialized, and have published in magazines or in book form a record of their work."
Among its founders were Harriet Chalmers Adams, the society's first president in December 1925, a post which she held until 1933. In 1930, the society presented its first medal to Amelia Earhart. Prominent members included, Eleanor Roosevelt, photographer Margaret Bourke-White, novelist Fannie Hurst, historian Mary Ritter Beard, mountain climber Annie Peck and anthropologist Margaret Mead who would be presented with their Gold Medal in 1942.
The society based in Washington, D.C. presently has approximately 500 members. Groups are located in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="2891763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891763" title="Graeme Revell">
Graeme Revell

Graeme Revell (born 23 October 1955) is a New Zealand film score composer.Some of Revell's best known film scores include "The Crow" (1994), "Street Fighter" (1994), ' (1995), "From Dusk Till Dawn" (1996), "The Craft" (1996), ' (1996), "The Saint" (1997), "Spawn" (1997), "The Negotiator" (1998), "Bride of Chucky" (1998), "Titan A.E." (2000), "" (2001), "Freddy vs. Jason" (2003), "Daredevil" (2003) and "Sin City" (2005). He is also known for his frequent collaborations with director David Twohy, having scored "Below" (2002) and the Riddick franchise.
Biography.
Early life.
Revell attended Auckland Grammar School, where he finished his final year in 7A. 
Education and training.
Revell is a classically trained pianist and French horn player, but also graduated from the University of Auckland with degrees in economics and political science. 
Vocational pursuits.
He worked as a regional planner in bothAustralia and Indonesia, and was also an orderly in an Australian psychiatric hospital.
Musical career.
Revell was a founding member of the industrial music band SPK, playing keyboards and percussion. The SPK single, "In Flagrante Delicto", was the basis for the "Dead Calm" film score (his first) that won him an Australian Film Industry award.
Style.
Revell's musical style is predominantly electronic and computer-based, yet often utilizes classical instruments or entire arrangements for certain pieces (similar to his contemporary counterparts, Hans Zimmer and Mark Isham). The orchestral scores that Revell has composed have changed throughout his career—from Bernard Herrmann-like pieces to Ennio Morricone-influenced works. 
Revell's music is often re-used from movie to movie and in more recent times he has collaborated with other artists on their albums. After the success of his soundtrack on "Red Planet" where he used the voice of French singer Emma Shapplin to back up and often lead his score, he collaborated with her on her own album "Etterna", producing all of her songs. He has recently been interviewed for the independent documentary Finding Kraftland.
Collaborators.
Revell has been assisted in sound design by dark ambient composer, Lustmord.
Awards.
On 18 May 2005, Revell was honored at the annual BMI Film & TV Awards with the Richard Kirk Award for Outstanding Career Achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="2891766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891766" title="Netsukuku">
Netsukuku

Netsukuku is the name of an experimental peer-to-peer routing system, developed by the FreakNet MediaLab in 2005, created to build up a distributed network, anonymous and censorship-free, fully independent but not necessarily separated from the Internet, without the support of any server, ISP and no central authority. 
Netsukuku is designed to handle up to 2128 nodes without any servers or central systems, with minimal CPU and memory resources. This mesh network can be built using existing network infrastructure components such as Wi-Fi. 
The project has been in slow development since 2005, never abandoning a beta state. It has also never been tested on large scale.
How does it work.
As of December 2011, the latest theoretical work on Netsukuku can be found in the author's master thesis Scalable Mesh Networks and the Address Space Balancing problem. The following description takes into account only the basic concepts of the theory.
Netsukuku uses a custom routing protocol called QSPN (Quantum Shortest Path Netsukuku) that strives to be efficient and not taxing on the computational capabilities of each node. The current version of the protocol is QSPNv2. It adopts a hierarchical structure. 256 nodes are grouped inside a gnode (group node), 256 gnodes are grouped in a single ggnode (group of group nodes), 256 ggnodes are grouped in a single gggnode, and so on. This offers a set of advantages main documentation. The protocol relies on the fact that the nodes are not mobile, and that the network structure does not change quickly, as several minutes may be required before a change in the network is propagated. However, a node that joins the network is immediately able to communicate using the routes of its neighbours. When a node joins the mesh network, Netsukuku automatically suits and all other nodes come to know the fastest and most efficient routes to communicate with the newcomer. The nodes have no more privileges or restrictions than other nodes.
The domain name system (DNS) is replaced by a decentralised and distributed system called ANDNA (A Netsukuku Domain Name Architecture). The ANDNA database is included in the Netsukuku system, so each node includes such database that occupies at most 355 kilobytes of memory.
Simplifying, ANDNA works as follows: to resolve a symbolic name the host applies a function Hash on behalf. The Hash function returns an address that the host contacts asking for the resolution generated by the hash. The contacted node receives a request, searches in its ANDNA database for the address associated with the name and returns to the applicant host. Recording is in a similar way. For example, let's suppose that the node X should record the address "FreakNet.andna", X calculates the hash name and obtains the address 11.22.33.44 associated with node Y. The node X contacts Y requiring registration for 11.22.33.44 hash as its own. Y stores the request in its database and any request for resolution of 11.22.33.44 hash, will answer with the X address.
The protocol is obviously more complex as the system provides a public/private key to authenticate the hosts and prevent unauthorized changes to ANDNA database. Furthermore, the protocol provides redundancy database to make the protocol resistant to any failures and also provides for the migration of the database if the network topology changes. The protocol does not provide for the possibility of revoking a symbolic name, this after a certain period of inactivity (currently 3 days) is simply deleted from the database. The protocol also prevents a single host to record an excessive number of symbolic names (at present 256 names) in order to prevent spammers to store a high number of terms commonly used or to perform actions of cybersquatting.

</doc>
<doc id="2891773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891773" title="Ove Aunli">
Ove Aunli

Ove Robert Aunli (born 12 March 1956 in Hemne) is a Norwegian former cross-country skier. He took the Olympic bronze medal in Lake Placid 1980 when Thomas Wassberg beat Juha Mieto by one-hundredth of a second for the gold medal, and won a silver medal as part of Norway's 4 x 10 km relay team.
Aunli found his biggest success at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, winning six medals. This included two golds (4 x 10 km: 1982, 1985), one silver (30 km: 1985), and three bronzes (4 x 10 km: 1978, 1987; 50 km: 1985).
Aunli represented the clubs Kyrksæterøra IL and Strindheim IL.
He is married to Berit Aunli.

</doc>
<doc id="2891774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891774" title="Pink pigeon">
Pink pigeon

The Pink Pigeon, "Columba" "mayeri", is a species of Columbidae (doves and pigeons) endemic to Mauritius, and is now very rare. It is the only Mascarene pigeon that has not gone extinct. It was on the brink of extinction in 1991 when only 10 individuals remained, but its numbers have increased due to the efforts of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust since 1977. The book "Golden Bats and Pink Pigeons" by Gerald Durrell refers to the conservation efforts. The IUCN downlisted the species from "critically endangered" to "endangered" on the IUCN Red List in 2006. Mauritius published a series of postage stamps depicting the endemic Pink Pigeon.
Taxonomy and evolution.
Initially classified as a true pigeon, it was reclassified in a monotypic genus by Tommaso Salvadori. Recent DNA analyses suggests its nearest neighbour on the phylogenetic tree is the geographically close Madagascar Turtle Dove ("Streptopelia picturata"), and has thus been placed in the genus "Streptopelia", which mostly contains turtle doves. However, the two species form a distinct group that cannot unequivocally be assigned to either "Streptopelia" or "Columba", and indeed, placing the "two" species in "Nesoenas" may best reflect the fact that they seem to belong to a distinct evolutionary lineage (Johnson "et al.", 2001).
Description.
An adult pigeon is about from beak to tail and 350 grams in weight. Pink pigeons have pale pink plumage on their head, shoulders and underside, along with pink feet and pink beak. They have dark brown wings, and a broad, reddish-brown tail. They have dark brown eyes surrounded by a ring of red skin.
Newly hatched pigeons have sparse, downy-white feathers and closed eyes.
Behaviour and ecology.
The breeding season starts in August–September, although birds may breed all year round. The male courts the female with a "step and bow" display. Mating is generally monogamous, with the pair making a flimsy platform nest and defending a small area around it (even though the pigeons initially had no natural predators). The female usually lays 2 white eggs, and incubation duration is 2 weeks. The male incubates during the day, and the female during night and early day. They breed very often. They lay 5 to 10 eggs in a season. Pausing in the wild only whilst in moult. They either go through a full moult or a head moult.
In captivity, males remain fertile till 17 – 18 years of age, females till 10 – 11 years of age.
1 – 7 days: Chicks eyes closed, fed entirely on crop milk.
7 – 10 days: Chicks undergo a dietary transformation to solid food.
2 – 4 weeks: Chicks fledge, but are parent-fed.
4 - 6/7 weeks: Chicks remain in the nest. After this the chicks leave the nest.
Due to habitat destruction, and nonnative predators, the population had dropped to 10 in 1991. The captive breeding and reintroduction program initiated and supported by the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, and largely carried out by the Mauritian Wildlife Foundation (MWF) has resulted in a stable population of about 360 in the wild in 2005 - of which about 75 are located on the small offshore island reserve of Ile aux Aigrettes (source: Vikash Tatayah, MWF Nov 2005) - as well as a healthy captive population as backup. In 2009, the population was just short of 500 birds. There are more males than females in a population due to greater life expectancy of the male (about 5 years more) and in the wild a higher chance of the female being predated. The average life expectancy upper bound is estimated at 17 – 18 years.
Diet.
It feeds on native plants - by consuming buds, flowers, leaves, shoots, fruits and seeds as well as insects. Non-native species like guava pose a threat to it by preventing growth of native trees. It does supplement its diet at feeding stations manned by conservation officials.
Range and habitat.
It is only found in the Mascarene island of Mauritius, a related form having become extinct in the neighbouring larger Reunion Island. 
On Mauritius, it is found in patches of forest in the national park region of the southwest, as well on Ile aux Aigrettes, a nature reserve off the southeast coast of Mauritius. Further plans for released populations in the east coast mountains are under way.
It prefers upland evergreen forests, but is equally at home in coastal forest as long as the vegetation is natural and not smothered by introduced species, such as guava or privet. Destruction of these forests have been a major reason for its decline.
Threats.
Habitat degradation, introduced mammalian predators and wildlife disease are ongoing threats to the pink pigeon's survival. Only 2% of native forest remains in Mauritius, the majority on upland slopes around the Black River Gorge National Park. Active management of these threats, supplementary feeding and habitat restoration are key factors in the recovery of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="2891775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891775" title="Asia Pacific College">
Asia Pacific College

Asia Pacific College (APC) was established in 1991 as a non-profit joint venture between IBM Philippines and the SM Foundation. It was envisioned as a learning institution that produces graduates that fulfill information technology industry demands.
Asia Pacific College emphasizes industry-academe links, orienting their programs and faculty toward industry needs. APC's cornerstones are its IT-embedded curriculum, industry-experienced faculty and its six-month internship program.
Asia Pacific College is one of the 4 Centers of Excellence in I.T. Education in the Philippines.
Internship Program.
The Industry-Academe Cooperative Education Program, also known as the I-ACE Program, is an internship program of the Asia Pacific College, where students on their senior year are assigned to work full time for a company for a period of two consecutive terms.
The objective of the program is to link industry and academe. This program is envisioned to be a good venue to expose the school to the relevant and changing needs of the industry. The industry sector, on the other hand, absorbs the intern and is encouraged to be involved in the education and development of future Information Technology and Business professionals from their respective courses and specializations.
On their senior year, APC students enter the Industry-Academe Cooperative Education Program. They are assigned to work for a pre-identified company (assigned during the internship placement period), for a duration of two (2) consecutive terms of APC’s tri-mestral school calendar.
During the Internship Program, the Interns are not expected to enroll in any academic courses in school for they will be working full-time (eight hours a day, Mondays to Fridays) at their respective companies. Interns are invited to attend once a month Saturday sessions with the Career & Placement Office to discuss updates, issues or problems encountered.
As interns, they are expected to strictly follow office policies of the company they work for and abide by the principle of confidentiality with regard to any information / restricted materials on their assigned projects.

</doc>
<doc id="2891796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891796" title="Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway">
Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway

The Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway is an All-American Road in the U.S. states of California and Oregon. It is roughly 500 miles (800 km) long and travels through the Cascade Range past numerous volcanoes. It is composed of two separate National Scenic Byways, the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway - Oregon and Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway - California. The latter also wholly includes the Lassen Scenic Byway.
Route description.
Oregon section.
Starting at U.S. Route 97 south of Chemult, the byway heads west on Oregon Route 138 before turning south on Oregon Route 209 into Crater Lake National Park, where Crater Lake fills the caldera of the destroyed Mount Mazama volcano. The byway includes "Rim Drive" which circumnavigates the lake.
South of Crater Lake, the byway continues down Oregon Route 62, with Mount Scott on the east, to Fort Klamath, whereupon it heads west on "Weed Road" to "Sevenmile Road", then south on "West Side Road" along the edge of the Upper Klamath National Wildlife Refuge and Upper Klamath Lake. The byway then passes Mount McLoughlin on the east as it joins Oregon Route 140 to Klamath Falls.
From there, the route proceeds southwards on US 97, between Bear Valley National Wildlife Refuge and Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge to the California border.
California section.
Just south of the border, a spur route heads east on State Route 161 and south on Route 139 to Tulelake. This section then turns west through the town along "E Street/East West Road", then south down "Hill Road" through the Tule Lake National Wildlife Refuge on the western shore of Tule Lake, an area of wetlands and marshes, which greatly contrast with the harsh landscape of the Lava Beds National Monument, just ahead. The monument lies on the northeast flank of the Medicine Lake Volcano, the largest volcano (total area covered) in the Cascades.
The main byway continues south on US 97 around Mount Shasta, the second-tallest volcano in the country, to the city of Weed, which is marked by a large totem pole that stands off of the intersection of Hwy 97 and Weed Blvd. Along Hwy 97 just north of Weed is Pluto's Cave, a collapsed lava tube that individuals can explore on their own. It then briefly joins Interstate 5, passing Black Butte, before heading east on Route 89 in the city of Mount Shasta and heads on out to McCloud.
Besides volcanoes, the byway passes near a number of waterfalls. The "McCloud River Falls" are north of Lake McCloud, which lies south of the highway, near the town of McCloud. McArthur-Burney Falls Memorial State Park is further along Route 89 at Lake Britton.
Passing by a number of smaller volcanoes, Burney Mountain and Sugarloaf Peak, the byway makes it way south where it circles Lassen Peak. At Route 44, the byway heads southeast to Route 36, where it turns west. There is also a bypass along Route 147 and Route 89 around Lake Almanor, rejoining Route 36 in the town of Chester. The byway continues along Routes 36/89 and follows Route 89 after they split through Lassen Volcanic National Park. On the other side of the park, Route 89 joins Route 44 eastward, returning to the starting point of the loop. This loop itself is designated the Lassen Scenic Byway.

</doc>
<doc id="2891802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891802" title="Panther danio">
Panther danio

The panther danio ("Danio aesculapii") is a species of danio endemic to Myanmar. Before its description it was referred to as Danio species TW03. The panther is a smallish danio which on first glance looks a little dull, but displays a variety of colours when sunlight illuminates the fish on its side. 

</doc>
<doc id="2891803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891803" title="Automatic behavior">
Automatic behavior

Automatic behavior, from the Greek "automatos" or self-acting, is the spontaneous production of often purposeless verbal or motor behavior without conscious self-control or self-censorship. This condition can be observed in a variety of contexts, including schizophrenia, psychogenic fugue, epilepsy (in complex partial seizures and Jacksonian seizures), narcolepsy or in response to a traumatic event. The individual does not recall the behavior. According to the book 'The Mind Machine' by Colin Blakemore, hypoglycemia usually leads quickly to unconsciousness, but as blood glucose level falls, there is 'a window of experience between sanity and "coma" in which self-control is lost', and the body 'behaves on its own'.
Automatic behavior can also be exhibited whilst in the REM state—subjects can hold conversations, sit up and even open their eyes. Those acts are considered sub-conscious as most of the time the events cannot be recalled by the subject. It is most common when the subject has had under 10 hours sleep within a 36 hour period.

</doc>
<doc id="2891814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891814" title="Berit Aunli">
Berit Aunli

Berit Kristine Aunli, née Kvello, (born 9 June 1956 in Stjørdal, Norway) is a Norwegian former cross country skier married to Ove Aunli. She won her first international championship medal as a member of the Norwegian team that won the bronze medal at the 4 x 5 km at the 1980 Winter Olympics. 
Her real international breakthrough came at the 1982 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships when she won gold medals at the 5 km, 10 km and 4 x 5 km races, and a silver medal at the 20 km classical. At the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, she won two medals with a gold in the 4 x 5 km and a silver in 5 km. Aunli also won a silver in the 4 x 5 km at the 1985 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. At the 1981 Holmenkollen ski festival, she won the 20 km event. 
In 1983, she was awarded the Holmenkollen medal (Shared with Tom Sandberg.). 
She has 15 Norwegian Championships in total, representing Strindheim I.L.. In 1985 she won "Morgenbladet's" gold medal. She is the daughter of Kristen Kvello.

</doc>
<doc id="2891815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891815" title="Rose danio">
Rose danio

The rose danio is a tropical fish of the family Cyprinidae. At first glance, this species resembles the pearl danio, but lacks the orange stripe on the side. It has a rosy colouration along the lower part of the fish and lower fins and gleams purple-blue in sunlight. It is also commonly known as the purple passion danio.

</doc>
<doc id="2891816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891816" title="Tynedale Council election, 1999">
Tynedale Council election, 1999

Elections to Tynedale Council were held on 6 May 1999. The whole council was up for election, with boundary changes increasing the number of councillors by five, since the last election in 1995. The council stayed under no overall control.

</doc>
<doc id="2891822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891822" title="Product innovation">
Product innovation

Product innovation is the creation and subsequent introduction of a good or service that is either new, or improved on previous goods or services. This is broader than the normally accepted definition of innovation to include invention of new products which, in this context, are still considered innovative.
Introduction.
Product innovation is defined as:
Thus product innovation can be divided into two categories of innovation: radical innovation which aims at developing new product, and incremental innovation which aims at improving existing products.
New product development.
New product development describes the complete process of bringing a new product or service to market. There are two parallel paths involved in the process: one involves the idea generation, product design and detail engineering; the other involves market research and marketing analysis.
Improvement of existing products.
This includes, but is not limited to, improvements in functional characteristics, technical abilities, or ease of use. Product innovation often takes place when a product's sales are in decline. This is an obvious and commonly used method to extend the life of a product.

</doc>
<doc id="2891823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891823" title="Ars-sur-Moselle">
Ars-sur-Moselle

Ars-sur-Moselle is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France.
History.
Ars-sur-Moselle used to be a part of Germany from 1871 to 1918 and was called "Ars-an-der-Mosel".

</doc>
<doc id="2891825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891825" title="English ship Dreadnought (1573)">
English ship Dreadnought (1573)

Dreadnought was a 41-gun galleon of the Royal Navy, built by Mathew Baker and launched in 1573. Like HMS "Dreadnought" of 1906, she was a radical innovation over contemporary ships. When John Hawkins became Treasurer of the Navy in 1577, he had sailed all over the world, and his ideas contributed to the production of a new race-built series of galleons - of which the "Dreadnought" was the second (following the "Foresight" of 1570) - without the high fore- and after-castles prevalent in earlier galleons; these "marvels of marine design" could reputedly "run circles around the clumsier Spanish competition."
"Dreadnought" took part in many of the naval engagements in the naval conflicts between Britain and Spain in the late 16th and early 17th centuries. Under Captain Thos. Fenner, she was part of Drake's fleet which "singed the King of Spain's Beard" with the raid on Cadiz in Spring 1587. She was part of the English fleet which harassed most of the Spanish Armada in 1588. She was rebuilt for the first time in 1592. In 1596, with Sir Alexander Clifford as her captain, she was part of the Anglo-Dutch fleet which captured Cadiz. In 1599 she was in the Western Channel under George Fenner, while in 1601 under Sir Henry Palmer she was on the Thames.
On 2 June 1602, captained by Edward Manwaring, "Dreadnought" was part of Ricard Leveson's fleet which succeeded in capturing the Portuguese carrack "Sao Valentinho" at Cezimbra Roads In 1603, as hostilities with Spain concluded, she was in the Channel under captain Hamphrey Reynolds.
Dreadnought was rebuilt again at Deptford in 1614 as a middling ship of 32 guns.
In 1625, with renewed hostilities against Spain, "Dreadnought" took part in yet another expedition to Cadiz, this time under a captain named Plumleigh, as part of a fleet commanded by Viscount Wimbledon. In 1628 she took part in the unsuccessful attempt to relieve the Siege of La Rochelle by sea.
In 1637, she was part of the Earl of Northumberland's fleet in the North Sea, commanded by Captain Henry Stradling and then by Thomas Kirke.
The "Dreadnought" was broken up in 1648. 
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="2891839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891839" title="Centrix">
Centrix

Centrix is a fictional superhero in the DC universe. He is a member of the superhero team, the Global Guardians.
Fictional character biography.
Mark Armstrong is a metahuman with the ability to project energy force waves from his body. He also has small projectiles that can be propelled by his energy force waves. He uses his powers to stop criminals in his native Canada. He is a practitioner of New Age philosophies.
In "Justice League Quarterly" #17 (Winter 1994). He joins the Global Guardians after one of their darkest periods. One of their old enemies, Fain Y'Onia, attacks and kills Bushmaster and Thunderlord. Godiva, Impala and Tuatara are badly injured. The Wild Huntsman is missing in action, having vanished in the seeming defeat of Fain.
The survivors recruit Centrix, along with Tundra, Chrysalis and Cascade.

</doc>
<doc id="2891841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891841" title="Arsonval">
Arsonval

Arsonval is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
It lies on the right bank of the Aube River, about east of Troyes. It has a church dating from the twelfth century.

</doc>
<doc id="2891847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891847" title="Get Happy! (Ella Fitzgerald album)">
Get Happy! (Ella Fitzgerald album)

Get Happy! is a 1959 album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald, recorded with various studio orchestras over a two-year period.
History.
The original 12 songs on the album come from 5 different sessions, featuring Orchestras led by Nelson Riddle, Frank DeVol, Russell Garcia or Paul Weston.
The first two tracks are from the sessions for the "George and Ira Gershwin Songbook", which were later included on the 1998 reissue of the album, and Berlin's "Blue Skies" was recorded at the sessions for the 1957 album "Sings the Irving Berlin Songbook", but inexplicably omitted from the final cut, despite featuring one Ella's most impressive extended scat improvisations.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Scott Yanow wrote of the album "As usual, Ella uplifts all of the material and her best moments come on "Somebody Loves Me," a heartfelt "Moonlight Becomes You," a scat-filled "Blue Skies" and (somewhat surprisingly) "St. Louis Blues." Although this was not her most essential release, the formerly obscure Get Happy finds Ella Fitzgerald at the peak of her powers."
Track listing.
For the 1960 Verve LP release; Verve V6-4036
Side One:
Side Two: 
Bonus Tracks; Issued on the Verve 1998 CD re-issue, Verve 314 523 321-2
13. "A-Tisket, A-Tasket" (Originally released in 1959, on 7" single, a-side) (Van Alexander, Ella Fitzgerald) – 2:20
14. "The Swingin' Shepherd Blues" (Previously unreleased, alternate take) (Kenny Jacobson, Moe Koffman, Rhoda Roberts) – 2:50
Personnel.
Recorded in six sessions from July 24, 1957- July 11, 1959 in Hollywood, Los Angeles:
Tracks 1,2
Capitol Studios, Hollywood January 7, 1959 Nelson Riddle (arr, con) Paul Smith (p) Herb Ellis (g) Joe Mondragon (b) Bill Richmond (d) Conrad Gozzo, Cappy Lewis, Vito Mangano, Shorty Sherock (tpt); Dick Noel, Tommy Pederson, George Roberts (trmb);rmb)
Tracks 3,7
Radio Recorders, Hollywood, July 11, 1959 Frank DeVol (arr, con) Lou Levy (p) Herb Ellis (g) Joe Mondragon (b) Alvin Stoller (d) Frank Beach, Pete Candoli, Cappy Lewis, Al Porcino (t) Harry Betts, Dick Noel, George Roberts, lloyd Ulyate (vtrmb)
Track 4
United Recorders, Hollywood, September 3, 1959 Russell Garcia (arr, con) Claude Williamson, Jr. (p) Herb Ellis (g) Red Mitchell (b) Jack Sperling (drums) (d) Pete Candoli, Philip Candreva, Buddy Childers, Stu Williamson (t)
Tracks 5,6
United Recorders, Hollywood, September 3, 1959 Marty Paich (arr, con) Claude Williamson, Jr. (p) Herb Ellis (g) Red Mitchell (b) Jack Sperling (d) Pete Candoli, Philip Candreva, Buddy Childers, Stu Williamson (t)
Track 8
Radio Recorders, Hollywood, March 18, 1958 Paul Weston (arr, con) Paul Smith (p) Barney Kessel (g) Joe Mondragon (b) Alvin Stoller (d) John Best, Pete Candoli, Harry "Sweets" Edison, Don Fagerquist, Mannie Klein (t)
Tracks 9-13
Capitol Studios. Hollywood, July 24, 1957 Frank DeVol (arr, con) Arnold Ross (p) Barney Kessel (g) Ben Webster (ts) Abe Luboff, Joe Mondragon, Philip Stephens (b) Alvin Stoller (d) Pete Candoli, Harry "Sweets" Edison, Ray Linn, George Werth (t) Milt Bernha
Track 14
Radio Recorders Annex, Hollywood, March 19, 1958 Weston (arr, con) Harry "Sweets" Edison (t) Leonard Hartman, Matty Matlock. Ted Nash, or Fred Stulce (fl) Paul Smith (p) Barney Kessel (g) Joe Mondragon (vb; Alvin Stoller (d)

</doc>
<doc id="2891848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891848" title="Temco TT Pinto">
Temco TT Pinto

The Temco TT Pinto was a jet-powered, tandem two-place primary trainer aircraft built for the United States Navy by Temco Aircraft of Dallas, Texas.
Design and development.
The Temco Model 51 had been initially proposed to the US Air Force in response to an Air Force competition for a jet-powered primary trainer, which was won by the Cessna T-37 Tweet. The concept behind the Model 51 was an attempt to provide primary training in a jet-powered aircraft. The official name for the Model 51 was the Pinto.
The Pinto was a mid-wing, tricycle landing gear trainer with an enclosed cockpit powered by a single Continental Motors J69-T-9 (license-built Turbomeca Marboré) jet engine. The aircraft carried no armament.
The TT-1s were equipped with many of the same features found in operational jets, including ejection seats, liquid oxygen equipment, speed brakes, along with typical flight controls and instrument panels. Although the flight characteristics were considered good, the "wave off" capability was rated marginal due to being slightly underpowered.
After its first flight in 1956, the prototype was sent to the Naval Air Test Center (NATC) Patuxent River to be evaluated alongside the Beech Model 73 Jet Mentor. Fourteen of the aircraft, designated TT-1, were produced between 1955 and 1957.
AJI T-610 Super Pinto.
In 1968, American Jet Industries (AJI) (later to become Gulfstream Aerospace) re-engined a TT-1 Pinto, replacing the J69 with a General Electric CJ610 (the civil version of the J85), with the modified aircraft, the T-610 Super Pinto, flying on 28 June 1968. The new engine significantly increased performance, with maximum speed reaching , and AJI marketing the aircraft as a light attack aircraft. The prototype Super Pinto, together with drawings and production rights, were purchased to the Philippines Air Force, which planned to build the aircraft as the T-610 Cali.
Operational history.
In 1959, these aircraft served in the Air Training Command at Pensacola, Florida and used in a training program demonstration testing the feasibility of using a jet-powered trainer for primary flight training.
In March 1959, Aviation Cadet E. R. Clark soloed in a TT-1, the first student in naval aviation history to solo a jet without previous experience in propeller aircraft. By the end of 1960, TT-1s were phased out of operations in the Naval Air Training Command and sold as surplus.
Survivors.
Seven of the TT Pinto series currently appear on the U.S. civil roster with four being Super Pintos.

</doc>
<doc id="2891850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891850" title="Les Arsures">
Les Arsures

Les Arsures is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="2891853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891853" title="Albert Baez">
Albert Baez

Albert Vinicio Baez, Ph.D. (November 15, 1912 – March 20, 2007) was a prominent Mexican-American physicist, and the father of singers Joan Baez and Mimi Fariña. He was born in Puebla, Mexico, and his family moved to the United States when he was two years old because his father was a Methodist minister. Baez grew up in Brooklyn and considered becoming a minister before turning to mathematics and physics. He made important contributions to the early development of X-ray microscopes and later X-ray telescopes.
Early life.
Baez earned his bachelor's degree in mathematics from Drew University in 1933 and then a master's degree in mathematics from Syracuse University in 1935. In 1936, he married Joan Chandos Bridge, the daughter of an Episcopalian minister. The couple became Quakers and had three daughters: Pauline, Joan and Mimi. Together they moved to California, where he pursued a doctorate in physics. In 1948, along with Stanford University professor Paul Kirkpatrick (1894–1992), Baez developed the X-ray reflection microscope for examination of living cells. This microscope is still used today in medicine. Baez received his Ph.D. in physics from Stanford in 1950. After graduating, he developed zone plates—concentric circles of alternating opaque and transparent materials to use diffraction instead of refraction to focus X-rays. Much of this work's impact came decades later with the development of very high intensity synchrotron X-ray sources.
Academic life.
As the Cold War arose in the 1950s, Baez's talents were in high demand for the developing arms race. However, influenced by his family's pacifist beliefs, he refused lucrative war industry jobs, preferring instead to devote his career to education and humanitarianism. From 1950 to 1956, he held a professorship at the University of Redlands, where he continued his X-ray research. Baez took a yearlong leave to work with UNESCO in 1951, stationing his family in Baghdad to establish the physics department and laboratory at Baghdad University. In 1959, Baez accepted a faculty position at MIT, and moved his family to the Boston area. In 1960, working with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, MA, he developed optics for an X-ray telescope. Later that year he moved to the faculty of Harvey Mudd College, and moved his family to Claremont, California. From 1961 to 1967, he directed science teaching for UNESCO in Paris.
Baez was the author of the textbook "The New College Physics: A Spiral Approach" (1967). He was also the co-author of the textbook "The Environment and Science and Technology Education" (1987) and the memoir "A Year in Baghdad" (1988). Baez was not limited to print media, though, making almost 100 films about physics for the Encyclopædia Britannica Educational Corp from 1967 to 1974. Baez also chaired the Commission on Education of the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources from 1979 to 1983.
In June 1974 Baez was awarded an honorary degree by the British Open University as Doctor of the University.
Retirement.
After his retirement, Baez occasionally delivered physics lectures and was president of Vivamos Mejor/USA, an organization founded in 1988 to help impoverished villages in Mexico. Its projects include preschool education, environmental projects, and community and educational activities. In 1991, the International Society for Optical Engineering awarded him and Kirkpatrick the Dennis Gabor Award for pioneering contributions to the development of X-ray imaging microscopes and X-ray imaging telescopes. In 1995, the Hispanic Engineer National Achievement Awards Corporation (HENAAC) established the Albert V. Baez Award for Technical Excellence and Service to Humanity. Baez himself was inducted into the HENAAC Hall of Fame in 1998.
Baez was the father of folk singers Joan Baez and Mimi Fariña, and Pauline Bryan; he also was the uncle of mathematical physicist John Baez. He had three grandchildren and one great-granddaughter. He died of natural causes March 20, 2007 at age 94 in the Redwood City care home where he had lived for the prior three years. Baez had been divorced from his wife, Joan Bridge Baez, for several years, at the time of his death. (According to the singer Joan Baez, speaking at the 2009 Newport Folk Festival, her parents married each other a second time before his death. His obituary in the New York Times states that "his survivors include his wife, Joan Bridge Baez of Woodside, Calif." )
At a private dinner in 1982, when asked how it was to be the father of a famous person, Baez told the following story with great delight: "I was at a conference dinner, and as usual a young man was looking carefully at my name tag. Finally, he got up the courage to ask the inevitable question about my relationship to Joan Baez. But instead he asked, 'Are you Albert Baez, the inventor of the X-ray microscope?' Now, THAT was a compliment!"

</doc>
<doc id="2891858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891858" title="Tigalari alphabet">
Tigalari alphabet

Tigalari (Sanskrit: तिगळारि लिपि, Kannada: ತಿಗಳಾರಿ ಲಿಪಿ ,"Tigaḷāri lipi") is a southern Brahmic script used in the Coastal and Malnad regions of Karnataka, also prevalent in Kasaragod district of Kerala. Sometimes it also known as the Tulu script based upon the practice of linking writing systems to languages. It evolved from the Grantha script. It bears high similarity and relationship to its sister script Malayalam, which also evolved from the Grantha. It was primarily used by Tulu-speaking Brahmins like Shivalli Brahmins and Havyaka Kannada Brahmins to write Vedic mantras and other Sanskrit religious texts. Sanskrit is the main language of the script.But some Kannada and Tulu works are also available. It is currently not used to write the Kannada and Tulu languages as they use the Kannada script for documentation.
Works in the script.
Thousands of manuscripts have been found in this script such as Vedas, Upanishads, Jyotisha, Dharmashastra, Purana and many more.Most of the manuscripts are in Sanskrit.But, some Kannada manuscripts are also found such as "Gokarna Mahatmyam" which are mainly in Havyaka dialect. "Tulu Mahabharato" is the earliest piece of literature, from the 15th century written in this script in Tulu language. But earlier to this several 12th-13th century Sanskrit manuscripts of Madhvacharya are also found. Other manuscripts like "Devi Mahatme", from the 15th century and two epic poems written in 17th century, namely "Sri Bhagavata" and "Kaveri" have also been found.
Region where used.
The script is used all over Canara region of Coastal Karnataka.The districts include Uttara Kannada, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and Kasaragod district of Kerala. Many manuscripts are also found in Shimoga and Chikkamagaluru Districts.In Malnad and Uttara Kannada region the script is known as Tigalari. There are innumerable manuscripts found in this region. The major language of manuscripts is Sanskrit, mainly the works of Veda, Jyotisha and other Sanskrit epics. Some works are also available in vernacular Kannada and Tulu languages.The Honnavar in Uttara Kannada District is known for its Samaveda manuscripts.
Decline.
This script is used mainly for religious purposes. It was never used for official or political purposes, and so was not promoted by any state.
As printing came to Kannada and scripts of India, native users adopted Kannada as more typefaces and metal fonts were available. This led to gradual decrease in the script.
Today.
Today the usage of the script has decreased. It is still used in parts of Kanara region and traditional "maṭha"s of undivided Dakshina Kannada and Uttara Kannada Districts.
The National Mission for Manuscripts has conducted several workshops on Tigalari script. Dharmasthala and the Ashta Mathas of Udupi have done significant work in preserving the script. Several studies and research work has been done on Tigalari script. Keladi houses over 400 manuscripts in Tigalari script.
Places where Tigalari manuscripts are preserved.
Apart from these they are also found in Dharmasthala and the Ashta Mathas of Udupi.
Malayalam script resemblance.
Tigalari and Malayalam are both descended from Grantha script, and resemble each other both in their individual letters and in using consonant conjuncts less than other Indic scripts. It is assumed that a single script, called Tulu-Malayalam script or Transitional Grantha and sometimes called Western Grantha, evolved from Grantha script and later divided into two scripts.
Characters.
Expected Unicode character names are:
A folio from Tigalari manuscript in Sanskrit language-Vidyamadhaviyam-Jyotisha Shastram
Comparison of the Grantha script, the Malayalam script, and the Tulu script ("ka", "kha", "ga", "gha", ):
Consonant-vowel glyphs.
The following table shows how consonant-vowel glyphs look like in the Tulu script. For example, the row labeled "k" shows "ka", "kā", "ki", "kī", "ku", "kū", , "ke", "kai", "ko", "kau", , and . The distinction between short "e" and long "ē", and between short "o" and long "ō", is not made in this script.
References.
TULU LIPI PARICHAYA -Dr. Radhakrishna N Belluru -Tulu Sahitya Academy
Compureraised Tulu Script -Dr. Radhakrishna N Belluru -Tuluvere Ayano Samithi, Badiyadke

</doc>
<doc id="2891861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891861" title="Tule Lake">
Tule Lake

Tule Lake is an intermittent lake covering an area of , long and across, in northeastern Siskiyou County and northwestern Modoc County in California, along the border with Oregon.
Geography.
Tule Lake is fed by the Lost River. The elevation of the lake is .
Tule Lake is located , southwest of the town of Tulelake in Northern California.
Wildlife and water.
It is part of the Tule Lake National Wildlife Refuge and the Klamath Project.
History.
Canby's Cross is located about three miles south of the lake; it is the site where General Edward Canby was killed by the Modoc chief "Kintpuash," also known to American settlers as Captain Jack. 
During World War II, the United States government forced the evacuation of Japanese nationals and Japanese Americans, including citizens born in the United States, to numerous camps built in the interior of California and inland states. They were forced to sell their businesses and homes, and suffered enormous economic and psychological losses by being treated as potential enemies. The Tule Lake War Relocation Center, a Japanese American internment camp, is located to the east in neighboring Modoc County.

</doc>
<doc id="2891867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891867" title="Archon of Pella">
Archon of Pella

Archon (Ancient Greek: ; died 321 BC) was a Pellaean, appointed satrap of Babylonia after the death of Alexander the Great (323 BC), is probably the same as the son of Cleinias mentioned in the Indian expedition of Alexander. He perished in 321 BC in a fight against Docimus. As it is proved from an inscription in Delphi, Archon had taken part both in Isthmian and Pythian Games of c. 333-332 BC, where he won in horse-races.

</doc>
<doc id="2891871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891871" title="Lewis Morris (governor)">
Lewis Morris (governor)

Lewis Morris (15 October 1671 – 21 May 1746), chief justice of New York and British governor of New Jersey, was the first lord of the manor of Morrisania in New York (in what is now the Bronx).
Biography.
Born on the estate of his parents, Richard Morris (originally from Monmouthshire, Wales) and Sarah (Pole) Morris in 1671, this Lewis Morris was the first in a lengthy string of men with the same name to inherit the prominent estate of Morrisania in the southwest section of today's Bronx. Richard and Sarah moved their estate from Barbados to the Bronx after buying the estate from Samuel Edsall in 1670 when it was still known as Broncksland. As the name suggests, Broncksland was the original settlement of Jonas Bronck and his wife, for whom the borough is named. In the fall of 1672, both Richard and Sarah died, leaving only the infant Lewis, barely a year old, as the lord of the manor.
Although the manor was left in the trust of five prominent Westchester citizens until Lewis could rightfully inherit the estate, Matthias Nicoll, secretary of the colony, sent word to Colonel Lewis Morris, the infant's uncle in Barbados. Col. Lewis immediately made plans to move to Morrisania to care for his young nephew and his nephew's estate, which had been somewhat embezzled. Col. Lewis made great pains to secure his nephew's lost property, including a few slaves that had been captured and resold. He was even successful in petitioning for an additional land grant with the help of family friend, Walter Webley. When the childless Col. Lewis and his wife, Mary, died, the now fully-grown Lewis inherited the estate in 1691.
Lewis married Isabella Graham and was later appointed Chief Justice of New York. When William Cosby was appointed Governor of New York, his opponents were called "Morrisites" as Lewis Morris was a prominent critic, whom Cosby dismissed from the court. His dismissal led directly to the John Peter Zenger trial affirming Freedom of speech in the United States.
In 1738, New Jersey petitioned the crown for a distinct administration from New York, and Lewis Morris served as Governor of New Jersey until his death. His remains are in the Morris family crypt at St. Ann's Church in the Bronx.
He was the grandfather of Lewis Morris (1726–1798), a signer of the Declaration of Independence from New York.
He was an ancestor of the Louisiana publisher Sarah Hudson-Pierce.

</doc>
<doc id="2891875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891875" title="Microsoft Japan">
Microsoft Japan

Microsoft Japan, officially , is a division of the United States-based computer technology corporation Microsoft based in Japan. The headquarters is in a skyscraper in the Shinagawa district of Tokyo.
Sponsorship.
Since 2004 the company has sponsored the Microsoft Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="2891878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891878" title="Art and part">
Art and part

Art and part is a term used in Scots law to denote the aiding or abetting in the perpetration of a crime, or being an accessory before or at the perpetration of the crime. There is no such offence recognized in Scotland as that of being an accessory after the fact.
Under section 293 of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995, a person may be convicted of, and punished for, a contravention of any enactment, notwithstanding that he was guilty of such contravention as art and part only.

</doc>
<doc id="2891880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891880" title="Dennis Washington">
Dennis Washington

Dennis R. Washington (born 1934) is a Montana-based industrialist and philanthropist who owns, or co-owns controlling interest in, a large consortium of privately held companies collectively known as the Washington Companies and, in Canada, another collection of companies known as the Seaspan Marine Corporation. With an estimated net worth of around $6 billion, he is ranked by "Forbes" as the 79th-richest person in America.
Biography.
Born in Spokane, Dennis Washington grew up in Spokane, Bremerton, Washington, and Missoula, Montana. Following graduation from high school, he worked in construction in Alaska and Montana. He began his business career at age 30 in 1964, with a $30,000 loan and a single bulldozer . He created Washington Construction, which worked primarily on highway contracts and by 1969 was the largest contractor in Montana.
In the 1970s he moved into mining and dam construction. In 1986 he acquired a copper and molybdenum mine at Butte, Montana. He successfully reopened the mine and it became a very profitable operation. This success helped him diversify into railroads, marine services, coastal shipping, aviation and real estate. In 1996 Washington Construction acquired global construction and engineering company Morrison-Knudsen Corporation of Boise, Idaho, creating Washington Group International.
Dennis Washington also owns a large private estate on Stuart Island, British Columbia, including a luxury fishing lodge and golf course. The Washington-Grizzly Stadium for football at the University of Montana is named for him. He also provided the yacht "Attessa" featured in the film Overboard 
Included in the Washington Companies' holdings are:

</doc>
<doc id="2891881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2891881" title="National team appearances in the FIVB Volleyball World Championship">
National team appearances in the FIVB Volleyball World Championship

This article gives the detailed results of each FIVB Volleyball World Championship

</doc>
