<doc id="2870010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870010" title="Wandering set">
Wandering set

In those branches of mathematics called dynamical systems and ergodic theory, the concept of a wandering set formalizes a certain idea of movement and mixing in such systems. When a dynamical system has a wandering set of non-zero measure, then the system is a dissipative system. This is very much the opposite of a conservative system, for which the ideas of the Poincaré recurrence theorem apply. Intuitively, the connection between wandering sets and dissipation is easily understood: if a portion of the phase space "wanders away" during normal time-evolution of the system, and is never visited again, then the system is dissipative. The language of wandering sets can be used to give a precise, mathematical definition to the concept of a dissipative system. The notion of wandering sets in phase space was introduced by Birkhoff in 1927.
Wandering points.
A common, discrete-time definition of wandering sets starts with a map formula_1 of a topological space "X". A point formula_2 is said to be a wandering point if there is a neighbourhood "U" of "x" and a positive integer "N" such that for all formula_3, the iterated map is non-intersecting:
A handier definition requires only that the intersection have measure zero. To be precise, the definition requires that "X" be a measure space, i.e. part of a triple formula_5 of Borel sets formula_6 and a measure formula_7 such that
Similarly, a continuous-time system will have a map formula_9 defining the time evolution or flow of the system, with the time-evolution operator formula_10 being a one-parameter continuous abelian group action on "X":
In such a case, a wandering point formula_2 will have a neighbourhood "U" of "x" and a time "T" such that for all times formula_13, the time-evolved map is of measure zero:
These simpler definitions may be fully generalized to a general group action. Let formula_15 be a measure space, that is, a set with a measure defined on its Borel subsets. Let formula_16 be a group acting on that set. Given a point formula_17, the set
is called the trajectory or orbit of the point "x".
An element formula_17 is called a wandering point if there exists a neighborhood "U" of "x" and a neighborhood "V" of the identity in formula_16 such that 
for all formula_22.
Non-wandering points.
The definition for a non-wandering point is in a sense the converse. In the discrete case, formula_2 is non-wandering if, for every open set "U" containing "x", one has that
for some formula_25 and any formula_26 arbitrarily large. Similar definitions follow for the continuous-time and discrete and continuous group actions.
Wandering sets and dissipative systems.
A wandering set is a collection of wandering points. More precisely, a subset "W" of formula_27 is a wandering set under the action of a discrete group formula_16 if "W" is measurable and if, for any formula_29 the intersection
is a set of measure zero.
The concept of a wandering set is in a sense dual to the ideas expressed in the Poincaré recurrence theorem. If there exists a wandering set of positive measure, then the action of formula_16 is said to be dissipative, and the dynamical system formula_32 is said to be a dissipative system. If there is no such wandering set, the action is said to be conservative, and the system is a conservative system. For example, any system for which the Poincaré recurrence theorem holds cannot have, by definition, a wandering set of positive measure; and is thus an example of a conservative system.
Define the trajectory of a wandering set "W" as
The action of formula_16 is said to be completely dissipative if there exists a wandering set "W" of positive measure, such that the orbit formula_35 is almost-everywhere equal to formula_27, that is, if
is a set of measure zero.

</doc>
<doc id="2870016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870016" title="Dolores Erickson">
Dolores Erickson

Dolores Erickson (born in 1937 in Seattle, Washington) is a model and artist. She came to prominence by appearing as a model on a number of album covers, most notably "Whipped Cream & Other Delights" (1965) by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass.
Modeling.
Erickson started her modeling career in 1952 at the age of 15 by going with a friend to a modeling contest for a department store, Frederick & Nelson in Seattle. While there with her friend, the fashion coordinator of the store asked Erickson to compete as well. This led her to additional modeling work and a few beauty pageants, including being voted "Miss Longshoreman" in Seattle for Seafair.
Erickson started college at the University of Washington, but while on a vacation to San Francisco, she applied for a job as a model for Macy's. She decided to leave school and model as a career.
Erickson later became a model with the Ford Modeling Agency doing photo shoots for fashion layouts and cosmetics companies such as Max Factor. She appeared on album covers for artists such as The Kingston Trio ("Sold Out"), Cy Coleman ("Piano Witchcraft"), Nat King Cole ("The Touch of Your Lips"), and The Sandpipers ("Guantanamera").
"Whipped Cream & Other Delights".
Erickson had known Herb Alpert long before "Whipped Cream" and watched part of the recording of "The Lonely Bull" album in Alpert's garage in 1962. Erickson and Alpert were members of a group of friends that included art director Peter Whorf.
Alpert and Jerry Moss, his business partner in A&M records, were originally not impressed with the sketches of the cover but they agreed to it. The photo shoot was done in one afternoon with Erickson covered with shaving cream with a dollop of whipped cream on her head. Erickson was three months pregnant at the time of the photo shoot, which could have increased her bust size, although she felt that there had been no visible change. As the shoot progressed, the shaving cream began to slide down her breasts slightly. Whorf had taken a couple pictures of this and sent the proofs, along with numerous other shots, to Erickson for her portfolio. When she saw the more risqué pictures, she took them over to a girlfriend's house and hid them behind her refrigerator because she didn't want her husband to find them. Initially, Alpert felt an image like that "was maybe pushing it a little too far...I thought the censors would be down on it. But in 2006 it looks pretty darn tame.”
Later years.
Starting in 1979, Erickson went on to do more modeling, returned to school for art, and eventually opened her own art studio. She later closed the studio to paint full time.
Erickson has been divorced twice. She was last married to attorney Robert Hufthines. She has one son, Brett. She currently resides in Kelso, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="2870018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870018" title="Milltown Brothers">
Milltown Brothers

Milltown Brothers are an English Indie band from Colne, Lancashire.
Career.
Their first release, in 1989, was the "Coming From The Mill" EP which became single of the week in the "NME" magazine, and featured the songs "Roses", "We've Got Time" and "Something On My Mind". The same publication tipped Milltown Brothers for stardom in the 1990s, along with The Hoovers, Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine, The Charlatans, The Mock Turtles and New Fast Automatic Daffodils.
The band's second indie single was "Which Way Should I Jump", with "Silvertown" as the B-side. After the band signed to A&M Records worldwide in 1990, "Which Way Should I Jump?" was re-recorded and charted in the UK Singles Chart at number 38, and reached number 10 in the U.S. Billboard Modern Rock chart.
An album, called "Slinky", followed. It peaked at number 27 in the UK Albums Chart. The next single released from the album was "Here I Stand", which was also used as the theme tune for the television programme, "Preston Front". It peaked at number 41 in the UK Singles Chart. They were supported on the tour to promote this album by the Beware the Green Monkey, fronted by Bruce Thomas with Paul Chapman on bass. 
In 1993 the band released the album "Valve". It was not as successful as "Slinky" and they left the A&M label. It took ten years for the band to work together again, but in March 2004, they released their third studio album, "Rubberband", which was released on their own label and made available at their website.

</doc>
<doc id="2870019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870019" title="Solihull Barons">
Solihull Barons

Solihull Barons 
are an English ice hockey team from the town of Solihull who play at Solihull Ice Rink on Hobbs Moat Road. They were formed in 2005. They are named after the team of the same name who played at the same ice rink between 1972 and 1996. From May 2002 to April 2003, Solihull MK Kings played at Hobs Moat Road Rink.
History.
Canadian Rick Fera played for the original Solihull Barons in the 1987-88 season. They won the Southern League in 1977-78 and the English league in 1992-93.
The current Solihull Barons team was formed in 2005 and played in the English Premier Ice Hockey League. At the end of the 2006-07 season they dropped down to the English National Ice Hockey League (ENIHL). The ENIHL was restructured for the 2008-09 season into two regional divisions North and South, with two leagues in each region. The Barons compete in the Northern Division Two.
The team hold charity games for Birmingham Children's Hospital. 
The club has a youth system, which starts at Under-10s.
The teams are - 

</doc>
<doc id="2870025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870025" title="Helene Aylon">
Helene Aylon

Helène Aylon (born February 4, 1931 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American multimedia ecofeminist artist. Her work can be divided into three phases: Process art in the '70s; anti-nuclear art in the '80s; and "The G-d Project", a feminist commentary on the Hebrew Bible and other established traditions, in the '90s and 2000s.
Early life.
Aylon was raised in Brooklyn's Borough Park and became the wife of a rabbi while still in her teens. She studied with Ad Reinhardt at Brooklyn College in the late 1950s, and was widowed in 1960.
Marriage and children.
Aylon's daughter is the drama therapy pioneer Renée Emunah, and her son is Nathaniel Fisch, director of the Graduate Program in Plasma Physics (a graduate degree program within the Department of Astrophysical Sciences)) at Princeton University.
Work.
Her first large work was a 16-foot wall painting commissioned in 1965 for the now-extinct library in the chapel of New York’s JFK Airport, which was featured in "ARTnews" in December 1966.
Process art.
In 1970 and 1972, Aylon showed at Max Hutchinson Gallery in SoHo, and in 1975 and 1979 she showed her "Paintings that Change in Time" at Betty Parsons Gallery, Susan Caldwell Gallery, MIT, and the Oakland Museum. Her best-known Process art of the 1970s includes "Paintings that Change in Time" and "The Breakings", both relying on poured linseed oil, gravity, and chance.
Anti-nuclear art.
In the 1980s, Aylon's work focused on anti-nuclear activism. In her monumental kinetic performance saga "The Earth Ambulance", she gathered soil from Strategic Air Command nuclear bases across the country into pillowcases and transported them to the United Nations Second Special Session on Disarmament on June 12, 1982. "The Earth Ambulance" was shown in the Brooklyn Bridge Anchorage by Creative Time in 1992, and was acquired and shown at the Hudson Valley Center for Contemporary Art in Peekskill, New York, from 2004 to 2008. Her ongoing "Bridge of Knots" installations, covering the facades of museums with knotted pillowcases scripted with dreams and nightmares about nuclear war, have been shown at the Knoxville Museum of Art in 1993, the Berkeley Art Museum in 1995, and the American University Museum, Washington, D.C. in 2006. In 1995, Aylon's video of "two sacs en route" on the waters of Japan to Hiroshima and Nagasaki was shown on the Sony Jumbotron in Times Square.
The G-d Project.
Aylon's two-decade body of work, "The G-d Project: Nine Houses Without Women", is a series of installations confronting gender inequality and acknowledging forgotten foremothers. The first of the nine installations is "The Liberation of G-d", a "reexamination of sacred texts from a feminist point of view is very much in keeping with the Jewish tradition of "midrash", or biblical commentary, which has engaged Jewish scholars for millenia." The finale, "All Rise," is an imagined feminist court, where women who have been forbidden to judge on a "Beit Din", the Jewish court of law, can now judge.
Aylon’s work is in the permanent collections of the Whitney Museum, the Museum of Modern Art, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, and the Jewish Museum. She is the recipient of grants from the National Endowment for the Arts, the Pollock-Krasner Foundation, the New York State Council for the Arts, and the New York Foundation for the Arts. She has taught at Hunter College and San Francisco State University, and is a frequent speaker on art, women’s spirituality, and Jewish studies. She lives in New York City.
Her memoir, "Whatever Is Contained Must Be Released: My Jewish Orthodox Girlhood — My Life as a Feminist Artist", was published by The Feminist Press in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2870029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870029" title="Chicken suit">
Chicken suit

A chicken suit is a novelty costume that exaggerates the features of chickens. Chicken suits usually fit someone up to 6' 1" and 200 lbs. 
A chicken suit can be used at parties and other events or as a costume for school mascots. Some chicken barbecue companies bring a chicken suit with them for members of the group for whom the barbecue is held to wear in order to advertise the event. Whereas some other costumes such as a Gorilla suit may have the same approximate physical size as the actual animal and under some circumstances roughly pass for the real thing (i.e., in movies and television), chicken suits are always a form of caricature with a cartoonish appearance. One such example is the San Diego Chicken.
Once, as a joke, European ice skater Oksana Baiul entered the ice skating rink wearing a chicken suit.
For an episode of the MTV show Jackass, skateboarder Tony Hawk drove through a looping ramp in a chicken suit.

</doc>
<doc id="2870031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870031" title="Whiting, New Jersey">
Whiting, New Jersey

Whiting is an unincorporated community in Ocean County, New Jersey. It is a section of Manchester Township, New Jersey on the west side of the township. It is in the Eastern Standard time zone with an elevation of 180 ft. It is known for many retirement communities.
Whiting was once a station stop on the Southern branch of the Central Railroad of New Jersey, a line known for the "Blue Comet" express. The line, which lain dormant for two decades, will soon host freight trains bound for Woodmansie, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="2870036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870036" title="Peter Housden">
Peter Housden

Sir Peter James Housden, KCB (born 1950) is Permanent Secretary of the Scottish Government since July 2010. [http://www.cabinetoffice.gov.uk/newsroom/news_releases/2010/100521-housden.aspx] He was previously Permanent Secretary of the Department for Communities and Local Government.
He was educated at Grove Comprehensive School, Market Drayton, Shropshire and at the University of Essex where he took a First in Social Science. After graduating in 1973, Peter Housden began his career as a comprehensive school teacher in Shropshire and worked as an education officer in three county LEAs before being appointed as Director of Education in Nottinghamshire in 1991. In 1994, Peter was appointed as Chief Executive and in his seven years in that post managed Nottinghamshire County Council through Local Government Review and a wide-ranging programme of modernisation. In September 2000 he was seconded to the Audit Commission for six months to lead their work on the NHS National Plan.
Housden joined the Department for Education and Skills in November 2001 as Director General for Schools. He had overall responsibility for all the Department's work in schools and in early years, and for current priorities on primary standards and secondary reform. He held this role until his appointment as Permanent Secretary of ODPM in 2005. [http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/+/http://www.number10.gov.uk/Page8224]
Peter Housden is an associate fellow of Warwick Business School at the University of Warwick, and a Trustee of the Work Foundation. His publications include 'Local Statesman', an oral history of post-war local government in Nottinghamshire published by the Local Government Centre, Warwick University in 2000, and 'Bucking the Market: LEAs and Special Needs' (NASEN, 1993). He is also a Member of the Council of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution.
Housden was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2010 Birthday Honours.
In his current role as Scotland's Permanent Secretary, Sir Peter is the senior Civil Servant in Scotland and leads more than 5000 civil servants working for the Scottish Government. 
Sir Peter is the principal policy adviser to Scotland's First Minister and Secretary to the Cabinet. He is also the Principal Accountable Officer for the Scottish Government, with personal responsibility for the propriety and regularity of Government finance and for economic, efficient and effective use of all related resources.
Sir Peter is a member of the Scottish Leaders Forum, which drives work to deliver improvements across public services in Scotland. At a UK level, Sir Peter is a member of the Civil Service Board. 

</doc>
<doc id="2870039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870039" title="Tridecoder">
Tridecoder


</doc>
<doc id="2870042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870042" title="Fax art">
Fax art

Fax art is art specifically designed to be sent or transmitted by a facsimile machine, where the "fax art" is the received "fax". It is also called telecommunications art or telematic art. "Fax art was another means of mediating distances," according to art historians Annmarie Chandler and Norie Neumark. Fax art was first "faxed" in 1980, but that was not "documented" until 1985. The earliest scholarly "note" of fax art in art history was in 1990 by Karen O'Rourke.

</doc>
<doc id="2870051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870051" title="George Fletcher (politician)">
George Fletcher (politician)

"For the legal scholar, see George P. Fletcher"
George Fletcher (circa 1666 – circa March 1708) was the eldest son of Sir George Fletcher, 2nd Baronet by his second wife Mary, daughter of James Johnstone, 1st Earl of Hartfell. From a local Whig family, he represented the borough of Cockermouth in the Parliament of England from 1698 to 1701 and the county of Cumberland from 1701 to 1702 and then from 1705 to his death. He died without issue, so the baronetcy became extinct on the death of his elder half-brother Sir Henry Fletcher, 3rd Bt.

</doc>
<doc id="2870065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870065" title="Marshall Rogers">
Marshall Rogers

William Marshall Rogers III (January 22, 1950 – March 24, 2007), known professionally as Marshall Rogers, was an American comic-book artist best known for his work at Marvel and DC Comics in the 1970s, particularly as one of the illustrators of Batman and Silver Surfer. In addition, Rogers illustrated one of the first graphic novels, "Detectives Inc." (1979).
Biography.
William Marshall Rogers III was born in the Flushing neighborhood of the New York City borough of Queens, and raised there and in Ardsley, New York. He took up mechanical drawing in high school, and then attended Kent State University, in Ohio, to study architecture, feeling this
He left college in 1971, before graduating, and returned home to New York, where he discovered his family was moving to Denver, Colorado, where his father's employer, Johns Manville, was relocating. Opting to remain, he completed a 52-page story he had begun in college and presented it in 1972 as a sample to Marvel Comics production manager John Verpoorten, who found Rogers' work wanting. To earn a living, Rogers did illustrations for men's magazines that he described as "eal low-grade schlock sleazo magazines that had illustrations to precede the stories." When one client went bankrupt, owing him at least $1,000, a friend, Jim Geraghty, offered him a rent-free house for the winter in Easthampton, New York, on Long Island, in exchange for "four or five illustrations" for a local art project. The following summer he worked in a hardware store for several months, was fired, and while living on unemployment benefits approached the short-lived Atlas/Seaboard Comics and
At some unspecified point, "I bounced in and out of a shipping clerk job" and did some retouching work for DC Comics, on reprints of 1940s Batman stories. He continued showing samples to both Marvel and DC, and in 1977, his artwork began interesting Marie Severin and Vince Colletta, the two companies' respective art directors. "That got me my first job; it wasn't really the drawing ability," he said in 1980, "as much as my design capabilities."
Some of his first comic-book work appeared in the black-and-white magazine "The Deadly Hands of Kung Fu", where he worked with writer Chris Claremont on a story featuring the "Iron Fist" supporting characters Misty Knight and Colleen Wing as the Daughters of the Dragon. He eschewed the grey wash that was used in other black-and-white comics stories in favor of applying screentone.
With writer Steve Englehart, Rogers penciled an acclaimed run on the character Batman in "Detective Comics" #471-476 (Aug. 1977 - April 1978), providing one of the definitive interpretations that influenced the 1989 movie "Batman" and be adapted for the 1990s animated series. The Englehart and Rogers pairing, was described in 2009 by comics writer and historian Robert Greenberger as "one of the greatest" creative teams to work on the Batman character. DC Comics writer and executive Paul Levitz noted in 2010 that "Arguably fans' best-loved version of Batman in the mid-1970s, writer Steve Englehart and penciller Rogers's "Detective" run featured an unambiguously homicidal Joker...in noirish, moodily rendered stories that evoked the classic Kane-Robinson era." In their story "The Laughing Fish", the Joker is brazen enough to disfigure fish with a rictus grin, then expects to be granted a federal trademark on them, only to start killing bureaucrats who try to explain that obtaining such a claim on a natural resource is legally impossible. Rogers also penciled the origin story of the Golden Age Batman in "Secret Origins" #6 (Sept. 1986) with writer Roy Thomas and inker Terry Austin.
The two also did a sequel miniseries, "Batman: Dark Detective", and had worked together on other series, such as "The Silver Surfer". Also striking was Rogers' short run on DC's revived "Mister Miracle" series. Englehart and Rogers' first Batman run was collected in the trade paperback "Batman: Strange Apparitions" (ISBN 1-56389-500-5), and the second run in "Batman: Dark Detective" (ISBN 1-4012-0898-3). Rogers remained as artist on "Detective Comics" for a few issues after Englehart's departure from the series. With writer Len Wein, Rogers co-created the third version of the supervillain Clayface.
An Englehart-Rogers story featuring Madame Xanadu that sat in inventory for a few years would be published as a one-shot in 1981, in DC's first attempt at marketing comics specifically to the "direct market" of fans and collectors. In 1986, Rogers drew a graphic novel adaptation of "Demon with a Glass Hand", an episode of "The Outer Limits" television series, based on a script by Harlan Ellison. It was the fifth title of the "DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel" series.
At Eclipse Comics during the early 1980s, he collaborated on the graphic novel "Detectives, Inc." with writer Don McGregor; illustrated the "Scorpio Rose" series and the first "Coyote" series written by Englehart, and wrote and drew his own whimsical series "Cap'N Quick & A Foozle". In 1992, McGregor and Rogers crafted a two part story for Marvel in "" issues #27-28 dealing with bullying and gun violence.
Personal life.
Rogers' mother was Ann White Rogers. He had a sister, Suzanne, and adopted son, Russell Young.
Rogers died on March 24, 2007, at his home in Fremont, California. His "Batman" collaborator Steve Englehart said he was told by Spencer Beck, Rogers' agent, that, "His son found him. They think it was a heart attack, and that he might have been dead for a while.”
Bibliography.
Comics work (interior pencil art, except where noted) includes:

</doc>
<doc id="2870066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870066" title="Thunderbirds Are Now!">
Thunderbirds Are Now!

Thunderbirds are Now! is a Livonia, Michigan-based post-punk revival band whose sound uses a mix of traditional post-punk, new wave and noise rock. The band is heavily influenced by 1980s new wave and other post-punk revival acts like Les Savy Fav. They are currently signed to French Kiss Records, however they have two releases on Action Driver Records and one self-released album.
The band's name is based on the popular British television program Thunderbirds, known for its use of marionettes.

</doc>
<doc id="2870067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870067" title="ASEC Mimosas">
ASEC Mimosas

The Association Sportive des Employés de Commerce Mimosas, literally Mimosas Commerce Employees' Sporting Association, is an Ivorian football club based in Abidjan. The club is also known as "ASEC Mimosas Abidjan" and "ASEC Abidjan", especially in international club competitions. Founded in 1948, they are the most successful side in Ivorian football, having won the Ivorian Premier Division 24 times and the 1998 CAF Champions League. In addition, ASEC's Académie MimoSifcom has produced a number of famous players now based in top foreign leagues, including Bonaventure Kalou, Didier Zokora, Emmanuel Eboué, Gervinho, Salomon Kalou, Romaric, Didier Ya Konan, and Yaya Touré, all of whom have played internationally.
History.
ASEC Mimosas was founded on 1 January 1948 by a group of businessmen from Western Africa, Lebanon and France. The club originates from a place called "Sol-béni" in Abidjan-M'pouto, which today is the name of their training complex. In the following years, ASEC competed in the Championship of Abidjan together with their eternal rival Africa Sports, with their first professional coach being Frenchman Guy Fabre in 1954. Fabre also shaped the club's philosophy of "que les enfants s'amusent... en jouant au football" (may the children have fun... by playing football).
After Independence in 1960, ASEC won its first title in the newly found Premier Division in 1963. In the early 1970s, ASEC rose to power by winning the league title 5 out of 6 possible times from 1970 to 1975. This was the era of players as Laurent Pokou and Eustache Manglé. In the next years, it was Africa Sports who dominated the league, with ASEC winning only once in 1980.
On 19 November 1989, advocate Roger Ouégnin was elected as club president. In his wish to professionalize the club, he introduced Philippe Troussier as coach from 1989 till 1992. This was the time for ASEC to return to old strength, winning the championship six consecutive times between 1990 and 1995. ASEC also provided the backbone of the national team that won the 1992 African Cup of Nations, including key members of the side such as Ben Badi, Donald-Olivier Sié and Basile Aka Kouamé. After having qualified for the semi-finals already five times before, ASEC finally won the CAF Champions League in 1998. For some players, this was the chance to sign for a European club, for example team captain Tchiressoua Guel, who joined Olympique de Marseille afterwards. A few years later, ASEC bet their own record by winning the league seven consecutive times between 2000 and 2006.
In 1993, former French national player Jean-Marc Guillou joined the club staff as director, manager and financier. Together with chairman Roger Ouégnin, he founded the Académie MimoSifcom at "Sol Béni". In the following weeks, they started to scout amongst thousands of young kids to form the first promotions to receive coaching and education. In 1999, following ASECs success in the 1998 Champions League, ASEC faced Espérance Sportive de Tunis in the CAF Super Cup. But most of the old players were aged, had left the club or at least wanted to. So Guillou and Ouégnin decided to replace the old squad with the first products of the Academy, most of them only aged around 17/18 years. The own protested against this measure and Espérance's president Slim Chiboub called it a "scandal to be playing against children". However, the young ASEC squad surprisingly beat the their opponents by 3 to 1 goals and brought in the second big international title for their club. Amongst others, Boubacar 'Copa' Barry, Kolo Touré, Didier Zokora, Gilles Yapi Yapo, Siaka Tiéné, Abdoulaye Djire, Venance Zézé, and Aruna Dindane were part of that squad.
When Guillou became manager of Belgian side K.S.K. Beveren in 2001, many of the Academy's players joined him. As a result, the Belgian team consisted mainly out of Ivorian players for several years. These could use Beveren as a chance to show their talent to top European clubs. Players as Yaya Touré, Arthur Boka, Emmanuel Eboué, Gervinho, Romaric and Copa all had their time in Beveren. This lasted till 2006, when Guillou and Beveren broke up with ASEC Mimosas.
ASEC then linked up with Charlton Athletic.
Satellite clubs.
The following clubs are affiliated with ASEC:
Académie MimoSifcom.
ASECs youth academy has been described as the crown jewel of African football. The academy started by Roger Ouégnin and Jean-Marc Guillou in 1993 at ASEC's training complex has since produced many international stars. The student-athletes are given an education, for which they take classes in math, history, geography, physics, French, English, and Spanish. The students live in dorms during the week and have two training sessions a day. They play matches on Saturday and get health care and tutoring.
Current squad.
Transfers.
for transfers see: ASEC Mimosas transfers
Club life.
The club's colours are yellow and black; the badge displays a Mimosa. Together with their biggest rival Africa Sports National, they contest the most important ivorian football derby. These two are also the only clubs allowed to play their home games in Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny.
ASEC has, after own declarations, more than 8,000,000 fans in Ivory Coast and 15,000,000 in the whole region. The fans are called the "Actionnaires". They are organised in the "CNACO" ("Comité National d`Action et de Coordination", = National Committee for Action and Coordination), which has 40,000 members and consists out of 350 commissions.
Records.
ASEC holds the world record for unbeaten league games, racking up 108 league and domestic cup games without loss between 1989 and 1994 before they were eventually beaten by SO Armee; four more than the unbeaten run of Steaua Bucureşti in the late 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="2870068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870068" title="Swindon Wildcats">
Swindon Wildcats

The Swindon Wildcats are a professional ice hockey team based in Swindon, Wiltshire, England. They are member of the English Premier Ice Hockey League (EPIHL). Since their inception, the Wildcats have played their home games at the 2800 capacity Link Centre. The club was founded in 1986, as the Swindon Wildcats. This was shortly after the building of the new Leisure Centre the Link Centre.
Logos and uniforms.
Logos.
The Wildcats' logo is an animated Wildcat in the team colours of red and white.
Jerseys.
2012-2013 Season Jerseys.
The jerseys currently worn by the Swindon Wildcats are following the colour scheme of red and white, the colours sported by the team since the 2008-2009 relaunch. They have worn the same jerseys (apart from a few small variations) since the 2008-2009 season.
When they were originally the Wildcat's they wore jerseys matching with the colours of black, yellow, orange and white.
Originally when they returned to the name 'Swindon Wildcats' (2006) they wore colours of blue and white.
Mascot.
The official (and only) mascot for the Swindon Wildcats is an anthropomorphized Wildcat by the name of Willie. He has been the mascot for the 'Cats since their return to the Wildcats in 2004, after three seasons as the Lynx. He wears a Wildcat's jersey with the number 00.
Season-by-season record.
This is a list of the last five seasons completed by the Swindon Wildcats.
Players.
The complete Swindon roster can be found here http://www.swindonwildcats.com/epl/roster/
2013-2014 Season Roster.
"Last Updated 25th August 2013"
Retired Numbers.
6 Lee Brathwaite, D, 1992 - 1997, 1998 - 2009,
7 Bryan Larkin, D, 1991 - 2001,
9 Gary Dickie, F, 1993 - 1997,
14 Daryl Lipsey, F, 1986 - 1995
15 Scott Koberinski, F, 1989 - 1993,
17 Ian Richards, F, 1987 - 1999,
References.
Lee Elliott (26)

</doc>
<doc id="2870072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870072" title="Emilio Eduardo Massera">
Emilio Eduardo Massera

Emilio Eduardo Massera (October 19, 1925 – November 8, 2010) was an Argentine Naval military officer, and a leading participant in the Argentine coup d'état of 1976. In 1981, he was found to be a member of P2 (also known as "Propaganda Due", a clandestine Masonic lodge involved in Italy's strategy of tension). Many considered Massera to have masterminded the junta's Dirty War against political opponents, which resulted in nearly 13,000 deaths and disappearances, according to official records. Human rights groups put the toll closer to 30,000.
Biography.
Coming from a Catholic family, Emilio Massera was born in Paraná, Entre Ríos, to Paula Padula and Emilio Massera, grandson of immigrants from Switzerland. Massera entered Argentina's Naval Military School in 1942, obtaining his commission as a midshipman in 1946. After the "Revolución Libertadora" in 1955, Massera entered the Naval Information Service. During his career he occupied different positions within the Navy, including command of the sail training ship ARA "Libertad" and command of the Sea Fleet in 1973. In 1974 Massera was promoted to the rank of full Admiral and became the Commander-in-Chief of the Argentine Navy, after the government sent a number of senior admirals into forced retirement. 
Between 1976 and 1978 Admiral Massera was part, together with Jorge Rafael Videla and Orlando Ramón Agosti, of the military junta that deposed President Isabel Martínez de Perón and ruled Argentina "de facto" during the National Reorganization Process. On September 1978 Massera stepped down from both the office of Commander-in-Chief of the Navy and from his seat in the Military Junta. In 1981 he traveled to Bucharest, Romania. 
After the end of the dictatorship in 1983, he was tried for human rights violations and sentenced to life imprisonment and the loss of his military grade. However, on 29 December 1990 he was pardoned by then-President Carlos Menem. Massera was free until 1998, when he was imprisoned again pending an investigation of several instances of kidnapping and suppression of identity of minors during his term, as well as orders of torture, execution, confinement in illegal detention centers and drowning of prisoners.
He also explained the delivery of diplomatic passports to Licio Gelli, head of Propaganda Due, by stating that Gelli had "supported in the struggle against subversion and in the management of the image of Argentina abroad".
In 2004 he suffered a cerebrovascular accident caused by a burst aneurysm, and he was admitted in the Military Hospital of Buenos Aires. Due to after-effects of the stroke, Eduardo Massera was declared legally irresponsible because of insanity on 17 March 2005, and the cases against him were suspended.
Massera died on November 8, 2010, due to an hemorrhagic stroke in the Hospital Naval of Buenos Aires. The funeral was kept in secrecy to avoid escraches, and was attended by only 10 people, without any representation of the government or the armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="2870086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870086" title="Civil Aeronautics Administration">
Civil Aeronautics Administration

Civil Aeronautics Administration may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870090" title="Nathaniel Head">
Nathaniel Head

Nathaniel Head (May 20, 1828 – November 12, 1883), also known as Natt Head, was an American construction material supplier and Republican politician from Hooksett, New Hampshire. Head served New Hampshire as a member of the state's House of Representatives, Adjutant General, state Senator, and Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="2870091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870091" title="The Way of All Flesh (disambiguation)">
The Way of All Flesh (disambiguation)

The Way of All Flesh is a 1903 novel by Samuel Butler.
The Way of All Flesh may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870093" title="Viscount Portal">
Viscount Portal

Viscount Portal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870094" title="Telford Tigers">
Telford Tigers

The Telford Tigers are an English Premier League (EPL or EPIHL) ice hockey team that formed in 2001 under the name Telford Wild Foxes. A previous Telford Tigers team had existed between 1985 and 1999.
The team is currently owned by the CEO of Red Touch Media, Wayne Scholes.
Early history.
After the Telford Ice Rink opened in October 1984, several challenge games involving Altrincham Aces, Blackpool Seagulls, Nottingham Panthers and Solihull Barons were staged to see if a Telford team would be sustainable.
Telford Tigers IH Club Ltd. was formed for season 1985–86 by Central TV commentator Gary Newbon with entertainer David Ismay as chairman and Canadian defenceman Chuck Taylor as player coach. Newbon and Taylor had previously been involved with the Barons, as had squad members Mark Budz, Gordie Patterson, Alan Gould, Paul O'Higgin and Dave Welch. Goalie John Wolfe and Andy Steel signed for the new club from Grimsby.
The club had been granted permission by the BIHA to join the First Division of the British Hockey League, and finished third in their inaugural season, with near sell out crowds seeing Budz score 134 points and Taylor make the All Star Team.
In 1986–87, Tigers new import Dean Vogelgesang scored 196 points, and Budz made the All Star team with 200 points. Tigers did not lose a single home game, but finished fourth in the league due to a nine-point penalty inflicted on them for icing an ineligible player.
1987–88: The title season.
For 87–88, the First Division was split into North-South conferences. Tigers won the Southern conference by two points, and beat Northern Conference champions Cleveland Bombers 21–14 on aggregate to take the title. They played Peterborough Pirates, who had finished bottom of the Premier Division, in a Promotion Playoff. After winning the first leg 14–12, they crumbled in the second. They led 6–1 after two periods but Pirates managed to score eight unanswered goals in the third to stay up by a single goal aggregate scoreline. Imports Kevin Conway and Tim Salmon were voted onto the All Star Team, and Chuck Taylor was named Coach of the Year.
1989–90: Disaster.
The next season was not so good for Telford. Gerald Waslen made the All Star Team, but the team struggled both on and off the ice. The team was put into liquidation in the summer.
The New Team.
A new company, Telford Tigers Ice Hockey Club (1990) reformed the team for next season. A year later, former NHLer Jere Gillis took over the coaching role from Taylor (who carried on as a managing director). By now, the junior programme was starting to pay dividends, with local youngsters Geoff Lane,Darren Broome, Norman Pinnington and Mark Hazlehurst all pulling on Tigers jerseys in the mid 1980s and early 1990s.
1994: Autumn Trophy and more financial problems.
For the 1993–94 season Kevin Murphy was appointed head coach and introduced a three line system of forwards. It proved successful as Tigers beat Blackburn Hawks in a bad tempered semi-final and Medway Bears 11–7 on aggregate in the final of the Autumn Trophy and finished runners up in the league. However, later that month the club was issued with an order to fold owing £30,000 in unpaid VAT. A new club was formed, Taylor moved to Nottingham and the team again finished second in the league in 1994–95. John Wolfe was given All Star honours and the Telford-born Plant brothers, Russ and Ricky, were featuring on a regular basis.
1995–99.
Claude Dumas, from Quebec, was signed from Cardiff in 1995, and was a catalyst for the Tigers in the late 90's. He was an all star in 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and was named player of the year in 1997–98. During this period he scored 443 goals and notched up 316 assists.
In December 1996, Tigers again ran into money troubles, but were saved by Ken Crickmore, who listed them on the OFEX stock market.
In 1997 John Lawless, who had achieved fame with Cardiff Devils and Manchester Storm, was announced as head coach. Under "JL", Telford finished as runners up in the British National League and lifted the "Upper Deck" Christmas Cup in 1997 with a 10–7 aggregate victory over Guildford Flames. They reached the Benson and Hedges Plate Final in 1998, but were beaten by Guildford 4–3 at Sheffield.
It wasn't to last, as Director Roy Williams resigned before Telford Tigers Ice Hockey plc went bankrupt, eventually being wound up in the High Court in Spring 1999 owing money to both Lawless and his players.
The 'Non Tigers' Years.
In Summer 1999, Telford Timberwolves were launched, but folded after losing 6 B&H Cup games, and playing in front of gates of only 500, half the size of Tigers' in their heyday.
In 2001, the Wildfoxes competed in the amateur English National League. In 2003 they joined the EPL, and changed their name to Telford Tigers for the 2005–06 season. Foxes nurtured several promising youngsters including Jared Owen, Daniel Mackriel, Adam Brittle and Tom Carlon. Dumas returned as player coach in 2003.
The New Tigers.
2005–2006.
In 2005–06, Tigers finished tenth out of thirteen teams in the EPL and had a good cup run, missing out on the semi-finals by 2 points in the preliminary group. Dumas was third in league scoring, and Slovakian Karol Jets seventh. Netminder Barry Hollyhead and British forwards Tom Carlon, Gareth Owen and Joe Miller all stood out.
2006–2007.
2006–07 was a disappointment compared to the previous season. Hollyhead joined playoff champions Milton Keynes Lightning, Jets and his fellow Slovakian Tomas Janak moved to Solihull Barons, Miller joined Elite League team Manchester Phoenix and Carlon and Owen moved to Coventry Blaze. Marc Lovell joined from the Edinburgh Capitals, Juraj Huska and goalie Peter Betinec moved from Slovakian teams (although the latter was released midway through the season to be replaced by Milan Kostolny), and Dumas' former Coventry team mate Matthias Soderstrom (Swedish) joined from the Italian Serie B. Daniel Mackriel moved to Slough Jets midway through the season. Telford finished second bottom in the league, behind local rivals Solihull. To make matters worse, Solihull dropped down to the ENL at the end of the season, thus eliminating the West Midlands Derby from the fixture list.
2007–2008.
For 2007–08 Miller, Owen, Mackriel, and Jets returned; D-men Tom Parker and Jake Armstrong joined from Solihull, and Dean Tonks signed from Peterborough Phantoms. However, Miller was unsettled and joined Peterborough in December. After a 9–6 loss away at Swindon Wildcats in January it now looks unlikely that Tigers will qualify for the end of season playoffs.
2008–2009.
Gain and loss of Eurologix sponsorship deal.
During the pre season it had been announced that the Telford Tigers had secured a new title sponsor, in the shape of Cannock based company Eurologix. However, just a few weeks later, it was announced that Eurologix had pulled out of the deal, leaving the Tigers with a large hole in its finances. This was made all the more difficult as the club has begun to recruit players, and negotiate contracts based on the Eurologix money being part of the cash flow.
2008/09 pre season challenge matches
The GM Telford Tigers faced the MK Lightning for a back to back challenge before a trip to Coventry to face Elite champions Coventry Blaze in a fund raising game arranged following the sponsorship troubles. The first game with MK was away, and resulted in an 8–2 defeat. The return game the following night saw marked improvements from the Tigers as the new team started to gel. MK won the game by 2 goals to 0. The fund raiser at Coventry again saw the Tigers improve, and eventually lost 3–2.
2009–2010.
Telford Tigers did not ice during this season, mainly due to financial difficulties and missing a deadline for registration into the English Premier Ice Hockey League. However, Telford are currently in the process of planning a return to the EPIHL for next season under new management and control of a Supporters Club called Tiger Tracks. The current plans do, however, all depend on the league and EIHA accepting them back into the league. Despite this, early signs currently indicate this will be the case and Ice hockey will return to Telford in Autumn 2010.
The Fans Trust.
In February 2010, it was announced that a 'Fans Trust' had been formed, and that it was intending to ice a Telford Tigers team in the EPL once more. In April 2010, it was confirmed that the teams application to the EPL had been accepted. This team will ice as of the start of the 2010–11 season.
2010–11 Season
Newly appointed Head coach Tom Watkins with his new team in telford. The team did not start well not lifting of the bottom place, in recent weeks the team has won several games including against table toppers Guildford Flames. 
Team.
Forwards 
Jack Watkins
Josh Bruce
Andy Mckinney
Ashley Calvert
Joe Henry
Marek Hornak
Scott Mckenzie
Daniel Mackriel
Luke Brittle
Andre Masloviskis
Defense
Tom Watkins (player coach)
Mike Jones
Ashley Stanton
Tomas Janak
Daniel Scott
Daniel Croft
Ross Hanlon (two-way contract with Northern Stars)
Goalies
Martin Clarkson
Declan Ryan
In December and January the club announced the release of 2 import players Andre Masloviskis from Latvia and Marek Hornak from Solvakia. The club will compete with only 1 import while replacements are chosen.
2011–2012.
Tigers went into their second season under the fans trust. Returning to the squad were star players Scott Mckenzie, Declan Ryan, Josh Bruce and Andy Mckinney.
Forwards Joe Henry, Callum Bowley, Andy Mckinney, Tom Soar, Josh Bruce, Scott Mckenzie, Marek Hornak, Jiri Hanzal, Luke Brittle, Dean Holland and Adam Taylor.
Defencemen – Tom Watkins (player/coach), Thomas Janak (captain), Daniel Croft, Juraj Senko, Ryan Sellwood and Adam Radmall.
Goalies – Declan Ryan, Greg Blaiz (assistant coach) and Josh Nicholls
In late October the team announced changes to the squad. Tigers released import forward Jiri Hanzal and also released British forward Dean Holland. On the back of this Tigers went on to win a stunning road game against Sheffield Steeldogs in a shootout.
The tigers have pulled off some big wins at the start of this campaign with wins over Guildford Flames and Manchester Phoenix. However they have struggled against other teams.
2013–2014.
In October 2013, the BBC reported that the CEO of Red Touch Media, Wayne Scholes had taken over the team.
Team.
Forwards 
Timo Kuuluvainen
Adam Walker

</doc>
<doc id="2870095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870095" title="Gateways club">
Gateways club

The Gateways club was a noted lesbian nightclub located at 239 Kings Road on the corner of Bramerton Street, Chelsea, London, England. It was the longest-surviving such club in the world, open by 1931 and legally becoming a "members club" in 1936. It closed on Saturday 21 September 1985 after some years of only opening for a few hours each weekend. 
The final non-public night was the following Monday, as the Kenric lesbian group had booked the venue for a social event, and some members who had attended for many years removed the nameplate from the front door as a souvenir, amongst other features and fittings.
Early history.
Ted Ware (1898–1979) took over the club in 1943 after allegedly winning it in a poker game. Ted was a well travelled man who, unusually for the time, had raised his son from his second marriage on his own. He allowed the club to become a meeting place for the Chelsea Arts Club and was welcoming to the wide variety of people who lived in the area. The club had many gay and lesbian regulars, and was also frequented by black Caribbean people, like Chester Harriott, who played jazz piano there, and by members of other minority groups that were discriminated against elsewhere.
Ted married Gina Cerrato (1922–2001), a glamorous actress, in July 1953 when he was 55 and she was 31 years old. Gina had been born in Italy in 1922, but had grown up in Cardiff. She came to London to pursue her acting career and had appeared in several films, before meeting Ted in The Gateways in 1947. She and Ted had one daughter together, before Gina gradually took over running the club during the late 1950s.
Smithy (1933–1993) first arrived at the Gateways in 1959 and eventually went on to co-manage the club with Gina. She was originally from California and as a member of the American Air Force, was posted to a base in Ruislip, London. She decided that she wanted to stay in London with Gina and Ted and had an arranged marriage in 1962, which enabled her to stay in the United Kingdom.
Gateways lesbian life.
"The Gates" was one of the few places in the UK where lesbians could meet openly during the 40's, 50's and 60's. Lesbians and bisexuals flocked to the Gateways, as did curious heterosexuals, and by 1967 Gina made the club women-only. For many women a visit to the Gateways was the first introduction to lesbian life.
The club was described as having a green door with a steep staircase leading down to a windowless cellar bar that was only 35 ft x 18 ft. The walls had been painted by local artists and there was a constant smoky atmosphere. The layout included a bar that was located at one end of the room, with the toilets and a cloakroom at the other.
During the mid 1960s, many lesbians in the club stopped emulating male and female roles. However, the club was still a haven for butch/femme lesbian couples during the era of hardline separatist feminism of the late 1970s and first half of the 1980s. The bar owners worked hard to keep the lesbian politics out of the bar and Gina asked them to take their debates elsewhere.
In its heyday in the 1960s, it was popular with artists and celebrities such as Diana Dors and Dusty Springfield. At this point it was entirely run by Ted Ware's wife, Gina, with the help of Smithy. Maggi Hambling described the club as being 'All sweat and sway of so many people dancing in a small space, that was part of the excitement'. It was the electric atmosphere created by a lot of lusty women that made the club so special, not the surroundings.
During the 1970s, many gay and lesbian people became more politically motivated. Members of the Gay Liberation Front protested outside the bar and encouraged women entering the club to 'Come out'. When they entered the club, Gina called the police and many of the GLF members were arrested and charged with obstruction. The feminists didn't like the club either, because it wasn't political enough. Political activists were tolerated at the Gateways as long as their politics were left at the door on the way in.
During the 1980s, there were many more gay and lesbian venues opening up in central London and the fashion was for large gay discos. The Gateways became very quiet during weekday evenings and was only busy on Fridays and Saturdays. The neighbourhood around Chelsea went very upmarket and, in 1985, the club lost its late licence due to complaints of loud music.
After opening only three nights a week for a while, the club was eventually closed in 1985. The last event was the Kenric event on Monday 24 September 1985.
Clubs and groups.
In 1963 the Minorities Research Group, the first Nationwide Lesbian Group in the United Kingdom was started. Members were recruited from amongst the Gateways clientelle and its publication "Arena Three" was sold openly inside the bar.
The first Kenric group also used to meet regularly in the Gateways club on Monday nights, when the bar was otherwise closed. Kenric is now a nationwide organisation for Lesbian and Bisexual women that is still running.
Jackie Forster reported being able to distribute "Sappho" magazine and advertise Sappho's events in the Gateways.
In the media.
The life of this large cellar club was central to the lesbian novel "The Microcosm" (1966) by Maureen Duffy.
In 1967, when homosexual reform was about to be passed by Parliament, the BBC aired two programmes called "Man Alive: Consenting Adults". This program featured an interview with some women at the Gateways club.
The club also appeared as a backdrop (including extended scenes filmed inside the club and featuring regular club-goers) in the 1968 film "The Killing of Sister George" starring Beryl Reid, Susannah York and Coral Browne, which was one of the earliest mainstream films to feature lesbianism. Filming in the club took place over seven days from the 9–16 June 1968.
The song Green Door was possibly inspired by the club.

</doc>
<doc id="2870097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870097" title="Dean Wicks">
Dean Wicks

Dean Wicks (formerly known as Deano) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" played by Matt Di Angelo. He made his first appearance on 2 January 2006. It was announced on 18 August 2007 that the characters of Deano and his sister Carly (Kellie Shirley) were being axed by executive producer Diederick Santer. Deano made his final appearance on 7 February 2008.
On 15 January 2014, it was announced that Deano, now called Dean, would be returning and Di Angelo would begin filming the following month. Dean returned on 11 April 2014.
Storylines.
2006–08.
When Deano arrives in Walford in New Year 2006, he is taken in by his great aunt by marriage Pat Evans (Pam St. Clement) after he lies that his father, Kevin Wicks (Phil Daniels), has died. Deano is soon joined by Kevin and his sister, Carly Wicks (Kellie Shirley). In 2006, Deano causes trouble by spiking Stacey Slater's (Lacey Turner) alcohol with drugs and allowing Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements) to take the blame, and later stealing The Queen Victoria (The Vic) public house's bust and driving recklessly, crashing a car—behaviour prompted by the anniversary of his brother Jimbo's (Lloyd Richards) death, which Deano has taken badly. Deano is unwittingly reunited with his estranged mother, Shirley Carter (Linda Henry), during a family holiday in Dorset. Despite Kevin's best efforts to stop her, Shirley makes herself known to Deano and Carly and eventually reveals that she is their mother. Deano struggles with this and after seeing Shirley behave promiscuously, he behaves recklessly and crashes a car at high-speed injuring himself, his passenger Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) and a pedestrian, Abi Branning (Lorna Fitzgerald). Deano nearly dies from his injuries, but bonds with Shirley during his recovery. Kevin is opposed to this and amidst various arguments, the truth about Deano and Carly's paternity, that Shirley does not know who their real fathers are after having two affairs, is revealed. Deano is devastated and threatens suicide by almost setting himself on fire, but is stopped before going through with it. Despite initial hostilities, he accepts Kevin as his real father. 
Unlucky in love, Deano has sex with Stacey, and unrequited crushes on Dawn Swann (Kara Tointon) and Chelsea. Chelsea manipulates Deano into getting involved in a vendetta against Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky). Deano tries to attack Sean but is overpowered and beaten. Chelsea and Deano swear revenge and frame Sean for the assault of Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker), stealing CCTV footage that would have exonerated him. Sean is imprisoned, but he gets revenge on Deano by having him beaten by a gang of thugs. When Carly finds the stolen CCTV footage, she gives it to the police and Sean is released. Deano and Chelsea are arrested for perverting the course of justice, then released on bail. Sean assaults Deano again, forcing his head into a toilet. Afraid of the prospect of spending time in prison, Deano attempts to run away twice before his trial but eventually faces up to his responsibilities and is sentenced to six months imprisonment. He finds prison hard. On visits, his family discovers that he is being bullied by the other prisoners and, after getting into trouble, he is denied early parole. Deano is permitted to attend Kevin's funeral under police supervision. When Deano is released, he has changed vastly, behaving in a hostile manner, bringing a prostitute back to Shirley's flat then forcing her to pay for her services. He headbutts Sean, and when Shirley says she wants to rebuild their relationship, Deano responds with fury, pinning her against a wall, ripping off her jewellery, and shouting in her face, showing her his prison injuries. After rejecting his mother, Deano leaves Walford. In September 2012, Carly returns to Walford for two days and tells Shirley that Deano is doing well, owns a bar and lives with his girlfriend in Australia.
2014–.
In April 2014, Dean is seen watching his mother, Shirley, as she clears some glasses from outside The Vic. Dean then visits his grandfather, Stan Carter (Timothy West), as he is in trouble from handling stolen mobile phones. The police arrive, but Dean flees out of the kitchen window, leaving Stan to deal with the police. After his relationship with Shirley thaws a little, Stan calls Dean, who later arrives at The Queen Victoria pub. He introduces himself to the Carter family, but refuses to acknowledge Shirley. Stan encourages Dean to talk to her, but, when he does, he verbally attacks her for all the mistakes she has made, leading to Shirley's brother, Mick Carter (Danny Dyer), punching him. Shirley and Stan beg Dean to stay, but he angrily storms out. A week later though, Dean agrees to speak to Shirley, and they begin to bond. Dean also reveals to Shirley that he is currently working in a barber's shop, but does not like the way his boss treats him. Stan then offers Dean the money to buy his own salon on Albert Square. He agrees to this, and briefly moves in with his aunt, Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White), before moving into the flat above his posh, new salon. After a few days of bonding with Shirley, Dean comes up with a plan to pack everything up from the salon, and decides that he wants to move to Lanzarote. However, Stan realizes what he is up to, and tells him that he should not ruin his relationship with Shirley again. He listens to this, and joyfully resumes his business.
Creation and development.
Character creation.
In September 2005, an official BBC press report announced the arrival of a new family of characters who would be joining the soap early in 2006. The Wickses were an extension of Brian Wicks's (Leslie Schofield) family, a minor character that had appeared briefly in the 1980s as the second husband of the more prominent character Pat Butcher (Pam St. Clement) and father of Simon Wicks (Nick Berry). The first of the trio of characters to arrive was Deano, played by Matt Di Angelo, branded by the press as a "heart-throb". Deano was described as "cocky, charismatic an eye for the ladies and doesn't see anyone as out of his league". Commenting on his casting, Di Angelo said, "I can't wait to join "EastEnders" to play Deano. He's a combination of a young Alfie Moon (Shane Richie) and Del Boy (David Jason). He rates himself quite highly too so he's going to have lots of fun in the square."
Di Angleo began filming for the soap at the end of 2005 and was first seen on-screen as Deano in January 2006. The character was quickly joined in the soap's setting of Walford by his father Kevin Wicks (Phil Daniels) and sister Carly Wicks (Kellie Shirley). Executive producer Kate Harwood commented, "The Wicks family is going to be a force to be reckoned in Walford". The characters' introduction was branded by the press as an attempt to "spice up the show", following the announced departures of many popular and long-running characters, such as Sharon and Dennis Rickman (Letitia Dean and Nigel Harman), Chrissie Watts (Tracy-Ann Oberman), Kat and Alfie Moon (Jessie Wallace and Shane Richie), Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf), Johnny Allen (Billy Murray) and Little Mo Mitchell (Kacey Ainsworth).
Storyline development.
Following his introduction, the character was involved in few high-profile storylines until September 2006, when his estranged mother Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) was introduced in a special week of off-set episodes, filmed in Weymouth, Dorset. In the storyline, the Wicks family went on holiday and were traced by Shirley, who liaised with her unsuspecting children and, despite Kevin's best efforts, later revealed her true identity. The revelation was shown to have a negative effect on the Wicks family, in particular Deano who was involved in a car accident shortly afterwards and was hospitalised after driving recklessly. The storyline progressed further, when it transpired that Shirley was hiding a secret for Kevin, that he was not the biological father of Deano or Carly. When revealed, Deano was shown to "go off the rails". Commenting on the storyline, Di Angelo has said, "I don’t think you can ever forget about things like that. But at the same time, Kevin’s looked after him since he was a baby so why does that make him not his dad, just because he’s not his biological father? In my view, your father is person who looked after you since you were born." Describing his character's relationship with his mother Shirley in 2007, Di Angelo said, "I think he’s very fond of his mum, he’s a bit of a big kid. He’s not the big tough guy, he’s not aggressive and he’s quite a placid guy. That’s because he does have this longing for a mum that he never had [...] he’d like to get to know her".
Reintroduction.
On 15 January 2014, it was announced Di Angelo would be returning to "EastEnders". The actor started filming in February. Of his return to the show, Di Angelo commented, "It's such an exciting time for the show and the Carter/Wicks family that I just couldn't pass up the opportunity to reprise the role of Dean! I'm looking forward to getting back on the Square." Executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins added "Deano left angry with his mother. The Dean who returns is angrier. Dean returned on the 11th of April "
Reception.
Matt Di Angelo was nominated in the "Sexiest Male" category in 2006 and 2007 at "The British Soap Awards", for his role of Deano Wicks. Di Angleo has acknowledged soap fan criticism of his acting and his character in an interview with media website "Digital Spy" in 2007. He commented, "I'd love for some people that write on "Digital Spy" to try and act in front of 9 million people a night, and then listen to their own criticism on "Digital Spy" [...] "Digital Spy" people say I can't act, very mean [...].

</doc>
<doc id="2870098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870098" title="Tory James">
Tory James

Tory James (born May 18, 1973) is a former American football cornerback who played eleven seasons on the National Football League (NFL).
James attended Archbishop Shaw High School before going to college at Louisiana State University, and was originally drafted by the Denver Broncos in the second round of the 1996 NFL Draft. His career was endangered by a serious knee injury suffered in the first preseason game of the 1997 season. James tore the patellar tendon in his right knee and missed the entire season. The Broncos were the NFL champions of the 1998 season after winning Super Bowl XXXIII against the Atlanta Falcons.
In 2000, after he accumulated 65 tackles and seven interceptions, the Broncos made no effort to resign James. He then signed with the Oakland Raiders as an unrestricted free agent, signing a five-year, $18 million contract. However, after the 2002 season, the Raiders (after eight interceptions in three years) left James unprotected again, and he signed a four-year, $14 million contract with the Cincinnati Bengals.
On January 6, 2001, during the Raiders' against the Miami Dolphins, James made a 90-yard interception return for a touchdown, and the Raiders beat the Dolphins 27-0 in Oakland.
2004 proved to be James' best professional season, as he intercepted eight passes, notched 56 tackles, and forced two fumbles. He was voted onto the AFC Pro Bowl squad.
On February 9, 2007 Bengals coach Marvin Lewis indicated that James will not be resigned. He was signed by the New England Patriots on April 17, 2007. James was cut by the Patriots on September 9, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="2870102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870102" title="Ed Rainsford">
Ed Rainsford

Edward Charles "Ed" Rainsford (born 14 December 1984) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He has played 39 s and two s for Zimbabwe.
Career.
Domestic career.
Rainsford played two matches for the Gloucestershire Second XI in the Second XI Championship in 2008, taking five wickets at an average of 35.20, with a best of 3/56.
International career.
Rainsford represented the Zimbabwe Under-19 cricket team at the 2004 Under-19 World Cup, taking four wickets in six games at an average of 38.00, with a best of 2/37.
He is primarily a right arm medium-fast seam bowler with a 22.03 first-class average whose skill in yorkers is well documented.
During the 2006 Zimbabwean tour of Bangladesh, he left the tour early to fulfil a club contract in England with North London side Harefield CC. He took 33 wickets in 17 games, including a spectacular 4 wickets in 4 consecutive balls.
Edward Rainsford was ruled out of the World Cup 2011 due to an ankle injury, he was sent to fly home.

</doc>
<doc id="2870114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870114" title="Larry Blamire">
Larry Blamire

Larry Blamire is an American filmmaker, writer and artist best known for the independent film "The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra".
Biography.
Blamire was raised in Massachusetts and studied illustration at the Art Institute of Boston under Norman Baer, a second generation student of Howard Pyle.
Comic author.
He dabbled briefly in underground comics, writing and drawing the Predator, a vigilante character, in Ace of Spades and Blazing Violence. After several years of various blue collar jobs, Blamire started working as a science fiction illustrator for Galileo, and later Aboriginal Science Fiction, among others.
Stage acting career.
In the 1980s Blamire began acting on stage on a whim, landing roles at various Boston theatres; the Open Door Theatre, the Alley Theatre, as well as a season at the Boston Shakespeare Company. It was with the Open Door Theatre that he found a home, particularly in their outdoor summer productions at Jamaica Pond by the Pinebank Mansion in a natural formation known as the Kettlebowl. His first play, "In the Nations", a dark western which he also directed, received critical and audience acclaim and was followed by his version of Robin Hood in which he played the title role but did not direct. It was later published by Bakers Plays, continuing to be performed worldwide. In 1984 he wrote and directed Interface, a science fiction thriller based on the alleged Philadelphia Experiment featuring ambitious effects and sound design. Performed indoors, it played well with audiences but, like Robin Hood, received a mixed reaction from the press.
Writing and directing movie career.
In 1985, however, Blamire wrote and directed "Jump Camp", a surreal dark comedy about a writer searching for a missing psychiatrist in a ghost town that took the quirky dialogue suggested by "In the Nations" and elevated it to heights of absurdity. The play was an instant hit with audiences and critics alike, ending up on the year's ten best lists in the "Boston Globe", "Boston Herald" and "Boston Phoenix". Moving outdoors again, Blamire's next play, "Bride of the Mutant's Tomb", was a comedy about a hapless Ed Wood-inspired director trying to make his low-budget science fiction movie in the 1950s with a group of misfits. Despite less than complimentary reviews, it proved to be another crowd pleaser. In 1987 Blamire next wrote "Whyo", a revenge tragedy about Irish gangs in 19th Century New York. It received a grant from the Massachusetts Council on the Arts and Humanities and an ambitious staged reading at Gloucester Stage Company. This led to Israel Horovitz commissioning a play, "The Chroma Line," a partly autobiographical look at life in a wallpaper warehouse. His last play of the '80s was "Ha'nt", a one-act performed as part of a horror anthology. During this period, Blamire received critical acclaim for a series of leading stage roles, including MacMurphy in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", Hotspur in "Henry IV, Part 1", John Proctor in "The Crucible", Tilden in "Buried Child" and Al in "In the Boom Boom Room", for which he won The Boston Theatre Critics Circle Award for Best Actor. He also played the rapist in the Boston premiere of "Extremities".
In the 1990s, despite revivals of "In the Nations" and "Jump Camp" (the latter at the Alliance Repertory Company in Los Angeles) and a lead role as the country DJ host in the hit show "A Closer Walk with Patsy Cline" at the Charles Playhouse, Blamire found himself moving away from theatre. In 1992 Blamire's comedy sketches were chosen for the HBO Writers Search, and he directed several at the Stella Adler Theatre in L.A. They were also collected in an evening called "Larry Blamire's Sketch-O-Rama" by a new Massachusetts company, Theatre 9. Towards the end of the '90s, Blamire was writing more and more screenplays on spec, several of which were quarter- and semifinalists in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Nicholl Fellowship.
In 1997 Blamire began working with an internet start-up called Bali Hai Interactive, given carte blanche to develop new cutting edge entertainment. What resulted was "The Wise Eye Guys", a quirky interactive nonlinear animated adventure for which he did thousands of drawings and directed the voice actors (which included his wife, actress Jennifer Blaire). Months after the company moved its offices to Los Angeles, it went under in the dot com crash of 2000. Trying unsuccessfully to raise money for the floundering Bali Hai, Blamire, having recently read about developments in digital video, got the idea of shooting an ultra-low-budget spoof of 1950's bargain basement science fiction movies, incorporating elements from "Bride of the Mutant's Tomb". The resulting film, "The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra", premiered at the Mill Valley Film Festival in 2002. Picked up by Michael Schlesinger for Sony, the film was released in 2004.
That same year, Blamire wrote and directed "Johnny Slade's Greatest Hits" (now "Meet the Mobsters"), produced by and starring John Fiore and some of The Sopranos cast. In 2005, he wrote and directed "Trail of the Screaming Forehead". Though continuing the retro science fiction spoof theme, the film had a different look and feel, in widescreen and color, under the Ray Harryhausen Presents banner, with a title song composed by Blamire and sung by The Manhattan Transfer. After festival screenings, it was picked up by IFC, playing VOD in 2009, slated for DVD release in 2010. In 2007, Blamire formed a company, Bantam Street, with his core group of actors and technicians. Their acclaimed web series "Tales From the Pub" launched that same year. In 2008, Bantam Street made two films back-to-back; "The Lost Skeleton Returns Again", a sequel to "The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra", and "Dark and Stormy Night", a stylistically authentic takeoff on 1930s "old dark house" movies. Both feature Bantam Street's ever-increasing pool of veteran character actors, including Betty Garrett, H.M. Wynant and James Karen.
Writing career.
In 2009, Blamire published two books; "Tales of the Callamo Mountains", a collection of his western horror short stories, and "I Didn't Know You Came With Raisins", a collection of his surreal cartoons. He also completed a screenplay of "Steam Wars", an ambitious longtime project with copious illustrations. Blamire continues to keep his hand in graphics, working in both Photoshop and acrylic paint. His paintings tend toward surrealism.
Personal life.
Is the nephew of British actor Bert Edgar. Blamire has two sons—Cory, by his first marriage and Griffin, by wife Jennifer Blaire, whom he married in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2870118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870118" title="Kevin Wicks">
Kevin Wicks

Kevin Wicks is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Phil Daniels. Kevin made his first appearance on 17 February 2006 when he was introduced onto the show alongside his two children Carly (Kellie Shirley) and Deano (Matt Di Angelo), and is introduced as the nephew of long running character of Pat Butcher (Pam St. Clement). Kevin, a wheeler dealer, is described as caring, sensitive and a cheeky chappy. It was announced on 18 August 2007 that Daniels had decided not to renew his contract, and on-screen Kevin was killed off in a car accident in an episode set on New Year's Eve 2007 and was broadcast on New Year's Day 2008.
Storylines.
Backstory.
Kevin married Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) and had one son with her named Jimbo (Lloyd Richards), who had cystic fibrosis. Shirley had several affairs while married to Kevin and became pregnant twice; Kevin was not their father. Kevin brought Shirley's children, Carly (Kellie Shirley) and Deano (Matt Di Angelo), up as his own. However, Shirley found parenting tough; she abandoned Kevin in 1989, leaving him a single parent. Jimbo eventually died from his illness; Shirley failed to return for his funeral and did not contact her surviving children.
2006–08.
Kevin follows Deano to Walford in February 2006 and begins living with his aunt, Pat Evans (Pam St. Clement). Kevin plans to emigrate but gets involved in Carly's marital break-up and decides to stay in Walford to support his children, taking over management of the local car lot.
Despite an acrimonious introduction to Denise Fox (Diane Parish) in May 2006 - she mistakes him for Grant Mitchell (Ross Kemp) and wrongly accuses him of sleeping with her daughter Chelsea (Tiana Benjamin) - an attraction develops and they start dating. Denise's temper proves difficult for Kevin to cope with but he begins to see a more vulnerable side to her, which convinces him that she is worth persevering with. It is volatile romance, and Denise ends the relationship several times leaving Kevin to be pursued by Elaine Jarvis (Siân Reeves). However, Kevin supports Denise through the abuse of her ex-husband Owen Turner (Lee Ross), so the couple reunite and move in together.
In late 2006, the Wicks family take a short holiday to Dorset. Kevin's ex-wife, Shirley, traces them there and tries to reunite with her children, Deano and Carly, until Kevin orders her to leave them alone. Shirley refuses and follows them to Walford in January 2007, and reveals her true identity, causing negative repercussions. When Kevin tries to make her leave, Shirley threatens to tell her children that Kevin is not their real father. The truth eventually comes out and both Carly and Deano shun Kevin. Deano eventually forgives Kevin for lying, but Carly will not. Devastated, Kevin leaves Walford, not telling anyone where he is going. Kevin is missing for several months, it is later confirmed he is alive after bank records show he cleared his account in Hastings. He goes to Dungeness and plans to go to France, but after meeting a man named Jed (Burn Gorman) - who steals his ferry tickets and then dies in a road traffic accident - Kevin decides to go home. When Carly once again rejects him, he turns to Shirley for comfort and has sex with her. Kevin regrets it and makes Shirley promise to keep the tryst secret. Kevin manages to rebuild his relationship with his children and Denise, whom he proposes to. Denise and Kevin's wedding goes ahead in April 2007, despite Shirley's attempt to ruin the day - she turns up at the ceremony and tells Denise about their recent tryst, only to find Kevin has already told her. 
Kevin has to endure numerous upsets involving his family, including the imprisonment of Deano and Chelsea, who try to frame Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky) for the assault of Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). Kevin tries to protect them by destroying CCTV footage that shows the real culprit is Craig Dixon (Rory Jennings). However, Carly copies the tape and gives it to the police. Deano and Chelsea are found guilty of attempting to pervert the course of justice and are imprisoned. 
In December 2007, Kevin agrees to sell cars for Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), unaware they are stolen. When he discovers this, he agrees to continue selling them as he wants money for a new house for his family, and a round the world trip for Deano. Phil later learns from Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) that the cars are dangerous "cut-and-shuts" and tells Kevin to get rid of them. However, Denise has sold one of the cars to Yolande Trueman (Angela Wynter), so on New Year's Eve 2007, Kevin tries to steal Yolande's car and destroy it. His plans are jeopardized by Shirley, who threatens to tell the police unless he persuades Carly to talk to her. Unable to get rid of Shirley, Kevin throws her into the car, planning to take it to a junkyard. However, the car is low on petrol and they are unable to get to their destination, so Kevin and Shirley decide to race the car and then set it alight, making it look like the work of joyriding vandals. While Kevin races dangerously in the car, Shirley goads him to go faster; he drives off at speed, but the car bonnet opens and Kevin crashed into wreckage, leaving him impaled by a metal pole. Shirley attempts to keep Kevin alive but fails and he dies moments before New Year 2008. Kevin's body is taken to the mortuary, where Denise kisses him at the stroke of midnight, wishing him Happy New Year. Kevin's funeral is held in January 2008, but the hearse breaks down and this results in Kevin's friends and family carrying his coffin to the crematorium. Denise reveals in June that she and Carly had scattered Kevin's ashes in the South China Sea. Phil is arrested for Kevin's murder in December 2011, but is released due to lack of evidence.
The voice of Kevin Wicks (recorded by Phil Daniels) is heard in a family video watched by Shirley in May 2014

</doc>
<doc id="2870127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870127" title="Invicta Dynamos">
Invicta Dynamos

Invicta Dynamos are the senior ice hockey team based in Gillingham in Kent. The season runs from September to April. They usually play their home games on a Sunday at 17:15. They have fantastic fans who create a terrific atmosphere. Find them on Facebook and Twitter
History.
The club was founded in 1997 replacing the Medway Bears as the senior team based at the Ice Bowl. The club originally competed in the EPIHL until the 2003/4 season when the club dropped down to the ENIHL due to a lack of sponsorship. Invicta is one of the larger clubs at this level and has enjoyed a period of sustained success including winning the ENIHL Grand Slam in 2005/6. The most successful season in the Dynamos history came in the 2001/02 season they were the champions of the EPIHL, winning the league and playoffs and losing the cup final to local rivals the Romford Raiders.
The club's fiercest rivalry has traditionally been with the Romford (now London) Raiders and to a slightly lesser extent the Chelmsford Chieftains, with the Dynamos competing in the same league as the two Essex clubs for its first six seasons. However more recently a healthy rivalry has developed with the Streatham Redskins due to the geographical proximity of the two clubs. Another rivalry has emerged in recent years with the Wightlink Raiders due to a number of feisty and sometimes controversial encounters between the two teams.
2013/14.
The Dynamos finished third overall in the NIHL South Division 1 during the 2013/14 season, lost to Streatham Redskins in the Southern Cup semi-final, finished 3rd (of 4 teams) in the Southeast Trophy and got to the semi-finals of the NIHL South Division 1 play-offs, before getting knocked out by Wightlink Raiders.
Top 5 All-time points scorers.
"* denotes player confirmed for 2014/15"
Club Honours.
1997-98.
English Division 1 Southern Champions
2001-02.
EPIHL Champions
EPIHL Playoff Champions
2002-03.
ENIHL Southern Champions
ENIHL Southern Playoff Champions
2003-04.
ENIHL Southern Champions
ENIHL Southern Playoff Champions
Kent & Essex Cup Champions
2004-05.
ENIHL Southern Champions
2005-06.
ENIHL Southern Champions
ENIHL National Champions
ENIHL Playoff Champions
ENIHL Cup Champions
2006-07.
ENIHL Southern (Conference B) Champions
2007-08.
ENIHL Southern Champions
ENIHL National Champions
2009-10.
ENIHL Southern Champions

</doc>
<doc id="2870132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870132" title="Laxminarayan Temple">
Laxminarayan Temple

The Laxminarayan Temple (, also known as the "Birla Mandir") is a Hindu temple dedicated to Laxminarayan in Delhi, India. Laxminarayan usually refers to Vishnu, Preserver in the Trimurti, also known as Narayan, when he is with his consort Lakshmi. The temple, inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi, was made built by B. R. Birla and Jugal Kishore Birla from 1933 and 1939. The side temples are dedicated to Shiva, Krishna and Buddha.
The temple spread over 7.5 acres, is adorned with many shrines, fountains, and a large garden, and also houses Geeta Bhawan for discources. The temple is one of the major attractions of Delhi and attracts thousands of devotees on the Hindu festivals of Janmashtami and Diwali.
History.
The construction of temple dedicated to Laxmi Narayana started in 1933, built by industrialist and philanthropist, Baldeo Das Birla and his son Jugal Kishore Birla of Birla family, thus, the temple is also known as "Birla Temple". The foundation stone of temple was laid by Maharaj Udaybhanu Singh. The temple was built under guidance of Pandit Vishwanath Shastri. The concluding ceremony and Yagna was performed by Swami Keshwa Nandji. The famous temple is accredited to have been inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi in 1939. At that time, Mahatma Gandhi kept a condition that the temple would not be restricted to the Hindus and people from every caste would be allowed inside.
Architecture.
The three-storied temple is built in the northern or Nagara style of Hindu temple architecture. The entire temple is adorned with carvings depicting the scenes from Hindu mythology. More than hundred skilled artisans from Benares, headed by Acharya Vishvanath Shastri, carved the icons of the temple. The highest shikhara of the temple above the sanctum sanctorum is about 160 feet high. The temple faces the east and is situated on a high plinth. The shrine is adorned with fresco paintings depicting his life and work. The icons of the temple are in marble brought from Jaipur. Kota stone from Makarana, Agra, Kota and Jaisalmer were used in the construction of the temple premises.The Geeta Bhawan to the north of the temple is dedicated to Lord Krishna. Artificial landscape and cascading waterfalls add to the beauty of the temple.
Temple.
The main temple houses statues of Lord Narayan and Hindu Goddess Lakshmi. There are other small shrines dedicated to Lord Shiva, Lord Ganesha and Hanuman. There is also a shrine dedicated to Lord Buddha. The left side temple shikhar (dome) houses Devi Durga, the Hindu goddess of Shakti, the power. The temple is spread over an area of approximately. And built up area is .
Location.
The temple is located on the Mandir Marg, situated west of the Connaught Place in New Delhi. The temple is easily accessible from the city by local buses, taxis and auto-rickshaws. Nearest Delhi Metro station is R.K.Ashram Marg, located about 2 km away. Also on the same road lies the New Delhi Kalibari.

</doc>
<doc id="2870135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870135" title="Stasanor">
Stasanor

Stasanor (in ; lived 4th century BC) was a native of Soli in Cyprus who held a distinguished position among the officers of Alexander the Great.
Stasanor, officer of Alexander.
He probably entered the service of that monarch after the conquest of Cyprus in 333 BC, but the first occasion on which his name is mentioned is during the campaign in Bactria, when he was detached by Alexander with a strong force to reduce Arsames, the revolted satrap of Aria. This service, in conjunction with Phrataphernes, he successfully accomplished, and rejoined Alexander at Zariaspa in the autumn of 328 BC, bringing with him Arsames himself as a captive, as well as Barzanes, who had been appointed by Bessus satrap of Parthia.
Stasanor the Satrap.
As a reward for this exploit he obtained the satrapy of Aria, which was, however, soon after changed for that of Drangiana, in the command of which he remained during the whole of Alexander's campaign in India. On the king's return, Stasanor was one of those who met him in Carmania with a very opportune supply of camels and other beasts of burden, but returned to resume the charge of his province when Alexander continued his march towards Persis. In the first partition of the provinces after the death of Alexander (323 BC), Stasanor retained his former satrapy of Drangiana, but in the subsequent division at Triparadisus (321 BC), he exchanged it for the more important government of Bactria and Sogdiana. 
Here he appears to have remained quiet for some years, taking no open part, so far as we are informed in the contest between Eumenes and Antigonus. After the victory of Antigonus, although Stasanor had apparently inclined in favour of Eumenes, Antigonus found it prudent to pardon him and left him in the undisturbed possession of his satrapy, 316 BC., since Stasanor had secured the attachment of the native population by the justice and moderation of his rule, and thus firmly established his power in the satrapy.
Fate.
From this time his name does not appear again in history. Justin however explains that around 305 BCE Seleucus attacked and conquered Bactria, probably in a conflict with Stasanor or possibly his successor:
Connections.
He was a contemporary and compatriot of Clearchus of Soli (born in the same city of Soli, in Cyprus), a peripatetician philosopher who was seemingly involved in the foundation of the Bactrian city of Alexandria on the Oxus.

</doc>
<doc id="2870138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870138" title="Felice Arena">
Felice Arena

Felice Arena is an Australian children's author and illustrator, and occasional actor. He is best known for the bestselling and award-winning Specky Magee series, the Farticus Maximus and Stick Dudes books, Whippersnapper, and his latest action-packed bionic-themed series, Andy Roid. In October 2013 he received the "Kids Own Australian Literature Awards (KOALA) Legend award".
Biography.
Arena was born in Kyabram, Victoria and attended La Trobe University, in Bendigo, Victoria. He graduated as a primary (elementary) school teacher but decided to pursue writing.
Aside from being an author, Arena is also an actor. He played the role of "Marco Alessi" in the Australian soap opera Neighbours for a year. He also starred in London West End musicals including ""Hair"", ""Godspell"" and ""What a Feeling"".
Specky Magee.
The Specky Magee series, published by Penguin, chronicle the life and times of teenager Simon Magee, an Australian Rules football champion in the making.
The series, written by Arena and his former school-mate and Melbourne Football Club star, Garry Lyon, have also been short-listed for numerous Australian Children Choice awards—including three time winner of the Young Australian Best Book Award.
There are eight books in the series, with the most recent, Specky Magee and the Best of Oz, published in March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="2870142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870142" title="Panabaj">
Panabaj

Panabaj, located on the edge of Lake Atitlán in the western highlands of Guatemala, is a small village (canton or aldea) within the municipality of Santiago Atitlán, bordering the city of Santiago Atitlán proper, in the department of Sololá. Prior to the disaster of Hurricane Stan in which over 400 persons from Panabaj and nearby Tzanchaj were killed or left missing, the town's population had numbered over 3,000, though a census has not been taken since.
Most of the residents are Tz'utujil Maya people, one of the 21 Maya ethnic groups who live in Guatemala, often noted for their steadfastness in maintaining their clothing styles (especially the women's clothing) and traditional cultural and religious practices. Evangelical Protestantism and Roman Catholicism are also practiced among a large percentage of them.
Political conflict.
Like many indigenous populations around the lake, many residents of Panabaj suffered during the 36-year-long on-again off-again Guatemalan Civil War that ended in 1996. Often spurred and taught by revolutionary political groups from abroad, many considered it to be merely a continuation of the age-old conflict between the Spaniards and the indigenous peoples of the New World. In 1990, 13 unarmed civilians were gunned down while protesting and throwing rocks into an army base located in Panabaj. International media attention forced the Guatemalan government to close the base and declare Santiago Atitlán and its environs, which include Panabaj and the bordering town of Tzanchaj, a "military-free zone."
Landslide.
During the early-morning hours of October 5, 2005, the town was flooded in a landslide triggered by torrential rains associated with Hurricane Stan. Mud poured off the saturated slopes of the volcano that loomed over the village, burying people and buildings. According to one report, the flow was "four kilometers long and up to 12 meters deep in places " while another said it was a "half-mile wide mudflow as much as 15 to 20 feet thick ." Streets were inundated with mud, keeping rescue workers from reaching the area for two days. Rescue work was discontinued later in the week. From Panabaj and Tzanchaj, rescuers recovered 160 bodies, while 250 remained missing from both towns.
Relief provision was hampered by a large number of major natural disasters in 2005, in particular by diversion of resources to deal with a severe earthquake in Pakistan that occurred just a few days after the mudslide .
Reconstruction.
After the disaster, the mayor of Santiago Atitlán requested that Panabaj be declared a cemetery, not to be reinhabited; however, most of the townspeople returned, and the majority of the houses and stores were rebuilt for occupation by their original residents. Many of the residents subsequently relocated to settlements east of Santiago along the shore, named Chuk Muk I, II, and III.
Crops were replanted in the region on the shoreward side of the main road, which now, due to the earth deposits from the mudslide, extends farther out into the southern watershed of Lake Atitlán on the east side of the inlet, and the town is once again thriving much as it did before the catastrophe.
In addition to the crops planted on the massive now-solidified mud deposit, the highly fertile volcanic soil—as is the soil in most parts of Guatemala—has since sprouted grass, weeds and verdure, leaving little visual evidence that a mudslide took place, other than the occasional deep gulleys that were gouged out by rain water within weeks of the deluge when the mud was still soft, leaving the appearance now of thousands of years of erosion. The trees that were already there are still standing, though the ground level at their bases is now higher.
Many of the townspeople, with their skilled weaving and art, are benefiting financially from tourism, mainly from the U.S., Canada and European countries. Some of this work is included in the UNESCO-sponsored book, ‘'Arte Naif: Contemporary Guatemalan Mayan Painting, 1998.'‘ Many others continue to subsist with farming according to the traditional methods and net-fishing in their traditional homemade wooden boats.

</doc>
<doc id="2870145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870145" title="Guanidinium thiocyanate">
Guanidinium thiocyanate

Guanidinium thiocyanate (GITC) is a chemical compound used as a general protein denaturant, being a chaotropic agent, although it is most commonly used in the extraction of DNA and RNA.
Note: this compound may also be recognized as guanidine thiocyanate. This is because guanidinium is the conjugate acid of guanidine and is called the guanidinium cation, [CH6N3]+.
Guanidinium thiocyanate can be used to deactivate a virus, such as the influenza virus that caused the 1918 "Spanish flu", so that it can be studied safely. This application is presumably based on its denaturation activity.
Guanidinium thiocyanate is also used to lyse cells and virus particles in RNA and DNA extractions, where its function, in addition to its lysing action, is to prevent activity of RNase enzymes and DNase enzymes by denaturing them. These enzymes would otherwise damage the extract. 
A commonly used method is guanidinium thiocyanate-phenol-chloroform extraction. It is not strictly necessary to use phenol or chloroform if extracting RNA for Northern blotting or DNA for Southern blot analysis because the gel electrophoresis followed by transfer to a membrane will separate the RNA/DNA from the proteins. Additionally, since these methods use probes to bind to their conjugates, peptides that get through the process don't generally matter unless a peptide is an RNase or DNase, and then only if the enzyme manages to renature, which should not occur if proper protocols are followed. A possible exception might be when working with temperature extremophiles because some enzymes of these organisms can remain stable under extraordinary circumstances.

</doc>
<doc id="2870148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870148" title="Ricky-Tick">
Ricky-Tick

The Ricky-Tick was an influential 1960s rhythm & blues club in Windsor, Berkshire, England, host to many important acts such as The Rolling Stones, The Who, Jimi Hendrix, Pink Floyd and Cream.
The club was resident at several Windsor locations over its lifespan, and in later days included clubs in Guildford, Hounslow, Reading and High Wycombe, but its most famous venue was the Windsor river-side mansion at Clewer Mead.
Gigs were also organized at the Drill Hall at Maidenhead in 1963, and hosted bands like Yardbirds, The Pretty Things and the Stones. The original venue for the Tick was an upstairs room behind the Star and Garter pub. It then moved to another pub called the Thames Hotel, not in Peascod Street, Windsor but down on the Thames river front, before moving to Clewer Manor. Sunday nights saw the Disco-Tick evenings with Fridays and Saturdays devoted to live bands. Geno Washington & The Ram Jam Band were regulars as were Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames, The Alan Price Set, and others including Herbie Goins, John Mayall, and Zoot Money. The "Tick" also helped introduce Motown to the UK with The Supremes, Temptations, and Stevie Wonder all appearing. There was also an in-house "Boutick" where you could buy shirts and other clothes of the day.
Ricky-Tick was also the club where the Yardbirds are playing "Stroll-O"n while Thomas (David Hemmings) looks for Jane (Vanessa Redgrave) in Antonioni's film "Blowup" (1966). 
US meaning.
"Ricky-tick" can also express quickness in the way something might be accomplished, as in "This needs to get done most ricky-tick." The term is used often in US military and law enforcement. The phrase in this context was first used in the US Marine Corps, but its origin is disputed: either derived from the Japanese phrase "riki-tik", or from Rudyard Kipling's "Jungle Book" short story "Rikki-Tikki-Tavi", in which the titular character is a quick, snake-slaying mongoose.

</doc>
<doc id="2870161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870161" title="Bell's spaceship paradox">
Bell's spaceship paradox

Bell's spaceship paradox is a thought experiment in special relativity. It was first designed by E. Dewan and M. Beran in 1959 and became more widely known when J. S. Bell included a modified version. A delicate string or thread hangs between two spaceships. Both spaceships now start accelerating simultaneously and equally as measured in the inertial frame S, thus having the same velocity at all times in S. Therefore they are all subject to the same Lorentz contraction, so the entire assembly seems to be equally contracted in the S frame with respect to the length at the start. Therefore at first sight it might appear that the thread will not break during acceleration.
This argument, however, is incorrect as shown by Dewan & Beran and Bell. The distance between the spaceships does not undergo Lorentz contraction with respect to the distance at the start, because in S it is effectively defined to remain the same, due to the equal and simultaneous acceleration of both spaceships in S. It also turns out that the rest length between the two has increased in the frames in which they are momentarily at rest (S′), because the accelerations of the spaceships are not simultaneous here due to relativity of simultaneity. The thread, on the other hand, being a physical object held together by electrostatic forces, maintains the same rest length. Thus in frame S it must be Lorentz contracted, which result can also be derived when the electromagnetic fields of bodies in motion are considered. So the thread must break in both frames: In S′ due to the non-simultaneous acceleration and the increasing distance between the spaceships, in S due to length contraction of the thread.
In the following, the "rest length" or "proper length" of an object is its length measured in the object's rest frame. (This length corresponds to the proper distance between two events in the special case, when these events are measured simultaneously at the endpoints in the object's rest frame.)
Dewan and Beran.
Dewan and Beran stated the thought experiment by writing:
Then this setup is repeated again, but this time the back of the first rocket is connected with the front of the second rocket by a silk thread. They concluded:
Dewan and Beran also discussed the result from the viewpoint of inertial frames momentarily comoving with the first rocket, by applying a Lorentz transformation:
They concluded:
Then they discussed the objection, that there should be no difference between a) the distance between two ends of a connected rod, and b) the distance between two unconnected objects which move with the same velocity with respect to an inertial frame. Dewan and Beran removed those objections by arguing:
Bell.
In Bell's version of the thought experiment, three spaceships A, B and C are initially at rest in a common inertial reference frame, B and C being equidistant to A. Then a signal is sent from A to reach B and C simultaneously, causing B and C starting to accelerate in the vertical direction (having been pre-programmed with identical acceleration profiles), while A stays at rest in its original reference frame. According to Bell, this implies that B and C (as seen in A's rest frame) "will have at every moment the same velocity, and so remain displaced one from the other by a fixed distance." Now, if a fragile thread is tied between B and C, it's not long enough anymore due to length contractions, thus it will break. He concluded that "the artificial prevention of the natural contraction imposes intolerable stress".
Bell reported that he encountered much skepticism from "a distinguished experimentalist" when he presented the paradox. To attempt to resolve the dispute, an informal and non-systematic survey of opinion at CERN was held. According to Bell, there was "clear consensus" which asserted, incorrectly, that the string would not break. Bell goes on to add,
Importance of length contraction.
In general, it was concluded by Dewan & Beran and Bell, that relativistic stresses arise when all parts of an object are accelerated the same way with respect to an inertial frame, and that length contraction has real physical consequences. For instance, Bell argued that the length contraction of objects as well as the lack of length contraction between objects in frame "S" can be explained using Relativistic electromagnetism. The distorted electromagnetic intermolecular fields cause moving objects to contract, or to become stressed if hindered from doing so. In contrast, no such forces act on the space between objects. (Generally, Richard Feynman demonstrated how the Lorentz transformation can be derived from the case of the potential of a charge moving with constant velocity (as represented by the Liénard–Wiechert potential). As to the historical aspect, Feynman alluded to the circumstance that Hendrik Lorentz arrived essentially the same way at the Lorentz transformation, see also History of Lorentz transformations).
However, Petkov (2009) and Franklin (2009) interpret this paradox differently. They agreed with the result that the string will break due to unequal accelerations in the rocket frames, which causes the rest length between them to increase (see the Minkowski diagram in the analysis section). However, they denied the idea that those stresses are caused by length contraction in S. This is because, in their opinion, length contraction has no "physical reality", but is merely the result of a Lorentz transformation, "i.e." a rotation in four-dimensional space which by itself can never cause any stress at all. Thus the occurrence of such stresses in all reference frames including S and the breaking of the string is supposed to be the effect of relativistic acceleration alone.
Discussions and publications.
Paul Nawrocki (1962) gives three arguments why the string should not break, while Edmond Dewan (1963) showed in a reply that his original analysis still remains valid. Many years later and after Bell's book, Matsuda and Kinoshita reported receiving much criticism after publishing an article on their independently rediscovered version of the paradox in a Japanese journal. Matsuda and Kinoshita do not cite specific papers, however, stating only that these objections were written in Japanese.
However, in most publications it is agreed that stresses arise in the string, with some reformulations, modifications and different scenarios, such as by Evett & Wangsness (1960),
Dewan (1963),
Romain (1963),
Evett (1972),
Gershtein & Logunov (1998),
Tartaglia & Ruggiero (2003),
Cornwell (2005),
Flores (2005),
Semay (2006),
Styer (2007),
Freund (2008),
Redzic (2008),
Peregoudov (2009),
Redžić (2009),
Gu (2009),
Petkov (2009),
Franklin (2009),
Miller (2010),
Fernflores (2011),
Kassner (2012).
A similar problem was also discussed in relation to angular accelerations: Grøn (1979),
MacGregor (1981),
Grøn (1982, 2003).
Analysis.
Rotating disc.
Bell's spaceship paradox is not about preserving the rest length between objects (as in Born rigidity), but about preserving the distance in an inertial frame relative to which the objects are in motion, for which the Ehrenfest paradox is an example. Historically, already Albert Einstein recognized in the course of his development of general relativity, that the circumference of a rotating disc is measured to be larger in the corotating frame than the one measured in an inertial frame.
Einstein explained in 1916:
As pointed out more precisely by Einstein in 1919, the relation is given
formula_5 being the circumference in the corotating frame, formula_6 in the laboratory frame, formula_7 is the Lorentz factor formula_8. Therefore it's impossible to bring a disc from the state of rest into rotation in a Born rigid manner. Instead, stresses arise during the phase of accelerated rotation, until the disc enters the state of uniform rotation.
Accelerating ships.
Similarly, in the case of Bell's spaceship paradox the relation between the initial rest length formula_9 between the ships (identical to the moving length in S after acceleration) and the new rest length formula_10 in S′ after acceleration, is:
This length increase can be calculated in different ways. For instance, if the acceleration is finished the ships will constantly remain at the same location in the final rest frame S′, so it's only necessary to compute the distance between the x-coordinates transformed from S to S′. If formula_12 and formula_13 are the ships' positions in S, the positions in their new rest frame S′ are:
Another method was shown by Dewan (1963) who demonstrated the importance of relativity of simultaneity. The perspective of frame S′ is described, in which both ships will be at rest after the acceleration is finished. The ships are accelerating simultaneously at formula_15 in S (assuming acceleration in infinitesimal small time), though B is accelerating and stopping in S′ before A due to relativity of simultaneity, with the time difference:
Since the ships are moving with the same velocity in S′ before acceleration, the initial rest length formula_9 in S is shortened in S′ by formula_18 due to length contraction. This distance starts to increase after B came to stop, because A is now moving away from B with constant velocity during formula_19 until A stops as well. Dewan arrived at the relation (in different notation):
It was also noted by several authors that the constant length in S and the increased length in S′ is consistent with the length contraction formula formula_21, because the initial rest length formula_9 is increased by formula_7 in S′, which is contracted in S by the same factor, so it stays the same in S:
Summarizing: While the rest distance between the ships increases to formula_25 in S′, the relativity principle requires that the string (whose physical constitution is unaltered) maintains its rest length formula_9 in its new rest system S′. Therefore it breaks in S′ due to the increasing distance between the ships. As explained above, the same is also obtained by only considering the start frame S using length contraction of the string (or the contraction of its moving molecular fields) while the distance between the ships stays the same due to equal acceleration.
Born rigidity.
The mathematical treatment of this paradox is similar to the treatment of Born rigid motion. However, rather than ask about the separation of spaceships with the same acceleration in an inertial frame, the problem of Born rigid motion asks, "What acceleration profile is required by the second spaceship so that the distance between the spaceships remains constant in their proper frame?" In order for the two spaceships, initially at rest in an inertial frame, to maintain a constant proper distance, the lead spaceship must have a lower proper acceleration.

</doc>
<doc id="2870162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870162" title="Disaster Assistance and Rescue Team">
Disaster Assistance and Rescue Team

The Disaster Assistance and Rescue Team (DART) is an elite team within the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF), formed in 1990 to handle complex rescue and fire fighting incidents, such as urban search and rescue; prolonged fire fighting; height and confined space operations; and water rescue.
One of the very specialised vocations in the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF), it is staffed by handpicked firefighters, who show exceptional skills in Urban Search and Rescue (USAR) and very complex firefighting skills. The selection process for Dart is very stringent and only the best trainees pass the course—for example, one of the selection requirements is finishing a 2.4 km run by 8m 30s. 
The team's operations include the training and utilisation of rescue dogs. Robots are also increasingly being utilised to minimise danger faced by Dart personnel and an array of complex rescue equipments which are used for USAR.
International rescue operation.
DART members form the bulk of SCDF members dispatched overseas for search and rescue operations.
In October 2005, a 44-member DART was sent to Pakistan to help in the relief and rescue operations following the 2005 Kashmir earthquake. The DART were also sent to Bandar Aceh in Indonesia during the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake which claimed almost 150,000 lives. Ever since then, the DART had received international recognition and are regarded as one of the best USAR teams in the world
In May 2008, a 55-member DART was sent to China to help in the relief and rescue operations following the 2008 Sichuan earthquake.
In February 2011, a 55-member DART team was sent to New Zealand to assist in urban search and rescue operations after the February 2011 Christchurch earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="2870166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870166" title="Abercrombie River">
Abercrombie River

Abercrombie River, a perennial river that is part of the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Course.
The river rises to the east of the village of Mount Werong and generally flows westward towards its confluence with the Lachlan River at Wyangala Dam near Cowra. The river flows through freehold land as well as the Abercrombie River National Park, and provides habitat for platypus and rakali, dropping over its course of .
The Abercrombie River is the furthest east of the inland flowing rivers.
History.
The original inhabitants of the land alongside the river were Australian Aborigines of the Wiradjuri or Gundungara clans, which may have used the river as a trading route.
The first European to discover the watercourse was explorer Charles Throsby on 5 May 1819, during an expedition from Sydney to the central west of New South Wales. The river was named by Commissioner John Thomas Bigge on 22 October 1820.
Alluvial gold was discovered in and along the river in 1851, inspiring a minor gold rush hampered by the ruggedness of the terrain and the periodic depths of the waterway. Early miners recovered up to of gold a day along the river, and by 1862 between forty and fifty mining parties were at work at Milburne Creek, a minor tributary of the Abercrombie.
The Goulburn-Oberon Road crosses the Abercrombie River in the steep-sided Abercrombie Gorge.

</doc>
<doc id="2870168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870168" title="Tensor–vector–scalar gravity">
Tensor–vector–scalar gravity

Tensor–vector–scalar gravity (TeVeS), developed by Jacob Bekenstein, is a relativistic generalization of Mordehai Milgrom's Modified Newtonian dynamics (MoND) paradigm.
The main features of TeVeS can be summarized as follows:
The theory is based on the following ingredients:
These components are combined into a relativistic Lagrangian density, which forms the basis of TeVeS theory.
Details.
MoND is a phenomenological modification of the Newtonian acceleration law. In Newtonian gravity theory, the gravitational acceleration in the spherically symmetric, static field of a point mass formula_1 at distance formula_2 from the source can be written as
formula_3
where formula_4 is Newton's constant of gravitation. The corresponding force acting on a test mass formula_5 is
formula_6
To account for the anomalous rotation curves of spiral galaxies, Milgrom proposed a modification of this force law in the form
formula_7
where formula_8 is an arbitrary function subject to the following conditions:
formula_9
formula_10
In this form, MoND is not a complete theory: for instance, it violates the law of momentum conservation.
However, such conservation laws are automatically satisfied for physical theories that are derived using an action principle. This led Bekenstein to a first, nonrelativistic generalization of MoND. This theory, called AQUAL (for A QUAdratic Lagrangian) is based on the Lagrangian
formula_11
where formula_12 is the Newtonian gravitational potential, formula_13 is the mass density, and formula_14 is a dimensionless function.
In the case of a spherically symmetric, static gravitational field, this Lagrangian reproduces the MoND acceleration law after the substitutions formula_15 and formula_16 are made.
Bekenstein further found that AQUAL can be obtained as the nonrelativistic limit of a relativistic field theory. This theory is written in terms of a Lagrangian that contains, in addition to the Einstein–Hilbert action for the metric field formula_17, terms pertaining to a unit vector field formula_18 and two scalar fields formula_19 and formula_20, of which only formula_20 is dynamical. The TeVeS action, therefore, can be written as
formula_22
The terms in this action include the Einstein–Hilbert Lagrangian (using a metric signature formula_23 and setting the speed of light, formula_24):
formula_25
where formula_26 is the Ricci scalar and formula_27 is the determinant of the metric tensor.
The scalar field Lagrangian is
formula_28
with formula_29, formula_30 is a constant length, formula_31 is the dimensionless parameter and formula_32 an unspecified dimensionless function; while the vector field Lagrangian is
formula_33
where formula_34, while formula_35 is a dimensionless parameter. formula_31 and formula_35 are respectively called the scalar and vector coupling constants of the theory. The consistency between the Gravitoelectromagnetism of the TeVeS theory and that predicted and measured by the general relativity leads to formula_38 
In particular, formula_39 incorporates a Lagrange multiplier term that guarantees that the vector field remains a unit vector field.
The function formula_32 in TeVeS is unspecified.
TeVeS also introduces a "physical metric" in the form
formula_41
The action of ordinary matter is defined using the physical metric:
formula_42
where covariant derivatives with respect to formula_43 are denoted by formula_44.
TeVeS solves problems associated with earlier attempts to generalize MoND, such as superluminal propagation. In his paper, Bekenstein also investigated the consequences of TeVeS in relation to gravitational lensing and cosmology.
Problems and criticisms.
In addition to its ability to account for the flat rotation curves of galaxies (which is what MoND was originally designed to address), TeVeS is claimed to be consistent with a range of other phenomena, such as gravitational lensing and cosmological observations. However, Seifert shows that with Bekenstein's proposed parameters, a TeVeS star is highly unstable, on the scale of approximately 106 seconds (two weeks). The ability of the theory to simultaneously account for galactic dynamics and lensing is also challenged. A possible resolution may be in the form of massive (around 2eV) neutrinos.
A study in August 2006 reported an observation of a pair of colliding galaxy clusters, the Bullet Cluster, whose behavior, it was reported, was not compatible with any current modified gravity theories.
A quantity formula_45 probing General Relativity (GR) on large scales (a hundred billion times the size of the solar system) for the first time has been measured with data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey to be formula_46 (~16%) consistent with GR, GR plus Lambda CDM and the extended form of GR known as formula_47 theory, but ruling out a particular TeVeS model predicting formula_48. This estimate should improve to ~1% with the next generation of sky surveys and may put tighter constraints on the parameter space of all modified gravity theories.

</doc>
<doc id="2870169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870169" title="Everything's Eventual (album)">
Everything's Eventual (album)

"Everything's Eventual" is the debut, and only, album by the duo Appleton who were formerly part of All Saints. Three singles have been released from the album: "Fantasy" (UK #2), "Don't Worry" (UK #5) and "Everything Eventually" (UK #38).
The album is named after the Stephen King short story collection "Everything's Eventual", since Natalie Appleton is a great admirer of him. The album was initially to be named "Aloud" but the name was changed after the arrival of then labelmates and "Popstars: The Rivals" winners Girls Aloud. The album and singles performed reasonably well on the UK charts; however Appleton signed with Polydor on a major record deal and the label thought that 80,000 CDs sold in the UK and Europe was too little for their contract. This eventually led to Appleton being dropped by Polydor and signing to Concept Music.
Credits.
Carsten Kroyer - Producer, Waiting For Your Love
Daniel Hastings - Co-writer, Don't Worry
Andy Hayman - Co-writer, Fantasy, Anyone and Blow My Mind
Gareth Young - Co-writer/Producer, Fantasy, Anyone and Blow My Mind
Matt Rowe - Co-writer, All Grown Up
Alexis Smith - Co-writer, Everything Eventually
Marius De Vries - Producer, Everything Eventually, Ring-A-Ding-Ding, M.W.A, Supernaturally, Hallelujah
Craigie Dodds - Producer, Don't Worry and 5am
Videos.
The "Fantasy" video is set during a performance in a bar and features stage Natalie diving into the audience, originally Nicole was supposed to do the stage dive but she chickened out at the last moment - with the excuse that they didn't put down the mattress - and her sister had to show her how it was done. They didn't have an idea for the song except that they wanted to do it live and recorded it on the spot. There is another version of the video with an alternate ending, showing Natalie & Nicole walking down a subway after the gig discussing the fight that breaks out in the video.
The "Don't Worry" video is shot with Natalie and Nicole Appleton playing with a magic chair which can bend a long way without falling. Near the end of the video Natalie appears to have Nicole Appleton in a head lock.
The "Everything Eventually" video is set in Primrose Hill park, London on a beautiful Spring day with Natalie and Nicole Appleton having fun. It was said that on this video shoot Natalie injured herself on some of the equipment used for the special effects and ended up with a bandaged arm, but this was actually due to an accident involving a champagne glass on a night out in Liverpool. Evidence of her injured arm can be seen in various promotional interviews and performances done for the single.
Galaxy.
"Don't Worry" was used from 2003 onwards as the music for the Galaxy chocolate bar advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="2870176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870176" title="Omicron Aquilae">
Omicron Aquilae

Omicron Aquilae (ο Aql, ο Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a double star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. The brighter component has an apparent visual magnitude of +5.11, which means it is faintly visible to the naked eye in dark suburban skies. The annual parallax shift of this star is 52.11 mas, which is equivalent to a physical distance of from Earth.
The primary component, Omicron Aquilae A, is an F-type main sequence star with a stellar classification of F8 V. It has about 125% of the mass of the Sun and 152% of the Sun's radius. With an age of roughly 3.3 billion years, it appears to spinning at a leisurely rate with a projected rotational velocity of 3 km/s. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 6,090 K, giving it the yellowish-white hue of an F-type star.
In 1998, Omicron Aquilae was one of nine stars identified as experiencing a superflare. The first flare observed from Omicron Aquilae was in 1979, with a magnitude increase of 0.07 and a duration of less than five days. The second occurred in 1980, with a magnitude change of 0.09 and a duration of fifteen days. The energy released during the second flare is estimated as .
There is a magnitude 12.67 common proper motion companion located at an angular separation of 22.5 arcseconds along a position angle of 221°. Based upon its matching parallax value, this corresponds to a projected linear separation of 431 astronomical units. (Hence, the companion is located at this separation or greater.) Designated component C, this is a small red dwarf star with a stellar classification of M3 V. Component B is an optical companion that appears near the primary only through a chance alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="2870179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870179" title="Martin Fowler (EastEnders)">
Martin Fowler (EastEnders)

Martin Albert Fowler is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by James Alexandrou from 1996 to 2007.
The role was previously played by Jon Peyton Price from early life as a baby in 1985 to 1996.
Storylines.
1985–96.
Martin is the younger son of Pauline (Wendy Richard) and Arthur Fowler (Bill Treacher), born in July 1985. His considerably older siblings are Mark (David Scarboro) and Michelle (Susan Tully). Martin is the first baby to be born in the serial. He is christened Martin Albert Fowler, and his godparents are Angie Watts (Anita Dobson), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Simon Wicks (Nick Berry). Martin grows up facing numerous family upsets, including the death of his grandmother Lou (Anna Wing), his father's mental breakdown and imprisonment and his parents' temporary separation in 1993, which Martin takes badly. As Martin ages he becomes surly and increasingly troublesome.
1996–2007.
Martin is only eleven years old when his father dies, and he becomes troublesome after this. He befriends a small gang of young criminals from his local school. A series of petty thefts, burglaries and vandalism culminates in him being arrested. Martin has a brief relationship with Nicky di Marco (Carly Hillman) in 2000, but she dumps him when he pressures her to have sex with him. Martin ends up losing his virginity to Sonia Jackson (Natalie Cassidy) directly after Nicky dumps him. Sonia is feeling vulnerable, and after copious amounts of alcohol, she agrees to sleep with Martin. Their tryst leaves her pregnant. Sonia gives birth to daughter Chloe on 26 October 2000 and when she names Martin as the father, a feud erupts between the Jacksons and the Fowlers, with Pauline adamant that she should be given custody of the baby. However, Sonia is eventually allowed to give the baby up for adoption when Martin admits that he does not want to be a father. Martin's deviancy continues when he takes drugs provided by Nick Cotton (John Altman), which leads to Martin's brother Mark (now Todd Carty) taking revenge and leaving Nick temporarily paralyzed.
Martin receives a six-month prison sentence in February 2003 after driving the car that hit Sonia's fiancé Jamie Mitchell (Jack Ryder), leading to his death. However, he only serves two months, being let out early for good behaviour. Once released, Martin resumes his criminal lifestyle by robbing a shop, blackmailing Kareena Ferreira (Pooja Shah) and growing cannabis in the shed of his deceased father with the help of his best friend, Asif Malik (Ashvin Luximon). This leads to family friend Derek Harkinson (Ian Lavender) taking the blame when the police find out, as Martin cannot risk being in trouble with the law, due to his previous convictions. It is not until Martin is confronted and forgiven by a bereaved Sonia that he finally begins to feel remorse for his actions and he then attempts to reform himself.
After a few brief relationships, including a one-night stand with Kelly Taylor (Brooke Kinsella), Martin begins to grow close to Sonia, and they end up falling in love and after Sonia helps him come to terms with the death of his brother, Martin decides to propose marriage. Amidst an array of interference from Pauline, Martin and Sonia decide to elope and marry away from Walford in June 2004. The newlyweds move in with Pauline, but their marriage is constantly put under strain by her meddling. Several months later, Martin unwittingly puts his marriage in jeopardy when he encounters Sarah Cairns (Alison Pargeter). After passing out drunk at Sarah's home, she pretends that Martin slept with her, and begins stalking him. When Martin physically threatens her, she contacts the police and gets him arrested and then reveals their fabricated affair to Sonia. Sarah's plan is thwarted however, as Sonia refuses to give her husband up. After admitting that their affair is a lie, Sarah stabs Martin with a kitchen knife, but then Sonia hits her over the head with Pauline's fruit bowl. Sarah is committed to a mental institution and Martin and Sonia put the incident behind them.
Pauline's influence over Martin puts a strain on is marriage to Sonia. Things worsen when Sonia discovers that Martin and Pauline have been seeing her adopted daughter (now named Rebecca) against her wishes. Early in 2006, their marriage breaks down, due to Sonia's lesbian affair with a fellow student, Naomi Julien (Petra Letang). Martin is devastated, but she soon regrets it when Martin is given custody of their daughter following the death of her legal guardian. Sonia is frequently excluded from her daughter's life by Martin and Pauline. Martin attempts to move on by having a brief relationship Carly Wicks (Kellie Shirley), which stirs up some jealousy in Sonia. Immediately after Martin and Sonia's divorce is finalised in October 2006, they begin to regret their separation. They have sex together, and they then secretly reunite and hope to keep it from Pauline. Pauline eventually finds out and they argue. Pauline prepares to leave Walford but the house catches fire, and Martin saves her. Pauline then tells him that she is dying from a brain tumour. In fact, she is faking it to make sure that Martin ends his relationship with Sonia, which he eventually does.
However Martin is stunned when it is revealed that Pauline has been lying. When Martin discovers that his mother is leaving for the United States on Christmas Day, he tries to persuade her to stay, but her decision is final. On Christmas Day, Martin proposes to Sonia again and she accepts, but later that day he discovers his mother's dead body outside in the Square. Martin believes Joe murdered her, but Sonia confesses that she killed Pauline, as she had hit her earlier. After a fight between the couple, the police arrive and Sonia is arrested on suspicion of murder. She is released and he forbids her to see Rebecca. Pauline's post-mortem results are announced and Martin is told that Pauline's death was caused by a severe blow to the head. Sonia goes on the run, but takes Rebecca as well, leaving Martin devastated. Sonia soon returns with Rebecca, so Martin calls the police to arrest her. It is later revealed that Joe was the one who killed Pauline. When Pauline's will is read, she gives Martin possession of the house but he has to forfeit it if he chooses to live with Sonia. Martin and Sonia reunite anyway, and they, with Rebecca and Pauline's dog Betty, leave Walford together on 2 February 2007. It is later revealed they are touring the USA staying at Martin's sister Michelle's, house.
Sonia returns to Walford without Martin and Rebecca in February 2010 for Bianca's wedding. Initially Sonia says that Martin and Rebecca are fine, but then tells her mother Carol that she and Martin are having problems in their marriage. Sonia reveals in 2011 that she and Rebecca are living in Dagenham and that Martin is living with a new girlfriend in Manchester.
When Carol visits Sonia in January 2014 to tell her about her breast cancer diagnosis, Sonia reveals that she and Martin have reunited.

</doc>
<doc id="2870195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870195" title="Yeshiva Torah Vodaas">
Yeshiva Torah Vodaas

Yeshiva Torah Vodaas (or Mesivta Torah Vodaas) is a "yeshiva" located in the Kensington neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.
History.
The Yeshiva was conceived in 1917 by friends Binyomin Wilhelm and Louis Dershowitz to provide a yeshiva education centering on traditional Jewish sacred texts to the children of families then moving from the Lower East Side to the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. The two friends contacted prominent local Rabbi Zev Gold of Congregation Beth Jacob Anshe Sholom and together they formed a board and established the yeshiva in Williamsburg as an elementary school. Rabbi Gold was elected as the yeshiva's first president; he suggested the name Torah Vodaas after the yeshiva founded in Lida in 1896 by Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines, which combined secular studies with Jewish studies and traditional Talmud study. That yeshiva closed in 1903. The founding members of the yeshiva soon offered the principalship of the institution to Rabbi Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz, who headed the yeshiva from 1922 to 1948. Under Mendlowitz's leadership, a mesivta (yeshiva high school) was opened in 1926. Later he opened a "Yeshiva Gedola" as well. The Yeshiva later moved to 452 and 425 East 9th Street, Brooklyn, NY 11218, where it is located today.
Philosophy.
""Torah im Derech Eretz"" historically influenced the yeshiva's philosophy, but today it is strongly influenced by the "haredi" or, ultra-orthodox philosophy. However, Torah Vodaath is one of the many major haredi yeshivohs that allow its students to attend college while studying at the yeshiva. The great majority of the yeshiva's graduates go on to work in fields that are not related to the torah education that they received in yeshiva.
Rosh Yeshiva.
The current "roshei yeshiva", Rabbi Yisroel Belsky, Rabbi Yosef Savitsky, a prominent student of Rabbi Berel Soloveitchik, and Rabbi Yisroel Reisman, Rabbi of Agudath Israel of Madison and author of several "sefarim". The yeshiva has had many prominent "roshei yeshiva", including Rabbi Avraham Yaakov Pam, Rabbi Shlomo Heiman, Rabbi Dovid Leibowitz, Rabbi Yaakov Kamenetsky, Rabbi Shachne Zohn, Rabbi Zelik Epstein, Rabbi Gedalia Schorr, Rabbi Elya Chazan, Rabbi Reuvain Fein. Rabbi Simcha Sheps, Rabbi Moshe Rosen, and Rabbi Reuvain Grozovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="2870198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870198" title="Mindaugas Žukauskas">
Mindaugas Žukauskas

Mindaugas Žukauskas (born August 24, 1975 in Šiauliai, Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a retired Lithuanian professional basketball player, a former captain of the Lithuanian national basketball team. He is a small forward 2.02 m tall. Žukauskas is currently a manager for BC Šiauliai.
Awards/achievements.
His former teams include Lithuanian Žalgiris Kaunas, Italian Montepaschi Siena and Scavolini Pesaro, and Slovenian KK Union Olimpija.

</doc>
<doc id="2870209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870209" title="Hugh M. Cummings High School">
Hugh M. Cummings High School

Hugh M. Cummings, III Senior High School [http://hch.abss.k12.nc.us/modules/groups/homepagefiles/cms/35265/Image/frontofschool.jpg] (grades 9-12) in Burlington, North Carolina, and part of the Alamance-Burlington School System. The school opened in 1970 and serves the east side of the city. The school is currently a part of the Mid-State 2A conference.
Athletics.
Cummings is also the home to multiple state champions in football, basketball and track. The "Cavaliers" brought home four state championships in 2007 alone (football, men's basketball, and stand out women's indoor track, women's outdoor track). Brandon Tate, an alumnus of the school, was drafted in the third round of the NFL Draft by the New England Patriots.The Cavaliers won the state 3A championship in football in 1988,1990,and 1992. Lead by Coach Dave Gutshall with Quaterbacks Chucky Burnette, Donnie Davis and Ernest Tinnin, who all have their numbers 12,10, and 15 retired in the schools gymnasium respectfully.

</doc>
<doc id="2870221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870221" title="Double Fudge">
Double Fudge

 
Double Fudge is a 2002 children's novel by Judy Blume and the fifth in the "Fudge" series. The Hatcher family goes to Washington, D.C. where they spend time with their extended family, and Fudge finds out that his cousin is also named Farley Drexel Hatcher. His interest in money is a common theme throughout the story.
Plot.
In this sequel in the "Fudge" series, Fudge takes up an obsessive and greedy love for money and his family decides to take him to the Bureau of Engraving and Printing in Washington, D.C. to show how money is made hoping that his obsession would stop there. That plan doesn't work, and instead they meet up with their long-lost cousins, the Howie Hatchers. There is Howie, a park ranger who resides in Hawaii and is traveling the country, his pregnant wife Eudora, their perfect, slightly overindulged twin daughters Flora and Fauna who are sometimes nicknamed the "Natural Beauties" and the "Heavenly Hatchers," and last but not least, five-year-old Farley Drexel Hatcher, which is also Fudge's real name. The boys are left alone with their cousins and find out that the Natural Beauties have been trying to find a nickname for Farley and try to use Fudge's own nickname. 
He tries to save his nickname from being taken by them for Farley's own use by yelling and gets bitten in the leg. After the two are broken up, Peter suggests the Natural Beauties call Farley "Mini-Fudge," but when the other Fudge disagrees, the name is changed to Mini-Farley. Peter is having a rough time throughout this because his best friend Jimmy has left Manhattan and moved far off to the SoHo section of New York City. He still goes to the same school but Peter feels lonely. Fudge begins hating Mini, and the Natural Beauties then annoy Peter more when they are invited to perform at an assembly at his school. Mini lets Uncle Feather, Fudge's myna bird who has stopped talking, out of his cage and he has a near-death incident (which causes him to begin talking again, although it is never explained why he stopped in the first place). Fudge goes trick-or-treating with Mini on Halloween and they get stuck in an elevator.
Near the end of the story, in a semi-homage to the ending of the first novel, Mini swallows Fudge's baby tooth that just fell out. The Howies quickly depart from the Hatchers' apartment because he was throwing a fit, and after writing a note to the Tooth Fairy to explain what happened, he still tries to get some more Tooth Fairy money by using a box of Peter's old baby teeth. He takes it back and places it under his own pillow because, as Peter says, "Hey, you never know."

</doc>
<doc id="2870224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870224" title="Pauline Roland">
Pauline Roland

Pauline Roland (1805, Falaise, Calvados — 15 December 1852) was a French feminist and socialist.
Upon her mother's insistence, Roland received a good education and was introduced to the ideas of Claude Henri de Rouvroy, Comte de Saint-Simon, the founder of French socialism, by one of her teachers. She became an enthusiastic supporter of his philosophy. Following her arrival in Paris in 1832, Roland began writing for early feminist papers and compiled a series of remarkable histories of France (1835), England (1838), and England, Scotland and Ireland (1844).
Roland was a close associate of Pierre Leroux and George Sand and she joined Leroux's community at Boussac (Indre) in 1847, where she worked in the school and wrote for "l'Eclaireur de l'Indre". Roland lived for twelve years until 1845 in a "free union" with Jean Aicard, insisting that their two children, and a son whose father was Adolphe Guérolt, bear her name and be brought up by her. On Flora Tristan's death in 1844, she also undertook the care of her daughter Aline (later to be the mother of Paul Gauguin).
On Roland's return to Paris in December, she became active in feminist and socialist agitation and publications (the Voix des Femmes), notably with Jeanne Deroin and Desirée Gay. With Deroin and Gustave Lefrançais she established the Association of Socialist Teachers stressing the importance of equality of the sexes in an education program spanning the first eighteen years of life and of women staying in the work force. Roland then played a key role in convening the Union of Workers Associations.
In October 1849 delegates of over 100 trades elected Roland to the central committee. This attempt to resuscitate the cooperative movement in 1848 was suppressed by the government in April 1850, and Roland was one of fifty people arrested the following month. At her subsequent trial for her socialism, feminism and "debauchery," she was attacked vitriolically and then imprisoned for seven months, until July 1851. Undaunted, Roland was active in the Parisian resistance to the coup d'état of December and subsequently imprisoned in Algeria. She owed her early release to the intercession of Pierre-Jean de Béranger and George Sand however, on the way home to rejoin her children, she became ill owing to the harsh conditions she had endured in prison and died in Lyon on 15 December 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="2870226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870226" title="American Go Association">
American Go Association

The American Go Association (AGA) was founded in 1935 to promote the board game of Go in the United States. Founded by chess master Edward Lasker and some friends at Chumley's restaurant in New York City, the AGA is one of the oldest Western Go associations. The AGA publishes a weekly online newsletter that reaches more than 13,000 subscribers worldwide, The American Go E-Journal, and an annual "Yearbook"; maintains a national rating system; organizes an annual national event, The US Go Congress; selects North American representatives in international tournaments; and provides support to its members and chapters as they promote Go in their communities. Events for youth have also been established including tournaments and an annual AGA youth summer camp that features instruction from professional players. The AGA has developed a set of rules that attempts to reconcile difference between "area"-based rule sets and "territory"-based rule sets, and participates actively in an international committee trying to establish a unified worldwide set of rules.
As a member of the International Go Federation, which in turn belongs to SportAccord, the AGA is the official organization responsible for managing and promoting Go in the United States.
AGA City League A 2013.
Round 1.
January 26, 2013
Round 2.
February 24, 2013
Round 3.
March 17, 2013
Round 4.
March 31, 2013
Round 5.
April 28, 2013
Round 6.
May 12, 2013
Round 7.
May 26, 2013
Round 8.
June 16, 2013
Round 9.
June 30, 2013
Round 10.
July 14, 2013
AGA City League A 2014.
Round 1.
January 25, 2014
Round 2.
February 22, 2014
Round 3.
March 29, 2014
Round 4.
April 26, 2014
Round 5.
May 17, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="2870227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870227" title="Open (Shaznay Lewis album)">
Open (Shaznay Lewis album)

Open is Shaznay Lewis' debut album as a solo artist and it was released on July 19, 2004. Shaznay is part of and the major songwriter of All Saints.
About the album.
The title "Open" was Shaznay's decision during the time she was recording in the studio because she was 'opened' to many new ideas at the time.
It features two singles: "Never Felt Like This Before" and "You". There was an announcement saying that Shaznay was going release her 3rd single "Nasty Boy" in March 2005, but that was just a rumour.
It is worth noting that the track #3 was originally called "Never Felt Like This Before" and the single and video has been released under that name as well, however on the album the spelling has been changed to "I Never Felt Like This Before". It is nevertheless the same song.
There was also an additional track called "Don't Know What To Say", however it was removed from the album before it was confirmed. The song was removed as it was said to have been a weak song in reference to its title. The album (without any promotion) seems to have been re-released, as "Don't Know What To Say" is now an added track on the album. This change can be seen on the HMV website. When the album was first released, this song was not included.
The final track "Now You're Gone" was originally called "Crying" but it was changed before the album was confirmed. The song has been released on the Shaznay Lewis Album Sampler which features 5 songs taken from her album Open, however "Mr Dawg" and "You" are both rough demos different from the album versions (both vocally and melodically).

</doc>
<doc id="2870234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870234" title="Mary Rotolo">
Mary Rotolo

Mary Teresa Pezzati Rotolo Bowes (January 28, 1910 - September 27, 1990) was an American writer and political activist. Her daughters are Suze and Carla Rotolo. Suze Rotolo was one of Bob Dylan's early girlfriends in New York City.
Early life.
Mary was born in Roxbury, Massachusetts, on January 28, 1910, the daughter of Italian immigrants Sisto Pezzati and his wife Cesarina née Opizzi. Her older brother was Pietro Pezzati, who was a noted American portrait painter.
While in Boston, Rotolo dated B. F. Skinner and was acquainted with Conlon Nancarrow, who later renounced his American citizenship because of his membership in the Communist Party. In the 1930s, she traveled to Spain supposedly to report on the Spanish Civil War but she was, in fact, working for the communists as a courier between Spain and Italy supplying American passports for Italian communists so they could leave Italy and join the International Brigades fighting in Spain. On her return, she went to New York City, where she wrote for various liberal newspapers.
Marriage and Children.
Mary was married three times. She first married Dominic Testa in Boston, Massachusetts, on March 28, 1933. On July 1, 1933 while taking a sailboat trip along the Eastern United States coast her husband fell overboard and drowned. His body was never recovered.
In March 1940, she married Joachim Rotolo in New York and they had two daughters, Carla and Susan (Suze). Mary and her husband were also friends with American writer Charles Flato who, it was discovered only in the 1990s, was a Soviet spy. 
Joachim Rotolo died of a heart attack on February 18, 1958, before Suze met and lived with Bob Dylan in the early 1960s. When Mary's daughters knew Bob Dylan she thought very little of him and later remembered him as "a twerp" and informed Bob Dylan biographer Howard Sounes, that he had "green teeth", was not generous with money, and that his attitude left a lot to be desired adding: "I didn't trust him and I didn't like him and I certainly didn't want him living under the same roof as my daughter." 
Rotolo married Dr. Frederick P. Bowes on January 8, 1962, in Hoboken, New Jersey. They moved to Santa Teresa Gallura (Sardinia) where they lived most of their lives together.
Rotolo predeceased her husband and died at Norwood Hospital in Norwood, Massachusetts, on September 27, 1990, from lung cancer.
Dylan had this to say about his girlfriend Suze's mother: 
""Mary, though, who worked as a translator for medical journals, wasn't having it. Mary lived on the top floor of an apartment building on Sheridan Square and treated me like I had the clap. If she would have had her way, the cops would have locked me up." 
"Suze's mom was a small feisty woman-volatile with black eyes like twin coals that could burn a hole through you, was very protective. Always make you feel like you did something wrong. She thought I had a nameless way of life and would never be able to support anybody, but I think it went much deeper than that. I think I just came in at a bad time." 
"She glared at me, cigarette in her mouth. She was always trying to goad me into some kind of argument. My presence was so displeasing to her, but it's not like I'd caused any trouble in her life. It wasn't me who was responsible for the loss of Suze's father or anything. Once I said to her that I didn't think she was being fair. She stared squarely into my eyes like she was staring at some distant, visible object and said to me, 'Do me a favor, don't think when I'm around.' Suze would tell me later that she didn't mean it. She did mean it, though. She did everything in her power to keep us apart, but we went on seeing each other anyway.""
Mary Pezzati's concerns as to Dylan's character were realized to a certain extent when Suze Rotolo discovered that he was not only conducting an affair with Joan Baez, but also with a married woman, Sara Lownds and also expressed a desire to continue his relationship with Rotolo.

</doc>
<doc id="2870235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870235" title="The Candyskins">
The Candyskins

The Candy Skins are a rock band formed in 1989 in Oxfordshire, England. Though early members of the 'Oxford Scene', they enjoyed limited commercial success compared to their contemporaries Radiohead and Supergrass. They were considered by the British music press as one of the seminal early bands of the Brit Pop era. The band recorded four studio albums over a period of eight years before breaking up in 1998 and reuniting in 2009.
History.
The band owes its origins to Mark and Nick Cope, Nick Burton and John Halliday all living in the same village, Islip, Oxfordshire, and attending the same local secondary school (Gosford Hill School) between around 1974 and 1980. The four Islip members of the band had begun working together by the time they left school and various line-ups and name-changes followed during the 1980s, until "The Candy Skins" were formed in 1989, with Richard (mini) Brown on bass and banjo. After the successful release of the single "Submarine Song" in 1990, the band went into the studio to produce their first full-length album "Space I'm In". The album included three singles: "Submarine Song", "She Blew Me Away" and "You Are Here". Brown left the band before the album was released.
After a year of touring and the replacement of a stand-in bass player with Karl Shale, the band released their second album "Fun?" on Geffen Records in 1993. Characteristically, the band attempted to build upon the U.S. success of "Space I'm In" with an ironic album featuring songs about football and gardening. The poor selling record began an elongated legal dispute between the record company and the band, reportedly due to disagreements over songwriting royalties.
The album "Sunday Morning Fever" was released on Ultimate in the UK in 1997, and saw the band enjoy their biggest chart success with the single "Monday Morning" making it into the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. The record company went bankrupt and the band were left in limbo during the recording of their last album "Death of a Minor TV Celebrity". The album did not do as well as their previous efforts, despite featuring the single "Feed It" which was one of the central songs on the soundtrack to the movie "The Waterboy" starring Adam Sandler.
Break-up.
The band broke up in 1998 and members now primarily pursue other projects in the music industry. Mark Cope has a new band Nine Stone Cowboy, and has released several singles including "Jesus Doesn't Like Me". Nick Cope writes and records music for children. John Halliday and Brett Gordon joined the group 100 Bullets Back.
Reformation.
The band have re-united on several occasions since their break-up, fueling rumours that they may one day reform.
Notable public performances include:
Farewell gig on New Year's Eve, 2001 at The Zodiac.
Last night party of The Zodiac in Oxford on 17 May 2007. The event was filmed for a documentary about the history of the Oxford music scene, Anyone Can Play Guitar (in which The Candy Skins feature heavily). Over two thousand people attended the sold-out show. They also played at the Carling Academy, Oxford, in what was The Zodiac, on the 8 August 2008.
Truck Festival on 26 July 2009, on a bill that included old Oxford friends Supergrass, amongst others. [http://www.thisistruck.com/]
Trivia.
Nick and Mark Cope are the sons of actor Kenneth Cope and brothers of actress Martha Cope. Nick Burton is the son of the industrial historian Anthony Burton.

</doc>
<doc id="2870242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870242" title="Lost Lagoon">
Lost Lagoon

Lost Lagoon is an artificial, captive 16.6-hectare (41 acre) body of water, west of Georgia Street, near the entrance to Stanley Park in Vancouver, Canada. Surrounding the lake is a trail, and it features a lit fountain that was erected by Robert Harold Williams to commemorate the city's golden jubilee. It is a nesting ground to many species of birds, including non-native Mute Swan (whose wing tendons have been clipped to prevent escaping), Canada geese, numerous species of ducks such as mallard ducks and Great Blue Herons.
Naming and history.
Native food gatherers used the low tide mudflats as a source for clams, and a midden on the north side indicates that a large dwelling once stood there. In the Sḵwxwú7mesh language, the name is Ch'ekxwa'7lech, meaning "gets dry at times". Settlers also built cabins around the lake, which were all removed between 1913 and 1916 during construction of the causeway. The lake was created in 1916 by the construction of the Stanley Park causeway; until then, Lost Lagoon was a shallow part of Coal Harbour, which itself is an extension of Burrard Inlet.
The name for Lost Lagoon comes from a poem written by Pauline Johnson, who later explained her inspiration: 
The lake was officially named Lost Lagoon in 1922 by the park board, long after Johnson's death and, ironically, after the lagoon had been permanently lost after becoming landlocked.
Development.
When the causeway was first proposed in 1909, an intense public debate took place over the fate of the basin. As with most of the early controversies concerning the use of Stanley Park, organized labour was pitted against the more upper and middle class proponents of the City Beautiful movement. Trade union representatives argued that the majority working class population was in need of recreational facilities, while their opponents maintained that more aesthetic or ethereal considerations should take precedence in park development. The Vancouver Trades and Labour Council was adamantly opposed to the idea of an artificial lake, and argued for it to instead be filled in for use as a sports field. The park board retained the services of T. Mawson and Associates, an architectural landscaping firm that had designed the park's zoo and many other facilities in Stanley Park. The proposal the board settled on featured an artificial lake with a sports stadium on the northwest side and a large museum on the southwest shore. The $800,000 price tag, however, proved too steep for the board's budget, and the non-lake parts of the proposal were quashed.
The next phase in the lake's development came in 1929, when the saltwater pipes entering from Coal Harbour were shut off, turning it into a freshwater lake. The BC Fish and Game Protection Association was given permission to stock the lake with trout. The Stanley Park Flyfishing Association was formed, and charged members to fish in the lake, while the park board profited from the canoe and boat rentals. This came to an end in 1938 when the walkway around the lake was constructed and the area declared a bird sanctuary. Civic budgets were significantly reduced during the depression, but the park board benefited from the free labour of relief recipients, who were used to landscape Lost Lagoon.
The next controversy surrounding the lake followed the proposal for a fountain to be erected in the lake to coincide with the city's Golden Jubilee anniversary celebrations in 1936. For the mayor, it would be "a miracle of engineering," with the spray of water lit by virtually "limitless combinations" of colour. The public, in contrast, were not impressed by the proposal. Its $33,019.96 price tag was considered extremely frivolous in the midst of an economic crisis. As written in The Sunday Sun Edition of the Vancouver Sun Newspaper, Saturday, August 8. 1936. The lead story in the Magazine section is; SECRETS OF THE FOUNTAIN. It was the conception and idea of then, Chief Electrical Engineer, Robert Harold Williams with Hume and Rumble Ltd. electrical contractors. R.Harold Williams designed and supervised the erection of the Vancouver's Golden Jubilee fountain. After a business trip to Los Angeles he saw a fountain and thought this would be a great gift for the city for their up and coming birthday, Golden Jubilee celebration. To build the fountain, Lost Lagoon was drained. Seventy piles were driven into the mud. On these a concrete mat was laid. The fountain was built upon this mat. The work was of necessity rushed; it was done in a month. "The fountain is worthy of all the traditions of art, worthy of Vancouver's Golden Jubilee, and it will be a permanent, decorative joy in Stanley Park". "When operating , it is like a symphony concert, in motion and color instead of music, says Harold Williams, engineer, of Hume & Rumble Ltd., under whose personal supervision the work has been done." Vancouver's Jubilee Committee and private citizens who contributed are to be commended on their work in pushing for this beautiful fountain, which is sure to be one of the major attractions during the Golden Jubilee celebration. "We've had to hurry," says Mr. Williams," in that time 285 tons of cement have been utilized and all the special equipment was built." All equipment was built in Canada and the pumps were constructed in Vancouver. All union labor was employed. It was restored for Expo in 1986.
Lost Lagoon is a popular place for park users for strolling the perimeter trail and bird watching. On the southeast corner of the lake is the Lost Lagoon Nature House, an old boathouse that is now an interpretive centre for the Stanley Park Ecology Society. While rare in recent decades, Lost Lagoon can freeze during a cold spell, permitting public ice skating and ice hockey.

</doc>
<doc id="2870246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870246" title="Kontagora">
Kontagora

Kontagora is a major town on the south bank of the Kontagora River in north-west Niger State, Nigeria. It is the capital city of the Kontagora Emirate.
On December 15, 1995, the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Kontagora was established here. St Michael’s Cathedral is the seat of the apostolic vicar.

</doc>
<doc id="2870273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870273" title="Chiral auxiliary">
Chiral auxiliary

A chiral auxiliary is a chemical compound or unit that is temporarily incorporated into an organic synthesis in order to control the stereochemical outcome of the synthesis. The chirality present in the auxiliary can bias the stereoselectivity of one or more subsequent reactions. The auxiliary can then be cleaved from the substrate and is typically recovered for future use.
Most biological molecules and pharmaceutical targets exist as one of two possible enantiomers; consequently, chemical syntheses of natural products and pharmaceutical agents are frequently designed to obtain the target in enantiomerically pure form. Chiral auxiliaries are one of many strategies available to synthetic chemists to selectively produce the desired stereoisomer of a given compound.
Chiral auxiliaries were introduced by E.J. Corey in 1978 with chiral 8-phenylmenthol and by B.M. Trost in 1980 with chiral mandelic acid. The menthol compound is difficult to prepare and as an alternative trans-2-phenyl-1-cyclohexanol was introduced by J. K. Whitesell in 1985.
Asymmetric synthesis.
Chiral auxiliaries are incorporated into synthetic routes to control the absolute configuration of stereogenic centers. David Evans' synthesis of cytovaricin, considered a classic, utilizes oxazolidinone chiral auixiliaries for one asymmetric alkylation reaction and four asymmetric aldol reactions, setting the absolute stereochemistry of nine stereocenters.
A typical axuiliary-guided stereoselective transformation involves three steps: first, the auxiliary is covalently coupled to the substrate; second, the resulting compound undergoes one or more diastereoselective transformations; and finally, the auxiliary is removed under conditions that do not cause racemization of the desired products. The cost of employing stoichiometric auxiliary and the need to spend synthetic steps appending and removing the auxiliary make this approach appear inefficient. However, for many transformations, the only available stereoselective methodology relies on chiral auxiliares. In addition, transformations with chiral auxiliaries tend to be versatile and very well-studied, allowing the most time-efficient access to enantiomerically pure products.
Furthermore, the products of auxiliary-directed reactions are diastereomers, which enables their facile separation by methods such as column chromatography or crystallization.
8-phenylmenthol.
In an early example of the use of a chiral auxiliary in asymmetric synthesis, E.J. Corey and coworkers conducted an asymmetric Diels-Alder reaction between (-)-8-phenylmenthol acrylate ester and 5-benzyloxymethylcyclopentadiene. The cycloaddition product was carried forward to the iodolactone shown below, an intermediate in the classic Corey synthesis of the prostaglandins. It is proposed that the back face of the acrylate is blocked by the auxiliary, so that cycloaddition occurs at the front face of the olefin.
(-)-8-phenylmenthol can be prepared from either enantiomer of pulegone,
though neither route is very efficient. Because of the widespread utility of the 8-phenylmenthol auxliliary, alternative compounds that are more easily synthesized, such as "trans"-2-phenyl-1-cyclohexanol 
and "trans"-2-( 1-pheyl-1-methylethyl)cyclohexanol have been explored.
Oxazolidones.
Oxazolidinone auxiliaries, popularized by David Evans, have been applied to many stereoselective transformations, including aldol reactions, alkylation reactions, and Diels-Alder reactions. The oxazolidinones are substituted at the 4 and 5 positions. Through steric hindrance, the substituents direct the direction of substitution of various groups. The auxiliary is subsequently removed e.g. through hydrolysis.
Preparation.
Oxazolidinones can be prepared from amino acids or readily available amino alcohols. A large number of oxazolidinones are commercially available, including the four below.
Acylation of the oxazolidinone is achieved by deprotonation with n-butyllithium and quench with an acid chloride.
Alkylation reactions.
Deprotonation at the α-carbon of an oxazolidinone imide with a strong base such as lithium diisopropylamide selectively furnishes the ("Z")-enolate, which can undergo stereoselective alkylation.
Activated electrophiles, such as allylic or benzylic halides, are very good substrates.
Aldol reactions.
Chiral oxazolidinones have been employed most widely in stereoselective aldol reactions.
Soft enolization with the Lewis acid dibutulboron triflate and the base diisopropylethylamine gives the ("Z")-enolate, which undergoes a diastereoselective aldol reaction with an aldehyde substrate. The transformation is particularly powerful because it establishes two contiguous stereocenters simultaneously.
A model for the observed stereoselectivity can be found below. The "syn"-stereorelationship between the methyl group and the new secondary alcohol results from a six-membered ring Zimmerman-Traxler transition state, wherein the enolate oxygen and the aldheyde oxygen both coordinate boron. The aldehyde is oriented such that the hydrogen is placed in a pseudo-axial orientation to minimize 1,3-diaxial interactions. The absolute stereochemistry of the two stereocenters is controlled by the chirality in the auxiliary. In the transition structure, the auxiliary carbonyl is oriented away from the enolate oxygen so as to minimize the net dipole of the molecule; one face of the enolate is blocked by the substituent on the chiral auxiliary.
Removal.
A variety of transformations have been developed to facilitate removal of the oxazolidinone auxiliary to generate different synthetically useful functional groups.
Pseudoephedrine.
Both (R,R)- and (S,S)-pseudoephedrine are used as a chiral auxiliary. Pseudoephedrine is reacted with a carboxylic acid, acid anhydride, or acyl chloride to give a pseudoephedrine amide.
The α-proton of the carbonyl compound is easily deprotonated by a non-nucleophilic base to give the enolate, which can further react. The configuration of the addition compound, such as with an alkyl halide, is directed by the methyl group. Thus, any addition product will be anti to the methyl and syn with the hydroxyl group. The pseudoephedrine chiral auxiliary is subsequently removed by cleaving the amide bond with an appropriate nucleophile.
Preparation.
Both enantiomers of pseudoephedrine are commercially available. Racemic pseudoephedrine is marketed as Sudafed and under other brand names as a nasal decongestant. Because pseudoephedrine can be converted to the illicit substance methamphetamine, the purchase of pseudoephedrine for use in academic or industrial research is very regulated. As an alternative, Myers and coworkers recently reported the utility of pseudoephenamine chiral auxiliaries in alkylation reactions. While pseudoephenamine is not readily available from commercial sources, it can be synthesized from other available materials and is not subject to the same regulations as pseudoephedrine.
Pseudoephedrine amides are typically prepared by acylation with an acid chloride or acid anhydride.
Alkylation.
Pseudoephedrine amides undergo deprotonation by a strong base such as lithium diisopropylamide (LDA) to give the corresponding ("Z")-enolates. Alkylation of these lithium enolates proceeds with high facial selectivity.
The diastereoselectivity is believed to result from a configuration wherein one face of the lithium enolate is blocked by the secondary lithium alkoxide and the solvent molecules associated with that lithium cation. In accordance with this propsal, it has been observed that the diastereoselctivity of the alkylation step is highly dependent on the amount of lithium chloride present and on the solvent, tetrahydrofuran (THF). Typically, 4 to 6 equivalents of lithium chloride are sufficient to saturate a solution of enolate in THF at the reaction molarity.
One primary advantage of asymmetric alkylation with pseudoephedrine amides is that the amide enolates are typically nucleophilic enough to react with primary and even secondary halides at temperatures ranging from –78 °C to 0 °C. Construction of quaternary carbon centers by alkylation of α-branched amide enolates is also possible, though the addition of DMPU is necessary for less reactive electrophiles.
Removal.
Conditions have been developed for the transformation of pseudoephedrine amides into enantiomerically enriched carboxylic acids, alcohols, aldehydes, and ketones.
After cleavage, the auxiliary can be recovered and reused.
"tert"-Butanesulfinamide.
The use of chiral sulfinamide derivatives as chiral auxiliaries has been explored extensively by Jonathan Ellman.
Preparation.
Either enantiomer of "tert"-butanesulfinamide can be reached from "tert"-butyl disulfide in two steps: a catalytic asymmetric oxidation reaction gives the disulfide monooxidation product in high yield and enantiomeric excess. Treatment of this compound with lithium amide in ammonia affords optically pure inverted product.
Condensation of "tert"-butanesulfinamide with an aldehyde or ketone proceeds in high yield and affords only the ("E")-isomer of the corresponding aldimines and ketimines or N-Sulfinyl imines.
Synthesis of chiral amines.
Addition of a Grignard reagent to a "tert"-butanesulfinyl aldimine or ketimine results in asymmetric addition to give the branched sulfinamide. The observed stereoselectivity can be rationalized by a six-membered ring transition structure, wherein both oxygen and nitrogen of the sulfinyl imine coordinate magnesium.
Removal.
The auxiliary can be removed from the desired amine by treatment with hydrochloric acid in a protic solvent.
SAMP/RAMP.
Alkylation reactions of chiral ("S")-1-amino-2-methoxymethylpyrrolidine (SAMP) and ("R")-1-amino-2-methoxymethylpyrrolidine (RAMP) hydrazones were developed by Dieter Enders and E.J. Corey.
Preparation.
SAMP can be prepared in six steps from ("S")-proline, and RAMP can be prepared in six steps from ("R")-glutamic acid.
Alkylation reactions.
Condensation of SAMP or RAMP with an aldehyde or ketone affords the ("E")-hydrazine. Deprotonation with lithium diisopropylamide and addition of an alkyl halide affords the alkylated product. The auxiliary cam be removed by ozonolysis or hydrolysis.
Chiral auxiliaries in industry.
Chiral auxiliaries are generally reliable and versatile, enabling the synthesis of a large number of enantiomerically pure compounds in a time-efficient manner. Consequently, chiral auxiliaries are often the method of choice in the early phases of drug development.
Tipranavir.
The HIV protease inhibitor Tipranavir is marketed for the treatment of AIDS. The first enantioselective medicinal chemistry route to Tipranavir included the conjugate addition of an organocuprate reagent to a chiral Michael acceptor. The chiral oxazolidinone in the Michael acceptor controlled the stereochemistry of one of two stereocenters in the molecule. The final, commercial route to Tipranavir does not feature a chiral auxiliary; instead, this stereocenter is set by an asymmetric hydrogenation reaction.
Atorvastatin.
The calcium salt of atorvastatin is marketed under the trade name Lipitor for the lowering of blood cholesterol. The first enantioselective medicinal chemistry route to atorvastatin relied on a diastereoselective aldol reaction with a chiral ester to set one of the two alcohol stereocenters. In the commercial route to atorvastatin, this stereocenter is carried forward from readily available isoascorbic acid.

</doc>
<doc id="2870274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870274" title="Peggy Kornegger">
Peggy Kornegger

Peggy Kornegger is an American writer and editor whose work has appeared in a wide variety of feminist, spiritual, and political publications, including "Spirit of Change, Bay Windows, Sojourner, Second Wave, Sinister Wisdom," and "Plexus." In the 1970s, she was an editor of "Second Wave" magazine and the book "Women and Literature: An Annotated Bibliography of Women Writers." Her "Second Wave" article "Anarchism: The Feminist Connection" was reprinted as a booklet in New York and London, translated into Italian for a journal in Italy, and included in the book "Reinventing Anarchy." In the 1990s, she changed the focus of her writing to a more spiritual perspective. Her book "Living with Spirit, Journey of a Flower Child" was published in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="2870277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870277" title="Alamance-Burlington School System">
Alamance-Burlington School System

The Alamance-Burlington School System is a school district covering Alamance County and the city of Burlington. It was created in 1996 by merging the respective systems of the county and city. 
In 2010 it had some 22,500 students (NC's 16th largest system) in 35 schools. 

</doc>
<doc id="2870287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870287" title="Sigma Aquilae">
Sigma Aquilae

Sigma Aquilae (σ Aql, σ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. The baseline apparent magnitude of the pair is +5.17, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye from suburban skies. Because of the Earth's orbit about the Sun, this system has an annual parallax shift of 4.18 mas. This provides a distance estimate of approximately .
Sigma Aquilae is a double-lined spectroscopic binary system consisting of two massive B-type main sequence stars; each has a stellar classification of B3 V. They are detached components, which means the two stars are sufficiently distant from each other that neither fills its Roche lobe.
Because the orbital plane lies close to the line of sight with the Earth, they form a Beta Lyrae-type eclipsing binary variable star system. The brightness of the pair decreases during each eclipse, which occurs with a frequency determined by their orbital period of 1.95026 days. During the eclipse of the primary component the net magnitude decreases by 0.20; the eclipse of the secondary component results in a magnitude decrease of 0.10.

</doc>
<doc id="2870302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870302" title="Scary World Theory">
Scary World Theory

The title itself refers to sociologist theory of George Gerbner, also known as "mean world theory" or Cultivation theory.

</doc>
<doc id="2870306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870306" title="Tinashe Panyangara">
Tinashe Panyangara

Tinashe Panyangara (born October 21, 1985 in Marondera) is a Zimbabwean cricketer.
Panyangara first came to prominence during the under-19s World Cup in Bangladesh in 2003-04 in which he bowled 6 for 31 in a surprising victory for the Zimbabweans. Panyangara was rated as one of the fastest Zimbabwean bowlers in their history. Following the sacking of fifteen rebel players in 2004, he found himself launched into the Zimbabwean squad instead of being able to complete his A-levels as he had previously wished.
Panyangara plays cricket in England during the Summer months at Barkisland Cricket Club. He has since moved to Nottingham where he plays for the West Indies Cavaliers.

</doc>
<doc id="2870309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870309" title="IHO (disambiguation)">
IHO (disambiguation)

As a three letter acronym, IHO can be:

</doc>
<doc id="2870331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870331" title="Marsick Stradivarius">
Marsick Stradivarius

The ex-Marsick Stradivarius of 1715 is an antique violin named for Belgian violinist and teacher Martin Pierre Marsick (1847-1924) who owned the instrument made by Antonio Stradivari of Cremona. The instrument now belongs to the Fulton Collection and is played by James Ehnes.
At a pre-concert talk at Colston Hall in Bristol, England, on 28 November 2005, James Ehnes took pains to differentiate the instrument he was playing from that played by David Oistrakh. Ehnes was playing a 1715 Stradivarius formerly owned by Marsick, while Oistrakh owned the "Marsick Stradivarius" of 1705.

</doc>
<doc id="2870333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870333" title="Anthony Heinsbergen">
Anthony Heinsbergen

Anthony Heinsbergen (December 13, 1894 - June 14, 1981) was an American muralist considered the foremost designer of North American movie theatre interiors.
Born Antoon Heinsbergen in the Netherlands, he emigrated with his family to the United States in 1906 where they settled in Los Angeles. Heinsbergen began painting while still a boy; and, as a young man he worked as an apprentice painter and was one of the first students to take formal training from Mrs. Nelbert Chouinard at her Chouinard Art Institute in Los Angeles. His area of interest in which he developed a renowned expertise was the painting of murals and in 1922 he established went into business for himself. He was successful in obtaining a few commissions out of which he earned considerable recognition that led to a number of major contracts in and around Los Angeles most notably with the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, the Beverly-Wilshire Hotel and in 1928 a municipal government contract for the new Los Angeles City Hall. During this time, his work came to the attention of theatre mogul Alexander Pantages who hired him to work on one of his buildings. The praise he received for this work opened the doors to jobs at more than twenty Pantages theatres and helped Heinsbergen become a major national contractor for theatre murals.
Heinsbergen's company grew to employ more than one hundred and eighty decorative painters involved with a wide variety of wall and ceiling murals for corporate offices, churches, synagogues, civic auditoriums, libraries and other ornate structures of the era. However, the Heinsbergen name is mainly linked to his theatre murals as a result of the more than seven hundred and fifty he created throughout North America during the theatre industry's period of rapid growth. High profile work of this type includes murals for the Wiltern Theatre, the Oakland Paramount Theater, the Warner Grand Theatre in San Pedro, California, and the United Artists flagship theatre in downtown Los Angeles, plus the vaulted ceiling of the city's Park Plaza Hotel which can be seen in the opening sequences of the 1990 David Lynch film "Wild at Heart".
Anthony Heinsbergen built a home in the Los Angeles district of Pacific Palisades on the south slope in the Santa Monica Mountains. Semi-retired by the 1970s when his son Anthony, Jr. (1929–2004), took over the day-to-day management of the company, the elderly Anthony Heinsbergen nonetheless remained active as a frequent consultant for theatre restoration projects until his death in 1981 at the age of eighty-six.

</doc>
<doc id="2870336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870336" title="Karel van Wolferen">
Karel van Wolferen

Karel van Wolferen (born 1941, Rotterdam) is a Dutch journalist, writer and professor, who is particularly recognised for his knowledge of Japanese politics, economics, history and culture.
Career as journalist, writer and academic.
After finishing high school, van Wolferen traveled to the Middle East, India and South East Asia, and from 1962 until the 1990s he was based in Japan. In 1972 he became a correspondent for the Dutch daily "NRC Handelsblad", reporting from many countries in Asia. In 1987 he received the highest Dutch award for journalism for his articles on the People Power Revolution of 1986 in the Philippines (an uprising which forced President Ferdinand Marcos to flee the country).
His book writing career began in 1969, when he was commissioned to do a study on student radicalism in the West. The result of this was published as "Student Revolutionaries of the Sixties", reviewed by the "International Herald Tribune" as "the best introduction to the subject".
After a career as foreign correspondent, he wrote "The Enigma of Japanese Power", first published in 1989, which has sold well over 650,000 copies in 11 languages. In Japan this book received enormous attention. The Asahi Shimbun called it “an elaborate and persuasive study, sharply and careful analyzing a multitude of aspects of Japanese reality”. while "The Financial Times" wrote, “This most thoughtful of books works because it is serious, well informed and, above all, objective”.
Since writing "Enigma", van Wolferen has authored more than 15 books published in Japanese that explore details of political, economic, social and historical aspects of the Japanese power system. His books have sold more than one million copies altogether. His analyses and policy suggestions have influenced Japanese critics and policymakers, including the reformist politicians who emerged after the political upheaval of 1993. Some of these same politicians now form the core of the party that defeated the LDP in August 2009.
He was made University Professor of Comparative Political and Economic Institutions at the University of Amsterdam in 1997. Since then he has continued to write books and articles for Japanese readers. He divides his time between East Asia and the Netherlands.
In 2005, together with NRC Handelsblad reporter Jan Sampiemon, Van Wolferen wrote "Een keerpunt in de vaderlandse geschiedenis" (Dutch: "A turning point in the history of the fatherland"). Its secondary title is "A manifesto to the Dutch people". Despite the 'fatherland' in the title referring to the Netherlands, the book is mostly about the changes in the foreign policies of the United States since the presidency of George W. Bush and the effects these have had on the Atlantic partnership.
Published books.
- ‘Van Eyck to Brueghel’ – 1970, Tudor Publishing Company
- ‘ Student Revolutionaries of the Sixties’ – Oost-West Publishing
- ‘The Enigma of Japanese Power’ - 1989, Alfred A. Knopf
- ‘Nihon wo dosuru ? – Akirameru mae ni, 144 no gimon’ -1991, Hayakawa
- ‘Min wa orokani tamote – Nihon kanryo, dai shimbun no honne’ – 1994, Shogakkan
- ‘Ningen wo koufuku ni shinai Nihon to iu shisutemu’ – 1994, Mainichi (Paperback 2000 Shinchosha)
- ‘Nihon no chishikijin he’ - 1995, Madosha
- ‘Shihaisha wo shihai seyo – senkyomae senkyogo’ - 1996, Mainichi
- ‘Naze Nihonjin wa Nihon wo aisenai no ka – kono fukou na kuni no yukikata’ – 1998, Mainichi
- ‘Okore! Nihon no chuuryuu dankyu’ – 1999, Mainichi
- Amerika wo koufuku ni shi sekai wo fukou ni suru fujouri na shikumi’ – 2000, Diamond
- ‘Nihon to iu kuni wo anata no mono ni suru tame ni’ – 2001, Kadokawa
- ‘Kaiketsu Wolferen no “Nihon waido gekijou”’ – 2001, President
- ‘Wolferen Kyoju no yasashii Nihon keizai’ – 2002, Diamond
- ‘Bush sekai wo kowashita kenryoku no shinjitsu’ - 2003, PHP
- ‘De Ondergang van een Wereldorde (vertaald) – 2003, Contact - Amsterdam, ISBN 90-254-1880-5
- ‘Amerika kara no “dokuritsu” ga Nihonjin wo koufuku ni suru’ – 2003, Jitsugyo no nihonsha
- ‘Sekai no asu ga kessuru hi – beidaitouryousengo no sekai wa dou naru no ka?’ – 2004, Kadokawa
- ‘Sekai ga Nihon wo mitomeru hi – mou Amerika no “zokkoku” de iru hitsuyou wa nai’ – 2005, PHP
- ‘Een Keerpunt in de Vaderlandse Geschiedenis (Co-authored with Jan Sampiemon) – 2005, J.M. Meulenhoff, ISBN 90-290-7698-4
-‘ Mou hitotsu no sakoku – nihon wa sekai de koritsu suru’ – 2006, Kadokawa.
- ‘Nihonjin dake ga shiranai Amerika “sekaishihai” no owari’ - 2007, Shokumashoten

</doc>
<doc id="2870348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870348" title="William Hare, 5th Earl of Listowel">
William Hare, 5th Earl of Listowel

William Francis Hare, 5th Earl of Listowel GCMG, PC (28 September 1906 – 12 March 1997), styled Viscount Ennismore between 1924 and 1931, was an Anglo-Irish peer and Labour politician. He was the last Secretary of State for India as well as the last Governor-General of Ghana.
Background and education.
Lord Listowel was born into The Ascendancy, the old Anglo-Irish aristocracy. He was the eldest son of The Rt. Hon. Richard Hare, 4th Earl of Listowel, and The Hon. Freda, daughter of Francis Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 2nd Baron Derwent. John Hare, 1st Viscount Blakenham, a Conservative Cabinet minister, was his younger brother. He was educated at Eton College, Balliol College, Oxford, Magdalene College, Cambridge and King's College London (PhD, 1932).
Political career.
Listowel served as a Lieutenant in the Intelligence Corps. He entered the House of Lords on the death of his father in November 1931, by right of the United Kingdom peerage of Baron Hare, and made his maiden speech in March of the following year. He was a Labour Party whip in House of Lords from 1941 to 1944 and Deputy Leader of the House of Lords and Under-Secretary of State for India and Burma from 1944 to 1945. 
When Labour came to power in 1945 under Clement Attlee, Listowel was appointed Postmaster-General, a post he held until April 1947, and was briefly Minister of Information between February and March 1946, when the office was abolished. In April 1947 he entered the cabinet as Secretary of State for India and Burma. After India gained independence in August 1947 his cabinet title became Secretary of State for Burma, working from the Burma Office, but in January 1948 this too was abolished, when Burma also gained independence, and Listowel then left the cabinet. He continued to serve under Attlee as Minister of State for Colonial Affairs from 1948 to 1950 and as Joint Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries from 1950 to 1951. In 1957 he was appointed Governor-General of Ghana, a post he held until 1960, when Ghana became a Republic. He was later Chairman of Committees in the House of Lords between 1965 and 1976. He remained an active member of the House of Lords, speaking for the last time in July 1995, aged 88. 
Apart from his career in national politics Lord Listowel was a member of London County Council for East Lewisham between 1937 and 1946,and for Battersea North between 1952 and 1957. He was appointed a Privy Counsellor in 1946 and a GCMG in 1957.
Family.
Lord Listowel was thrice married. 
Lord Listowel died in March 1997, aged 90, and was succeeded by his eldest son from his third marriage, Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="2870352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870352" title="Chi Aquilae">
Chi Aquilae

Chi Aquilae (χ Aql, χ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a binary star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila, the eagle. This system is bright enough to be seen with the naked eye at a combined visual magnitude of +5.29. Based upon parallax measurements made during the Hipparcos mission, Chi Aquilae is at a distance of approximately from Earth.
The brighter member of Chi Aquilae is yellow-hued G-type star with a stellar classification of G2 Ib-II and an apparent magnitude of 5.80. A luminosity class of Ib-II indicates the spectrum lies midway between that of a bright giant and a supergiant star. The companion is a white-hued A-type main sequence star with a classification of B5 V and an apparent magnitude of 6.68. As of 2004, the secondary is located at an angular separation of 0.418 arcseconds along a position angle of 76.7° from the primary.

</doc>
<doc id="2870356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870356" title="Agriculture, forestry, and fishing in Japan">
Agriculture, forestry, and fishing in Japan

Agriculture, forestry, and fishing form the primary sector of industry of the Japanese economy, together with the Japanese mining industry, but together they account for only 1.3% of gross national product. Only 20% of Japan's land is suitable for cultivation, and the agricultural economy is highly subsidized and protected.
Agriculture, forestry, and fishing dominated the Japanese economy until the 1940s, but thereafter declined into relative unimportance (see Agriculture in the Empire of Japan). In the late 19th century (Meiji period), these sectors had accounted for more than 80% of employment. Employment in agriculture declined in the prewar period, but the sector was still the largest employer (about 50% of the work force) by the end of World War II. It was further declined to 23.5% in 1965, 11.9% in 1977, and to 7.2% in 1988. The importance of agriculture in the national economy later continued its rapid decline, with the share of net agricultural production in GNP finally reduced between 1975 and 1989 from 4.1% to 3% In the late 1980s, 85.5% of Japan's farmers were also engaged in occupations outside of farming, and most of these part-time farmers earned most of their income from nonfarming activities.
Japan's economic boom that began in the 1950s left farmers far behind in both income and agricultural technology. They were attracted to the government's food control policy under which high rice prices were guaranteed and farmers were encouraged to increase the output of any crops of their own choice. Farmers became mass producers of rice, even turning their own vegetable gardens into rice fields. Their output swelled to over 14 million metric tons in the late 1960s, a direct result of greater cultivated area and increased yield per unit area, owing to improved cultivation techniques.
Three types of farm households developed: those engaging exclusively in agriculture (14.5% of the 4.2 million farm households in 1988, down from 21.5% in 1965); those deriving more than half their income from the farm (14.2% down from 36.7% in 1965); and those mainly engaged in jobs other than farming (71.3% up from 41.8% in 1965). As more and more farm families turned to nonfarming activities, the farm population declined (down from 4.9 million in 1975 to 4.8 million in 1988). The rate of decrease slowed in the late 1970s and 1980s, but the average age of farmers rose to 51 years by 1980, twelve years older than the average industrial employee.
Land shortage.
The most striking feature of Japanese agriculture is the shortage of farmland. The under cultivation constituted just 13.2% of the total land area in 1988. However, the land is intensively cultivated. Rice paddies occupy most of the countryside, whether on the alluvial plains, the terraced slopes, or wetlands and coastal bays. Non-paddy farmland share the terraces and lower slopes and are planted with wheat and barley in the autumn and with sweet potatoes, vegetables, and dry rice in the summer. Intercropping is common: such crops are alternated with beans and peas.
Japanese agriculture has been characterized as a "sick" sector because it must contend with a variety of constraints, such as the rapidly diminishing availability of arable land and falling agricultural incomes. The problem of surplus rice was further aggravated by extensive changes in the diets of many Japanese in the 1970s and 1980s. Even a major rice crop failure did not reduce the accumulated stocks by more than 25% of the reserve. In 1990, Japan was 67% self-sufficient in agricultural products and provided for around 30% of its cereal and fodder needs.
Livestock.
Livestock raising is a minor activity. Demand for beef rose in the 1900s, and farmers often shifted from dairy farming to production of high-quality (and high-cost) beef, such as Kobe beef. Throughout the 1980s, domestic beef production met over 2% of demand. In 1991, as a result of heavy pressure from the United States, Japan ended import quotas on potatoes as well as citrus fruit. Milk cows are numerous in Hokkaido, where 25% of farmers run dairies, but milk cows are also raised in Iwate, in Tōhoku, and near Tōkyō and Kōbe. Beef cattle are mostly concentrated in western Honshū, and on Kyūshū. Hogs, the oldest domesticated animals raised for food, are found everywhere. Pork is the most popular meat.
Most of the imported beef comes from Australia, since beef from the USA and Canada was banned after the first cases of BSE in those countries. Those bans were lifted in 2006.
Forestry.
The nation's forest resources, although abundant, have not been well developed to sustain a large lumber industry. Of the 245,000 km² of forests, 198.000 km² are classified as active forests. Most often forestry is a part-time activity for farmers or small companies. About a third of all forests are owned by the government. Production is highest in Hokkaido and in Aomori, Iwate, Akita, Fukushima, Gifu, Miyazaki, and Kagoshima prefectures. Nearly 33.5 million cubic meters of roundwood were produced in 1986, of which 98% was destined for industrial uses.
Fisheries.
Japan ranked second in the world behind China in tonnage of fish caught—11.9 million tons in 1989, down slightly from 11.1 million metric tons in 1980. After the 1973 energy crisis, deep-sea fishing in Japan declined, with the annual catch in the 1980s averaging 2 million tons. Offshore fisheries accounted for an average of 50% of the nation's total fish catches in the late 1980s although they experienced repeated ups and downs during that period. Coastal fisheries had smaller catches than northern sea fisheries in 1986 and 1987. As a whole, Japan's fish catches registered a slower growth in the late 1980s. By contrast, Japan's import of marine products increased greatly in the 1980s, and was nearly 2 million tons in 1989.
The Japanese fishing industry, both domestic and overseas, has long been centered on the Tsukiji fish market, in Tokyo, which is one of the world's largest wholesale markets for fresh, frozen, and processed seafood.
Japan also has greatly advanced the techniques of aquaculture or sea farming. In this system, artificial insemination and hatching techniques are used to breed fish and shellfish, which are then released into rivers or seas. These fish and shellfish are caught after they grow bigger. Salmon is raised this way.
Japan has more than 2,000 fishing ports, including Nagasaki, in southwest Kyūshū; Otaru, Kushiro, and Abashiri in Hokkaidō. Major fishing ports on the Pacific coast of Honshū include, Hachinohe, Kesennuma, and Ishinomaki along the Sanriku coast, as well as Choshi, Yaizu, Shimizu, and Misaki to the east and south of Tokyo.
Japan is also one of the world's few whaling nations. As a member of the International Whaling Commission, the government pledged that its fleets would restrict their catch to international quotas, but it attracted international opprobrium for its failure to sign an agreement placing a moratorium on catching sperm whales. Currently Japan conducts "research whaling" for minke whales in the oceans surrounding Antarctica.

</doc>
<doc id="2870368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870368" title="Montezuma Castle (hotel)">
Montezuma Castle (hotel)

The Montezuma Castle is a , 400 room Queen Anne-style hotel building erected just northwest of the city of Las Vegas, New Mexico in 1886 (the site was at the time called "Las Vegas Hot Springs," but is now known as "Montezuma"). The current castle is actually the third on the site, the first two (dating to 1881 and 1885) were the first buildings in New Mexico to have electric lighting, and they both burned down.
History as Hotel.
The castle was constructed by the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railroad as a luxury hotel, capitalizing on the natural hot springs on the site. These were widely thought to ease the suffering of people with tuberculosis, "chronic rheumatism, gout, biliary, and renal calculi." The nearby Gallinas Creek also provided excellent trout fishing. Guests included Theodore Roosevelt, Rutherford B. Hayes, Ulysses S. Grant, William Tecumseh Sherman, Jesse James, and Emperor Hirohito of Japan. "The visitors to the Hot Springs represent every part of the continent of America, and nearly every tourist from abroad who crosses the continent by the southerly route stops there for a time."
In addition to the natural recreation available in Montezuma, the hotel provided bowling alleys and billiard rooms. The building was designed and construction was overseen by the Chicago architecture firm Burnham and Root.
It operated as a hotel until October 31, 1903. The building was used as a training center by Jim Flynn when he was preparing for his 1912 boxing match with Jack Johnson (the fight was held in nearby Las Vegas, New Mexico). The complex was briefly owned by the YMCA, then operated as a Baptist college from 1922 until 1931. The Southern Baptist Church sold it to the Catholic Church in 1937, and it was operated as a seminary for Mexican Jesuits until 1972. The building then sat empty for a decade and was subject to significant vandalism and decay. The Jesuits made a little money renting the building out as the set for the low budget horror movie "The Evil" in 1978.
United World College.
In 1981, the castle and the surrounding 100 acres were purchased by industrialist and philanthropist Armand Hammer for use as a United World College. However, the building required extensive repairs before it could be used as a new college facility. Unfortunately, funds were unavailable at the time to make these repairs possible. However, in 1997, it was placed on the list of America's Most Endangered Historic Places by the National Trust for Historic Preservation, along with landmarks like Ellis Island. In 2000 and 2001, the school invested over $10.5 million into restoring the building, and it has won awards as one of the great historical restorations in the United States. It is also the first historic property west of the Mississippi to be designated one of "America's Treasures" by the White House Millennium Council.
Today, the Montezuma Castle, or Davis International Center as it is now known, houses multiple college facilities including the school dining hall, guest and dorm rooms, offices, classrooms, rehearsal spaces, and a student center complete with a store, laundry rooms, pool tables, a dance space, and a kitchen.
The Armand Hammer United World College, also known as UWC-USA, offers student led tours of the building on pre-scheduled dates. A list of these dates can be found on the college's tour page at Link label
[http://www.uwc-usa.org/tours]
http://www.uwc-usa.org/tours
External links.
National Trust for Historical Preservation [http://www.preservationnation.org/travel-and-sites/sites/southwest-region/montezuma-castle.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2870373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870373" title="Phi Aquilae">
Phi Aquilae

Phi Aquilae (φ Aql, φ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation of a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It has an apparent visual magnitude of +5.28 and is visible to the naked eye. With an annual parallax shift of 14.86 mas, this star is located at a distance of approximately from Earth.
Phi Aquilae is a single-lined spectroscopic binary with an orbital period of 3.32068 days. The primary component is a subgiant star with a stellar classification of A1 IV. The outer atmosphere has an effective temperature of 9,509, giving it a white-hued appearance of an A-type star. The orbiting companion may be the source of the X-ray emission from this system, as stars similar to the primary component do not generally produce detectable levels of X-rays.

</doc>
<doc id="2870389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870389" title="Yamagata Bank">
Yamagata Bank

Profile.
As of March 31, 2005:
History.
Yamagata Bank can trace its origins to 1878, when The 81st National Bank was founded. In 1897, this bank was later absorbed by the Ryouu Bank, which was established one year earlier. The bank merged with numerous small financial institutions over the first half of the 20th century, and finally changed its name to its present form in 1965. In October 2005, Yamagata Bank, along with the Saitama Resona Bank, 82 Bank and Hokkoku Bank jointly injected funds into Allegro MicroSystems, an American subsidiary of Sanken Electric Co. Ltd., after Sanken purchased Minnesota-based semiconductor producer PolarFab.

</doc>
<doc id="2870396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870396" title="Hettinger High School">
Hettinger High School

Hettinger High School is a public high school located in Hettinger, North Dakota. It currently serves 118 students and is a part of the Hettinger School District. The athletic teams are known as the "Night Hawks". Current North Dakota Senate Majority Leader Rick Berg is a graduate of the school.

</doc>
<doc id="2870408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870408" title="Calestous Juma">
Calestous Juma

Calestous Juma is an internationally recognized authority in the application of science and technology to sustainable development worldwide. He was named one of the most influential 100 Africans in 2012 and 2013 by the "New African" magazine. He is Professor of the Practice of International Development and Faculty Chair of the Innovation for Economic Development Executive Program at Harvard Kennedy School. Juma is Director of the School's Science, Technology and Globalization Project [http://bcsia.ksg.harvard.edu/global] at Harvard Kennedy School as well as the Agricultural Innovation in Africa Project funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. His latest book, "The New Harvest: Agricultural Innovation in Africa" was published by Oxford University Press in 2011
In recognition of his work, Juma has been elected to the Royal Society of London, the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS), the UK Royal Academy of Engineering, the African Academy of Sciences and the New York Academy of Sciences. In 2012 Juma was named by the "New Africa" magazine [http://www.newafricanmagazine.com/special-reports/other-reports/2012-100-most-influential-africans/science] as one of Africa's most influential 100 people.
Juma grew up on the Kenyan shores of Lake Victoria where he obtained early education. He first worked as an elementary school teacher before becoming Africa's first science and environment journalist at Kenya's Daily Nation newspaper. Juma later joined the Nairobi-based Environment Liaison Centre International (ELCI) as a founder and editor of trilingual quarterly magazine, "Ecoforum". He later received an MSc in Science, Technology and Industrialization and a DPhil in Science and Technology Policy from the Science Policy Research Unit at the University of Sussex. He has written widely on science, technology and sustainable development.
Leadership.
In 1988, Professor Juma founded the African Centre for Technology Studies[http://www.acts.or.ke/] (ACTS), Africa’s first independent policy research institution designed to advance research on technology in development. In 1989 ACTS released a groundbreaking study called "Innovation and Sovereignty" that led to the adoption of the Industrial Property Act in Kenya and the creation of the Kenya Industrial Property Office.
Policy research.
His continuing original work focuses on analyzing the dynamics of evolutionary technological change and applying the results in advancing science and technology policy research; providing high-level science and technology advice; and promoting biodiversity conservation.
Technological innovation.
Juma has made significant contributions to understanding the dynamic role of technological innovation in economic transformation in developing countries. He developed the concept of “evolutionary technological change” to explain how socio-economic environments shape the adoption and diffusion of new technologies. This approach was elaborated in his early works such as "Long-Run Economics: An Evolutionary Approach to Economic Growth" (Pinter, 1987) and "The Gene Hunters: Biotechnology and the Scramble for Seeds" (Princeton University Press and Zed Books, 1989) and remains central to theoretical and practical work. Juma’s contributions to science and technology policy have focused on the role of technological innovation in sustainable development.
Biotechnology.
He has established himself as a world leader in policy research on biotechnology and directed the International Diffusion of Biotechnology Programme of the International Federation of Institutes of Advanced Studies. He continues to provide international leadership in research, training and outreach through Harvard University’s Kennedy School of Government. He is also advancing scholarship in this field as editor of the peer-reviewed "International Journal of Technology and Globalisation"and the "International Journal of Biotechnology".[http://www.inderscience.com/browse/index.php?journalID=4&year=2006&vol=8&issue=1/2
Biological diversity.
Juma has contributed to biodiversity conservation in two ways. First, he has helped to shape global conservation programmes during his tenure as the first permanent Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity in Geneva and Montreal. Second, his research has inspired the field of biodiplomacy[http://www.ias.unu.edu/research/biodiplomacy.cfm] that focuses on interactions between biosciences and international relations.
Property rights.
Juma’s research has helped to improve understanding on the role of property rights in conservation under the rubric of “ecological jurisprudence” as outlined in the volume, "In Land We Trust" (Zed, 1996). His work guided international negotiations on the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) as documented in "Biodiplomacy" (ACTS, 1994). He later became Executive Secretary of the CBD where he advanced the use of scientific knowledge in conservation policy and practice.
Teaching.
Juma teaches graduate courses on the role of science, technology, and innovation in development policy.The first course focuses on the role of technological innovation in economic growth with emphasis on emerging regions of the world.[http://ksgaccman.harvard.edu/courses/course.aspx?number=PED-153 The second course examines the policy implications of the introduction of new biotechnology products in the global economy (covering health, agriculture, industry and environment).He also teaches an executive course for senior policy makers and practitioners.The Innovation [http://ksgexecprogram.harvard.edu/Programs/ifed/overview.aspx Innovation for Economic Development executive program runs annually to provide high-level leaders from government, academia, industry, and civil society with an opportunity to learn how to integrate science and technology into a national development policy.[http://ksgexecprogram.harvard.edu/program/sti/overview.aspx]
Policy advice.
Juma continues to provide high-level policy advice to governments, the United Nations and other international organizations on science, technology, and innovation. He chairs the Global Challenges and Biotechnology of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and serves as co-chair of the African High-Level Panel on Modern Biotechnology [http://www.nepadst.org/biopanel/index.shtml] of the African Union (AU) and the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
Juma led international experts in outlining ways to apply science and technology to the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals arising from the 2000 UN Millennium Summit. "Innovation: Applying Knowledge in Development"[http://www.ksg.harvard.edu/virtualbooktour/juma_05.htm] (Earthscan, 2005), the report of the Task Force on Science, Technology and Innovation of the UN Millennium Project, was released in early 2005 and its recommendations have been adopted by development agencies and governments around the world. The report has become a standard reference against which governments assess their policies and programmes on the role of technological innovation in development.
In a successor study called "Going for Growth"Professor Juma proposes that international development policy should be directed at building technical competence in developing countries rather than conventional relief activities. He argues that institutions of higher learning, especially universities, should be have a direct role in helping to solve development challenges.[http://www.scidev.net/content/opinions/eng/we-need-to-reinvent-the-african-university.cfm
In 2012 Juma was appointed by the African Union to chair its High-Level Panel on Science, Technology and Innovation. The report of the panel will be submitted to the AU in early 2014.
Honors and awards.
2013 Doctor of Science (Honorary), McGill University, Montreal, Canada
2012 50th Anniversary Fellow, University of Sussex, UK
2012 Doctor of Science (Honorary), Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology, Nairobi, Kenya (for work on agricultural biotechnology).
2007 Doctor of Science (Honorary), University of Education, Winneba, Ghana (“illustrious and inspiring role as an internationally-recognized authority and leader in the application of science and technology to sustainable development in both developing and developed countries").
2006 Doctor of Science (Honorary), University of Sussex, UK (for his work on the applications of science and technology in developing and developed countries).
2006 Order of the Elder of the Burning Spear, President of the Republic of Kenya (for being a respected international diplomat who has assisted governments to solve diplomatic problems).
2001 Henry Shaw Medal, Missouri Botanical Garden (for significant contribution to botanical research, horticulture, conservation or the museum community).
1993 Global 500 Roll of Honour for Environmental Achievement, United Nations Environment Programme (for important contributions made to Africa’s quest for solutions to the complex issues of biotechnology, biodiversity and the transfer of technology).
1992 Justinian Rweyemamu Prize, Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) (for broadening Africa’s knowledge base for development).
1991 Pew Scholars Award in Conservation and the Environment, Pew Charitable Trusts (for dedication in preserving global biodiversity).
Editorial boards of refereed journals.
Editor, International Journal of Technology and Globalization (2003- )
[http://www.inderscience.com/jhome.php?jcode=IJTG]
Editor, International Journal of Biotechnology (1999- )
[http://www.inderscience.com/jhome.php?jcode=IJBT]
Member, Research Policy (2006- )
[http://www.journals.elsevier.com/research-policy/]
Member, Technovation (2006- )
[http://www.journals.elsevier.com/technovation/]
Associate Editor, International Journal of Technology Transfer and Commercialisation (1999- )
[http://www.inderscience.com/jhome.php?jcode=ijttc]
Member, International Journal of Technology Management and Sustainable Development (2002- )
[http://www.intellectbooks.co.uk/journals/view-Journal,id=133/]
Member, International Journal of Global Environmental Issues (2000- )
[http://www.inderscience.com/jhome.php?jcode=ijgenvi]
Member, International Environmental Agreements (2001-2003)
[http://www.springer.com/law/environmental/journal/10784]
Member, Science and Public Policy (1989- )
[http://spp.oxfordjournals.org/]
Member, Africa (1987–1998)
Special assignments.
African Union (2012- )
Co-chair, High-Level Panel on Science, Technology and Innovation.
United Nations Development Programme (2011-2012)
Member of the advisory group of the Africa Human Development Report, 2012: Towards a Food-Secure Future.
[http://www.undp.org/content/undp/en/home/librarypage/hdr/africa-human-development-report-2012/]
World Bank (2008-2009)
Served as advisor and made substantial contributions on technological innovation to the preparation of the World Bank’s World Development Report, 2010: Development and Climate Change.
[http://go.worldbank.org/UVZ0HYFGG0]
Africa Schools of Kenya (2009)
Narrated Maasai: At the Crossroads, a documentary about enriching the lives of Maasai children through education while respecting their customs, traditions, and way of life.
[http://www.traileraddict.com/trailer/maasai-at-the-crossroads/trailer]
International Whaling Commission (2007-2008)
Served as Special Advisor to the International Whaling Commission by helping to find solutions to the whaling controversy and inspiring the international community to solve other major global environmental challenges.
[http://belfercenter.hks.harvard.edu/publication/18285/future_of_the_international_whaling_commission.html]
African Union and New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) (2005-2008)
Co-chair, High-Level African Panel on Modern Biotechnology, created to provide high-level strategic advice on the role of biotechnology in economic development to African presidents.
[http://belfercenter.ksg.harvard.edu/publication/17382/freedom_to_innovate.html]
Office of the President, Kenya (2004-2006)
Member, National Economic and Social Council (NESC). The council provides high-level advice to the President of the Republic of Kenya.
United Nations Development Programme (2001-2006)
Co-chair of the Task Force on Science, Technology and Innovation of the United Nations Millennium Project commissioned by the United Nations Secretary-General.
[http://belfercenter.ksg.harvard.edu/publication/2098/innovation.html]
United Nations Development Programme (2001)
Served as Principal Consultant for the United Nations Development Programme’s Human Development Report 2001 on “Making New Technologies Work for Human Development” and contributed written material for two of the chapters.
Government of Finland (1999)
Chaired an International Mid-Term Review Panel for the Finnish Biodiversity Research Programme (FIBRE) under the auspices of the Academy of Finland.
United States Agency for International Development (1995)
Assisted the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in determining options for supporting natural resource management activities in Kenya.
United Nations Environment Programme (1994)
Served as a member of the Global Environment Facility (GEF) Transition Planning Team for UNEP. The task involved working with senior professionals in developing an implementation strategy and work Program for realizing UNEP’s mandate in the Facility.
Centre for Our Common Future (1991–92)
Prepared background documents used for reconvening the World Commission on Environment and Development (WCED) chaired by Gro Harlem Brundtland. The Commission delivered a statement at the 1992 United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Government of Kenya (1991)
Assisted the Government of Kenya in preparing draft revisions of the Non-Governmental Organisations Coordination Act as well as draft regulations for the implementation of the Act.
Government of Kenya (1989)
Prepared policy papers and drafted the Industrial Property Bill for the Kenya Government. The Parliament of Kenya adopted the Bill in 1989 and the Kenya Industrial Property Office (KIPO) was established in early 1990.
The Economist Intelligence Unit, London (1986)
Preparation of the quarterly reports of the Economist Intelligence Unit on Kenya.
Boards and committees.
The Aga Khan University Board (2013- )
The Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering Jury (2012–13)
Rolex Awards for Enterprise Jury (2011–12)
London International Development Centre Board (2010–13)
WWF International Board (2009-2012)
Committee on Grand Challenges in International Development, U.S. National Academy of Sciences (2011–13)
Science, Technology and Society Forum, Japan, International Advisory Council (2008–11)
Steering Committee of the Roundtable for Technology, Science, and Peacebuilding, U.S. National Academy of Engineering and U.S. Institute for Peace (2011- )
Strengthening America’s Future Initiative, Center for the Study of the Presidency and Congress, USA, Committee Member (2008–09)
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Committee on Geographical Sciences, Member (2007–09)
World Economic Forum’s Technology Pioneers Selection Committee (2007- )
One Laptop per Child Foundation Board (2007–12)
National Science and Technology Development Agency, Thailand, International Advisory Council (2007–09)
Encyclopedia of Life, USA, Board (2007-2010)
John Sloan Dickey Center for Human Understanding, Dartmouth College, Board (2006-2008)
EARTH University, Costa Rica, Board (2006-2008)
National Economic and Social Council, Kenya, Member (2004-2006)
U.S. National Academy of Engineering, Committee on Grand Challenges for engineering (2006-2008)
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Committee on Lost Crops of Africa: Fruits and Vegetables (2003-2008)
Public Library of Science, San Francisco, Board (2003-2006)
Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School, Board (2002- )
MacArthur Foundation, Research and Writing Selection Committee (2002-2003)
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Roundtable on Science and Technology for Sustainability, Member (2002-2008)
Committee on African Studies, Harvard University, Member (2001- )
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Committee for the Survey and Analysis of Science Advice on Sustainable Development to International Organizations (2001-2002).
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Committee on Geographical Foundations of Agenda 21 (2001-2002)
Canadian Program on Genomics and Global Health, University of Toronto, Advisory Board, (2001–present)
Center for Health and the Environment, Harvard Medical School, Advisory Board (2000-2002)
Board on Agriculture and Natural Resources, National Research Council (2000-2003)
U.S. National Academy of Sciences, Standing Committee on Agricultural Biotechnology, Health and the Environment, (2000-2006)
Millennium Ecosystem Assessment, Steering Committee (1998-2001)
United Nations Environment Programme, High-Level Advisory Panel on Biodiversity to the Executive Director (1994-1995)
Manor House Agricultural Center, Kenya, Board (1994-1995).
Gulbenkian Commission on the Restructuring of the Social Sciences, Lisbon, Member (1994-1995).
Green Globe Yearbook, Fridtjof Nansen Institute, Norway, Advisory Panel (1994-1997).
World Resources Institute, Washington, D.C., Board (1993-2002).
Center for International Environmental Law, Washington, D.C., Board of Advisors (1994–2000).
International Development Research Centre (IDRC) and the Swedish Agency for Research Cooperation with Developing Countries (SAREC), 
International Consultative Group on Sustainable Development (1993–1995).
Global Environment Facility’s Scientific and Technical Panel (STAP), Roster of Experts on Biodiversity (1993-1995).
Kenya National Council for Science and Technology, Specialist Committee on Industrial Sciences (1994–1995).
World Resources Institute, Washington, D.C., Council Member (1992-1994).
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, Geneva, Steering Group of the Technical Assistance Project on the International Trade Programmes (1992-1994).
United Nations Conference on Environment and Development Secretariat, Geneva, Working Party on Biological Diversity (1990-1992).
United Nations Conference on Environment and Development Secretariat, Geneva, Working Party on Environmentally-sound Technologies (1990-1992).
United Nations University’s Institute for New Technologies, Maastricht, The Netherlands, Board (1991-1992).
Biodiversity Conservation Strategy Programme, Washington, D.C., International Coordinating Group (1991-1993).
Biofuture Foundation, Stockholm, Sweden, Board (1990-1992).
Initiatives Limited, Kenya, Board (1988-1999).
Keystone Center, Colorado, USA, International Steering Committee on the International Dialogue Series on Biological Diversity and Genetic Resources (1987-1989).
Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs, University of Minnesota, USA, International Committee on Rethinking International Governance (1987-1992).

</doc>
<doc id="2870411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870411" title="Omega Aquilae">
Omega Aquilae

The Bayer designation Omega Aquilae (ω Aql / ω Aquilae) is shared by two stars in the constellation Aquila:
They are separated by 0.51° on the sky.

</doc>
<doc id="2870416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870416" title="Bill Timoney">
Bill Timoney

Bill Timoney, (born William Regan Timoney on March 5, 1958 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American actor. He is the brother of actor Mike Timoney and son of Mary Gardiner, of The Big Surprise fame. He is married to fellow actress Georgette Reilly.
Career overview.
Perhaps the best known of Timoney's roles on television is as the character of Alfred Vanderpool on "All My Children." The musical team Boyz II Men drew inspiration from Timoney's Vanderpool, and Nathan Morris, one of its tenors, used the stage name "Alex Vanderpool" in the character's honor early in the team's career.
He is also a well-known voice actor, providing voices for animation and video games. He also directs and adapts Japanese anime at Headline Studios. 
Theatre work.
In April 2010, Timoney made his off-Broadway theater debut at the Soho Playhouse as a standby for the actor Dan Butler in the role of Joseph Flaherty in "The Irish Curse," dramatized by Martin Casella. Timoney replaced Butler for a few performances and was very favorably reviewed. In August 2010, he again received excellent notices for his portrayal as Bob in the Stephen Padilla drama, "Picking Palin," for the New York International Fringe Festival. In December 2010, Timoney and his wife, Georgette Reilly Timoney, appeared at the Arkansas Repertory Theatre in Little Rock, Arkansas in a stage adaptation of "A Christmas Story." 
Timoney served as associate producer, cast member and fight coordinator for the independent feature film "Last Chance", the directing debut of Emmy Award-winning actor "Bryan Cranston" ("Breaking Bad").
In early 2014, Timoney made his Broadway debut portraying three roles ("Karl Mundt" ; a White House aide ; and a butler) in a dramatic play written by "Robert Schenkkan" entitled "All The Way" starring Bryan Cranston as "Lyndon B. Johnson". The play opened on March 6, 2014 at The Neil Simon Theatre in Manhattan. It received very favorable reviews. It received four "Outer Critics Circle" nominations for Outstanding New Broadway Play; Outstanding Director Of A Play ("Bill Rauch"); Outstanding Actor In A Play (Bryan Cranston); and Outstanding Featured Actor In A Play ("John McMartin"). All The Way won two 2014 "Tony Awards" for Best Play (Robert Schenkkan) and Best Actor In A Play (Bryan Cranston).

</doc>
<doc id="2870417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870417" title="Mons Penck">
Mons Penck

Mons Penck is a mountain promontory on the near side of the Moon. It lies just to the northeast of the crater Kant, to the north of Ibn-Rushd and the Rupes Altai scarp. Southeast of Mons Penck are the prominent craters Theophilus and Cyrillus.
The selenographic coordinates of this peak are 10.0° S, 21.6° E. It has a diameter of about 30 km at the base and climbs to an altitude of 4 km (13,000 feet). It was named after Albrecht Penck (1858–1945), a German geographer and geologist.

</doc>
<doc id="2870421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870421" title="Principal Private Secretary">
Principal Private Secretary

In the British Civil Service and Australian Public Service the Principal Private Secretary is the civil servant who runs a cabinet minister's private office. The role can be a political appointment or a civil service position. 
In popular culture.
A classic explanation is provided in the British sitcom "Yes Minister".

</doc>
<doc id="2870422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870422" title="Geoffrey John Kirkby">
Geoffrey John Kirkby

Captain Geoffrey John Kirkby CBE, DSC & Two Bars (26 August 1918 – 24 October 1998) was an officer in the Royal Navy during the Second World War, serving mainly at sea in small ships.
Early life.
Kirkby was born on 26 August 1918. He was educated at Taunton School, an independent school in Taunton, Somerset.
Military service.
First DSC (June 1940).
Aged 21, Kirkby was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC) for boarding the sinking Italian Navy submarine "Torricelli" and capturing the vessel's signal books. Kirkby was serving on board HMS "Kingston" at the time.
Second DSC (March 1942).
Kirkby, while still serving on board "Kingston", took part in the Second Battle of Sirte, where Rear-Admiral Vian defended a Malta convoy against a far superior Italian force.
"Kingston" took part in a torpedo raid, for which the ship had to close within three miles of the Italian heavy units, and which led to the award of Kirkby's second DSC.
Third DSC (August 1944).
Kirkby was now on board which, for the Normandy landings, acted as a marker for US Forces landing at Omaha Beach.
The action which led to the award of his third DSC came in a series of fierce actions spread over four nights which frustrated the German efforts to evacuate Le Havre in August 1944.
Kirkby was also Mentioned in Despatches in November 1944.
Post war.
One of his post war appointments was as captain of HMS "Diana" between 1961 and 1962. He developed the reputation as an inspirational leader and an outstanding ship handler.
Personal life.
Kirkby received a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1968.
One of his two daughters is Dame Emma Kirkby, a soprano singer.

</doc>
<doc id="2870426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870426" title="Gary White (football)">
Gary White (football)

Gary John White (born 1974) is an English International football manager who is currently the head coach and technical director of the Guam Football Association. He has been hand selected as one of 16 coaches to be on a two-year elite coaching development license programme (The FA Level 5 Pro License) above the UEFA A license run by the FA in an attempt to boost the number of English Premier League coaches beyond the current amount of five.
White is the former technical director of Washington Youth Soccer and the Seattle Sounders FC elite player development program. He was previously head coach of the national teams of the British Virgin Islands and Bahamas. He also served on both the coaching staff of the United States men's national team and the US Soccer player development task force. White signed a three-year endorsement contract with Lacoste in May 2012 and was named the company's Asian Pacific ambassador. White serves as a member of the EAFF technical study group (TSG) for FIFA international competitions with his most recent inclusion to analyze the 2013 East Asian Football Championships that include the men's national teams of Australia, Japan, China & South Korea.
Early life.
White was born in Southampton, England, and had a successful youth playing career and was selected for both the Southampton City and Hampshire County representative teams and was a future prospect for the Southampton Football Club.
Playing career.
White signed for Fremantle City Soccer Club in the Western Australia State League in 1994, where he played two seasons for the club. Prior to signing for the Australian professional outfit, White played for Bognor Regis Town.
Managerial career.
British Virgin Islands.
White was the national technical director and national team head coach for the British Virgin Islands, where he had success during the 2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup qualification which resulted in the national team shooting up the FIFA World Rankings at 28 places. White is still one of the youngest ever national team coach when he took his role at 24, and was also one of the youngest ever coaches to compete in a FIFA World Cup qualification at 25.
Bahamas.
White signed with the Bahamas in September 1999. Where he was National Team Coach and Technical Director. During his tenure with the Bahamas White moved the national team 55 places up the FIFA world ranking. Also as technical director White directed and oversaw all National Team Programs and National Staff Coaches in preparation for all FIFA and CONCACAF Competitions, including coaching education for the National coaches. White also designed and implemented a National Coaching Philosophy as part of the International teams and player development Strategy.
White coached and managed 65+ FIFA Certified International Matches and also during his time as manager the Bahamas was FIFA's highest mover in 2006.
In 2009 he left for the Seattle Sounders elite player development program.
Washington State Soccer and Seattle Sounders FC (EPD) Technical Director.
During his time in Seattle White lead the daily technical operations for the Sounders FC Elite Player Development Program and Washington States coaching education initiatives. During White's time in Seattle the Washington State / Sounders FC Elite Player Development Program became a powerhouse in the Nation on and off the field and lead the country with there modern player & coaching development initiatives, which in the end forced US Youth Soccers ODP (Olympic Development Program) to modernize and become more elite. During White's tenure the Washington State / Sounders FC EPD program won eight (8) US Youth soccer championships in two (2) years, these were the first championships that Washington had won in over 15 barren years and made the program California South's biggest rival in the country. White was named to the US Soccer task force for National player development along with such names as Mia Hamm and Claudio Reyna.
Guam.
On 1 February 2012, White was appointed as head coach of Guam and also serves as the federations technical director.
Guam finished third during the 2014 AFC Challenge Cup qualification and they completed their group play with a resounding 3-0 victory over Chinese Taipei for the first time in history. During November 2013's FIFA International games schedule Guam beat Cambodia 2-0 and tied with Laos 1-1. Both these International fixtures were played away at the opponents home National stadiums. The 'Matao' are now unbeaten in three official FIFA international games and now sit at 161 on the official FIFA world football rankings. Since White took over in February 2012 Guam has moved up from 195th to their current FIFA ranking which is their highest placement to date.
Due to the success of the Matao FIFA Futbol Mundial (April 2013 episode #137) and various other world media have featured White and the progress of the Guam national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="2870428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870428" title="Stefano Magaddino">
Stefano Magaddino

Stefano "The Undertaker" Magaddino (October 10, 1891 – July 19, 1974) was a Sicilian mafioso who became the boss of the Buffalo crime family in western New York. His underworld influence stretched from Ohio to Southern Ontario and as far east as Montreal, Quebec. Known as "Don Stefano" to his friends and "The Undertaker" to others, he was also a charter member of the American Mafia's ruling council, otherwise known as The Commission.
Early years.
Born in Castellammare del Golfo, Sicily, Magaddino and his family emigrated to the United States in 1902 and settled in Brooklyn, New York. One of Magadinno's cousins from Sicily was Joseph Bonanno, the future boss of the Bonanno crime family in New York City, the family Magaddino would leave behind.
In 1921, in Avon, New Jersey, Magaddino was arrested for his involvement in the murder of Pietro "Don Petrino" Caiozzo, a member of the rival Buccellato clan from Castellammare del Golfo. In 1924, Magaddino became a naturalized U.S. citizen.
Buffalo crime family.
Magaddino eventually moved to Niagara Falls, New York, then in later years further north to Lewiston, another town on the Niagara River facing the Canadian border. Although he was a successful mortician operating his legitimate Magaddino Memorial Chapel funeral home business in Niagara Falls, with Prohibition in effect in the United States, Maggadino made his real money running a profitable bootlegging business by smuggling wine and spirits across the Niagara River into New York State, thereby supplying the needs of speakeasies located in Buffalo and the very "Honky-tonk" Niagara Falls. After Prohibition ended, Magaddino and his crime family made their money by means of loan sharking, illegal gambling, extortion, carjacking and labor racketeering as well as other legitimate lucrative businesses such as linen service businesses that served the needs of most of the hotels located throughout the region as well as taxicab companies and other service oriented businesses.
Magaddino's crime family held power in the underworld territories of Upstate and Western New York, namely, Buffalo, New York, bordering Canada and situated on Lake Erie, Rochester and Utica, along the Mohawk River as far east as Amsterdam, New York; from Eastern Pennsylvania as far west as Youngstown, Ohio, and in Canada from Fort Erie (opposite Buffalo, NY) to Toronto, Ontario and as far east as Montreal, Quebec. Magaddino led his Buffalo family through its glory years and its most powerful and profitable era in La Cosa Nostra. He was an old-style boss who preferred to stay in the background and not draw any attention to himself or his criminal activities if possible. Due to his territory's remoteness yet the vast amount of it he controlled and being geographically insulated from the inter-family squabbles of the New York City-based families, he was held in high regard and was at times called upon to be an arbiter involving territorial disputes between crime families based there.
National crime figure.
For fifty years, Magaddino was a dominant presence in the Buffalo underworld. He was the longest tenured boss in the history of the American Mafia. Magaddino was also very involved in national La Cosa Nostra affairs. Magaddino was a charter member of Charles "Lucky" Luciano's Mafia Commission and attended important underworld summits such as the 1946 Havana Conference and the 1957 Apalachin Conference.
Although fairly popular, Magaddino had his share of enemies and survived several assassination attempts. In 1936, rival gangsters attempted to kill Magaddino with a bomb, killing his sister instead. In 1958, an assassin tossed a hand grenade through his kitchen window, which failed to explode. This second attempt on his life was said to be directed by mobsters who blamed Magaddino for the failed Apalachin Meeting, which was raided by New York State Police.
Arrest and fall.
Magaddino had never spent any significant time in prison, but in 1968, he and his son Peter were arrested and charged with interstate bookmaking. A raid on his son's home in Niagara Falls led to the discovery of approximately $473,134 in a suitcase. This created great animosity between the Buffalo family members and the Magaddinos, and led to a breakdown of their cooperation concerning criminal activities. The Buffalo family split into dissident factions; the leaders met in Rochester at the end of 1968, and by early 1969 ousted Magaddino as boss, leaving him to lead a faction made up of his once powerful in-laws and older crime family members, from 1969 until he died several years later.
Stefano Magaddino died of a heart attack on July 19, 1974 at age 82 at Mount St Mary's Hospital in Lewiston, New York. His funeral mass was celebrated at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic church and he was buried in St. Joseph's Cemetery on Pine Avenue in Niagara Falls.
Legacy.
"Mob Boss", written by Mike Hudson, is a book about Magaddino's life as a mob boss. Magaddino is also mentioned in "Niagara Falls Confidential", also written by Mike Hudson. He also gets a passing mention in "The Valachi Papers" by Peter Maas.

</doc>
<doc id="2870429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870429" title="Calima">
Calima

Calima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870439" title="Anastasy Vonsyatsky">
Anastasy Vonsyatsky

Anastasy Andreyevich Vonsyatsky (, ; June 12, 1898 – February 5, 1965), better known in the United States as Anastase Andreivitch Vonsiatsky, was a Russian anti-Bolshevik émigré and fascist leader based in the United States since the 1920s.
A naturalized American citizen while leading a splinter far-right organization, the Russian National Revolutionary Labor and Workers Peasant Party of Fascists. The headquarters RFO based on Putnam, Connecticut. Vonsyatsky was charged with the support of secret contacts with agents of Nazi Germany's and arrested by the FBI in 1942, following the United States' entry into war with Germany and Japan.
Released early from prison in 1946, Vonsyatsky lived out the remainder of his life in the United States. He died in St. Petersburg, Florida, in 1965.
Biography.
Early life in Russia.
Anastasy Andreyevich Vonsyatsky was born in Warsaw, Poland (then part of the Russian Empire) to a privileged Polish family known for its long devotion to the Russian czars; one of Vonsyatsky's great-grandparents had been handed a titled estate from the Romanovs.
Embarking on a military career in the Imperial Russian Army during the reign of Nicholas II, Anastasy Vonsyatsky proceeded in the footsteps of his father, a professional army officer assassinated at a Radom office of the imperial gendarmerie by a Polish revolutionary in 1910.
Activity after 1917.
After the revolutionary events of October 1917, which brought the Leninist Bolsheviks to power and climaxed in the protracted Russian Civil War of 1917-1923, Vonsyatsky, newly admitted to St. Petersburg as a military cadet, took part in the anti-Bolshevik opposition and served in the counter-revolutionary White movement, first seeing action against the Red Army at Rostov. Leaving the White Army's stronghold in the Crimean Peninsula with the departing forces of General Wrangel, he was evacuated to western Europe in 1920. Traveling through Constantinople and France, Vonsyatsky arrived in the United States in 1922, having married a wealthy American woman he had met in Paris (Marion B. Ream).
Vonsyatsky became a naturalized citizen of the United States in the Superior Court of Windham County, Putnam, Connecticut, on September 30, 1927. In March 1930, Vonsyatsky was given an American reserve officer's commission and appointed a first lieutenant of the United States Army Reserve; the military commission would eventually expire in 1935.
Fascist activities.
Forming political connections within the émigré circles after establishing himself outside Russia, Vonsyatsky was, at one point in the interwar period, a leader of the Russian Fascist Organization, an initially independent movement that later became closely associated with the Manchuria-based Russian Fascist Party (RFP). In 1933, Vonsyatsky split from the RFP and founded the Russian National Revolutionary Labor and Workers Peasant Party of Fascists (also referred to as the All Russian National Revolutionary Party), another anti-Soviet and anti-communist organization. The group's headquarters were established at the Vonsyatsky estate in Thompson, Connecticut.
He became a subject of FBI investigation and was indicted in 1942 for connections with proxies for German interests, including key participants in the pro-Nazi German-American Bund, whose leader, Fritz Kuhn, had previously been assisted by Vonsyatsky's bail money in 1939. Among other reputed contacts made with pro-Axis agents, the FBI noted a 1941 trip to San Francisco, California, allegedly to contact a Madam Takita, an alleged Japanese agent, who was to arrive aboard the ship "Tatuta Maru"; evidence confirming some relation to the American Hitler admirer and anti-semite William Dudley Pelley was also found. Indicted for conspiring to assist Hitler's Germany in violation of the Espionage Act alongside fellow conspirators Wilhelm Kunze, Dr. Otto Willumeit, Dr. Wolfgang Ebell, and Reverend Kurt E. B. Molzahn, Vonsyatsky submitted a guilty plea after first protestations of innocence, and was convicted in Hartford, Connecticut on June 22, 1942. Despite the official prison sentence of five years and a fine of $5000, he was released on February 26, 1946, his sentence effectively having been cut short to the three and a half years in prison already served.
Death.
Vonsyatsky died on February 5, 1965, in St. Petersburg, Florida at Mound Park Hospital, at 66. His body was interred at West Thompson Cemetery in Thompson, Connecticut ().
Many of the documents Vonsyatsky stored in the archives of the Hoover Institution in California, in the collection of Professor John Stephan, author of "The Russian Fascists: Tragedy and Farce in Exile, 1925-1945" and Providence College, Phillips Memorial Library.
Political statements.
Despite earlier publications supplemented by photographs of German soldiers beneath such titles as "The Army of the Holy Swastika" and continuing collaboration with the German-American Bund elements during World War II, in public appeals amid the growing anti-German sentiment of the early 1940s, Vonsyatsky's addresses to his target audience struck a different tone. Among other statements, Vonsyatsky wrote:
"Fascisms are different. The German, Italian, and Russian Fascisms are different in many respects. The Russian Fascist Party is just a united movement of Russians against Communism, and Fascism is the only political society on the earth at the present time that can wipe out Communism. Force is the only thing that can knock it down."
In summer 1940, Vonsyatsky's publications declared the following:
"The Russian National Revolutionary Party, of which I am the leader, does not support either Germany's or Japan's ambition for hegemony in Europe or the Far East.
"The Germans and the Japanese have never made clear their attitude toward a replacement of the present Stalinist rule by a Russian National Government.
"The sole aim of our organization is to return Russia to a free people with a government elected by the people, of the people and for the people.
"Our intention is to form in Russia a truly DEMOCRATIC government.
"Our Party is not anti-Semitic.
"Our Party has no membership dues; it is financed solely by voluntary contributions from its members and sympathizers. It is not subsidized by any FOREIGN POWER or foreign individuals.
"Our organization is BANNED in Germany and Japan.
"Only in the United States can we enjoy freedom of action and thought within the laws of the country.
"I HEREWITH STATE EMPHATICALLY THAT THE ACTIVITIES OF OUR ORGANIZATION ARE AGAINST THE PRESENT SOVIET GOVERNMENT ALONE AND THAT IN NO WAY WHATSOEVER DOES IT ACT AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES OR VIOLATE ITS LAWS WHICH WE LOYALLY SUPPORT.
"ANASTASE A. VONSIATSKY
"Thompson, Conn.
"July 4, 1940"

</doc>
<doc id="2870440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870440" title="Tau Aquilae">
Tau Aquilae

Tau Aquilae (τ Aql, τ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. The apparent visual magnitude of 5.7 indicates it is a faint star that is visible to the naked eye from suburban skies; at least according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale. The annual orbital motion of the Earth causes a parallax shift of 7.06 mas, which means the distance to this star is approximately . The magnitude of the star is diminished by 0.28 from extinction caused by interstellar gas and dust.
The spectrum of Tau Aquilae matches a stellar classification of K0 III, with the luminosity class of III suggesting this is an evolved giant star that has exhausted the supply of hydrogen at its core and left the main sequence of stars like the Sun. The measured angular diameter of this star is . At the estimated distance of this system, this yields a physical size of about 16.5 times the radius of the Sun. The outer envelope is radiating energy into space with an effective temperature of 4,660 K, giving it the orange hued glow of a K-type star.
References.
\end{align}</math></ref>

</doc>
<doc id="2870451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870451" title="Declaration of the Rights of the Child">
Declaration of the Rights of the Child

The Declaration of the Rights of the Child is the name given to a series of related children's rights proclamations drafted by Save the Children founder Eglantyne Jebb in 1923. 
Jebb believed that the rights of a child should be especially protected and enforced, thus drafting the first stipulations for child's rights. 
Jebb's initial 1923 document consisted of the following criteria:
These ideas were adopted by the International Save the Children Union, in Geneva, on 23 February 1923 and endorsed by the League of Nations General Assembly on 26 November 1924 as the World Child Welfare Charter. However, these proclamations were not enforceable by international law, but rather only guidelines for countries to follow 
The original document, in the archives of the city of Geneva, carries the signatures of various international delegates, including Jebb, Janusz Korczak, and Gustave Ador, a former President of the Swiss Confederation.
The SCIU merged into the International Union of Child Welfare by 1946, and this group pressed the newly formed United Nations to continue to work for war-scarred children and for adoption of the World Child Welfare Charter. 
On 20 November 1959 the United Nations General Assembly adopted a much expanded version as its own Declaration of the Rights of the Child, adding ten principles in place of the original five. This date has been adopted as the Universal Children's Day.
In 1989, the Convention on the Rights of the Child was adopted by UN General Assembly. On September 2, 1990 it became international law with one notable exception: the US signed the Charter but has not ratified it. The Convention consists of 54 articles that address the basic human rights to children everywhere are entitled: 
The four core principles of the Convention are non-discrimination; devotion to the best interests of the child; the right to life, survival and development; and respect for the views of the child. 
Under the Convention, a child is defined as "... every human being below the age of eighteen years unless, under the law applicable to the child, majority is attained earlier."

</doc>
<doc id="2870456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870456" title="Upsilon Aquilae">
Upsilon Aquilae

Upsilon Aquilae (υ Aql, υ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. With an apparent visual magnitude of +5.91 it is a faint star but visible to the naked eye from suburban skies. It has an annual parallax shift of 18.65 milliarcsecond, indicating a distance of around .
Upsilon Aquilae is a subgiant star with a stellar classification of A3 IV. The outer atmosphere is radiating energy into space at an effective temperature of 7,906 K, which gives it the white-hot glow of an A-type star. It is spinning relatively quickly with a projected rotational velocity of 42 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="2870462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870462" title="Craven Arms railway station">
Craven Arms railway station

Craven Arms railway station serves the small town of Craven Arms in Shropshire, England. Until 1974 it was known as "Craven Arms and Stokesay", named after the nearby coaching inn (the town having not come into being prior to the arrival of the railways) and the historic settlement of Stokesay to the south. It is situated at the junction of the Welsh Marches Line and the Heart of Wales Line, south of Shrewsbury. All passenger trains calling at the station are operated by Arriva Trains Wales, who also manage it.
The station has two platforms, connected by a footbridge. Platform 1, on the west side, serves northbound trains to Shrewsbury and beyond as well as trains both to and from Swansea via the Heart of Wales Line. Platform 2, on the town side of the station, serves southbound trains to Hereford and Cardiff.
Between 1865 and 1935, Craven Arms was the junction terminus of the Bishop's Castle Railway. There was also a junction serving the line that went to Wellington via Much Wenlock. Adjacent to the station once stood the now demolished carriage sheds. There continues to be a signal box at Craven Arms, to the north of the station by the level crossing.
History.
The Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway company was the first to serve the town, arriving from the north in 1852 and completing its route through to Hereford the following year. The Knighton Railway constructed the first of the three branches from the main line between 1858 and 1861. The second branch was that of the Bishops Castle Railway which arrived in 1865 via a junction with the main line about 1 km to the north, whilst the route from Much Wenlock was completed by the Wenlock, Craven Arms and Lightmoor Extension railway in 1867 (joining the main line a few miles north of the town at Marsh Farm Junction). The LNWR and Great Western Railway jointly leased the main line in 1862, whilst the modest Knighton branch would eventually be extended right though to Swansea by the LNWR over the course of the next decade. The Bishop's Castle branch, which spent its entire existence in receivership closed in 1935. The Much Wenlock line by contrast would remain little altered throughout its life, although the GWR did take control of it soon after opening; its passenger trains ceased in 1951.
Services.
Mondays to Saturdays trains from Carmarthen to Manchester Piccadilly (via Cardiff Central, Hereford, Shrewsbury, and Crewe) call at the station hourly in both directions. On Sundays the frequency is approximately two-hourly and there are no departures before noon. 
There are four trains a day (two on Sundays) in each direction between Swansea and Shrewsbury along the Heart of Wales Line.

</doc>
<doc id="2870466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870466" title="John Trevelyan (censor)">
John Trevelyan (censor)

John Trevelyan (11 July 1903 – 15 August 1986) was Secretary of the Board of the British Board of Film Censors from 1958 to 1971.
Trevelyan was born in Beckenham, Kent, England, the son of a parson., and had been involved in educational administration. In 1951 he joined the British Board of Film Censors as an examiner, and in 1958 became Secretary. 
He brought a more liberal approach to the role of Chief Censor than his predecessors claiming: ""We are paid to have dirty minds"". His "Times" obituary said that he "never shrank from using his scissors, especially when it came to protecting the young." He passed the 1969 Ken Russell film Women in Love of the D. H. Lawrence novel, and received a complaint about the nude wrestling scene between the two male stars that the actors were "displaying their genials" (sic). 
However his approach was harshly criticised by some. According to film director Roy Ward Baker:
Trevelyan wrote a book on his experiences entitled "What the Censor Saw" (1973).
Trevelyan was a critic of the early Bond films; when "GoldenEye" was released in 1995, the villain of the film was named Alec Trevelyan. 
He was married four times. He was awarded the CBE in 1971. 
Trevelyan died in Croydon, Greater London, aged 83.

</doc>
<doc id="2870467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870467" title="Jehu Davis">
Jehu Davis

John (Jehu) Davis (1738 – May 11, 1802) was an American planter and politician from Mispillion Hundred, in Kent County, Delaware, west of Milford. He served in the Delaware General Assembly and as President of Delaware.
Early life and family.
Davis was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, son of Thomas Davis. His paternal grandfather was born in Wales. Jehu Davis came to Laurel, Delaware where he married Rhoda Laws. After their marriage they bought "McSparren," a farm in Mispillion Hundred, 3 miles west of Milford, where they settled permanently. There they had eight children, Isaac, John, Henry, Sarah, Rhoda, Nancy, Joshua, and William. After Rhoda's death, Davis married Sarah Douglas. They were members of Christ Episcopal Church in Milford. That portion of Mispillion Hundred became Milford Hundred in 1830.
Professional and political career.
Davis was a member of the local militia during the American Revolution and a Justice of the Peace for 14 years beginning in 1777. He was elected to the 1st State House, or House of Assembly, and served ten terms from the 1776/77 session through the 1779/80 session, again in the 1782/83 and 1783/84 sessions, and finally from the 1786/87 session through the 1789/90 session. He was the Speaker in the 1788/89 session and when President Thomas Collins died in office on March 29, 1789, the Speaker's office in the State Senate or Legislative Council, was vacant. Consequently, Davis became President. He served until June 2, 1789, when the Delaware General Assembly held a special vote to choose Collins' replacement. 
During Davis' short term George Washington was inaugurated the first President of the United States. The event of his passing through Wilmington on the way to New York for this ceremony caused a great deal of excitement, as described by Elizabeth Montgomery in her "Reminiscences of Wilmington:"
Afterwards, Davis served as a judge of the Court of Common Pleas from 1789 until 1792 and as a Justice of the Peace from 1793 until his death.
Death and legacy.
Davis died at "McSparren," in Mispillion Hundred and is buried in the Christ (Savannah) Episcopal Church Cemetery. The cemetery is now paved over by Delaware Route 14.
No known portrait of Jehu Davis exists.
Almanac.
Elections were held October 1 and members of the General Assembly took office on October 20 or the following weekday. State Assemblymen had a one-year term. The whole General Assembly chose the State President for a three-year term. However, Davis served as State President only temporarily, filling the vacancy created by the death of Thomas Collins and awaiting the selection of a successor by the General Assembly. Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas were also selected by the General Assembly for the life of the person appointed.

</doc>
<doc id="2870468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870468" title="The Remix Album (All Saints album)">
The Remix Album (All Saints album)

The Remix Album is an album by the British girl group All Saints and is remixed by DJ Pete Tong. It was released in 1998, following the success of their eponymous debut album and features remixes of the songs from it, most of which had not been released before.

</doc>
<doc id="2870470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870470" title="Bembo">
Bembo

Bembo is the name given to a 20th-century revival of an old style serif or humanist typeface cut by Francesco Griffo around 1495.
The typeface Bembo seen today is a revival designed under the direction of Stanley Morison for the Monotype Corporation in 1929.
It is considered a good choice for expressing classic beauty or formal tradition in typographical design and is generally held to be a good book face.
Distinctive Visual Identifiable Characteristics.
Characteristics of this typeface are the following:
lower case:
double-story a.
upper case:
the capital Q's tail is centered under the figure, the uppercase J has a slight hook, and there are two versions of uppercase R, one with a straight tail and one with a curved tail.
Bembo is a classic typeface that displays the characteristics that identify Old Style, humanist designs:
History.
Griffo cut punches for the Venetian press of the humanist printer Aldus Manutius. The face was first used in February 1496 (1495 "more veneto"), in the setting of a book entitled "Petri Bembi de Aetna Angelum Chabrielem liber", a 60-page text about a journey to Mount Aetna written by the young Italian humanist poet Pietro Bembo, later a Cardinal and secretary to Pope Leo X.
Six years later Griffo was responsible for the first italic types, cut for Aldus.
A second version of the roman face followed in 1499 and this type was used to print the famous illustrated "Hypnerotomachia Poliphili". This typeface served as a source of inspiration for typefaces of the Parisian typefounder Claude Garamond, for Voskens and many others, which were themselves the sources for Caslon types and many other European types of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
Griffo was the first punch-cutter to fully express the character of the humanist hand that contemporaries preferred for manuscripts of classics and literary texts, in distinction to the book hand humanists dismissed as a gothic hand or the everyday chancery hand. The typeface called Bembo has a calligraphic feel that is particularly evident in the serifs. It has a delicate transitional curve that rises up into the stem of each letter. Many lowercase letters exhibit hints of sinuous curves reminiscent of those generated by hand-drawn letters; the termination of the arm of both the r and the e flare slightly upward and outward. The lowercase c has a subtle forward slant, a reversal of the oblique stress of the o. Characters h, m, and n have a slight returned curve on their final stem. Lowercase italic k has an elegantly curved stroke in the lower-right. One of the main characteristic that distinguished Griffo's types from earlier Venetian forms is the way in which the ascenders of the lowercase letters stand taller than the capitals. An infant variety also exists, which contains single-story versions of the letters A and G.
According to the authors of "Typographic Specimens: The Great Typefaces," Bembo is noted for its ability to "provide a text that is extremely consistent in color and texture," helping it to "remain one of the most popular book types since its release."
Monotype history.
Monotype Bembo is generally regarded as one of the most handsome revivals of Aldus Manutius’s 15th-century roman type. However there is no italic cut with it. The rumor goes that Stanley Morison commissioned Alfred Fairbank (Born: Grimsby, United Kingdom, 1895, Died: Hove, Sussex, 1982), a renowned calligrapher, to design an italic for Bembo. This was released in metal type in 1929, but Fairbank claimed that he made the design independently and sold the drawings to Monotype.
Fairbank’s design—although very beautiful—was, however, not used at first with the Bembo roman. A more conventional italic was cut by Monotype and used to complete to the Bembo font-family.
Fairbank’s first design, which was based on the work of 16th-century writing master Ludovico Vicentino degli Arrighi, was, however, made available in 4 sizes, named Bembo Condensed Italic.
Recently available fonts.
More recently, Bembo is the typeface used for volumes in the Everyman's Library series. It is also the principal typeface in the Rough Guides series of travel books.
Two recent font development projects based on the "De Aetna" face (and the italic created by Monotype to go with it) are Cardo and Yale. The Cardo fonts, developed by David J. Perry for use in classical scholarship and also including Greek and Hebrew, are freely available under the SIL Open Font License. The Yale face, developed by Matthew Carter, is available exclusively to "Yale students, employees, and authorized contractors for use in Yale publications and communications. It may not be used for personal or business purposes, and it may not be distributed to non-Yale personnel."

</doc>
<doc id="2870478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870478" title="Pi Aquilae">
Pi Aquilae

Pi Aquilae (π Aql, π Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila, about 3° to the north of the bright star Altair. The apparent visual magnitude of the system is 5.85, making it faintly visible to the naked eye from dark suburban skies. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 6.34 mas, the distance to this system is roughly .
The binary nature of this system was first discovered by William Herschel in 1785. The primary component of is a magnitude 6.47 giant star with a stellar classification of G8 III:. A companion star at an angular separation of 1.437 arcseconds is an A-type main sequence star with a classification of A1 V. It is slightly fainter, with an apparent magnitude of 6.75.

</doc>
<doc id="2870481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870481" title="UEFA European Under-17 Championship">
UEFA European Under-17 Championship

The UEFA European Under-17 Championship is an annual European association football competition contested by the men's under-17 national teams of the member associations of UEFA. Established in 1982, the competition was organised as an under-16 event until 2001, when it was changed to its current age category. In odd years, it serves as the European qualifying tournament for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The current competition format consists of three stages: a qualifying round, an elite round and a final tournament. The first stage takes place in autumn of the previous year, while the elite round is played in spring. The winners of each elite round group join the host team in the final tournament, played in May.
Spain is the most successful team in this competition, having won eight titles and finished in the podium sixteen times. The current champions are England, who defeated Netherlands 4–2 in a penalty shootout in the 2014 tournament final.
Tournaments.
UEFA European Under-17 Championship.
1"No third place match has been played since 2007; losing semi-finalists are listed in alphabetical order."
Winners.
1 There was no match to determine 3rd place after the 2006 tournament.
Golden Player Award.
Since the 2002 edition, the Golden Player Award has been given to the most valuable player of the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="2870484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870484" title="Sylvania Township, Lucas County, Ohio">
Sylvania Township, Lucas County, Ohio

Sylvania Township is one of the eleven townships of Lucas County, Ohio, United States. As of 2010, the total population was 48,487, making it the second most populous county subdivision of Lucas County, as well as the third most populous in all of northwest Ohio and the 419 / 567 area codes (behind Toledo and Mansfield). It is the 8th most populous township in Ohio.
The township entirely encompasses the city of Sylvania. Excluding the city of Sylvania, the remainder of the township had a population of 29,522 in 2010. The township government is under direction of a 3-member Board of Trustees (elected to staggered 4-year terms), an elected Clerk and a full-time Administrator.
Geography.
Located in the northern part of the county, it borders the following townships and municipalities:
The city of Sylvania lies in northern Sylvania Township.
The Ottawa River and Ten Mile Creek both flow through the township.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 44,253 people, 9,453 households, and 6,400 families residing in the township. The racial makeup of the township was 93.5% White, 1.7% African American, 0.1% Native American, 2.8% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 0.7% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. 1.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 16,640 households out of which 36.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.4% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.3% were non-families. 23.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.13. There was a total of 
17,297 housing units in the township, of which 657 (3.8%) were vacant.
In the township the population was spread out with 27.9% under the age of 18 and 13.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39.5 years. For every 100 females there were 92.77 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.26 males.
Name.
It is the only Sylvania Township statewide. Sylvania is Latin for "place in the woods." Sylvania Township shares its name with the city of Sylvania.
Government.
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The township has six departments: Administration, Police, Fire, Road, Zoning and Maintenance. Sylvania Township employs 162 people.
Township residents receive water from the City of Sylvania, the City of Toledo or Lucas County depending on where they live.
Transportation.
The following highways are important transportation arteries in Sylvania Township:
Famous residents.
The actress Katie Holmes grew up in Sylvania Township.

</doc>
<doc id="2870490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870490" title="Francesco Griffo">
Francesco Griffo

Francesco Griffo (1450–1518), also called Francesco da Bologna, was a fifteenth-century Venetian punchcutter. He worked for Aldus Manutius, designing that printer's more important typefaces, including the first italic type. His romans show a degree of abstraction from calligraphy not present in the work of the earlier master Nicolas Jenson, while his italic and Greek types are notably cursive. Just as Manutius had achieved a monopoly on italic printing and Greek publishing with the permission of the Venetian government, he had a falling-out with Griffo. In 1516, after he returned to Bologna, Griffo was charged with the murder of his son-in-law, who had been beaten to death with an iron bar. This is his last appearance in the historical record.
Influence.
Griffo's typefaces have been very influential. Typefaces based on his work include Monotype Poliphilus roman, Bembo Book roman, Bembo Titling, Morris Fuller Benton's Cloister Old Style italic, Jack Yan's JY Aetna roman, Bitstream Aldine 401 roman, and Franko Luin's Griffo Classico roman and italic; more distant descendants include the romans of Claude Garamond, Giovanni Mardersteig's Dante, Robert Slimbach's Minion and Matthew Carter's Yale Typeface.

</doc>
<doc id="2870495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870495" title="Psi Aquilae">
Psi Aquilae

Psi Aquilae (ψ Aql, ψ Aquilae) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It is a faint star with an apparent visual magnitude of 6.25, which, according to the Bortle Dark-Sky Scale, can be seen with the naked eye in dark rural skies. The orbit of the Earth causes an annual parallax shift of 3.22 mas, which indicates a distance of roughly .
The spectrum of Psi Aquilae matches a stellar classification of B9 III-IV, with the luminosity class of III-IV indicating the spectrum lies part way between that of a subgiant and a giant star. The effective temperature of the star's outer atmosphere is 10,814 K, giving it the blue-white hue of a B-type star. It has nearly four times the radius of the Sun and has a projected rotational velocity of 20 km/s.

</doc>
<doc id="2870496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870496" title="Jane Beale">
Jane Beale

Lesley Jane Beale (previously Collins and Clarke) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", played by Laurie Brett. She made her first appearance on 22 June 2004. Brett took maternity leave in 2011 and departed on 19 May. She returned on 8 November and departed on 27 January 2012. Jane returned to the show, temporarily, in January 2014. She departed again on 20 May 2014, before making a permanent return on 11 September 2014.
Storylines.
2004–12.
Jane comes to Walford with a funfair as she is working on the candy floss stall where she argues with Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) but helps out when the funfair collapses. She moves to the Square and becomes friends with Ian. She reveals that her husband, David Collins (Dan Milne), is in a hospice with Huntington's Disease. David dies and Jane and Ian start dating. She moves in with him and his children, Lucy (Melissa Suffield/Hetti Bywater), Peter (Thomas Law) and Bobby (Alex Francis). When Jane and Grant Mitchell (Ross Kemp) intervene over a feud between Ian and Grant's brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden), they end up kissing. Jane tells Grant she is not in love with him. After an argument with Ian, she has sex with Grant but stays with Ian and Grant leaves Walford. Phil tells Ian about the affair so Ian proposes to Jane, quietly planning to humiliate her at the wedding. Jane learns this on their wedding day and disappears. Ian finds her and they have a fight but realise they love each other and want to be together. They marry in secret.
Ian's stepson Steven Beale (Aaron Sidwell), who has been living overseas, returns to Walford and takes Ian hostage, locking him in a flat. The family eventually learn where Ian is and try to rescue him but Jane is shot in the process. She and Ian agree to have a baby when she recovers but Jane needs an emergency hysterectomy, leaving them devastated. Jane starts going to a stand-up comedy club, telling Ian that she is going to the gym. However, he knows she is lying so Tamwar Masood (Himesh Patel) takes him to the club where she is on stage. He is amused initially but hurt by her jokes about him and their sex life. He gives her an ultimatum—give up her hobby or end their marriage. After she is accepted by a talent scout, Jane is shocked by Ian's insistence that he become her agent but his interfering takes the fun out of it so she ends her comedy career.
After Ian invests in Masala Masood, the curry business run by Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra) and his wife, Zainab Masood (Nina Wadia), the Masoods and Beales go into business together. Jane has a flirtatious relationship with Masood. She talks to Ian about the possibility of adopting but he refuses to consider it so Jane turns to Masood for comfort and they kiss. Ian changes his mind about adoption but Jane knows it is only for her sake and leaves Walford. Ian finds Jane but she refuses to come home. She only returns when Bobby goes missing. Jane discovers her brother, Christian Clarke (John Partridge), is having an affair with Masood's son, Syed Masood (Marc Elliott), while Christian acts as Syed's wedding planner. Zainab discovers this, and blames Jane for Christian coming to Walford. When Zainab hears Tamwar playing an audio recording of Ian having sex with Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks), she plays it to Jane. Ian explains that Janine was blackmailing him and admits he stole Archie Mitchell's (Larry Lamb) laptop on the day he was murdered to retrieve the recording. Ian is arrested when Janine implicates Ian in Archie's death, but the charges are dropped. This damages Jane's chances of adopting.
Jane learns that Lucy is pregnant and suggests Lucy consider an abortion but Lucy wants Jane and Ian to adopt the baby. Jane agrees but Ian does not want to and blames Jane for taking advantage of Lucy. Ian speaks to Lucy, convincing her to have an abortion. He arranges it, while telling Jane that Lucy has miscarried. Fearing that Jane will learn the truth, Ian persuades her to visit her mother, Linda Clarke (Lynda Baron), in Florida. Jane is suspicious but Lucy convinces her to go. That night, Masood reminds her of their kiss and asks if he can go with her but she goes alone as Masood stays in Walford, due to Syed's suicide attempt. After Jane returns, the family learn that there are inconsistencies with Lucy and Peter's exam results, and the papers will be investigated. Lucy denies cheating but later admits that she did. Annoyed about Lucy's lies, Jane tells Lucy's friend Zsa Zsa Carter (Emer Kenny) that she is upset about Lucy's lies. Zsa Zsa assumes Jane is talking about the abortion and tells her about it. Jane asks Lucy to promise her that she is not hiding anything else, which she does. However, Jane learns that Ian knew Lucy planned to cheat in her exam and about the abortion, so decides to leave once she has got what she feels she is owed. She opens another bank account and plans to secretly transfer funds before leaving, telling Ian that she no longer wants to adopt but Ian suggests she adopt Bobby and she agrees, as she can fight for access of him. Jane tells Christian about the abortion and he urges her to leave Ian, offering to help.
Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) brings a letter from the bank about Jane's secret address to Ian. He asks Jane about it and she says she has been saving for a holiday and then has to book one but Ian is suspicious, watching Jane's every move. Jane discovers that Ian is planning to buy the local Indian restaurant, the Argee Bhajee, without consulting her. Angry, Jane tells her friends that she does not love Ian any more, unaware that he has overheard. Ian attempts to woo Jane by cooking her a meal and offering to name the Argee Bhajee after her, admitting that he overheard what she said at Zainab's house. In response, Jane reveals that she knows about Lucy's abortion and is sick of his lies. She meets Masood and the pair console each other about their respective partners. They go to a hotel, intending to have sex but change their minds and decide to remain friends. When Jane returns home, she admits what happened to Ian and the pair reconcile.
Ian asks Jane to renew their wedding vows and she agrees. Days later, Ian admits to having sex with Glenda Mitchell (Glynis Barber) but is hopeful that Jane will forgive him. However, she tells him she cannot and they end their relationship, but continue to live together. Ian is determined to win her back. She is horrified when Greg Jessop (Stefan Booth) asks Ian to be best man at his wedding to Jane's best friend Tanya Branning (Jo Joyner). During Tanya's hen night, Jane and Tanya get drunk and Tanya accuses Jane of being jealous, so Jane refuses to be Tanya's matron of honour. Returning home, Jane finds Greg bringing Ian home and she goes to kiss Greg, who pushes her away. Filled with guilt, Jane admits what she did to Tanya and they reconcile. Jane and Ian's relationship deteriorates when she meets a man named Martin (Alasdair Harvey) at a pub quiz. They have a brief affair but she ends it but Ian tries to make Jane jealous by hiring an escort named Jeanette (Georgia Reece). Jane learns that she is an escort and mocks Ian, so he calls Jane a prostitute disguised as a wife, She then vows to take everything she can in their divorce. Jane tells Masood that she is in love with him and asks him to leave Zainab but he refuses, telling her that he loves her but does not want a divorce. Jane wins the café in her divorce from Ian. Bobby is upset by their arguments, and Jane realises she must leave Walford for his sake, so there are no more arguments. She promises to see Bobby regularly, and leaves after removing her wedding ring. Ian and Jane's divorce is later finalised.
Jane returns six months later after Bobby visits her and is shocked to learn Ian is engaged to Mandy Salter (Nicola Stapleton) and that Masood and Zainab have split. Masood tells Jane that he cannot just be friends with her and begin a romantic relationship. Masood and Jane go to dinner at Ian and Mandy's house and Ian asks how their relationship can develop if Jane is not a Muslim, so she tells Ian that she will convert, surprising Masood. Masood says she does not have to, so she is relieved. She sees Masood kissing Zainab and tells Zainab's new partner Yusef Khan (Ace Bhatti), and her relationship with Masood ends though they stay friends. As Tanya has cancer, Jane helps organise a function to raise money for cancer charities. At the event, Jane's former cuisine tutor Gethin Williams (Bradley Freegard) arrives. He is impressed with Jane's catering and asks her to interview for a job at his new restaurant. Jane is reluctant but Tanya sets it up regardless, telling Jane the next day and persuades her to go. She is offered the job, but it is in Cardiff, about 150 miles away. She accepts the job but Tanya assumes she has decided to stay in Walford as is horrified when Masood reveals the truth. Tanya is upset and says that Jane is no longer her friend. Jane is tempted to stay when Ian tells her that his half-brother Ben Mitchell (Joshua Pascoe) needs her but Christian convinces her to go, telling her not to give up on her dreams. As she and Christian are leaving, Tanya runs out of her house, and the two reconcile. She leaves and joyfully exclaims that she can now be whoever she wants.
2014–.
In January 2014, after Peter begins to worry about Ian's behaviour, he calls Jane. She arrives at their house, to Ian's shock, as he is about to propose to his current girlfriend, Jane's old friend Denise Fox (Diane Parish). Things are awkward between her and Denise, and Ian breaks down after a heart-to-heart with Jane, revealing that the pressure of his life is overwhelming him. Jane encourages him to remain strong and advises Peter to talk to Denise about it. Jane returns again the following month to see her step-son Bobby compete in the spelling competition finals at school. Jane notices that there is something not right between Ian and Denise so gets ready to leave. However, Denise tells Jane that she shared a kiss with Fatboy (Ricky Norwood), insisting that it was a stupid mistake and that she feels very ashamed of herself. Jane advises Denise to tell the truth, which she does and Ian forgives her. She later tells Ian that she will buy Janine's share of Scarlett's.
Jane leaves Cardiff to lodge with Masood. When she hears that 15 year-old Cindy Williams (Mimi Keene) is pregnant, Jane reasons with her and takes her for a scan. She makes it clear to Ian that she intends being an equal working-partner in the restaurant. Masood misinterprets Jane's advances and kisses her, but she swiftly rebuffs him. Whilst bonding with Jane over past experiences, Ian kisses her but Jane is humiliated and flees the house, spilling hot coffee over Max Branning (Jake Wood) in the process. When attempting to apologise to Max, Jane is appalled when he tries to seduce her and ends up in the launderette. After some advice from Dot Branning (June Brown) she returns to the Beale home to help Ian go through their business ideas. Later on, Jane makes it clear that she and Ian are only friends but agrees to keep the truth from Denise. Masood's daughter Shabnam Masood (Rakhee Thakrar) dislikes Jane and Masood's closeness and plots to push Jane closer to Ian, scheming against them and Denise when Denise enlists her help in pushing Jane and Masood closer together. Realising that she is affecting Denise and Ian's relationship, Jane starts a relationship with Masood and continues to live with him.
Jane is devastated when Lucy dies in mysterious circumstances, and struggles to support Ian and his family. Whilst grieving, Jane and Ian sleep together, but whilst Ian hopes that they will reunite, Jane immediately regrets her actions. She makes it clear to Ian that them sleeping together was a mistake, leading to him taking his anger out on Bobby. After witnessing this, Jane decides to take Bobby away for a while, so that Ian can grieve properly. She admits to Shabnam what her and Ian did, before leaving Walford. The following day, Jane breaks up with Masood over the phone, and he is heartbroken to learn of her betrayal. Several weeks later, Lucy's body is released for the funeral and Ian, who is feeling alone in his grief, comes to Birmingham to try and find Jane at her brother Christian's. Christian tells him she is not there and he leaves. Jane then reveals herself and tells him that she cannot go to the funeral; however, although late, Jane does eventually appear for the event and supports Ian through his grief. Afterwards, she apologizes to Masood for cheating on him, before returning with Christian and Bobby to Birmingham.
Other appearances.
Jane also makes cameo appearances in the Internet spin-off series "". In episode 2 of series 1, Jane is working in the café where Fatboy (Ricky Norwood) attempts to chat her up. In episode 3 of series 2, she is seen briefly talking to a girl outside the café and in episode 8 she confronts Asher Levi (Heshima Thompson) about some trainers he sold to Peter. He says he does not give refunds so she snatches his wallet and takes some money out but he snatches it back. Jane tells two police offices that Asher is a thief and they chase after him. In episode 10, Asher says he will refund Jane and when his brother Sol Levi (Tosin Cole) needs him, she lets him go.
Creation and development.
Brett joined the cast of "EastEnders" in 2004 and was asked to dye her hair red and keep it short for the part. She also put on an English accent to disguise her natural Scottish accent. Brett described Jane as "warm, kind, caring and nurturing but she's not somebody that will be pushed around. She is quite feisty. She's a matriarch. Not as a dominant woman but she's definitely in a matriarch, she's the centre of a family in the making for "EastEnders"."
In 2006, Jane has an affair with Grant Mitchell, played by Ross Kemp. The scenes began after writers saw chemistry between Kemp and Brett. Brett considered the storyline to be a turning point for the character as "All I did for the last year was say: 'What can I get you?' in the café." Jane was given a sexier look after a new producer came in and asked Brett to grow her hair and bleach out the red dye.
Jane marries Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt), after co-habiting for around two years. Brett described Jane as "the straight man to Ian's buffoon. She's the other half who makes him whole." Speaking on the character's relationship with her husband, she likened herself to his mother, Kathy (Gillian Taylforth), stating: "if Jane doesn't work out for Ian, no one will! Perhaps because Ian is finally married to his mother. Jane is very Kathy-esque. They'd have got on really well, though I can't imagine Kathy would've been too impressed with Jane's affair with Grant – despite the fact she got through a few Mitchells herself!" She stated that she hoped Jane and Ian's marriage would be a lasting one, commenting that so far: "it's panned out brilliantly. There are millions of marriages like this one, involving a strong woman behind an incredibly weak man. But it's Ian's flaws that make everyone love him so much. The only time a character becomes boring is when they're two dimensional, and that's something you could never say about Ian. I can't imagine being anyone else's missus!"
On the Beale family as a whole, Brett commented: "we're probably the most normal family in Albert Square. The Beales are like the Trotters from "Only Fools and Horses" in many ways. They're salt-of-the-earth people who are trying to better themselves, so there's plenty of scope for drama and comedy. The writers certainly haven't run out of ideas for us yet - I haven't stopped working on big stories since I joined the show!"
Reintroduction (2014).
Jane returned to "EastEnders" in the 6 and 7 January 2014 episodes. Brett's return to filming was not announced by the show's producers so that viewers would be surprised. Brett found it easy to keep her return a secret, but said that the "EastEnders" press office and executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins probably found it more difficult. Brett said that she was "absolutely thrilled" with the reaction that she received, after the episode was broadcast, opining that it proved that Jane is a popular character. The character returned for a longer stint between late February and early May, before making another long departure, and it has since been confirmed Brett will return full-time as Jane from September.
Reception.
In a review of the first decade of the 21st century in soaps, Ruth Deller of lowculture.co.uk wrote that Jane was "one of the best new characters in soap this decade; really believable, sensitive, sensible, [... she gives "EastEnders" a bit of heart, which is rare indeed." Deller also expressed her belief that Jane transformed the Beale family into one of the strongest families of the late 2000s, further stating: "A genuinely nice character whom you could imagine being your mate, once they got that nonsense with Grant out of the way, she's been a real asset to the soap." Kevin O'Sullivan of the "Sunday Mirror" said that Jane was an "EastEnders" veteran who had a "seismic departure" as she "checked out of soapland's asylum in characteristically crazy style". When Jane departed she said "from now on I can be whoever I want" - in response O'Sullivan quipped "but you'll always be the loser who married Ian Beale". Virgin Media called 2009 the "Good year" for Jane because she left her ex-husband Ian, "the most boring and selfish man in Walford."

</doc>
<doc id="2870497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870497" title="Bhattaraka">
Bhattaraka

A Bhaṭṭāraka ( "holy one") heads traditional Digambara Jain institutions. he is responsible for training scholars, maintenance of libraries, managing endowments, presiding over installation ceremonies and running Jain institutions.
Overview.
The term "bhaṭṭāraka" was used for Acharya Virasena, Acharya Bhadrabahu and other notables. It was in the past used for leaders of religious orders in Shaivism, Buddhism and other groups, but currently it is applied to heads of Digambara Jain institutions. Unlike a Digambara monk, a bhaṭṭāraka wears an orange robe, stays in a single place and is involved in management of assets of the institution. 
The role of a bhaṭṭāraka is described by Brahm Gyansagar, a disciple of Bhaṭṭāraka Shribhushana of Kashtha Sangh Nanditat Gaccha in seventeenth century of the Vikram era:
<br><br>"Bhaṭṭāraka sōhi jāṇa bhraṣṭācara nivārē, dharma prakāśē dōi bhavika jīva bahu tārē| Sakala śastra sampūrṇa sūrimantra ārādhē, karē gaccha uddhāra svātmakārya bahu sādhē| Saumyamūrti śōbhākaraṇa kṣamādharaṇa gambhīramati, bhaṭṭāraka sōhi jāṇiyē kahata jñānasāgara yati."<br><br>"Thus a bhaṭṭāraka illuminates both dharmas, is an expert in all scriptures, has the authority to recite the suri-mantra (to consecrate an image). He is also responsible for preserving the order. He is the head of the six limbs of the sangha: shravaka, shravika, pandita (brahma), muni (vrati), aryika and Bhattaraka."
Present Bhattaraka Seats.
Once bhaṭṭārakas were common all over India, but currently, they are present only in South India. Famous bhaṭṭāraka seats include:
Historical Bhattaraka Seats.
Bhaṭṭāraka seats existed at the following places until recent centuries:
Many bhaṭṭāraka seats in North India existed until the beginning of the 20th century.
Theories of Origin.
There are several theories of how the modern Bhattarka institution originated. 
In its modern form, with the Bhattaraka as an orange-robed advanced layman, its founding is often attributed to Prabhachandra of Mula Sangh, Balatkara Gana Saraswati gachchha, who travelled from Pattana (Gujarat) to Delhi, where he was anointed in a ceremony as the first Bhattaraka of Delhi. He was invited by the ruler of Delhi, who is identified as Muhammad Bin Tughlaq.
However Shrutasagara, in his commentary on Shatprabhrita, mentioned Prabhachandra's predecessor Vasantakirti has having adopted body coverage first. The lineage linking Vasabtakirti and Prabhachandra is given as following (see Balatkara Gana):

</doc>
<doc id="2870499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870499" title="Timothy Greene">
Timothy Greene

Timothy John Greene (born 1969 in South Africa) is a South African actor, film director, and writer. He is also known as Tim Greene and cited under that name in most articles about him.
The making of "Boy called Twist".
Greene's first feature film "Boy called Twist" was an innovation in South African film finance.
In 2002 Greene put out a call that he was looking for 1000 investors who could each risk R1000.00, (app US $145) spreading the risk across a broad community of like-minded people. By August 2003 a million rands had been secured. 
Two trusts contributed further grants to a total of R400,000.00 to the project.
Principal photography lasted 21 days and was completed on schedule and within budget. Real life street kids participated in the movie. The offline edit of the film was screened in 2004 and a further R1,000.000.00 was committed to the film's completion by the National Film and Video Foundation of South Africa.
On 18 November 2004, the film premiered to a standing ovation at the Cape Town World Cinema Festival. In May 2005, the film screened at the Cannes Film Festival, representing South Africa in the "Tous Les Cinema de Monde" (All the Cinemas of the World) section. Greene also organized an outdoor screening for street kids in Cape Town.
Throughout the making of the movie, Greene kept his funders informed of the progress of the movie via email and all 1000 Associate Producers are listed in the film's credits, making it the longest Associate Producer credit title in history.
Selected filmography.
Feature Films:
TV:
Short Films:

</doc>
<doc id="2870504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870504" title="Roy Zimmerman (satirist)">
Roy Zimmerman (satirist)

Roy Zimmerman (born October 7, 1957) is an American satirical singer-songwriter and guitarist whose self-proclaimed leftist-slanted commentary is primarily focused on social issues and politics.
A native of Southern California, Roy Zimmerman wrote, in the early 1980s, a series of satirical musical reviews which were presented in association with the San Jose Repertory Theatre, including "YUP!" (1984), "UP the YUP" (1985) and "YUP It UP!" (1986). The musicals parodied the excesses of the evolving Silicon Valley culture associated with the term "yuppie" — hence "YUP". The songs from these reviews, including "Teen-age Computer Tycoon", "The Bay Area Sprawl" and "I Want to Be in a Pepsi Commercial", have remained in the memory of Bay Area professionals long after they, and Silicon Valley, have ceased to be young.
He was the founder of the Southern California satirical folk quartet, The Foremen, which performed at the national conventions of both major American political parties in 1996. Continuing as a solo act, he explained the philosophy behind writing and performing humorous songs on increasingly political subjects,
At the counter-events to the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City, he chose to perform his song, "Chickenhawk", an indictment of those who approve of militarism as long as neither they nor anyone they know has to be directly involved. His songs are also played regularly on Dr. Demento's radio show.
Zimmerman played in front of military atheists in the "Rock Beyond Belief" concert on March 31, 2012 at North Carolina's Fort Bragg. 
Roy Zimmerman lives and works in Bay Area's Marin County with his wife and frequent collaborator, Melanie Harby, and their sons Joe and Sam.

</doc>
<doc id="2870506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870506" title="Saints &amp; Sinners (All Saints album)">
Saints &amp; Sinners (All Saints album)

Saints & Sinners is the second studio album by British-Canadian girl group All Saints. It was released three years after their debut album, "All Saints". Promo copies of the track "Surrender" were circulating from early January 2001, indicating it would have been the fourth proper single from the album had the group not disbanded soon after the album's release. The album charted at number one in the UK, their only album to do so. Three tracks on the album were produced by William Orbit, best known for his work with Madonna on her "Ray of Light" album. The album received mixed reviews from music critics, praising the singles and the new direction of music, while some felt it was too similar to the Spice Girls and Madonna's album "Ray of Light".
Three singles were released from the album: "Pure Shores", "Black Coffee" and "All Hooked Up". The first single from the album, the Orbit-produced "Pure Shores", preceded the album by several months, having been previously released on the soundtrack for the 2000 film "The Beach". It topped the UK Singles Chart and was certified Platinum. Second single "Black Coffee" also got to number one in the UK, whilst final single "All Hooked Up" peaked at number seven.
The majority of the songs were written by Shaznay Lewis and Karl Gordon. Melanie Blatt wrote two tracks on the album, "I Feel You" and "Ha Ha", the former track being written in dedication to her daughter, while Natalie Appleton co-wrote the track "Dreams" with Samantha Fox. Fox said she is credited on the song as "Karen Wilkin" because All Saints refused to record the song if she used her real name. Commercially, "Saints & Sinners" wasn't as successful as its preceding album.
Critical reception.
"Saints & Sinners" received mixed reviews from music critics. "NME" had stated "It's better than the new Spice Girls record. But really, that's not good enough." They criticised the groups lack of new musical direction saying "[...] But since the release of their first album and their meteoric rise to tabloid infamy, they seem to be on a mission to tear down that credibility, brick by brick." They then concluded saying "For a British pop album, 'Saints And Sinners' is simply passable." They did praise the single releases though. "Entertainment.ie", however were more positive, giving it four stars out of five. They said that "Saints And Sinners is a confident set of vibrant R'n'B songs driven by swirling dance rhythms and some luscious harmonies." They concluded saying "At heart the Saints are superlative singers and the unique chemistry conjured up by their four individual voices makes this one of the best pop albums of the year."
Though Allmusic did not review the album, they gave it three stars out of five. They had highlighted "Pure Shores", "Black Coffee" and "Dreams" as album standouts. Nigel Packer from BBC Music gave it a positive review, but saying "It's a sign of just what Saints And Sinners might have been with Orbit at the helm throughout. Instead we're left with one strong EP trapped inside a pretty run-of-the-mill album."
Commercial reception.
Commercially, "Saints & Sinners" wasn't as successful as its preceding album. The album debuted at eight on the New Zealand Albums Chart, but only lasted for five weeks. The album debuted at twenty-six on the Australian Albums Chart, and rose to peak at twenty. The album only lasted for three weeks. In Norway, the album peaked at fifteen and stayed in the charts for four weeks. The album debuted at number nineteen in Sweden, but only lasted for three weeks on the chart.
The album wasn't as successful in Austria, where it debuted at twelve for two consecutive weeks and stayed in the chart for five weeks. It was more moderate in Switzerland, where it debuted at seven on the Swiss Albums Chart, but lasted for ten weeks in the charts. The album peaked at fourteen in Germany and lasted for eleven weeks in the chart. The album was more successful in their native United Kingdom where it peaked at number one for a sole week. It stayed in the charts for a total of twenty-three weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="2870517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870517" title="Delta Flight Museum">
Delta Flight Museum

The Delta Flight Museum is an aviation and corporate museum located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The museum is housed in two 1940s-era Delta Air Lines maintenance hangars, which were used until the 1960s when the Delta Technical Operations Center, formerly known as the Jet Base, was completed. The museum is a nonprofit organization and relies on volunteers, donations, special event rentals and Museum Store sales. The Delta Museum is considered an ongoing project and it collects various items year round.
Delta employee ID or prior arrangement is required to access the campus in which the museum is located.
Origins.
The idea for a Delta museum originated when a group of retirees started a campaign to find one of Delta's Douglas DC-3's in 1990. After some searching, the employees struck gold when they found DL Ship 41, Delta's first DC-3 to carry passengers, in Puerto Rico performing cargo services. The group bought the plane from the cargo airline and the Delta Air Transport Heritage Museum was started. From 1993 to 1999, the plane was painstakingly restored to its 1940's condition by active and retired Delta mechanics. Ship 41 is considered the most perfectly restored passenger transport DC-3 in the world. In 2001, Delta Ship 41 was the winner of the first National Trust for Historic Preservation award presented to an aircraft.
On May 23, 1995, the Delta Air Transport Heritage Museum was incorporated under Georgia law as an independent nonprofit corporation, organized exclusively for public charitable uses and purposes and qualified under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Historic Hangar 1.
Hangar 1 houses a modified Lockheed L-1011 that was bought from the Walt Disney Corporation and cut down to just the cockpit and first class cabin. This particular L-1011 was the first L-1011 manufactured by Lockheed. The cockpit is fully lit with all controls still movable. The cabin is a museum store where Delta memorabilia can be purchased.
Also in Hangar One is the Monroe Cafe, a full scale replica of Delta's former Monroe, Louisiana headquarters. It served as Delta's headquarters from 1934 to 1941, when headquarters were moved to Atlanta. The "hub" of Hangar One is the Delta Archives. It houses more than 200,000 images, 1,000 films, one of the world's largest airline uniform collections, as well as an aviation reference library.
Hangar 1 also houses the museum's restored aircraft which includes:
Historic Hangar 2.
The "Spirit of Delta" is housed in Hangar 2. Delta Ship 102, the company's first Boeing 767-200 was acquired in 1982. It was paid for "by voluntary contributions from employees, retirees and Delta's community partners. "The effort, called Project 767, was spearheaded by three Delta flight attendants to show the employees' appreciation to Delta for "solid management and strong leadership during the first years following airline deregulation." The aircraft was repainted in a commemorative paint scheme and toured the country to celebrate the airline's 75th anniversary in 2004. The airplane remained the flagship of the Delta fleet until March 2006, when it was replaced with a 777-200 "Delta Spirit" as the flagship and donated by Delta on March 3, 2006 after a farewell tour around the United States.
Collections, exhibitions, and facilities.
The Museum's collections and facilities include:

</doc>
<doc id="2870519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870519" title="Dump (program)">
Dump (program)

dump is a Unix program used to back up file systems. It operates on blocks, below filesystem abstractions such as files and directories. Dump can back up a file system to a tape or another disk. It is often used across a network by piping its output through bzip2 then SSH.
A dump utility first appeared in Version 6 AT&T UNIX.

</doc>
<doc id="2870522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870522" title="Singaporean response to 2005 Kashmir earthquake">
Singaporean response to 2005 Kashmir earthquake

In the aftermath of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake on October 8 in the Pakistan-administered region of Kashmir, several rescue and relief operations have been organised in Singapore to assist victims of the disaster.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong wrote letters of condolence to both Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
In his letter to Musharraf, Lee said he was deeply saddened to hear of the earthquake in South Asia, which has caused devastation and heavy loss of life in Pakistan. 
In his letter to Dr. Manmohan Singh, Lee said he was deeply saddened by the loss of life in Kashmir as a result of the earthquake. He said: "On behalf of the Government and people of Singapore, I would like to convey our condolences and deepest sympathies to you and to the families of the victims." He added that India demonstrated resilience and resolve in the wake of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, and he was confident that it would once again respond decisively to this challenge. 
Disaster rescue team.
The Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF) was dispatching a 44-member Disaster Assistance and Rescue Team (DART) to help Pakistan's relief and rescue operations. [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/172542/1/.html] They brought along three search-and-rescue dogs to assist in looking for survivors buried under the earthquake rubble. Two C-130 Hercules aircraft from the Republic of Singapore Air Force were used to transport the team to Pakistan.
As of 16 October, the SCDF team, called the Lion Heart, have treated 204 patients since its arrival at Muzaffarabad and other outskirt towns. Other international teams that were still operating in Muzaffarabad at that time were from Turkey, North Cyprus and Malaysia. 
[http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/173738/1/.html]
Relief and medical teams.
Singapore also sent two medical and relief teams to the disaster site. 
A six-member team of relief workers from Mercy Relief and the Singapore General Hospital was sent to Pakistan to help the victims. Stationed at a partially damaged hospital in Muzaffarabad, the team brought with them food and medical supplies, as well as items like tents and blankets, which the Pakistani relief workers have identified as essential items. In the two weeks deployment, the team has treated about 7,000 patients. [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/175814/1/.html]
The Singapore Red Cross sent a four-member medical teams composed of two doctors and two nurses to Pakistan to provide emergency medical relief assistance. They were working with the disaster response team from Pakistan's Red Crescent and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent in Islamabad. [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/172551/1/.html]
Community relief effort.
Various community groups have rallied and organised the collection of donation and relief supplies, including effort by the 4,000 strong Pakistani community in Singapore. The "Singapore Pakistan Association" has set up four centres across the country to help collect relief supplies. The needed relief supplies are shelter items like tents and plastic sheets, blankets and mattresses, food items like high energy biscuits and pre-cooked halal tinned food. Also needed are medicines like antibiotics, typhoid medication, fracture related and first aid kits, surgical instruments and water purification tablets. 
The Pakistani High Commission in Singapore is coordinating these effort and providing information to the public about the disaster and the relief operation. The High Commission is also accepting donations made out to the "Presidents' Relief Fund for Earthquake Victims - 2005." As of October 26, this joint fundraising effort has collected S$700,000. [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/175418/1/.html]
The Islamic Religious Council of Singapore (MUIS) launched a public appeal and organised a special fund-raising in aid of the affected victims. Donation boxes marked "Humanitarian Aid to Earthquake Victims in Pakistan, India & Afghanistan" were placed at all its 68 mosques. [http://ib2all.muis.sg/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=146&Itemid=84] As of October 20, 2005, MUIS has collected S$155,000 in its fund-raising. 
The Singapore Red Cross made a public appeal in helping to raise funds for the victims of the earthquake, accepting cheques made out to the "Singapore Red Cross Society" with "Asian Earthquake" marked at the back of it. [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/172551/1/.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2870536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870536" title="John Moschitta, Jr.">
John Moschitta, Jr.

John Moschitta, Jr., also known as "Motormouth" John Moschitta (born August 6, 1954, in New York City), is an American spokesperson and singer best known for his rapid speech delivery. He appeared in over 100 commercials as "The Micro Machines Man", as well as in a 1981 ad for FedEx.
Moschitta had been credited in "The Guinness Book of World Records" as the World's Fastest Talker, with the ability to articulate 586 words per minute. (His record was broken in 1990 by Steve Woodmore who spoke 637 wpm and subsequently by Sean Shannon who spoke 655 wpm on August 30, 1995.) Raised with five sisters, Moschitta said that he needed to talk fast "just to get a word in edgewise."
FedEx commercial.
In 1981, Moschitta appeared on the ABC TV series "That's Incredible!". This appearance led to many other television offers, such as "The Tonight Show" and the "Merv Griffin Show". Also, after seeing the show, Patrick Kelly and Michael Tesch, employees of the Ally & Gargano ad agency, hired Moschitta to appear in a FedEx commercial (when the package-delivery company was still known by its original name, Federal Express). In the ad, "Fast Paced World," directed by Joe Sedelmaier, Moschitta played a fast-talking executive named Jim Spleen. The commercial garnered six Clio awards, including Best Performance–Male award for Moschitta and earned him the nickname "Motormouth." Turn-of-the-century polls named it the Most Effective Campaign in the History of Advertising and named Moschitta the Most Effective Spokesperson. The 40th-anniversary issue of "New York Magazine" (October 6, 2008) listed it as number one in "The Most Memorable Advertisements Madison Avenue Ever Sold". "Advertising Age" ranked the ad number 11 among its "Top 100 Campaigns" in March 1999.
Other television work.
In addition to his commercials for Federal Express, Moschitta completed over 750 television and radio commercials, including national campaigns for Minute Rice, Quality Inn, Northwest Airlines, Olympus Camera, Mattel, Post Cereals, Tiger Games, Continental Airlines, Burger King, ABC, NBC, CBS, PBS, HBO, Micro Machines, and JetBlue. The "Great Cable Comparison" spot for HBO, in which he played a dozen characters, earned him his second CLIO recognition and a Silver Medal from the International Film and Television Festival of New York (1985). In 1996, Moschitta was honored by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences (the Emmy organization) for his contribution to outstanding commercials.
Moschitta also appeared in a number of movies and television shows; for example, he voiced the character of Blurr in "", and reprised the character in "Transformers Animated".
Moschitta has been an announcer on two television game shows: "Hollywood Squares" and "Balderdash".
Audio recordings.
In 1986, Moschitta recorded a spoken-word album entitled "Ten Classics in Ten Minutes". In this recording, Moschitta summarizes ten classic literary tales in one minute each. The collection includes stories such as Herman Melville's "Moby-Dick"; William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet"; F Scott Fitzgerald's "The Great Gatsby"; Margaret Mitchell's "Gone with the Wind"; and John Steinbeck's "The Grapes of Wrath". Soon after, the team produced a second recording, "Professor John Moschitta's Ten Minute University." In it, Moschitta delivered 60-second lectures on various subjects, such as comparative literature, physics, economics, psychology, and football. Both were originally released on audio cassette in the 1980s; they were released on CD in 2004, with accompanying books.

</doc>
<doc id="2870538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870538" title="Dennis Firestone">
Dennis Firestone

Dennis Firestone (born 22 July 1944 in Townsville, Australia) is a former CART driver from 1979 to 1987. He was the Rookie of the year in CART 1980 season finishing in 12th in season points, his best season. His best finish in a CART race was a pair of 5th places that year. He made 5 starts in the Indianapolis 500 with a best finish of 10th in 1981, his next best finish being a 12th in 1984. An accident at Indianapolis in 1987 resulted in a broken neck and ended his racing career. Since his driving days, he has run a California trucking company.

</doc>
<doc id="2870539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870539" title="Rachel Field">
Rachel Field

Rachel Lyman Field (1894–1942) was an American novelist, poet, and children's fiction writer. She is best known for the Newbery Award-winning "Hitty, Her First Hundred Years". Field also won a National Book Award, Newbery Honor award and two of her books are on the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award list.
Life.
Field was a descendant of David Dudley Field, the early New England clergyman and writer. She grew up in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
As a child, she contributed to the "St. Nicholas Magazine". She was educated at Radcliffe College.
According to Ruth Hill Viguers, Field was "fifteen when she first visited Maine and fell under the spell of its 'island-scattered coast'. "Calico Bush" still stands out as a near-perfect re-creation of people and place in a story of courage, understated and beautiful."
Field married Arthur S. Pederson in 1935, with whom she collaborated in 1937 on "To See Ourselves." In 1938 one of her plays was adapted for the British film "The Londonderry Air". She was also successful as an author of adult fiction, writing the bestsellers "Time Out of Mind" (1935), "All This and Heaven Too" (1938), and "And Now Tomorrow" (1942). They were adapted as films produced under their own titles in 1947, 1940, and 1944 respectively. Field also wrote the English lyrics for that version of Franz Schubert's "Ave Maria" used in the Disney film "Fantasia".
Field is famous, too, for her poem-turned-song "Something Told the Wild Geese". She also wrote a story about the nativity of Jesus, "All Through the Night". 
She moved to Hollywood, where she lived with her husband and two children.
Rachel Field died at the Good Samaritan Hospital on March 15, 1942, of pneumonia following an operation.
Awards.
"Hitty, Her First Hundred Years" received the Newbery Award in 1930, for the year's "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children."
The 1944 (posthumous) "Prayer for a Child", with a story by Field and illustrations by Elizabeth Orton Jones, won the Caldecott Medal recognizing the year's "most distinguished picture book for children" published in the U.S.
"Hitty" and "Prayer for a Child" were both named to the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award list of books deemed to belong "on the same bookshelf" with Carroll's "Alice". "Prayer for a Child" was one of the seventeen inaugural selections in 1958, which were originally published 1893 to 1957. "Hitty" was added in 1961.
"Time Out of Mind" won one of the inaugural National Book Awards as the Most Distinguished Novel of 1935, voted by the American Booksellers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="2870552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870552" title="Phrataphernes">
Phrataphernes

Phrataphernes (in Greek Φραταφέρνης; lived 4th century BC) was a Persian who held the government of Parthia and Hyrcania, under the king Darius III Codomannus, and joined that monarch with the contingents from the provinces subject to his rule, shortly before the battle of Gaugamela, 331 BC. He afterwards accompanied the king on his flight into Hyrcania, but, after the death of Darius, surrendered voluntarily to Alexander the Great, by whom he was kindly received, and appears to have been shortly after reinstated in his satrapy. At least he is termed by Arrian satrap of Parthia, during the advance of Alexander against Bessus, when he was detached by the king, together with Erigyius and Caranus to crush the revolt of Satibarzanes, in Aria (329 BC). He rejoined the king at Zariaspa, the following year. The next winter (328–327 BC), during the stay of Alexander at Nautaca, we find Phrataphernes again despatched to reduce the disobedient satrap of the Mardi and Tapuri, Autophradates, a service which he successfully performed, and brought the rebel a captive to the king, by whom he was subsequently put to death. He rejoined Alexander in India, shortly after the defeat of Porus; but seems to have again returned to his satrapy, from whence we find him sending his son Pharasmanes with a large train of camels and beasts of burthen, laden with provisions for the supply of the army during the toilsome march through Gedrosia.
From this time we hear no more of him until after the death of Alexander (323 BC). In the first division of the provinces consequent on that event, he retained his government; but it is probable that he died previously to the second partition at Triparadisus (321 BC), as on that occasion we find the satrapy of Parthia bestowed on Philip, who had been previously governor of Sogdiana.

</doc>
<doc id="2870572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870572" title="Lee Cornes">
Lee Cornes

Lee Cornes is an English television actor and writer.
Cornes appeared in three series of "Blackadder", in two episodes of "The Young Ones" and in the TV show "Bottom", as barman Dick Head. He made an appearance in the first episode of "Filthy, Rich & Catflap" as a binman. Appeared in the Comic Strip episode 'Slags'. Appearances on 'Saturday Night Live'. Cornes also starred in children's drama "Grange Hill" as Mr. Geoff Hankin (1990-2002); provided voices for characters in children's television series "TUGS", and featured in the "Doctor Who" story "Kinda" as the Trickster (1982). He also appeared in "Red Dwarf" as Paranoia in the series one episode "Confidence and Paranoia." He also appeared several times in the BBC Scotland sitcom Rab C. Nesbitt, once as a DSS Clerk and again as a barman in a highland pub. He appeared in the 2002 S Club Juniors video "One Step Closer." In November 2010 he appeared as 'Dave' in Episode 6 of E4 comedy "Phoneshop". He appeared as the Tooting Flasher in Matt Berry's Toast of London pilot. Appeared in 'Hustle'. Also appearances in 'French and Saunders', 'The Lenny Henry Show', 'The Detectives', 'After You've Gone', 'My Family'.
Stage appearances include Ken Campbell's 'The Warp' at the Liverpool Everyman, several roles at the Orange Tree Theatre, Richmond. Figaro at The Watford Palace Theatre, as well as pantomime roles. Co-writer and performer 'The WOW Show' at the Wyndham's Theatre. He toured Britain with "Neal from the Young Ones".
A stand up comedian since 1980, he was a regular compere at London's Comedy Store throughout the 1980s and won best Stand Up Comedian at the Charrington London Fringe Awards in 1987.
Cornes was one of the lead writers for "Mr Bean, The Animated Series", and a writer on "Cavegirl" and Channel 4's "Gophers!". He was a co-writer of Channel 4's animation series "The Bird", and writer/storyliner on "What's Up Doc?", a writer and performer on Thames TV's "After Hours" and joint writer on two series of "The WOW Show" on Radio 4. He has appeared in various children's television shows such as "My Parents are Aliens", "Bear Behaving Badly", "Jackanory".
In a 2010 interview in "The Times", Cornes was cited as one of fellow comedian Sean Lock's biggest comedic influences. Lock said: "He’s not very well known but he is my main influence — he used to compere at the Comedy Store. He’s the comedians’ comedian. He used to be very unpredictable, which is a great skill in a comedian, not knowing where to go next. He also used to play the physics teacher in Grange Hill." 

</doc>
<doc id="2870573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870573" title="List of Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from the United States Virgin Islands">
List of Delegates to the United States House of Representatives from the United States Virgin Islands

These are tables of non-voting delegates to the United States House of Representatives from the United States Virgin Islands. Delegates represent the United States Virgin Islands' At-large congressional district.

</doc>
<doc id="2870574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870574" title="All Hits">
All Hits

All Hits is the compilation album of the greatest hits of All Saints and also featured a song by Melanie Blatt and The Artful Dodger called "TwentyFourSeven".

</doc>
<doc id="2870578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870578" title="Green parakeet">
Green parakeet

The Green Parakeet ("Psittacara holochlora"), is a medium-sized parrot that is native to Central America, from Mexico south to northern Nicaragua. These birds have established self-sustaining populations in some cities in southeast Texas in the United States. It is unclear if the US population are feral released birds or may be some wild vagrants which have moved north from Mexico. The Green Parakeet is usually nonmigratory, but will move sometimes to take advantage of food supplies.
The Pacific Parakeet, formerly considered a distinct species, is now placed herein as a subspecies "Psittacara holochlora strenua".
The bird is 32 cm in length, and is mostly green in color. It also has a yellow beak. The bird feed on seeds, various fruits, and corn. It can sometimes be considered a crop pest. Wild birds primarily use scrub and swamp forests, woodlands, and forest clearings. The US population takes advantage of palm groves in the cities.
Green Parakeet pairs usually find holes in trees to nest in where it lays 3-4 eggs. It will also nest colonially on crevices in cliff faces. After the breeding season is completed, the birds will form large communal roosts.

</doc>
<doc id="2870581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870581" title="Rossiter–McLaughlin effect">
Rossiter–McLaughlin effect

The Rossiter–McLaughlin effect is a spectroscopic phenomenon observed when either an eclipsing binary's secondary star or an extrasolar planet is seen to transit across the face of the primary or parent star. As the main star rotates on its axis, one quadrant of its photosphere will be seen to be coming towards the viewer, and the other visible quadrant to be moving away. These motions produce blueshifts and redshifts, respectively, in the star's spectrum, usually observed as a broadening of the spectral lines. When the secondary star or planet transits the primary, it blocks part of the latter's disc, preventing some of the shifted light from reaching the observer. This causes the observed mean redshift of the primary star as a whole to vary from its normal value. As the transiting object moves across to the other side of the star's disc, the redshift anomaly will switch from being negative to being positive, or vice versa. This effect has been used to show that as many as 25% of hot Jupiters are orbiting in a retrograde direction with respect to their parent stars, strongly suggesting that dynamical interactions rather than planetary migration produce these objects.
History.
J. R. Holt in 1893 proposed a method to measure the stellar rotation of stars using radial velocity measurements, he predicted that when one star of an eclipsing binary eclipsed the other it would first cover the advancing blueshifted half and then the receding redshifted half. This motion would create a redshift of the eclipsed star’s spectrum followed by a blueshift, thus appearing as a change in the radial velocity in addition to that caused by the orbital motion of the eclipsed star.

</doc>
<doc id="2870582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870582" title="Punchcutting">
Punchcutting

In traditional typography, punchcutting is the craft of cutting letter punches in steel from which matrices were made in copper for type founding in the letterpress era. Cutting punches and casting type was the first step of traditional typesetting. The cutting of letter punches was a highly skilled craft requiring much patience and practice. Often the designer of the type would not be personally involved in the cutting.
The initial design for type would be two-dimensional, but a punch has depth, and the three-dimensional shape of the punch, as well as factors such as the angle and depth to which it was driven into the matrix, would affect the appearance of the type on the page. The angle of the side of the punch was particularly significant.
The punchcutter begins by transferring the outline of a letter design to one end of a steel bar. 
The outer shape of the punch could be cut directly, but the internal curves of a small punch were particularly difficult as it was necessary to cut deep enough and straight into the metal. While this can be done with cutting tools; a counterpunch, a type of punch used in the cutting of other punches, was often used to create the negative space in or around a glyph. 
A counterpunch could be used to create this negative space, not just where the space was completely enclosed by the letter, but in any concavity ("e.g." above and below the midbar in uppercase "H").
Of course, the counterpunch had to be harder than the punch itself. This was accomplished by heat tempering the counterpunch and softening the punch. Such a tool solved two issues, one technical and one aesthetic, that arose in punchcutting.
Often the same counterpunch could be used for several letters in a typeface. For example, the negative space inside an uppercase "P" and "R" is usually very similar, and with the use of a counterpunch, they could be nearly identical. Counterpunches were regularly used in this way to give typefaces a more consistent look. The counterpunch would be struck into the face of the punch. The outer form of the letter is then shaped using files. 
To test the punch, the punchcutter makes an imprint on a piece of paper after coating the punch with soot from an open flame. The soot left by the flame acts like ink to create an image on the paper (a smoke proof).
Once the punches are ready a mold could then be created from the punch by using the punch on a softer metal (such as copper) to create a matrix. Then, type metal, an alloy of lead, antimony, and tin, flows into the matrix to produce a single piece of type, ready for typesetting. 
One characteristic of type metal that makes it valuable for this use is that it expands as it cools, keeping the accurate dimensions of letters. This characteristic is shared by the bronze used to cast sculptures, but copper-based alloys generally have melting points that are too high to be convenient for typesetting. (Water, silicon and bismuth are other substances that expand on freezing.)

</doc>
<doc id="2870583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870583" title="Sonnenallee">
Sonnenallee

Sonnenallee ("Sun Avenue" or "Sun Alley") is a 1999 comedy film about life in East Berlin in the late 1970s. The movie was directed by Leander Haußmann. The film was released shortly before the corresponding novel, "Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee" ("At the Shorter End of Sonnenallee"). Both the book and the screenplay were written by Thomas Brussig and while they are based on the same characters and setting, differ in storyline significantly. Both the movie and the book emphasize the importance of pop-art and in particular, pop music, for the youth of East Berlin. The Sonnenallee is an actual street in Berlin that was intersected by the border between East and West during the time of the Berlin Wall, although it bears little resemblance to the film set. "Sonnenallee" was broadcast in the Czech Republic under the title "Eastie Boys".
Synopsis.
Michael (or 'Micha') is a 17-year-old growing up in communist East Germany (GDR) in the 1970s. He spends his time with his friends listening to banned pop music, partying and trying to win over the heart of Miriam, who is dating a West Berlin boy. Over the course of the movie his best friend Mario, falls for an existentialist, gets kicked out of school and subsequently discovers he is going to be a father. The closing of the movie upsets Micha's thus far idealistic life, as Mario sells out his ideals by signing up for military service to support his girlfriend and the child. Furthermore, his young blonde friend, Wuschel, is shot by a GDR guard, but survives, thanks to The Rolling Stones double album "Exile on Mainstreet" in which the bullet has lodged. The young boy is devastated, however, prominently displaying the importance of pop music in their lives.
Later, he gets a new copy by using the 50 West-German Mark that he gets from Miriam's ex-boyfriend when the latter causes him to crash his bike (accidentally).
The film ends with a crowd of East Berliners advancing on the Berlin Wall entry/exit gate and singing "The Letter" by Dynamo 5, led by Michael and Wuschel, who jump down from the balcony they were perched and seemingly move through to the Western side.
Controversy.
The film was considered by many to be a glorification of the GDR and was seen to be playing down certain aspects of life in the GDR. As a result, some reviews such as those in "Der Spiegel" criticized the movie. But many saw this criticism as far disproportionate and the film was well received by the majority of the viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="2870591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870591" title="Peter Beale">
Peter Beale

Peter Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders". Peter has been played by six actors since being introduced in 1993. Francis Brittin-Snell portrayed the role from 1993 to 1996, followed by Alex Stevens from 1997 to 1998 and Joseph Shade from 1998 to 2004. James Martin took over and played the role from 2004 to 2006. He was played by Thomas Law from 2006 until 2010 when the character departed the series. On 19 April 2013, it was announced that Peter would return, this time played by Ben Hardy who made his first appearance on 7 June 2013.
Storylines.
1993–2010.
Peter and his twin sister Lucy are born to Ian Beale (Adam Woodyatt) and Cindy Beale (Michelle Collins) on 9 December 1993. He is named after his paternal grandfather, Pete Beale (Peter Dean), who dies on the day of his birth. Peter is brought up by both his parents until 1996, when Cindy absconds with him and his half brother Steven following her failed attempt to have Ian killed by a hitman. Peter is taken to Italy, where Ian finds him in 1997 and takes him home without Cindy's consent. Cindy is given custody of all three children in 1998, but she is arrested directly after the court case for the attempted murder of Ian. She dies during childbirth in prison, but her baby, Cindy Williams, survives and is given to Cindy's sister Gina Williams (Nicola Cowper). Peter then grows up with various women acting as his stepmother, one of whom, Laura Beale (Hannah Waterman), provides Peter with another half brother, Bobby Beale (Alex Francis), in 2003. Peter is injured in a fair ground collapse in 2004 but is saved from the wreckage by Den Watts (Leslie Grantham) and Dennis Rickman (Nigel Harman). Ian meets his fourth wife, Jane Collins (Laurie Brett), at this fair.
In May 2007, Ian and Peter go camping with Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) and his son Ben Mitchell (Charlie Jones). On the drive home, Phil swerves the car to avoid a fallen tree; the car flips, crashes and rolls into a lake with Ben and Peter still inside. Ben is conscious however Peter is knocked out in the crash. As the car sinks and fills with water, Phil goes to rescue the boys; however, Peter's foot gets caught on a seatbelt, he passes out and nearly drowns, but is saved by CPR from Phil. A budding athlete, Peter's PE teacher tells Ian that Peter could compete in the 2012 Olympics. Keen for Peter to succeed in this, Ian begins to pressurise Peter to train hard, and is unhappy when Peter becomes distracted by his girlfriend Lauren Branning (Madeline Duggan), who Peter begins dating in December 2007. Lauren's father Max Branning (Jake Wood) is equally displeased, especially when he catches Peter and Lauren playing truant and drinking alcohol.
Peter ends his relationship with Lauren in October 2008 after Max orders him to. When Max sees Lauren and Peter together in the cafe, Peter tries to stand up to him, but in his anger Max grabs Peter and throttles him. Peter subsequently reveals to Lauren that her dad was behind their breakup, leading Lauren to attempt to kill Max. Peter later gives his evidence in court. He states that when Lauren left his house, she was upset and angry. When Lauren returns home (after the jury decide that she is not guilty for attempting to murder her father), Peter settles his differences with Max and declares his love for Lauren. Peter tries to look impressive by lying that he and Lauren have had sex in the allotments. Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) and Lucy quickly spread this rumor around school and Lauren breaks up with Peter. Max is furious to find out that Peter has said these things about Lauren and attempts to punch Peter. Peter and Lauren reconcile and Lauren tells Peter she is ready to have sex. However, Lauren's mother, Tanya Branning (Jo Joyner), finds the condoms Peter and Lauren are using for sex and Lauren's older brother Bradley Branning (Charlie Clements) overhears Peter talking about it. The next day, Lauren and Peter try to see each other without Max finding out, but fail to hide it. Peter tells Max that he loves Lauren and Max finally accepts it.
At a party, Peter meets Zsa Zsa Carter (Emer Kenny) and they end up kissing, which Lauren sees. Lauren slaps Peter, and also slaps Zsa Zsa, and they subsequently fight. After the party, Peter walks Zsa Zsa to her bus stop and wonders if he will see her again. She kisses him passionately, and says "maybe". Peter discovers Leon Small (Sam Attwater) slept with Lucy at the same time he was seeing Zsa Zsa, which leads to a violent confrontation where Peter's nose is bloodied. Leon tells Lucy off for Peter's intervention, and at Ian's birthday dinner Lucy flies into a rage and attacks Peter. Later, Peter discovers Lucy's abortion clinic letter and they have a heartfelt talk where Peter assures Lucy he is behind her, to which she responds positively. However, he does not support Lucy's decision to let Jane and Ian raise the baby, and later discovers that Lucy has lost the baby. He begins sending anonymous gifts to Zsa Zsa, but is discovered when Leon and his friend Fatboy (Ricky Norwood) try to find out who is sending them. Lucy plans to break up Leon and Zsa Zsa by exposing his affair, so tells Zsa Zsa about the baby. Zsa Zsa is disgusted and during a confrontation Leon announces that Lucy had an abortion, not a miscarriage. Peter is disgusted as he knows how much Jane wants a baby, he is shocked further when he discovers Ian knew.
Peter is annoyed when his father assumes Lucy will get better GCSE grades than him, and that Lucy did not put in any effort. Peter and Lucy both receive good grades, though Lucy's are exceptionally better. As the family celebrate, they are interrupted by the headteacher Mr Allcock (Bill Buckhurst) who says Lucy's results are inconsistent and there has been an allegation of cheating, and that the exam board will have to look at both Lucy and Peter's exam papers. However, Lucy admits to cheating and gets Peter out of trouble. When Jane realises that Lucy may have had an abortion, Peter confirms this. Lucy decides to move to Devon to avoid spending another year studying, while Jane secretly plans to leave Ian. At Billie Jackson's (Devon Anderson) birthday party, Peter offers to get Lauren a drink but she is not interested. Peter ends up kissing Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty). Whitney stays the night but later regrets it after Billie is found dead, as she believes she could have saved him if she had stayed at home. However, the fact that he slept with Whitney puts Peter in a very upbeat mood. Whitney later goes to Peter for comfort, and the couple begin a relationship. Peter quickly develops strong feelings for Whitney, and plans to ask her to marry him. However Jane persuades him to wait until Valentine's Day, explaining that Whitney might feel it's too soon.
At Peter's birthday party, Ian insults Whitney, calling her "a walking STD." This causes Peter to storm out. Peter is then left devastated when Whitney breaks up with him. He gets drunk without anyone knowing until he vomits on Glenda Mitchell (Glynis Barber). Jane is supportive and understanding towards Peter, but Ian is resentful which Peter says makes him sick. Peter then discovers Ian and Glenda's affair and he warns Glenda to keep her distance, which makes her believe that he was the person who pushed her down the stairs in her flat. Upset with Ian, Peter throws a brick through his chip shop window. Glenda tells Ian that Peter practically confessed to pushing her, and when Phil confronts Ben at a family gathering, Ian does not defend Peter. Later, Ian begs for forgiveness, saying he will tell Jane about the affair, but Peter just walks off. He packs a bag and leaves a card for Jane saying "I'm sorry". Unknown to everyone, the attacker is Ben Mitchell (Joshua Pascoe). He then goes to stay with Lucy in Devon. Ian later receives news that Peter and Lucy have been involved in a car crash and takes Bobby to visit them.
On her return, Lucy reveals that she fell out with Peter as he dated her friend, Leanne, in Devon.
2013–.
Peter returns to Walford after Ian invites him to the opening of his new restaurant and interrupts a row between him and Lucy. He learns that Ian's businesses and properties were transferred to Lucy when Ian was ill. Peter refuses to side with either of them, and when Ian tricks Lucy into signing everything back to him, Peter confronts Ian but forgives him. However, Lucy does not. Peter is shocked to discover that his half-sister Cindy Williams (Mimi Keene) has arrived, and wants her to go back to Devon because she knows something that happened there that he does not want anyone else to find out about. Peter later tells Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) that his friend Gaz died while they were out swimming in the sea. Peter urged Gaz to swim out further and Gaz struggled as the current carried him away. Peter did not tell Gaz's family the details of what happened, and this angers Lola. Ian reveals to a shocked Peter that he is lying about witnessing Max Branning (Jake Wood) tampering with the car that injured Carl White (Daniel Coonan) and Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden). Lucy discovers Ian's betrayal and decides to back her father, much to the disappointment of Peter, who vows to make Ian see sense, for the sake of Max's daughter Lauren, who is currently a recovering alcoholic. Later, Peter tries to bribe Carl to stop Ian going to court and testifying against Max, and this leads to Peter being beaten up by him. Peter confronts a man when he continues to give Lola unwanted attention. Lola firstly tells Peter not to get involved, but the pair later begin a relationship. Phil and Ian reluctantly accept this, and Peter moves in with Lola and her grandfather Billy Mitchell (Perry Fenwick), who is glad that Lola has finally found the right man.
In April 2014, Ian and Peter discover that Lucy has been sleeping with Lee Carter (Danny-Boy Hatchard) and has been taking cocaine. Peter overhears Ian telling Lucy that she is the child he is the most proud of. Peter then runs off and Lucy chases after him but does not find him. The next day Ian tries to make amends with Peter, at first he is having none of it, but he later agrees to got to a family meal at the Restaurant. He calls Lucy but she does not answer so he leaves her a message asking her to meet him in The Vic so they can go together. Lucy does not show up so Peter does not go to the meal and stays in The Vic to have a drink with Lauren and Lee. Ian angrily shows up at The Vic and yells at Peter. Peter argues back and Ian ends up being thrown out of The Vic after he insults Lee. Peter stays and continues to drink with his friends. Ian then later shows up, in a very upset state, and asks Peter to come outside. When they are outside Ian tells Peter that Lucy has been found dead, Ian hugs Peter and they fall to the ground in tears as he shouts in anger and upset. The advert that Eastender's released after Lucy's death shows Peter as a suspect, making him a potential "killer amongst them". After this he, along with the rest of the Beale family mourn Lucy's death. He is interviewed separately whereas Ian and Cindy are interviewed together. After an incident where Cindy reveals to the police Lucy had a long-term addiction to cocaine and picks up one of Lucy's jumpers, Ian throws her out and arranges for her aunt to pick her up away from Walford. However, he instantly regrets his decision and tries to get her back but Cindy tells him that it's too late. After grief-stricken sex with Ian, Jane leaves with Bobby, leaving only Peter left. He begins to seek comfort in Ex-girlfriend and Lucy's best friend Lauren Branning and pushes away current girlfriend Lola Pearce. After Lola sells an interview about Lucy to the local paper for £300, a furious Peter berates her and also insists that they take a break. He then moves out of Billy Mitchell's flat to look after Ian. Following the arrest of Jake Stone, Lauren turns to Peter for comfort regarding LB Lettings, saying that she cannot continue under the pressure but feels like she is letting Lucy down. Peter assures her she isn't and expresses his worries about not being able to get Ian through Lucy's death. Lauren tells him that Ian loves him and Peter kisses her but later apologizes.
Casting and development.
Peter was introduced in 1993 along with his twin sister Lucy, and was originally played by Francis Brittin-Snell as a baby and toddler from 1993 to 1996. In 1997, the role was given to Alex Stevens and he played Peter until 1998. Joseph Shade took over until 2004 and James Martin played him from 2004 until 2006. It was announced on 17 August 2006 that actor Thomas Law had been cast as Peter. Law said of the role: "I couldn't believe it when I heard that I got the part, I'm really excited as I am a big fan of "EastEnders"." He made his first appearance on 31 August 2006. He is described on the "EastEnders" website as being laid back, and Ian's "golden boy".
In 2007, Peter was part of a storyline which saw he and his father, as well as Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) and Ben Mitchell (Charlie Jones), involved in a car accident, when the Range Rover they were travelling in crashed into a lake. The scenes cost £1 million to produce, and external scenes were filmed in Surrey over four days, with underwater scenes being filmed in a specially designed stunt tank. The scenes aired on 18 May 2007. It was not known to viewers if Peter would survive at the time. Law praised the scenes, calling them "fantastic".
In November 2010, it was reported that Peter would leave "EastEnders" at the end of the year, with a possible, yet unconfirmed, return for 2011. In storylines, Peter is accused of pushing Glenda Mitchell down her stairs. Law felt that Peter would not be strong enough to do it and it would not be in his character, though he feels backed into a corner. Peter made his final appearance on 24 December 2010. When asked if he could return, Law said, "I don't know. They're leaving the door open. That's all I can tell you."
On 19 April 2013, it was reported that Peter was to return to the series, played by Ben Hardy. He said of his casting: "I'm really excited to be joining the fantastic cast of "EastEnders"—a show which my family have watched for years. I can't wait to step into the shoes of a character with so much history and am looking forward to getting stuck in." Executive producer Lorraine Newman said, "Ben's a wonderful addition to the "EastEnders" cast and I am sure he will be popular with the audience. Having Peter back in the Beale fold helps cement the next generation of the Beale clan, a family who exist at the true heart of the show. Ian's wonderful relationship with Denise and the inclusion of Lucy, Peter and Bobby in the household will reinvigorate the clan with vibrancy and energy. I am really looking forward to seeing them all together on screen."
Reception.
In May 2009, Executive producer Diederick Santer praised the younger cast of "EastEnders", including Law. Stuart Heritage from "The Guardian" expressed a dislike for Peter in April 2010, saying he should be written out, "before his increasingly spectacular haircut goes power mad and starts to colonise the entire set. Also, his voice has been breaking for what seems like seven full years, so he could probably use his new-found free time to consult a doctor or something."

</doc>
<doc id="2870594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870594" title="Ieng Thirith">
Ieng Thirith

Ieng Thirith (née Khieu; ; born 10 March 1932) was an influential figure in the Khmer Rouge, but was neither a member of the Khmer Rouge Standing Committee nor of the Central Committee. Ieng Thirith is the wife of Ieng Sary, who was minister of foreign affairs of Democratic Kampuchea's Khmer Rouge regime. She served as Minister of Social Affairs from October 1975 until the fall of the Khmer Rouge in 1979.
She is the sister of the late Khieu Ponnary (died in 2003), who was the first wife of Pol Pot. Thirith was the Minister of Social Action during the regime. She was arrested by the Extraordinary Chamber in the Courts of Cambodia (ECCC) in November 2007 with her husband, Ieng Sary as suspect of genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Early years.
Born Khieu Thirith in northwestern Cambodia's Battambang Province, she came from a relatively wealthy and privileged family, and was the second daughter of a Cambodian judge who abandoned the family during World War II, running off to Battambang with a Cambodian princess.
Thirith graduated from the Lycée Sisowath in Phnom Penh, and while still in Cambodia, she became engaged to Ieng Sary, who attended Lycée in the year above her. She went on to Paris with her sister where she studied English Literature majoring in Shakespeare at the Sorbonne. She became the first Cambodian to achieve a degree in English Literature. Thirith married Ieng Sary in the town hall of Paris' 15th arrondissement the summer of 1951 and took her husband's name, becoming Ieng Thirith. Her older sister, Khieu Ponnary, later became the wife of Pol Pot. Together the two sisters and their husbands later became known as 'Cambodia's Gang of Four', a reference to the radical group led by Jiang Qing (Chiang Ching) the widow of Mao Tse-tung.
Midlife.
She returned to her native Cambodia in 1957 and worked as a professor before founding a private English school in 1960. She was also a senior member of the Democratic Kampuchea (DK) regime. From 1975 to 1979 Thirith was Minister of Social Affairs and Action and Head of Democratic Kampuchea's Red Cross Society.
Later years.
Thirith lived with her husband, Ieng Sary, in a luxurious villa on Street 21, in southern Phnom Penh. Until her arrest, she was rarely seen in public.
By 2006, Ieng Thirith and her husband had retained foreign legal counsel to assist with their defence as the Cambodia Tribunal made progress with courtroom preparation and judge selection. She was arrested, along with ailing Ieng Sary, on November 12, 2007, at their home in Phnom Penh, after being indicted by the Cambodia Tribunal. She was arrested for crimes against humanity: "planning, direction, coordination and ordering of widespread purges ... and the unlawful killing or murder of staff members from within the Ministry of Social Affairs." On November 17, 2011, Thirith was ruled mentally unfit to stand trial, due to her severe case of Alzheimer's Disease, and was ordered to be released. Prosecutors have appealed against her release. On December 13, 2011, appeals judges reversed the ruling to release Thirith and ordered new medical exams to see how mentally fit she was to stand trial. In September 2012, the November 2011 ruling of her mental incompetence was put back into place, and she was released from prison.

</doc>
<doc id="2870603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870603" title="A.C. Monza Brianza 1912">
A.C. Monza Brianza 1912

Associazione Calcio Monza Brianza 1912 is an Italian football club based in Monza, Lombardy.
Founded in 1912, Monza currently plays in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione group A, having last been in Serie B in 2000. Monza spent the last few years in Serie C1 and Serie C2.
History.
Monza was founded on 1 September 1912. The club took the name of "Monza Foot-Ball Club" and adopted the blue and white colours.
It wasn't the merger of two clubs as commonly believed just because those teams "Pro Monza" and "Pro Italia" (both born in 1910) merged becoming the football section of a cycling team called "Veloce Club Monzese" which met Monza F.C. a couple of times always as winners.
The club's first win came on 15 September 1912 against "Juventus Italia" of Milan. The setting for the game was outside the town limits at Triante (Monza's west suburbs) commonly called "out doors", a pitch lent from the Township. There Monza F.C. played many friendly matches including the Colli's Cup. Monza won the Cup with a score of 3 to 2, defeating "Saronno F.C." in the final.
When at the end of 1912–13 season that football section abandoned the "V.C.M." for unknown reasons, they changed name in "Pro Monza" and asked "Monza F.C." for merging with them and another team called "Juventus" (the football team of a gymnic monzese association called "S.G.M. Forti e Liberi").
The merged club took the name of "Associazione Calcio Monza", or commonly known as "A.C. Monza".
A.C. Monza entered the Italian Football Federation (F.I.G.C.) and debuted in the league system in the Terza Categoria (the lower level) in the season 1913–14, where they won third place in their section. After changing pitch in 1914 they entered the upper level, the top Lombardy's league called Promozione, where they finished in 6th.
Monza had been promoted top division (Prima Categoria, first category) in 1919–20 after ending second the Promozione finals, top level they played up to 1922. Relegated in Division 2 because of important changes in F.I.G.C. championships, was promoted to Prima Divisione (Division 1) (second level of Italian championships) at the end of 1926/27. Challenged several times the top charts and failed promotion after entering Prima Divisione finals in 1934–35.
In the 1932/33 season, Monza adopted its current colours, red and white.
In 1949, Monza's president Giuseppe Borghi goes on a spending spree, bringing in twelve players of value. He also hired Annibale Frossi as manager, a member of the Italian squad during their victory at the 1936 Olympics. On 4 June 1951, a 1–0 victory allows their promotion to the Serie B and the supporters exploded with unrestrainable and passionate enthusiasm.
During the difficult championship of the 1954–55 season bursts a managing crisis that puts Monza in the hands of Claudio Sada, owner of the "A.C. Simmenthal" (Simmenthal was a famous Italian corned beef cannery). "A.C. Monza" merged with Simmenthal in 1956 becoming "A.S. Simmenthal Monza". In 1962 Monza celebrates fifty years of its existence, while two years after, on 28 May, the president of "Simmenthal Monza" leaves an official notice in which it announces the abandonment of the group as sponsor. On 8 July the mayor, Giovanni Centemero, asks Sada to stay and the president remains the guide for another year.
The sad summer of 1966 coincides with necessary rebuilding. The team is demoted to the Serie C after 19 years in the Serie B. The new players are younger, and with a fury of victories the team makes sure to regain promotion. In the final match against Como, the decisive game is played in Bergamo and Monza win on a goal by Maggioni. After one year they return to the Serie B.
In the 1969–70 season, Monza approached promotion to the Serie A under coach Gigi Radice. With two matches left, the biancorossi were within two points of promotion, behind Foggia, Catania and Varese. At the last game it was down to Varese and the "brianzoli". A loss to Taranto sealed Monza's fate. Monza is consoled only with the numbers: 11 wins at home, 15 total, with only one defeat standing between them and promotion. Goalkeeper Luciano Castellini was scored on only 7 times at home, with 19 goals against in the entire season.
In the 1972–73 season, a man who will become one of the more loved presidents of Monza, Giovanni Cappelletti, was hired. Cappelletti was a well-known industrial man and soccer player. A new era is born, led by Cappelletti and Italo Allodi, considered the prototype of the modern general manager. The field players are of high quality, but the mechanism jams in the demotion playoff. A trip to Bari ends in a 3 to 1 defeat on the last day, sentencing the Monza to the Serie C. Cappelletti does not throw in the towel and returns to lead the team again.
The Monza has played its first Italy's Cup of series C on 29 June 1974 to the "Porta Elisa" of Lucca, against Lecce. It ended 1 to 0 with a goal of Di Somma and the trophy comes delivered in the hands of the red and white captain Anzolin. The Monza twices win in the edition 1974/1975, defeating the Sorrento on 29 June 1975. The trophy was ended by the penalties. It finishes 4 to 3 with the final goal of Sanseverino. The following championship is one a real run wild. Monza wants to return in serie B and adjudicates the pass for the series B with five turns of advance payment. The look is turned to the final of the Anglo-Italian's Cup. Adversary is Wimbledon, a team which was renowned for its physicality, the Monza does not let to intimidate, and Casagrande firms the goal of the ko that worths the win of the prestigious trophy. A rematch of this final was played in a friendly in July 2013 at the Stadio Brianteo with Monza running out 3-0 winners over AFC Wimbledon. 
The 1976–77 season coincided with the first great illusion red and white. The Monza faced the B series with the label of "matriculation", but it very soon became one of the protagonists, to the par of blasonate formations like the Vicenza of Paolo Rossi and the Cagliari of Virdis. The defeat for 2 to 1 suffered in Modena preclude of a breath the play-off with Atalanta, Cagliari and Pescara. To the Monza the lean consolation of the score remains previously record (48 points) never caught up between the cadets. The Obstinate mister Alfredo Magni, reconfirmed to the guide, in the 1978/79 maintains the Monza in the high quarters of classifies; an incredible one "harakiri" to the "Sada" in the match against Lecce (0–1) prevents to the Monza the promotion directed in Serie A. Pescara trip up the Monza to the third party place and obtain the access at the final match on the neutral stadium of Bologna. The "abruzzesi", followed to Bologna by almost thirty thousand supporters, strike the biancorossi. It was the last time that Monza and his supporter cherish a dream called Serie A.
Season 1980–81 marked the advent of Valentino Giambelli that took over the presidency from Cappelletti. The Monza began badly and ended worse: an irreversible crisis will carry it straight in the abyss of series C. After only one year, Monza returns in the serie B. The Calcio Monza to the penultimate day guarantees the return between the cadets storming Trieste. On the wings of the promotion it comes confirmed in park bench mister Franco Fontana, but the 1982/83 season was a very hard championship with team like Milan and Lazio. The mathematical salvation only arrives to the last day with the 2 to 2 of Bologna. In the 1986/87 there is space for the champions of the future: Alessandro Costacurta and Pierluigi Casiraghi. With Piero Frosio like mister, the Monza finds the return in serie B in the 87/88. Brianzoli unstoppable: they center the promotion and they conquer also the third Italy's Cup of Serie C in the delirium of the "Sada" Palermo for 2 to 1. The end is also the last match played in the old stadium. The following year the Monza is moved in the newest Brianteo stadium.
In the season 2010–11 from Lega Pro Prima Divisione Monza was relegated in the play out to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, but rescued in place of Alessandria relegated for sports judgement. In the season 2011–12 it was relegated again to Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
New Owner.
In April 2013, the club was purchased by Anglo-Brazilian real estate magnate Anthony Armstrong Emery. The new President has stated that he wishes to use the Monza's connections to Formula One to increase the global profile of the club and aims for the team to play in Serie B in 24 months. He also plans to launch a new academy, the Telos Academy, in Monza and states he considers the business models of clubs like Udinese and Heerenveen, who are known for regularly selling players for a significant profit, as examples for Monza to follow. 
Divisional movements.
A.C. Monza was included before World War One in the Lombard championship of Promozione (second regional level)
Notable former players.
"This list of former players includes those who received international caps while playing for the team, made significant contributions to the team in terms of appearances or goals while playing for the team, or who made significant contributions to the sport either before they played for the team, or after they left. It is clearly not yet complete and all inclusive, and additions and refinements will continue to be made over time."

</doc>
<doc id="2870604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870604" title="Boyan Jovanovic">
Boyan Jovanovic

Boyan Jovanovic is a professor of economics at New York University.
Jovanovic, of Serbian descent, received his undergraduate education at the London School of Economics and his graduate training at the University of Chicago.
Boyan Jovanovic is a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="2870605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870605" title="Poetry of Mao Zedong">
Poetry of Mao Zedong

Mao Zedong (1893–1976), the first Chairman of the Communist Party of China and leader of the People's Republic of China for nearly 30 years, wrote poetry, starting in the 1920s, during the Red Army's epic retreat during the Long March of 1934-1936, and after coming to power in 1949. Although Mao was radical politically, he wrote in classical Chinese forms.
Overview.
Mao's poems are in the classical Chinese verse style, rather than the newer Modern Chinese poetry style. Though Mao may not be one of the best Chinese poets, his poems are generally considered well-written and of high literary quality.
As did most Chinese intellectuals of his generation, Mao received rigorous education in Chinese classical literature, and thus his skill in poetry is of little surprise. His style was deeply influenced by the "Three Lis" of the Tang Dynasty: poets Li Bai, Li Shangyin, and Li He. He is considered to be a romantic poet, in contrast to the realist poets represented by Du Fu.
Many of Mao's poems are frequently quoted in popular culture, literature and daily conversations. Some of his most well-known poems are "Changsha" (1925), "The Double Ninth" (1929.10), "Loushan Pass" (1935), "The Long March" (1935), "Snow" (1936.02), "The PLA Captures Nanjing" (1949.04), "Reply to Li Shuyi" (1957.05.11), and "Ode to the Plum Blossom" (1961.12).
Poems.
Mao's poems are usually published as a list of twenty poems.
Changsha (1925).
Informal Translation:
Changsha
at the pattern of Qinyuanchun
Alone I stand in the autumn cold
On the tip of Orange Island,
The Xiang flowing northward;
I see a thousand hills crimsoned through
By their serried woods deep-dyed,
And a hundred barges vying
Over crystal blue waters.
Eagles cleave the air,
Fish glide under the shallow water;
Under freezing skies a million creatures contend in freedom.
Brooding over this immensity,
I ask, on this bondless land
Who rules over man's destiny?
I was here with a throng of companions,
Vivid yet those crowded months and years.
Young we were, schoolmates,
At life's full flowering;
Filled with student enthusiasm
Boldly we cast all restraints aside.
Pointing to our mountains and rivers,
Setting people afire with our words,
We counted the mighty no more than muck.
Remember still
How, venturing midstream, we struck the waters
And the waves stayed the speeding boats?
Orange Island is an island in the middle of Xiang River, near Changsha, the capital of Hunan province. Mao attended Hunan First Normal University around 1912-1917.
Yellow Crane Tower (1927).
Yellow Crane Tower, a building at the bank of Yangtze River in Wuhan, is very famous in Chinese history and literary tradition. It is one of the Four Great Towers in China. Its fame mainly comes from a poem written by Cui Hao in early Tang Dynasty, part of which is :
"The yellow crane has long since gone away",
"All that here remains is Yellow Crane Tower".
"The yellow crane once gone does not return",
"White clouds drift slowly for a thousand years."
Mao later discussed the historical context of this poem's writing: "At that time (1927), the Great Revolution failed, I was very depressed and didn't know what to do, so I wrote this poem".
Jinggang Mountain (1928).
This poem was written in Jinggang Mountains, where Mao organized a Red Army to fight KMT forces after 1927. Jinggang Mountains is a mountain area at the border of Jiangxi province and Hunan province. It is there Mao began to experiment his theory of guerrilla war. He was quoted as:"When we can beat the enemy, we fight. When we can't beat them, we run".
Line 5: "From Huangyanggai roars the thunder of cannon", 
Huangyanggai is the place where the Red Army beat KMT army after a fierce battle.
The Warlords Clash (1929).
In 1929, Mao's Red Army left Jinggang Mountains and marched eastward to the western part of Fujian province and built their base there. 
Line 3-4:
"The warlords are clashing anew --"
"Yet another Millet Dream."
In 1929 Jiang Jieshi's KMT army began war with Feng Yuxiang and Yan Xishan's armies in north China. That's why Mao said "the warlords are clashing anew", and "Millet Dream" meant Jiang, Feng and Yan's ambitions were just dreams. And Mao thought he could take this opportunity to his advantage when most of KMT army went to fight elsewhere.
Line 5-6 : Ting River is a river in Fujian, both Longyan and Shanghang are cities in Fujian.
The Double Ninth (1929.10).
Double Ninth Festival, also called "Chongyang", is a Chinese holiday. By tradition on September 9 (Chinese Lunar Calendar) each year, Chinese people would climb to the peaks of nearby mountains, looking far away, thinking about their family members who are travelling in other places.
New Year's Day (1930.01).
Line 1: Ninghua, Qingliu, Guihua are all places in Fujian
Line 4: Wuyi Mountain is a mountain in Fujian.
On the Guangchang Road (1930.02).
Title: Guangchang is a city in Jiangxi, it was called the "North Gate" of CPC's Jiangxi Soviet.
Line 6: Gan River is a river flowing through Jiangxi.
Line 8: Ji'an is a city in Jiangxi.
March from Tingzhou to Changsha (1930.07).
Title: Tingzhou is a town in Longyan City, Fujian province, Changsha is the capital of Hunan province. At that time the Red Army tried to take Changsha, but they failed. Fujian is at the east, Hunan is at west, so Mao's army marched westward. 
Huang Gonglyue was an important military leader in the Red Army, he was killed a few years later in battle.
Against the First "Encirclement" Campaign (1931).
During 1931-1934 Jiang Jieshi's KMT government organized five so-called "Encirclement" campaigns on CPC's Jiangxi Soviet in Southeastern China. The first four all failed. Mao led the Red Army beating the first three campaigns, then he was relieved of leadership due to internal power struggles of the CPC. Zhou Enlai and Zhu De led the Red Army to beat the fourth campaign, but they failed the fifth time, and was forced to leave their base and began Long March.
Line 5: Zhang Huizan, the KMT general who led the first "Encirclement" Campaign. He was killed after being captured by the Red Army.
Line 10: Buzhou Mountain, a legendary mountain in Chinese forklore. It is said Buzhou Mountain was one of the four pillars supporting the sky. A giant called Gong Gong quarreled with the gods. He was very angry and banged his head against Buzhou Mountain. Buzhou Mountain was broken, thus the sky tilted and water poured from heaven, causing a huge flood on earth. Here Mao expressed his appreciation for Gong Gong's rebellious spirit.
Dabodi (1933).
Dabodi is the site of a battle which actually took place at the beginning of 1929. The background: at that time, Mao's Red Army had left Jinggang Mountains to look for a new base. Red Army was beaten several time by the pursuing KMT army. They used up all ammunitions and were starved. Then on the New Year of 1929 they fought a desperate fight in the snow at Dabodi, using stones and bare hands, and beat their enemy. Mao revisited this place several years later and wrote this poem.
Loushan Pass (1935).
This is a famous poem written during Long March. Loushan Pass is a place in Guizhou, where a fierce battle was fought.
Three Short Poems (1934-35).
This poem is also known as "the Three Songs." It is written as three poems with sixteen characters each. This poem was written sometime between 1934-35 during the Long March.
"Mountain".
"I whip my quick horse and don't dismount"
"and look back in wonder".
"The sky is three feet away.
"Mountain".
"The sea collapses and the river boils".
"Innumerable horses race"
"insanely into the peak of battle".
"Mountain". 
"Peaks pierce the green sky, unblunted.".
"The sky would fall"
"but for the columns of mountains".
The Long March (1935).
This poem was written toward the end of 1935 when the Long March was almost finished. In it Mao listed some places Red Army had travelled through. Five Ridges and Wumeng are both big mountains in southwestern China. Jinsha is actually another name for certain parts of Yangtze River. Dadu River is at the west part of Sichuan, here in a heroic fight, 22 volunteers carried out a suicide attack on the KMT garrison across the iron-chained Luding Bridge and saved the Red Army from being destroyed. The Min Mountains are a mountain range at the Sichuan-Gansu border area, is already close to the end of Long March's route. To get rid of the pursuing KMT army, the Red Army had to climb over its 13000 foot peak and many froze to death on it. 
The original poem written by Mao
Informal Translation:
The Long March 
at the patten of Qilu
The Red Army fears not the trials of the Long March,
Holding light ten thousand crags and torrents.
The Five Ridges wind like gentle ripples,
And the majestic Wumeng roll by, globules of clay.
Warm the steep cliffs lapped by the water of Jinsha,
Cold the iron chains spanning the Dadu River.
Min Mountain's thousand li of snow joyously crossed,
The three Armies march on, each face glowing.　
Actually, the Long March was done by three CPC armies separately. One was Mao's 1st Red Army from Jiangxi Soviet, another was Zhang Guotao's 4th Red Army from Hubei soviet, the third one was He Long's 2nd Red Army from west part of Hubei. Here, Mao was glad all three Red Armies were together.
Kunlun (1935.10).
The Kunlun Mountains are a mountain range on the upper reaches of the Hotan River in Xinjiang Province, Northwestern China. According to Chinese folklore they (or a different, mythological mythical Kunlun Mountain) were once the residence of a number of gods.
Mao added annotations to this poem, commenting "An ancient poet said, 'Three million dragons of white jade are fighting, their broken scales fly all over the sky. In this way he described the flying snow, but here I have used it to describe snowy mountains. In summer, when one climbs the Min Mountain, one looks out on far mountains that seem to dance and shine in dazzling whiteness. There was a saying among the people that years ago the Monkey King (Sun Hsing-che) passed by, all the mountains were on fire. But he borrowed a palm-leaf fan and quenched the flame and that is why the mountains froze and turned white."
Mount Liupan (1935.10).
"Mount Liupan" was written in late 1935 after the Red Army almost finished the famous Long March. Mount Liupan is a mountain in northwestern China. 
Line 3: "If we fail to reach the Great Wall we are not men,"
This famous quote of Mao inspires millions of tourists visiting the Great Wall each year.
Snow (1936.02).
This poem is almost certainly the most famous poem by Mao. It was written in 1936, but was not published until Mao went to Chongqing in 1945 to hold peace talks with Jiang Jieshi. He presented it to Liu Yazi, a poet whom Mao had met in Canton in the early 1920s and, like Mao, favored traditional Ci and Lu forms. It caused quite a stir among Chinese intellectuals for its frank presentation of Mao's ambition to unify and lead China.
In the first half Mao praised the grandeur beauty of northern China in the winter. The more interesting part is the second half, where Mao listed some of the greatest Emperors in China, include Qin Shihuang, the first Emperor of China; Han Wudi, the great Han emperor who defeated Huns; Tang Taizong(Li Shimin), the second Emperor of Tang Dynasty; Emperor Taizu of Song, the Emperor who started Song Dynasty; and Genghis Khan. Here Mao hints he aspires to be even greater than these emperors, quoting a line said to Liu Bei by Cao Cao that “the only heroes in the world are you and I.”
Original poem written by Mao
Translation:
Snow
On the Pattern of Qinyuanchun
February,1936
The PLA Captures Nanjing (1949.04).
In late April 1949, the communist PLA (People's Liberation Army) crossed Yangtze River and captured the capital of KMT government: Nanjing. Mao wrote this poem to celebrate this historical event. 
Line 1: "Over Zhong Mountain swept a storm, headlong,"
Zhong Mountain is a hill at the suburb of Nanjing.
Line 2: " Great River " means Yangtze River
Line 3-4: "The city, a tiger crouching, a dragon curling, outshining its ancient glory;"
Nanjing, a great city, had been the capital of six dynasties in Chinese history. Strategiests said this city was like a "crouching tiger", and a "curling dragon". Also can be in reference to Zhuge Liang's nickname of the crouching dragon.
Line 7: " And not ape Xiang Yu the conqueror seeking idle fame."
Xiang Yu is the hero who led the uprising that toppled the Qin Dynasty. After winning the war against the Qin dynasty, Xiang Yu fought against Liu Bang for the control of China. Xiang Xu was defeated and killed. His tragic story was immortalized in the famous Beijing Opera "Farewell My Concubine".
Reply to Mr. Liu Yazi (1950.10).
Poems, "For Mr. Liu Yazi," dated 1949 and October 1950. 
Line 1: "Crimson Land", similar to " Divine Land ", is another way Chinese people call their own country.
Line 5: "Yutian", a place in Xinjiang, here means far away places.

</doc>
<doc id="2870610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870610" title="Breathing (lens)">
Breathing (lens)

Breathing refers to the shifting of angle of view of a lens when changing the focus. Some (often higher quality) lenses are designed to lessen the degree this effect. Lens breathing does not prevent one from racking focus or following focus with this lens, but it lessens the desirability of any type of focus adjustment, since it noticeably changes the composition of the shot.
Not to be confused with the suction and expulsion of air from within the lens as its internal volume changes.

</doc>
<doc id="2870614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870614" title="Warren Sawkiw">
Warren Sawkiw

Warren Sawkiw played minor league baseball from 1990 to 1997. He started his career with class A Niagara Falls Rapids. He advanced as far as Triple A Syracuse Chiefs in 1995 before finishing his career in baseball with the Double A Birmingham Barons in 1997.
After his retirement from baseball as a player, Sawkiw joined TSN as a colour commentator on Montreal Expos games in and then Rogers Sportsnet as a studio analyst for the network's baseball coverage in . After long-time Blue Jays radio broadcaster Tom Cheek was unable to serve as the team's lead radio play-by-play announcer in 2005 due to health issues, Sawkiw joined Jerry Howarth as an analyst on Blue Jays radio broadcasts. Sawkiw continued working in this capacity through the 2006 season, with former Blue Jays catcher and Houston Astros broadcaster Alan Ashby replacing Sawkiw in the broadcast booth in . Sawkiw did Color Commentary for CBC's coverage of Baseball at the 2008 Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="2870616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870616" title="John Sarkander">
John Sarkander

Saint John Sarkander (Czech and Polish: "Jan Sarkander") (December 20, 1576 – March 17, 1620) was a Polish and Moravian priest.
Jan Sarkander was born into a Silesian (Bohemian-Polish) family, father Gregory Matthias Sarkander and mother Helena née Górecka of Kornicz (Kornitz), at Skoczów in Duchy of Teschen (Silesia).
He studied since 1597 at the University of Olomouc and then since 1600 at the Charles University in Prague, where he became doctor of philosophy. Later, he studied theology at University of Graz. He was ordained in 1609 and worked in Holešov from 1616.
In 1620, during the ongoing Bohemian Revolt, Sarkander was by Protestant Moravian Estates accused of betrayal and tortured in Olomouc prison, partially due to his refusal to divulge what was said in confession. Today the St. Jan Sarkander chapel stands on the place of his torture. The original torturing rack and Sarkander's gravestone are preserved here. Sarkander was canonized by Pope John Paul II during his visit to Olomouc in 1995.
Gallery.
Frescos in Chapel of Saint John Sarkander in Olomouc:

</doc>
<doc id="2870618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870618" title="Boy Called Twist">
Boy Called Twist

Boy Called Twist, is a 2004 film that tells the story of a Cape Town street kid, based on Dickens’ classic, "Oliver Twist". It was the first film directed by Timothy Greene. Fundraising for the film involved small donations from a thousand investors, leading to the longest Associate Producers listing in the history of cinema.
Plot.
Twist's mother dies in childbirth in the middle of nowhere. Fearing blame, the locals bury her in an unmarked grave and drop the baby at a rural orphanage, where he is named Twist.
Growing up in the dusty wastes of the Swartland, sold from orphanage into child labour on the farms, and later to a rural undertaker, Twist finally takes his fate into his own hands and escapes to Cape Town. Wide eyed at the wonders of the city, he falls in with Fagin - an ancient Ethiopian, Rastafarian, who runs a network of child thieves. His new friend Dodger teaches him the tricks of the trade, but the inexperienced Twist is caught trying to steal from Ebrahim Bassedien.
Although neither understand it, there is a strange affinity between this old man - who has lost his daughter - and the young boy who never knew his mother. Bassedien takes the little stroller in and for a moment it seems that the trauma is over - as the little boy encounters love for the first time in his short and brutal life.
Enter Monks - the only person who knows Twist’s true identity. He is paying Fagin to keep the little boy marginalised. If he ends up in jail or dead on the street, so much the better, for Monks stands to lose his inheritance if anybody ever discovers that Twist is Bassedien’s grandson.
The brutal gangster Bill Sykes, and his prostitute girlfriend, Nancy, steal Twist back for Fagin, and the struggle for a little boy’s soul begins in earnest.

</doc>
<doc id="2870621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870621" title="Air charter">
Air charter

Air charter is the business of renting an entire aircraft (i.e., chartering) as opposed to individual aircraft seats (i.e., purchasing a ticket through a traditional airline). While the airlines specialize in selling transportation by the seat, air charter companies focus on individual private aircraft and itineraries, urgent or time-sensitive cargo, air ambulance and any other form of ad hoc air transportation. These air charter companies offer a large variety of aircraft, such as helicopters and business jets. Charter jet categories include turbo props, light jets, mid-size jets, super mid size jets, heavy jets, and airliners.

</doc>
<doc id="2870623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870623" title="Kumbanad">
Kumbanad

Kumbanad is a place in koipuram panchayath Pathanamthitta district of Central Travancore area in Kerala state, in India. It is a part of Thiruvalla Taluk. It is situated on the (Thiruvalla-Pathanamthitta-Kumbazha Road — SH07). Kumbanad is one of the wealthiest settlement in India. It has also the highest number of Christian houses of worship in India, estimated to be over fifty, for an area of its size.
The nearest airport is Cochin International Airport and Trivandrum airport. The proposed rural Aranmula International Airport would be the closest airport upon completion, at 5 km away. An airport in central Travancore is an aspiration of millions of central Travancorians working all over the world who support the Government exchequer with much needed foreign currency. In central Travancore most of household depending on remittance of their sons and daughters from foreign destinations. Today they had to depend distant Nedumbassery or Triavandrum airports. Vested interested urban lobbies are delaying the airport with help of environmentalist and religious fundamentalists.
Pullad is 3 km from Kumbanad; now it’s almost to compile a twin town
Etymology.
"Kumbanad" is derived from two words in malayalam, "Kumbhi" and "Nadu", which together mean "the land of elephants". It is believed that many wild animals and elephants roamed about this place a hundred years ago.
History.
It is believed that several centuries before, Kumbanad was a prosperous village occupied by upper caste Hindus. The many fresh water tanks found in and around Kumbanad are attributed to that period. The community perished possibly by invading tribesmen and the land turned into a forest inhabited by wild animals and elephants.
Economy.
Remittance from NRIs is the primary source of income. The large number of ATMs and high bank density are also attributed to large bank deposits. As of 2009, the bank deposits for the Kumbanad-Pullad-Thiruvalla belt are estimated to be 5,400 Crore.
There are other small business and services that depend on the foreign remittance. Since most of the emigrants are young and middle aged, most of the settled population is old-aged. There are services and health care units that cater to their needs.
90% of the emigrants are from America,& Middle East.
Politics.
Kumbanad is part of Aranmula assembly segment and Adv. K. Sivadasan Nair -UDF/INC is the current MLA.
In Lok sabha, Kumbanad is represented by the sitting MP from Pathanamthitta, Mr. Anto Antony (Indian National Congress).
Ajitha Kumari (United Democratic Front) is the current Koipuram panchayat president.
Climate.
Kumbanad has a tropical climate. The region receives most of the rain from the South-West monsoon from June to August and the North-East monsoon during October and November. Although the summer is from March to May, it receives locally developed thundershowers in April and May.
Demographics.
Kumbanad is a Christian centre in Central Travancore Kerala. The famous Pentecostal Hebronpuram convention and Brethren Convention held here in the month January of every year. 
Pentecost's includes Indian Pentecostal Church of God, Assemblies of God, Church of God, The Pentecostal Mission, Born again (Christianity), Presbyterianism, Nondenominational Christianity, Baptists, Pentecostal Maranatha Gospel Church, various Independent Pentecostal's and Apostolic.
There are also Catholic and Syrian Orthodox communities in Kumbanad.
The population breakup for Koipuram panchayat, as per 'Census India'
1. Males: 12,823
2. Females: 14,266
3. Households: 6,615
Transport.
Kumbanad is connected to Pathanamthitta, Kozhencherry, Tiruvalla, Chengannur, Sabarimala, Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Guruvayoor, Tuticorin, Coimbatore, Salem, Velankanni, Hosur and Bangalore by private and government operated KSRTC buses. Kumbanad has been included in one of the new stations in the draft plan for the Tiruvalla - Sabarimala railway line.
T. K. Road ( Tiruvalla-Pathanamthitta-Kumbazha Road / SH - 07 ) connects Kumbanad to Thiruvalla, Manjadi, Kattode, Thottabhagom, Vallamkulam, Nellad, Eraviperoor, Pullad, Chettimukku, Maramon, Kozhencherry, Thekkemala, Nelikala, Elanthoor and Pathanamthitta. The Main Central Road from Thiruvalla connects to major towns/cities in Kerala. Muttumon connects Kumbanad to Kurianur, Mallapally, Vennikulam and towns in Kottayam district. The road from Kumbanad main kavala connects to Arrattupuzha via Kareelamukku, Othera, etc. and further on to Chengannur. Valathukara Canal can be seen on this route
Train Stations:
Airports:
Nearest Bus Stations :

</doc>
<doc id="2870641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870641" title="Miles D. White">
Miles D. White

Miles D. White (born 1955 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an American businessman. He currently serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Abbott Laboratories.
Biography.
Early life.
Miles White was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He holds two degrees from Stanford University, a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and an M.B.A..
Career.
He started his career as a consultant at McKinsey & Co.. He joined Abbott in 1984, serving there in management positions including senior vice president of diagnostic operations and executive vice president. He was elected to the Board of Directors in April 1998, to Chief Executive Officer in January 1999, and to Chairman of the Board in April 1999.
He sat on the Board of Directors of Motorola Solutions from October 1, 2005 to May 2009. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of McDonald's, Caterpillar Inc., Northwestern Memorial Hospital and MediSense. He also serves on the Board of Investors of Merrick Ventures. He is former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Economic Club of Chicago and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America. He is Chairman of the Civic Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago, an anti-labor union organization in Chicago.
He serves on the Board of Trustees of the Field Museum of Natural History, of which he is immediate past chair, and sits on the boards of the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, the Joffrey Ballet, and the Lyric Opera of Chicago. He sits on the Dean's Advisory Board at Kellogg School of Management and the Culver Educational Foundation, and is on the Board of Trustees of Northwestern University as well as the International Advisory Council of the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University. He also serves on the Advisory Council of the Stanford Graduate School of Business and the Stanford Advisory Council on Interdisciplinary Biosciences.
In 2007, he had the highest total compensation of all CEOs in the Chicago metropolitan area. While CEO of Abbott Laboratories in 2008, he earned a total compensation of $25,104,085, which included a base salary of $1,795,471, a cash bonus of $4,200,000, stocks granted of $7,499,925, and options granted of $10,757,796. He has been listed in Forbes' list of America's Most Powerful People and recognized as one of the world's 30 Best CEO's by "Barron's" and Executive of the Year by Scrip. In April 2011, White was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="2870646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870646" title="Pyruvate decarboxylase">
Pyruvate decarboxylase

Pyruvate decarboxylase is a homotetrameric enzyme () that catalyses the decarboxylation of pyruvic acid to acetaldehyde and carbon dioxide in the cytoplasm of prokaryotes, and in the mitochondria of eukaryotes. It is also called 2-oxo-acid carboxylase, alpha-ketoacid carboxylase, and pyruvic decarboxylase. In anaerobic conditions, this enzyme is part of the fermentation process that occurs in yeast, especially of the "Saccharomyces" genus, to produce ethanol by fermentation. Pyruvate decarboxylase starts this process by converting pyruvate into acetaldehyde and carbon dioxide. Pyruvate decarboxylase depends on cofactors thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) and magnesium. This enzyme should not be mistaken for the unrelated enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase, an oxidoreductase (), that catalyzes the oxidative decarboxylation of pyruvate to acetyl-CoA.
Yeast.
In yeast, pyruvate decarboxylase acts independently during anaerobic fermentation and releases the 2-carbon fragment as acetaldehyde plus carbon dioxide. Pyruvate decarboxylase creates the means of CO2 elimination, which the cell dispels. The enzyme is also means to create ethanol, which is used as an antibiotic to eliminate competing organisms. The enzyme is necessary to help the decarboxylation of alpha-keto acids because there is a build-up of negative charge that occurs on the carbonyl carbon atom in the transition state; therefore, the enzyme provides the suitable environment for TPP and the alpha-keto acid (pyruvate) to meet.
Structure.
Pyruvate decarboxylase occurs as a dimer of dimers with two active sites shared between the monomers of each dimer. The enzyme contains a beta-alpha-beta structure, yielding parallel beta-sheets. It contains 563 residue subunits in each dimer; the enzyme has strong intermonomer attractions, but the dimers loosely interact to form a loose tetramer.
Active site residues.
This enzyme is a homotetramer, and therefore has four active sites. The active sites are inside a cavity in the core of the enzyme where hydrogen bonding can occur and where the pyruvate reacts with TPP. Each active site has 20 amino acids, including the acidic Glu-477 (contributes to the stability of the TPP ring) and Glu-51 (aids in cofactor binding). These Glutamates also contribute to forming the TPP ylid, acting as proton donators to the TPP aminopyrimidine ring. The microenvironment around this Glu 477 is very nonpolar, contributing to a higher than normal pKa (normal Glu and Asp pKa's are around 4.6 in small proteins).
The lipophilic residues Ile-476, Ile-480 and Pro-26 contribute to the nonpolarity of the area around Glu-477. The only other negatively charged residue apart from TPP coenzyme is the Asp-28, which also aids in increasing the pKa of Glu-477. Thus, the environment of the enzyme must allow for the protonation of the gamma-carboxyl group of Glu-477 to be around pH 6.
The aminopyrimidine ring on TPP acts as a base, once in its imine form, to pull off the C2 proton from TPP to form the nucleophile ylide. This must occur because the enzyme has no basic side chains present to deprotonate the TPP C2. A mutation at the active site involving these Glu can result in the inefficiency or inactivity of the enzyme. This inactivity has been proven in experiments in which either the N1' and/or 4'-amino groups are missing. In NMR analysis, it has been determined that when TPP is bound to the enzyme along with the substate-analog pyruvamide, the rate of ylid formation is greater than the normal enzyme rate. Also, the rate of mutation of Glu 51 to Gln reduces this rate significantly.
Also included are Asp-444 and Asp-28 which stabilize the active site. These act as stabilizers for the Mg2+ ion that is present in each active site. To ensure that only pyruvate binds, two Cys-221 (more than 20 Ångstroms away from each site) and His-92 trigger a conformational change which inhibits or activates the enzyme depending on the substrate that interacts with it. If the substrate bound in the active site is pyruvate, then the enzyme is activated by a conformational change in this regulatory site. The conformational change involves a 1,2 nucleophilic addition. This reaction, the formation of a thioketal, transforms the enzyme from its inactive to active state.
Inhibition of the site is done by a XC6H4CH=CHCOCOOH class of inhibitors/substrate analogues, as well as by the product of decarboxylation from such compounds as cinnamaldehydes. Other potential nucleophilic sites for the inhibitor include Cys-152, Asp-28, His-114, His-115, and Gln-477.
The normal catalytic rate of pyruvate decarboxylase is kcat = 10 s−1. However, the rate of the enzyme with a Glu-51 mutation to Gln is 1.7 s−1.
TPP prosthetic group.
The cofactor TPP, C12 H18 N4 O7 P2 S, is needed for this reaction's mechanism; it acts as the prosthetic group to the enzyme. The carbon atom between the sulfur and nitrogen atoms on thiazole ring act as carbanion which binds to the pyruvate.
TPP has an acidic H+ on its C2 that acts as the functional part of the thiazolium ring; the ring acts as an "electron sink", enabling the carbanion electrons to be stabilized by resonance. The TPP can then act as a nucleophile with the loss of this C2 hydrogen, forming the ylide form of TPP. This ylide can then attack pyruvate, which is held by the enzyme pyruvate decarboxylase. During the decarboxylation of pyruvate, the TPP stabilizes the carbanion intermediates as an electrophile by noncovalent bonds. Specifically, the pyridyl nitrogen N1' and the 4'-amino group of TPP are essential for the catalytic function of the enzyme-TDP complex.
Mechanism.
The enzyme splits pyruvate into carbon dioxide and a 2-carbon fragment which is attached to its cofactor TPP. This 2-carbon fragment is attached to the five membered TPP ring in its ylid form.

</doc>
<doc id="2870651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870651" title="Telstar Ponies">
Telstar Ponies

Telstar Ponies are a rock band formed in Glasgow, Scotland in 1994. They were signed to Fire Records. Their musical style varies considerably but displays obvious influences from Krautrock, folk (especially latterly), and experimental noise.
History.
They were formed in 1994 by David Keenan on leaving 18 Wheeler. The original line-up included drummer Neil Grant as well as Sushil K Dade (ex-Soup Dragons, BMX Bandits, later of Future Pilot A.K.A.) on bass and John Hogarty (ex-BMX Bandits, later of National Park on guitar. Grant was replaced on drums by Brendan O'Hare (ex-Teenage Fanclub) in time for the recording of their first single "Maps and Starcharts". By the time this single was released Dade and Hogarty had been replaced by Gavin Laird and Rachel Devine. This line-up recorded two albums, "In The Space Of A Few Minutes" and "Voices From The New Music", adding Richard Youngs to the line-up for the latter. They split up in 1997 following the departures of both O'Hare and Laird, who formed Macrocosmica. 
They reformed minus O'Hare in 1999. A third album was recorded, mixed by Christoph Heemann and Andrew Chalk, but was never released. The band's current status is described as being on "long term sabbatical" by Devine, Laird and Prior, who have formed The Porch Song Anthology in the meantime. Keenan plays with Taurpis Tula and Tight Meat Duo, curates the Subcurrent music festival and runs Volcanic Tongue, a shop, label and distributor specialising in outsider musics.
Members.
First line-up
Second line-up
Reformation line-up

</doc>
<doc id="2870654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870654" title="Norwegian Internet Exchange">
Norwegian Internet Exchange

The Norwegian Internet Exchange or NIX is an Internet exchange point in Oslo, Norway. NIX is owned and operated by the Centre for Information Technology Services (USIT), University of Oslo, and has two physical locations in the Oslo area. Some 60 companies are connected to the NIX, including most ISPs operating in Norway and the two largest Norwegian TV companies, NRK and TV2.
Controversy.
In June 2007 Telenor announced that it would withdraw from NIX. It would allow other Internet service providers to directly peer with Telenor, but wants to be able to charge content providers, like NRK or Schibsted, for prioritised access to their network. The Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority stated they would look at the legality of this move, but concluded that the withdrawal from NIX would not negatively affect the Norwegian Internet infrastructure.
In July 2007 NextGentel supported Telenor in its choice to withdraw from NIX. At the same time The Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority stated that the change will not hurt many-to-many communication and that companies like Telenor and NextGentel should be able to decide prices themselves, based on usage.

</doc>
<doc id="2870655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870655" title="Faking the Books">
Faking the Books


</doc>
<doc id="2870657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870657" title="Harro Schulze-Boysen">
Harro Schulze-Boysen

Heinz Harro Max Wilhelm Georg Schulze-Boysen (2 September 1909 – 22 December 1942) was a German officer, commentator, and German Resistance fighter against German dictator Adolf Hitler's Nazi régime.
Early life.
Schulze-Boysen was born in Kiel as the son of decorated naval officer Erich Edgar Schulze. His mother was Marie Luise (née Boysen). On his father's side, he also counted Grand Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz among his kin. He had a sister, Helga (born 1910) and brother, Hartmut (born 1922). 
He spent his youth in Duisburg. In 1923, when he was 14, he found himself in the middle of the occupation of the Ruhr by French and Belgian troops. Schulze-Boysen's participation in the struggle against the occupiers brought about his swift arrest by the French.
Political activities.
In 1928, he joined the "Jungdeutscher Orden", a youth organization in the Weimar Republic and the "Studentenverbindung" Albingia. He studied law in Freiburg (Baden-Württemberg), and Berlin, without finishing. In 1930, he supported an intellectual-nationalistic group called the "Volksnationale Reichsvereinigung" ("People's National Imperial Union"), had contacts with the French magazine "Plans" in 1931, which sought the establishment of a Europe-wide collective economic system. The same year, he published the left-liberal "Der Gegner" founded by Franz Jung and modelled on "Plans". Although he was leaning towards the political left, he maintained his contacts with nationalistic circles.
In 1932, he organized the "Treffen der revolutionären Jugend Europas" ("Meeting of Europe's Revolutionary Youth"), with over a hundred participants. He also advocated the abolition of the capitalist system, and the liquidation of the "Diktat" of Versailles.
In April 1933, the offices of "Der Gegner" were destroyed by Brown Shirt thugs, and Schulze-Boysen was roughed up, had crooked crosses scratched in his skin, and was held in confinement for several days. He was released after his parents intervened. In May 1933 he began pilot training at Warnemünde and from 1934 he was working in the communications department of the Reich Air Transport Ministry ("Reichsluftfahrtministerium") in Berlin.
Resistance activities.
Beginning in 1935, he gathered around himself a circle of left-leaning anti-fascists, among them artists, pacifists, and Communists. The circle published anti-fascist writings. In 1936, he married Libertas Haas-Heye, a press officer for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, who likewise joined the resistance group. In 1936, Schulze-Boysen made contact with Arvid Harnack and his circle, and also with the Communists Hilde and Hans Coppi. From these meetings arose what the Gestapo called the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle") group.
In 1940-1941, the group was in wireless contact with Soviet agents, and was thereby trying to thwart the forthcoming German aggression upon the Soviet Union. (As a first lieutenant on the Luftwaffe Leadership Staff, Schulze-Boysen had access to secret documents.)
Arrest and death.
In July 1942, the Decryption Department of the "Oberkommando des Heeres" managed to decode the group's radio messages, and the Gestapo pounced. On 31 August, Harro and Libertas Schulze-Boysen were arrested. They were sentenced to death on 19 December and executed three days later at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin. Their bodies were released to Hermann Stieve, an anatomist at what is now Humboldt University, to be dissected for research. Their final resting place is not known.
Memorials.
In the Berlin borough of Lichtenberg in 1972, a street is named after the Schulze-Boysens (see link below). There are stolpersteine for them in the Dellviertel quarter of Duisburg, at Karl-Lehr-Straße 9.
In the picture at right appear the following lines:

</doc>
<doc id="2870659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870659" title="A Captive in the Land">
A Captive in the Land

A Captive in the Land is a 1991 film based on a novel by James Aldridge, starring Sam Waterston as Royce, Aleksandr Potapov as Averyanov, and Keir Giles as Squadron Leader Cook. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival. Directed by John Berry. Screenplay by Lee Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="2870660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870660" title="Cumberland County Schools">
Cumberland County Schools

Cumberland County Schools (CCS) is a school district encompassing the entirety of Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States.
Cumberland County Schools' headquarters are located in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Cumberland County Schools has schools located in all cities and towns of Cumberland County. CCS operates a total of 85 schools, 53 elementary schools, 15 middle schools, 14 high schools, 1 year round classical, 1 evening academy, 1 web academy and 2 special schools.
Cumberland County Schools is the 4th largest school system in the state and 78 in the country.
Total operating budget.
Cumberland County Schools is broken into 10 attendance areas, although as a "school of choice", school system, students may attend any school in a district that offers them program, so long as they have transportation to and from school if they live out of the district which is usually the case and are approved through an application process. Students from Hope Mills may attend Grays Creek High School, even if they live in the South View High School District, so long as they get a ride to school.)
Attendance Area 1.
Attendance Area 1 is located in Northern Cumberland County, traditionally containing a few of the wealthiest people in Cumberland County, as well as the very low-income towns of Spring Lake and Linden.
Attendance Area 2.
Attendance Area 2 is located in west Cumberland County, containing mainly median income families. This area also contains the Cumberland townships of Fenix and 71st.
Attendance Area 3.
Attendance Area 3 is located in Hope Mills, receiving median to high wealth income students from southern Fayetteville and northern Hope Mills.
Attendance Area 4.
Attendance Area 4 is located in Hope Mills receiving low to median wealth students. This area consists of Central and Southern Hope Mills as well as the parts of Parkton that lie in Cumberland County.
Attendance Area 5.
Attendance Area 5 is located in Central Cumberland County, receiving median income students. This area consists of Massey Hill, Owens, Bordeaux, Lafayette Village, Montclair, Ashton Forest and Evergreen Estates.
Attendance Area 6.
Attendance Area 6 located east of the Cape Fear River and downtown Fayetteville. This area receives students in all income classes. This is the largest attendance area in Cumberland County, but not the one with the most students.
Attendance Area 7.
Attendance Area 7 is located in Gray's Creek NC in southern Cumberland County. This area consists of a mix of low income and high income students.
Attendance Area 8.
Attendance Area 8 is located just south of Fort Bragg North Carolina. 
Attendance Area 9.
Attendance Area 9 is located just west of downtown Fayetteville. 
Attendance Area 10.
Attendance Area 10 is located in the college area of Fayetteville. 

</doc>
<doc id="2870663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870663" title="Provost (martial arts)">
Provost (martial arts)

In the London-based "Corporation of Masters of the Noble Science of Defence", or "Company of Masters", Provost was the third of four ranks, the others being Scholar, Free Scholar, and Master. A Free Scholar could not be accredited as a Provost until they have studied under a registered Master for seven years (though this time requirement was occasionally shortened). Acquiring the rank of Provost required a grueling Prize Playing with a variety of swords and other weapons, followed by a formal oath. Provosts were allowed to accept students and open their own fighting schools.
Provost is also used as a rank in the Association for Renaissance Martial Arts, which bases its ranking system on that of the London Company of Masters..

</doc>
<doc id="2870670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870670" title="Cylob">
Cylob

Cylob is the alias of UK electronic musician Chris Jeffs. A trombone player in his youth, he progressed to experimenting with electronic music and recording in his late teens.
Career.
At first inspired by early 1980s synth-pop, old-school hip-hop and electro, and dance pioneers Art Of Noise, 808 State and LFO, Chris gave a demo tape to Aphex Twin at a gig in early 1993, subsequently signing to his Rephlex label a short time after.
Since his debut, he has released 13 singles and 5 albums on Rephlex, in addition to the EP "Spider Report" for Breakin' Records.
Then followed the harsh dancefloor sonics of "Cylob's Latest Effort" and "Lobster Tracks" (with its Chris Cunningham-illustrated sleeve), pop pastiche with "Living In The 1980s", meditative bells and gongs on "Mood Bells" and the electronic funk and braindance of "CMS 3000" Volumes 1 & 2.
Although Cylob's music is predominantly instrumental, his most well known tracks have been the underground hits "Rewind" and "Cut The Midrange, Drop The Bass" which pioneered computer-generated rapping and singing on top of signature Cylob beats. A video to "Rewind" directed by Mark Adcock and featuring martial artist Chloe Bruce saw a fair amount of MTV airplay on its release in 1999.
Since 1998, Cylob has worked on his own software for creating music, the Cylob Music System.

</doc>
<doc id="2870671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870671" title="Klášterec">
Klášterec

Klášterec (means "little monastery") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2870672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870672" title="Aiskew">
Aiskew

Aiskew is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. The village is situated to the immediate north-east of Bedale. It was known as Echescol in the "Domesday Book". Due to expansion of Aiskew and Bedale, the two have essentially merged, the defining line being Bedale Beck.
The civil parish of Aiskew includes the village and neighbouring Leeming Bar and is divided by the A1.

</doc>
<doc id="2870673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870673" title="Novara Calcio">
Novara Calcio

Novara Calcio is an Italian football club based in Novara, Piedmont.
History.
In December 1908 the "F.A.S. (Football Association Studenti)" was created by eight students of "Liceo Carlo Alberto", aged between 15–16 years; among them an engineer, Gianni Canestrini, and a lawyer, Piero Zorini. In Novara in those days, there were other small clubs like "Voluntas", "Pro Scalon", "Ginnastica e Scherma", "Forza & Speranza", "Collegio Gallarini" and many other student bodies. The best players from these teams came together to form "Novara Calcio", and made their debut in the Italian league on 3 November 1912.
The first match was played against a team already then established as Torino, who won 2–1, with the first Novara goal scored by Mario Menendez. 
In the years between World War I and World War II, Novara merged with Pro Vercelli, Alessandria and Casale to make the so-called ""quadrilatero piemontese" (Piedmont Quadrilateral)". Novara's highest finish came in 1952 when they finished in eighth place in Serie A. 
During these years of staying in the top flight, Novara had Silvio Piola to thank. His many goals (which at the end of his career was over 300), made a huge contribution to the cause of Novara. Following his death in 1996, the stadium at which Novara play was dedicated in his name.
In 1956 came relegation to Serie B, and another five years afterwards, they slipped down to Serie C due to a fraudulent complaint by a Sambenedettese player.
A few successful seasons in Serie B followed, but then Novara stumbled again in 1977 with relegation to Serie C and worse in 1981 to Serie C2. In the 1995–96 season, Novara were back in Serie C1, but this joy was short-lived as the following year, the "biancoazzurri" again had to deal with relegation. 
Years were spent in the shadows of Italian football until more recently when the league was won in the 2002–03 season.
From Lega Pro Prima Divisione to Serie A.
Consolidation in Serie C1 followed, later becoming Lega Pro Prima Divisione, until the 
historic promotion of the 2009–10 season where the club returned to Serie B after 33 years.
In June 12, 2011, Novara remarkably secured its promotion to Serie A after an absence of 55 years, by defeating Padova in the play-off final. Both consecutive promotions were achieved under the tenure of head coach Attilio Tesser, who was confirmed as Novara boss also for the following 2011–12 top flight campaign.
2011-12 Serie A.
On 20 September 2011, the first home game in Serie A for 55 years, Novara recorded a historic 3-1 victory over the World Champions of Inter. 
This remarkable feat however turned to be just occasional, and Novara managed to win only one more game until end-January, when manager Attilio Tesser was before replaced with veteran coach Emiliano Mondonico and after a month recalled in a vain desperate attempt from the ownership to save the club from relegation. In fact in this season the club was immediately relegated again to Serie B.
The decision of the club to sign Greek footballer Giorgos Katidis has caused world wide rejection. Katidis was banned for life from the Greek league after he showed the nazi "Sieg Heil" salute on the field. 
Novara finished Serie B as 5th in 2012-13 season but was eliminated by Empoli in promotion play-offs. But next season was terrible for Novara. The club finished 19th in Serie B and lost play-out aganist Varese with 4-2 aggregate. Thus Novara relegated to Serie C.

</doc>
<doc id="2870675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870675" title="Breakfast News">
Breakfast News

Breakfast News is a breakfast news show which first aired on BBC1 on 2 October 1989. The programme was previously known as "Breakfast Time". It was planned to launch on 4 September 1989 and again on 18 September but was held back due to technical issues with its new studio 
The programme went through three main visual changes. The initial look lasted from launch in 4 September 1989 to 12 April 1993. The 13 April 1993 revamp saw the programme presented from the same set as the One, Six and Nine O'Clock News bulletins. A further and final revamp took place in June 1997 when 'BBC' was shorn from its title, and on-screen it became known as simply "Breakfast News". It was during this final period that the tone began to shift, with the return of a sofa set, alongside more features, and more interaction between the presenting team.
The final edition of "Breakfast News" aired on 15 September 2000, and on 2 October 2000 it relaunched as "BBC Breakfast".
BBC Breakfast News only aired from Mondays to Fridays with no weekend editions compared to their ITV counterparts TV-AM and later GMTV who were on the air seven days a week. However in the autumn of 1991 the BBC launched a short 5 minute Breakfast News summary at 7:25am to commence their Saturday schedule. The bulletin was not presented from the Breakfast News set, but from the main BBC News set based in the newsroom. On Sundays a short morning bulletin would air at around 9:00am, which would later be incorporated into the Breakfast with Frost programme which launched in January 1993. 
Business Breakfast.
"Business Breakfast" was a daily Business news programme which aired between 6:00am and 7:00am, directly preceding "Breakfast News". Initially the programme aired as part of Breakfast News broadcasting between 6.34am and 6.55am but at the start of 1993 it became a programme in its own right, running from 6:00am until 7:00am.
Breakfast News Extra.
"Breakfast News Extra" launched in early 1996, as an attempt to compete against Lorraine Kelly on GMTV. The programme was presented from the "Breakfast News" office, on a blue sofa, and hosted by Juliet Morris. It was short-lived, and was axed in the summer of 1997. By this stage the main BBC Breakfast News had undergone a dramatic visual revamp with a new studio set which included sofas alongside the main presentation desk.

</doc>
<doc id="2870683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870683" title="Baruni">
Baruni

Baruni is a Croatian pop band originating from Zagreb. The group was formed in 1991. Name "Baruni" (Croatian for "Barons") was given to them by Tomislav Ivčić. The group was previously signed to Croatia Records, but is currently working with rival Hit Records. They release their albums through in Bosnia through the label Hayat Production. They have been participated in the Croatian Radio Festival seven times and in the Etnofest Neum festival twice.

</doc>
<doc id="2870687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870687" title="Daly Building">
Daly Building

The Daly Building was an historic department store and office building in Ottawa, Canada, that was demolished with much controversy in 1991–92.
The building, designed by Moses Chamberlain Edey, opened as the T. Lindsay department store on June 21, 1905 and was Ottawa's first department store. It was located at the prominent intersection of Rideau Street and Sussex Drive. The building was the only Chicago Style structure built in Ottawa, and one of the few such buildings erected in Canada. Later owned by A.E. Rae & Co, it was expanded at the north end and two additional stories were added in 1913. H.J. Daly acquired the building in 1915.
The Daly Building became a government office building in 1921 and served this role for many decades. Owned by the National Capital Commission (NCC), they had the cornice removed in 1964 after stone fell from it killing a pedestrian on the street below. The building was left unrenovated. In 1978 it was abandoned as unsuitable for office work. During the 1980s, the NCC tried to find a company that would restore the building, and in 1987 a Montreal firm was given a $45 million contract to restore the structure. However, when the building was examined it was found that portions were structurally unsound, and if it were to be restored large sections would have to be wholly rebuilt. Further studies found that if left alone the building posed a danger to the public, and could collapse under winter snow. 
The developers did not have the funds to do such an extensive project, and in a controversial decision the NCC chose not to look for a new partner and in September 1991 authorized the destruction of the building. This was the first designated heritage building destroyed in the city since the heritage guidelines were introduced in 1982. It was a hugely controversial decision in Ottawa, that drew much criticism of the NCC both for the years of neglect that let the building decline and for the final decision to demolish it. It was demolished piecemeal circa October 1991-March 1992.
The Daly Building site remained vacant for more than a decade. There was much discussion of what would be built there; some advocated a park, and for a time there was a scheme to build a national aquarium on the site. Eventually the NCC leased the site to a developer who erected an 11-storey luxury apartment building, which opened in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="2870697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870697" title="Bisulfite">
Bisulfite

Bisulfite ion (IUPAC-recommended nomenclature: hydrogen sulfite) is the ion HSO3−. Salts containing the HSO3− ion are termed bisulfites also known as sulfite lyes. For example, sodium bisulfite is NaHSO3.
Structure.
Some evidence may suggest that the proton in bisulfite ion is located on sulfur, giving rise to "C"3v symmetry. There is, however, some evidence from 17O NMR spectroscopy to suggest that two tautomeric forms of HSO3− exist in dynamic equilibrium, one having "C"3v symmetry (protonated at sulfur) and other "C"s symmetry (protonated at oxygen). The "C"3v structure is supported by X-ray crystallography and, in aqueous solution, by Raman spectroscopy (ν(S–H) = 2500 cm−1).
Reactions.
Bisulfite salts are typically prepared by treatment of alkaline solutions with excess sulfur dioxide:
HSO3− is the conjugate base of sulfurous acid, H2SO3:
Sulfurous acid is not an isolable compound and does not appear to exist in solution either. An equilibrium that is much more consistent with spectroscopic evidence is given :
HSO3− is a weak acidic species with a p"K"a of 6.97. Its conjugate base is the sulfite ion, SO32−:
Bisulfites are reducing agents, as are all sulfites and sulfur dioxide, which contains sulfur in the same oxidation state (+4).
Medicine.
Bisulfite salts are common additives to the drug epinephrine in order to prevent its oxidation to adrenochrome and resulting inactivation. Bisulfites can sometimes cause an allergic reaction. This is different from the common sulfa drugs allergy. The quantity of bisulfite in medical pain blockers that initiates Type 1 hypersensitivity has been determined by Fraser and Huang.

</doc>
<doc id="2870703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870703" title="Klösterle">
Klösterle

Klösterle can refer to several places:

</doc>
<doc id="2870708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870708" title="International Association for Near-Death Studies">
International Association for Near-Death Studies

The International Association for Near-Death Studies (IANDS) is a non-profit organization based in Durham, North Carolina in the United States, associated with the academic field of near-death studies.
The Association was founded in the USA in 1981, in order to study and provide information on the phenomena of the near death experience (NDE). Today it has grown into an international organization, which includes a network of more than 50 local interest groups, and approximately 850 members worldwide. Local chapters, and support groups, are established in major U.S cities. IANDS also supports and assists near-death experiencers (NDErs) and people close to them. In one of its publications the organization has formulated its vision as one of building "global understanding of near-death and near-death-like experiences through research, education, and support".
History.
The organization was originally known as the "Association for the Scientific Study of Near-Death Phenomena". This group was founded by researchers John Audette, Bruce Greyson, Kenneth Ring and Michael Sabom in 1978. In the early eighties the organization changed its name to the "International Association for Near-Death Studies" (also known as IANDS).The first president of IANDS was John Audette. He later served as Executive Director. Past presidents of IANDS also include researchers Kenneth Ring and Bruce Greyson, who served as presidents in the early 1980's. During the presidencies of Ring and Greyson the organization was based in Connecticut, and affiliated with the University of Connecticut, Storrs. Offices were administered by Nancy Evans Bush, who functioned as Executive Director. This period marked the beginning of professional research on the topic of NDE's, leading up to the establishment of "the Journal of Near-death Studies" in 1982. 
Elizabeth Fenske took over the presidency from John Alexander in 1986, and the organization relocated to Philadelphia. The late 1980's marked a period of outreach for IANDS. Local branches were established in major U.S cities, and the first national IANDS conference was held at Rosemont College (PA) in 1989. In the period from 1992-2008 IANDS-offices were administered by external service providers. 
In 2008, during the presidency of Diane Corcoran, the organization established its current headquarter in Durham, North Carolina. Later activity includes development of the IANDS website, and continued maintenance of support groups and members.
Publications and archives.
IANDS is responsible for the publishing of the "Journal of Near-Death Studies", originally known as "Anabiosis". The only scholarly journal in the field of Near-Death Studies. It is peer-reviewed, and is published quarterly.
Another publication is the quarterly newsletter "Vital Signs", first published in 1981. The organization also maintains an archive of near-death case histories for research and study.
Conferences.
IANDS arrange conferences on the topic of Near-death Experiences. The conferences are held in major U.S cities, almost annually. The first meeting was a medical seminar at Yale University, New Haven (CT) in 1982. This was followed by the first clinical conference in Pembroke Pines (FL), and the first research conference in Farmington (CT) in 1984. The organization also collaborates with academic locations in regard to hosting conferences. In 2001 the IANDS conference was held at Seattle Pacific University. In 2008 IANDS collaborated with University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, which became the first medical institution to host the annual IANDS conference.

</doc>
<doc id="2870711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870711" title="Sceloporus magister">
Sceloporus magister

Sceloporus magister, also known as the desert spiny lizard, is a reptile of the family Phrynosomatidae, which is native to the Chihuahuan Desert and the Sonoran Desert.
Geographic range.
In the United States it is found in the states of Arizona, California, Texas, New Mexico, Nevada, and Utah. It is also found in the Mexican states of Sonora, Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Durango.
Description.
Males have virtual ventral colorings that easily demarcate them from other species.
Behavior.
Like many desert lizards, desert spiny lizards adjust their internal temperature by changing color so they are darker during cool times, which allows them to absorb more heat from the sun, and become lighter during warm times so they reflect more solar radiation. The desert spiny lizard also uses camouflage so it is not so easily seen by predators.
Like many desert reptiles, the desert spiny lizard spends most of the day inactive in burrows. Burrows are much cooler than temperatures on the ground's surface. 
Diet.
Desert spiny lizards eat small insects and sometimes, but not so often, small plants.
Subspecies.
Five subspecies of "Sceloporus magister", including the nominate race, are recognized.
One former subspecies ("Sceloporus magister monserratensis" Van Denburgh & Slevin, 1921) was elevated to a species ("Sceloporus monserratensis" Van Denburgh & Slevin, 1921) by herpetologist Ernest A. Liner in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="2870712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870712" title="Laurie Brett">
Laurie Brett

Laurie Brett (born 28 March 1969) is a Scottish actress, best known for her roles as Jane Beale in "EastEnders" and Christine Mulgrew, the current head of English, in "Waterloo Road".
Early and personal life.
Brett was born in Hamilton, Scotland, and studied at the London Studio Centre. She is fluent in Spanish. Brett has admitted to being a bit of a wild child in her youth, drinking heavily for 20 years.
Brett speaks with a Scottish accent; however, on moving to London, she adopted a London accent – fitting for her "EastEnders" role. She says she has always had a "knack" with accents and has admitted that speaking with a Scottish accent becomes handy when people ask if she is Jane from "EastEnders". She has admitted that when asked that question she speaks with a Scottish accent and people then assume they are mistaken.
Brett was in a relationship with a musician Dave Evans for six years. The couple met on a blind date in 2001 and got engaged; however, they split in 2007 before the wedding. Brett revealed in January 2011 that she was pregnant with her first child. She gave birth to Erin Anne Millie Brett in June 2011.
Career.
Needing an Equity Card to be a paid professional actress in the UK, she replied to an advert in "The Stage" and joined "Circo Magico Italiano", a travelling circus, in Mexico and Central America. On her return she appeared in various productions on London's Westend Stage, including playing a prostitute in "Les Misérables", appeared in the UK Tour of "The Rocky Horror Show" as Magenta, starring alongside Jason Donovan as Frank, and appeared in the musical Smokey Joe's Cafe.
After being spotted in "Les Misérables" by "EastEnders" casting director Kat Collins. she made her first appearance in June 2004, at which time the character was known as Jane Collins. She initially signed a three-year contract, and in 2010 she signed a further one-year contract. She also appears as Jane in the 2010 spin-off series "". In May 2011 Brett left the soap briefly on maternity leave. It was revealed that she would return to her role in November 2011. In January 2012 her character Jane departed from "EastEnders". Brett briefly reprised her role in January 2014.
On 15 March 2012, it was announced Brett would be joining the BBC's ongoing drama "Waterloo Road" as Christine Mulgrew, a new English teacher hired by headmaster Michael Byrne. For the first time in Brett's career, she spoke in her native accent as the show had relocated to Scotland. Brett's character then took over as acting headteacher at the end of the eighth series and was appointed as permanent headteacher at the beginning of series 9. Brett continued to appear in "Waterloo Road" in the second half of series 9, despite her return to "EastEnders". Brett confirmed via Twitter that she will continue filming on Waterloo Road in late Spring 2014.
Charity.
Brett has made various television appearances in aid of charity. She participated in the 2007, 2008 and 2009 telethon appeals for Children in Need where she sang alongside the rest of the "EastEnders" cast. In the 2008 appeal, she was cast as "Mary Poppins". She also participated in the 2010 telethon appeal for "Children in Need" where she appeared as Jane in the "EastEnders" and "Coronation Street" crossover episode "East Street". On 19 February 2010 Brett appeared on "The Weakest Link" alongside her co-stars and former co-stars Adam Woodyatt, Laila Morse, Larry Lamb, Todd Carty, Ricky Groves, John Partridge, John Altman and Charlie G. Hawkins. She won and donated her winnings to Breast Cancer campaign and Alzheimers Research.

</doc>
<doc id="2870713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870713" title="Matt Cedeño">
Matt Cedeño

Matt Cedeño (born November 14, 1974) is an American television actor and former male fashion model, best known for his roles as Brandon Walker on the NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives" (1999-2005), and as Alejandro Rubio in the Lifetime primetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids" (2013-2014).
Life and career.
Cedeño was born in Moses Lake, Washington, to an Afro-Cuban father and an Irish-English mother. He became a model doing gigs in Milan, Spain, New York and Los Angeles, which Cedeno juggled, along with academics, until he finished school. Cedeño married Erica Franco on July 31, 2009, and their son, Jaxson Cruz, was born on August 7, 2013.
Cedeño is known for his role as Brandon Walker on the NBC daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives" from 1999 to 2005. He has been nominated three years in a row for an ALMA award as Outstanding Actor in a Daytime Drama for his work as Brandon Walker on NBC's "Days of our Lives". He played a young boxer in the 2000 feature film "Price of Glory" (Jimmy Smits plays the same character years later). He guest-starred on "Boy Meets World", "", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", and "The Mentalist".
Cedeño appeared on the one hundredth episode of ABC comedy-drama series "Desperate Housewives" as Umberto Roswell, the gay husband of Edie Britt (Nicollette Sheridan). In 2013, he has won series regular role in the Lifetime comedy-drama "Devious Maids", playing another gay character called Alejandro Rubio.

</doc>
<doc id="2870715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870715" title="Chen Din Hwa">
Chen Din Hwa

Chen Din-hwa (Traditional Chinese: 陳廷驊; Simplified Chinese: 陈廷骅; 1923 – 17 June 2012), was a Hong Kong industrial tycoon, billionaire and philanthropist. He was known as the "King of Cotton Yarn" in Hong Kong.
Life and career.
Chen was born in Ningbo, Zhejiang Province, Mainland China in 1923. His family was poor and he left school at the age of 12 to serve as an apprentice to a silk merchant. His father was reportedly a Shanghai-based industrialist, mainly in textiles. When Chen was 22 years old, he was already chief manager of his family business and owned several shops and factories in Shanghai and Ningbo. In 1949, Chen's family shifted to Hong Kong and set up in business there. He set up a successful cotton-yarn maker called Nan Fung Mill.
In 1954, he established Nan Fung Textiles (later Nan Fung Textiles Consolidated Limited), becoming chairman, and Nan Fung Development Limited. The company also developed interests in shipping.
When diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2009, Chen handed over control of his business to his younger daughter Vivien Chen, who had been part of the business since 1981. In 2010, his wife Yang Foo Oi and elder daughter Angela, a trained architect who lived in the United States and now in Hong Kong, sued younger daughter Vivian, alleging that Chen was misled into transferring assets to a trust fund controlled by Vivian. Yang divorced him in 2011.
Chen died on 17 June 2012 at the age of 89, reportedly of prostate cancer. At his death he was ranked by Forbes as the 14th wealthiest person in Hong Kong, with a net worth of US$2.6 billion, though earlier in his career he had been among the top ten.
Family and personal life.
Chen was married to Yang Foo Oi until 2011, when the couple divorced. The marriage produced two daughters. As a devout Buddhist, Chen founded the eponymous D.H. Chen Foundation, which provides charity services in education, welfare and medicine.

</doc>
<doc id="2870720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870720" title="Millefleur">
Millefleur

Millefleur or mille-fleur (French mille-fleurs, literally "thousand flowers") refers to a background made of many small flowers and plants. It was an especially popular motif in tapestry and other applied arts and crafts during the Middle Ages in Europe. 
Mille-fleurs style was most popular in late 15th and early 16th century French and Flemish tapestry, with the best known examples including "The Lady and the Unicorn" and "The Hunt of the Unicorn". The term is also used to describe Oriental rugs with a similar design, originally Persian but later produced in much of the Middle East and Mughal India – the medieval European style may have been influenced by Persian miniatures or carpets.

</doc>
<doc id="2870721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870721" title="Copernic">
Copernic

Copernic Inc. is a company based in Quebec, Canada specializing in web search technology. They also provide home and business software products for desktop, web and mobile users through their web sites.
History.
Mamma.com was launched in 1996 by Herman Tumurcuoglu in Montreal, Canada. It was one of the web's first tier 2 metasearch engines.
Copernic Technologies Inc. was incorporated In July, 1996, under the name Agents Technology Inc.
On December 22, 2005, Mamma.com completed its acquisition of "Copernic Technologies Inc.", a search technology company founded in July 1996 in Quebec City and maker of the desktop search utility Copernic Desktop Search. In the preceding fiscal year Copernic had a revenue of about $5.9 million and an EBITDA of about $1.8 million; Mamma.com paid $15.9 million and issued 2,380,000 common shares.
On June 8, 2007, Mamma.com Inc. changed its name to Copernic Inc., received a new stock symbol CNIC, (effective June 14, 2007), and launched its new corporate website.
On November 17, 2008, the Securities and Exchange Commission announced that it had charged Mark Cuban with insider trading. It was alleged that he directed his broker to sell his entire 600,000 shares of stock in the company to avoid losses in excess of $750,000 based on insider information.
On June 30, 2009, Copernic completed the sale of Mamma.com and its third party Ad Net to Empresario, a privately owned digital media network based in Chicago Illinois. Transaction took place as planned by the two companies and will allow Copernic to reflect the details in their Q2 report. The company proceeded to this sale in order to focus the company on new product offers.
On November 4, 2010, Copernic joins the family of N. Harris Computer Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Constellation Software Inc.
Products.
Copernic Desktop Search is a commercial utility for the Microsoft Windows family operating systems. It allows the user to instantly search files, e-mails, and e-mail attachments stored anywhere on a PC's hard drive. There are three versions of Copernic Desktop Search (CDS) available, each offering a variety of features. The Home version is a light and free version, with a few less features than the Professional and Corporate versions. The Professional version includes features such as the ability to search on network drives. The Corporate version offers the ability to search IBM Lotus Notes and there is a deployment tool for major organizations.
Copernic Agent is a metasearch utility for the Microsoft Windows family operating systems. There used to be three versions of Copernic Agent available, each offering a variety of features. The Basic version was a light version, with fewer features than the Personal and Professional versions, and was free for non-commercial use. The Personal version had no ads, and the Professional version included a summarizer, to summarize web pages. There is only a single version currently available, which is free, but is ad supported. It includes a number of ads in its search results, increasing the results you need to sift through to find what you are looking for. (At roughly the same time, WebFerret also began offering only an ad supported version). There is currently no application available from any vender, whether free or commercial, without many ads in the results, like the Personal or Professional versions had been.
Alternatives To Copernic Agent.
Web Ferret

</doc>
<doc id="2870726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870726" title="North Kitsap School District">
North Kitsap School District

North Kitsap School District 400 is the school district serving Poulsbo, Suquamish, and Kingston, Washington.
Poulsbo Schools.
Poulsbo is home to a handful of elementary schools, two middle schools, and two high schools.
The elementary schools located in Poulsbo include Breidablik Elementary, Pearson Elementary, Poulsbo Elementary and Vinland Elementary. Poulsbo Middle School and Kingston Middle School, North Kitsap High School and Kingston High School are also located in this region of the North Kitsap School District.
North Kitsap High School.
North Kitsap High School finished undergoing renovations in spring 2009, and now provides students with a beautiful campus that features a brand new cafeteria, repaved walkways, landscaping and decorative touches, trees and other plants, and more. There are currently 74 teachers and three counselors. The school is home to about 3,500 students.
Kingston Schools.
Kingston is home to many public schools such as Wolfle Elementary, Gordon Elementary, Kingston Middle School, Kingston High School and Spectrum Community School. These are all a part of North Kitsap School District.
Gordon Elementary.
Richard F. Gordon Elementary School is a Kindergarten through 5th grade public school in Kingston, Washington. Gordon Elementary is the location of the regular and two additional programs that students from the North Kitsap School District can attend. The school is named after retired NASA astronaut Richard F. Gordon, an alumnus of nearby North Kitsap High School.
Options.
Options is a parent involved, alternative learning program for grades K-8. It is currently located at Gordon Elementary. The mission of the Options Program is to provide North Kitsap students with community-based education that fosters the development of self-directed, lifelong learners through significant family involvement; interdependent, multi-age learning
groups; and curricula that are responsive to the needs and interests of our students. There is a large drama component, including multiple student plays each year. The Options program was founded in 1989. 
Wolfle Elementary.
David H. Wolfle is a Kindergarten through 5th grade public school in Kingston, Washington.
Kingston Middle School.
Kingston Middle School is a middle school located in Kingston, Washington. Located on West Kingston Road, the school was established in 1990. The school has sixth, seventh, and eighth grade classes. In 2007, this school was changed from a junior high into a middle school.
Kingston High School.
Kingston High School is a public high school in Kingston, Washington. The school opened as the second High school in the North Kitsap School District. The school holds grades 9-12.
Suquamish Schools.
Suquamish is home to one elementary school. Suquamish Elementary is the only school in this region of the North Kitsap School District.

</doc>
<doc id="2870727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870727" title="Philip (satrap)">
Philip (satrap)

Philip (in Greek Φιλιππoς; died 318 BC) was satrap of Sogdiana, to which government he was first appointed by Alexander the Great himself in 327 BC. He retained his post, as did most of the satraps of the more remote provinces, in the arrangements which followed the death of the king (323 BC); but in the subsequent partition at Triparadisus, 321 BC, he was assigned the government of Parthia instead. Here he remained until 318 BC, when Peithon, who was then seeking to establish his power over all the provinces of the East, made himself master of Parthia, and put Philip to death.

</doc>
<doc id="2870736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870736" title="Oslo Graben">
Oslo Graben

The Oslo Graben or Oslo Rift is a graben formed during a geologic rifting event in Permian time, the last phase of the Variscan orogeny. The main graben forming period began in the late Carboniferous, which culminated with rift formation and volcanism, with associated rhomb porphyry lava flows. This activity was followed by uplifting, and ended with intrusions about 65 million years after the onset of the formation. It is located in the area around the Norwegian capital Oslo. 
The lava production was high when the rhomb porphyry lavas were deposited. The lavas reflect a period of abundant earthquake-related movements, when strong forces tore the crust apart. 
In the Vestfold district, one lava flow was deposited on average every 250,000 years, resulting in a 3000 metre thick sequence of mainly volcanic material. In the Oslo area, lavas were deposited on average every 800,000 years. Only a few plant remains have been found between these lavas. The bedrock in this area, roughly from Skien to Oslo and Mjøsa, results in soil rich in nutrients important for plant growth.
Since the Permian, erosion has removed the volcanic peaks and indeed most of the lava layer and laid bare the magma chambers and volcanic pipes deep below, allowing scientist a rare view of what goes on beneath a rift valley. Several of the old magma plumes are now quarried, the rich black Larvikite (named from Larvik, a town south of Oslo) being one.

</doc>
<doc id="2870741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870741" title="Trans-Oceanic">
Trans-Oceanic

The Trans-Oceanic (abbreviated T/O) was the name given to a series of portable radios produced from 1942 to 1981 by Zenith Radio. They were characterised by their heavy-duty, high-quality construction and their performance as shortwave receivers.
History.
Zenith's founder, Commander Eugene F. McDonald, was a great admirer of advanced technological development and believed that his company's products should include the latest, most practical advances in a well-built product that continued to enhance the company's reputation. Of the many products of Zenith Radio, the 'Trans-Oceanic' series of portable radios were amongst the most famous.
McDonald was a keen yachtsman and outdoorsman and wished for a portable radio that would provide entertainment broadcasts as well as being able to tune into weather, marine and international shortwave stations too. He asked his company's engineers to develop prototypes to meet his criteria and by 1940 they had concept sets that were ready for production.
The Zenith 'T/O' began life in 1942 as the Model 7G605 'Trans-ocean Clipper'. Priced at $75, it was released in January but ceased production in April as Zenith shifted their production to war-related equipment. During this short production run, some 35,000 units were produced and sales data showed that many were sold to customers in the 'above average' income group. However, many also found their way into various theatres of war and in to the hands of appreciative servicemen—demand for a resumption of production at war's end was kept high.
The T/O was a dual-powered radio receiver; it could operate from electrical service AC or DC and via a pair of "A" and "B" dry cell batteries for portability. The batteries are obsolete but the early T/O models live on either due to the ability to use AC line or a battery made of modern cells (6 Ds for the "A" power and 10 9 volt transistor batteries for "B") or an inverter. Zenith used a selenium rectifier of later versions of the T/O, replacing rectifier tubes used on the earlier models. Inserting the power plug into a socket on the chassis or the side of the radio (depending on model) switched the T/O to battery operation.
The first post-war T/O was the 8G005Y, designed by Robert Davol Budlong, an industrial design consultant responsible for many of the Zenith radio products. Priced at $125, it was in production from 1946 to 1949 in several variants. This was replaced in December 1949 by the G500—a 'changeover' model that had updated electronics using miniature tubes but the same appearance. The G500 held its price at less than $100 until it was withdrawn in mid-1951.
The H500 'Super Trans-Oceanic' was introduced in May 1951 at an initial price of $99.95. It had a redesigned front face and incorporated many frequency coverage and electronic changes ordered by McDonald. There also was a small production run of "militarized" Trans-Oceanic's, ordered by the U.S. government.
After 1953, there was competition to the Trans-Oceanic from both Hallicrafters, with their 'Trans-World' series sets, and RCA, with their 'Strato-World' models.
In the spring of 1954, the 600 series was introduced with its 'slide-rule' type dial and a mains supply cord which coils inside the set on a spring-loaded reel. This model stayed in production, with minor changes, until the end of the T/O tube era in 1962.
During the tube or valve T/O model run, this receiver did not include an 88-108 MHz FM radio band.
Eugene McDonald died in 1958, but he was personally involved in the design changes to 'his' radio to the very end. In November 1957, Zenith introduced the all-new, nine transistor solid state Trans-Oceanic. The older tube-based Trans-Oceanic was continued in production until 1962. 
In November 1957 the first of several transistorized Trans-Oceanic's were introduced, the Royal 1000. As had always been the case, Commander E. McDonald helped in the design of the 1000. This was to be his last endeavor in the Trans-Oceanic radio, passing away soon after its introduction. The Royal 1000 had exactly the same frequency coverage as the A/B 600 series tube Trans-Oceanic's with the addition of the 13/meter band. The new Royal 1000 also sported an all-metal cabinet design with the front cover opening to the down position. The log chart was located inside the flip-down door. Very early Royal 1000s sported a genuine leather covering marked as such. Another first for portable radios was the unique dial scale used in the 1000 and later series of Trans-Oceanic's. The 1000 was designed with a cylinder dial scale that would rotate with the band switch allowing only that particular band scale to show. 
Soon after the introduction of the 1000 model, a second model was added, the Royal 1000D. The only difference was the added LW band covering 150 kHz through 405 kHz just below the AM broadcast band. There were also slight cosmetic differences to distinguish the two models. In 1962 the Royal 3000 was added and the 1000 eliminated while the 1000D remained in production through the 1968 model year. The 3000 added the FM broadcast band and eliminated the 13-meter band. Along with a few cosmetic differences, there wasn't much difference electrically between the new model and earlier 1000 series models aside from the addition of the FM subchassis and IF transformers. The 3000 used many of the same cabinet parts as the 1000/1000D, but required a bulging back cover to accommodate the additional parts used for FM. 
Early 1000's and 1000Ds were battery-only with no provision for external power. This was considered acceptable because the battery life was much better than the tube-type models. 8 ordinary D cells would operate the radio for >500 hours, as opposed to ~150 hours for the tube models and their massive A/B battery. The 3000 was also introduced as battery-only. Later the 1000-1 and 3000-1 models were introduced with provision for an external power using what was one of the first "wall wart" type power supplies - a transformer, rectifier, and filter capacitor in a box with AC line connector that plugged into and hung from the wall socket. 
In 1968 the Royal 7000 series Trans-Oceanic was introduced. The new model sported a completely new look and many improvements over the weaknesses of the earlier 1000/3000 series models. Besides a new look, a BFO was added for SSB/CW reception. Also a wide/narrow filter switch was added for increased selectivity. The 13-meter band was re-introduced along with extended coverage from 1620 kHz through 2000 kHz and the VHF weather band. The electrical design was an improvement in both selectivity and sensitivity, and used modern silicon NPN transistors vice the previous germanium types. Sound quality was much improved. The internal mechanical design was quite similar to the earlier models, and still used a steel chassis and point-to-point wiring, vice PC boards. 
The last model Trans-Oceanic was the R7000 series introduced in 1979. This model now had complete coverage from 150 kHz through 30 MHz. Gone was the electrical band spread for improved tuning. The R7000 sported a new electrical design using modular circuit boards instead of the point to point hard wired chassis of all previous models. There were many other new features also such as dual tuning meters, squelch and several added bands such as Air, VHF 144 MHz through 175 MHz. The R7000 was built in Chicago for the first year but production was moved to Taiwan for the final two years, while all the models before had been made in the USA.
The new Royal line sold well, but Zenith's lead was steadily eroded. By the time of the release of the 'R7000' in 1979, fierce competition from Sony in Japan—who, with their digital readout tuning dial had, in many ways, a superior product—meant the end of a famous product line.
It is unlikely that this famous family of radios will ever be resurrected though there is a strong following of this most famous series of consumer radio gear. Today the Trans-Oceanic has become a popular radio of both collectors and non-collectors alike.
Popularity Today.
The earlier tube or valve versions of the T/O are prized by radio collectors. Many working models and replacement parts are available on various online auction sites. The build quality and longevity of these receivers is well known and highly regarded.

</doc>
<doc id="2870743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870743" title="Personal Best (Team Dresch album)">
Personal Best (Team Dresch album)

Personal Best is the debut studio album by the United States punk band Team Dresch. The album was released in January 1995 on both singer/guitarist Jody Bleyle's label Candy Ass Records and bassist Donna Dresch's label Chainsaw Records.
"Washington Post" writer Chris Richards called "Personal Best" "a fiery, all-but-forgotten punk masterpiece".
Reception.
Allmusic declared the album is a "call to arms" that "explodes on contact", saying: "Of all the punk records to come out of the 1990s, "Personal Best" comes closest to actually recapturing the sheer passion and rage which originally spawned the movement two decades earlier..." and praised the band's all-encompassing fusion of the dual emotional and polemical issues felt within the LGBT community, as well as how the band "never put their politics ahead of their songs — each of these ten tracks is airtight, with melodies as blistering as the lyrics".
Cover.
The album's title and cover art are a reference to the 1982 film "Personal Best", a film about female track and field athletes which included LGBT themes. The cover art was photographed by Neilson Abeel, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="2870746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870746" title="Precincts in Sengkang New Town">
Precincts in Sengkang New Town

This is a list of public housing precincts in Sengkang New Town, Singapore:

</doc>
<doc id="2870749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870749" title="Lord Lieutenant of Cumberland">
Lord Lieutenant of Cumberland

This is a list of people who have served as Lord Lieutenant of Cumberland. From 1765 to 1974, all Lord Lieutenants were also Custos Rotulorum of Cumberland.
The county became part of Cumbria on 31 March 1974. See "Lord Lieutenant of Cumbria".

</doc>
<doc id="2870750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870750" title="Chai Patel">
Chai Patel

Chaitanya Patel CBE FRCP (born 14 September 1954) is a British doctor, businessman and philanthropist. Born in Uganda to Indian parents, he obtained medical qualifications at the University of Southampton in 1979 and previously worked in the NHS. He currently is Chairman of Elysian Capital an independent, private equity firm specialising in investing in the UK lower mid-market in deals of between £10m and £100m, and Chairman of HC-One, a nursing home management company.
Career in business.
After working for some years at the Private Clients office of Lehmann Bros in London as part of a small team including Bruce Berkowitz, in 1988 he founded Court Cavendish, which was rapidly recognised as a high quality continuing care company. In 1996 he merged it with Takare to create Care First, the UK’s largest continuing care company. He remained as Chief Executive until it was taken over by BUPA in 1997. In 1999 he acquired and became Chief Executive of Westminster Health Care plc, the largest publicly quoted healthcare services group in the UK, which acquired Priory Hospitals in 2000. After a management buyout of the Care Home division in 2002, Dr Patel continued as Chief Executive of the Priory Group, the UK’s largest independent specialist mental health and education services group. On 5 March 2007 Dr Patel and his management team resigned from Priory Healthcare. 
In 2011, following the collapse of Southern Cross Healthcare, he re-formed Court Cavendish as a consultancy and joined with the landlord company NHP (Nursing Home Properties) to form HC-One, managing 249 of Southern Cross' former homes. Dr Patel is on the Advisory Council of The Front Row Group of Companies.
Policy work and honours.
For many years he has been involved in healthcare policy issues, working on numerous government task forces and action groups. He has received an Honorary Doctorate from the Open University. He is a keen supporter of Labour's Private Finance Initiative and is secretary to the Institute for Public Policy Research, a progressive think tank with close links to the Labour Party. In 1999 he was awarded a CBE for his services to the development of social care policies.
Controversy.
Westminster Health.
Dr Patel resigned as a trustee of Help the Aged in 2002 "to save it embarrassment" after a damning report into a nursing home owned by Westminster Health Care, which he headed.
Lynde House.
In 2004, Dr Patel was charged with serious professional misconduct and faced being "struck off" over complaints about poor care at Lynde House, one of his former care homes for the elderly. In June 2005 the case was dropped by the General Medical Council due to insufficient evidence.
Dr Patel had been the subject of a sustained campaign against him and had maintained from day one that the charges against him were never supported by admissible evidence. This was supported when the High Court judge Mr Justice Collins stayed the case again Dr Patel pending the judicial review hearing. He called the original charges laid against Dr Patel a "rotten indictment.".
On 15 June, with the consent of the group of residents’ families, the High Court ordered that some of the charges should be struck out and that amendments intended to rectify deficiencies in other charges should be disallowed.
After the conclusion of the hearing, Dr Patel said: "I am relieved that at last this terrible ordeal is over. My family and I have been through a great deal as a result of charges of serious professional misconduct which were never supported by any admissible evidence. I call today for the GMC to look at how it carries out its work.".
In 2009 the NMC Professional Conduct Committee began their own investigation in to whether the manager and deputy managers of Lynde House- Sarah Johnson and Lynette Maggs- were guilty of professional misconduct and negligence in relation to the earlier accusations of poor care at the residential home. In December 2011 the Committee ruled that they were guilty of misconduct. Whilst they decided not to take any formal sanctions such as registration penalties, in part due to the time elapsed since the original allegations were made, Johnson and Maggs were nevertheless left with a misconduct ruling against their names, and decided to appeal the decision at the High Court by way of Judicial Review.
On 18 July 2013, at a judicial review, High Court judge Mr Justice Leggatt concluded "a decade after this misconceived and mismanaged case was brought against the registrants, their names are clear", referring to the NMC case against the manager and deputy manager of Lynde House.
The judgment then went on to criticise the NMC’s handling of the procedure stating it was a "case study for how a disciplinary case should not be conducted."
Later in 2013, the Health Select Committee expressed its concerns over the length of time the NMC’s disciplinary process takes. Chai Patel cited the NMC’s handling of Lynde House in a national newspaper article, commenting "the NMC must act to ensure the decade of trauma that Maggs and Johnson endured never happens again. They were good people, doing a good job, who had their careers and lives needlessly and unjustly blighted." 
Cash for Peerages.
Dr Patel is a donor to the British Labour Party, having given the party £100,000.
In March 2006 it was revealed that Dr Patel, a Labour nominee for a Life peerage, had made a loan of £1.5m, at commercial rates, to the Labour Party in the summer of 2005. The House of Lords Appointments Commission, which vets nominations for peerages, was reported to be against Dr Patel's candidacy. Dr Patel said he made the loan following a request, but never expected anything in return. The Labour Party defended the loan, asserting that no rules had been broken. Dr Patel's name was submitted by Downing Street for a peerage two months after the loan. 
The BBC quotes him as saying "have been angered by what see as the leaking of candidacy by the commission" and he has called for greater transparency. He also said he would not have loaned the party the money if he had imagined that the financial support would create such criticism. Further concerned that his reputation was being traduced, he made a strenuous plea for clarity in the handling of his candidacy on BBC2's "Newsnight" on 10 March 2006 and in a letter to the HLAC stated he was mystified and deeply distressed by the apparent rejection.
On 15 March 2006 it was revealed that Jack Dromey, the Treasurer of the Labour Party, had been unaware of the loans and called for an independent inquiry (see Cash for Honours).
On 29 March 2006 Chai Patel withdrew his name from the list of nominees for a peerage. He said that at no time did he have any expectation of a reward nor had he been offered anything in return, yet on a BBC 'Today' programme he expressed the view that he wanted to serve in the upper house (The Lords) as he felt that his life experience ensured that he could make a valuable contribution there.

</doc>
<doc id="2870754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870754" title="Corn Exchange Bank">
Corn Exchange Bank

The Corn Exchange Bank was founded in 1853 in New York, but had branches in other states, including Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Nebraska. It was a retail bank that acquired many community banks. In 1855, the bank moved into an existing building at the northwest corner of William and Beaver streets. In 1894, the bank completed a new headquarters, an 11-story building designed by Robert Henderson Robertson, at 11-15 William Street. Between 1923 and 1925, together with a number of other New York banks, it held a small stake in the Connecticut-chartered Bank of Central and South America. In 1929 it was renamed the Corn Exchange Bank and Trust Company. In 1954 it merged with Chemical Bank and the combined entity took the name Chemical Corn Exchange Bank. After Chemical Corn merged with New York Trust, the "Corn" was dropped. The Corn Exchange Bank in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was famously robbed by Willie Sutton in February 1933. 
As late as 1928, photographs show the Corn Exchange had a branch in a building on Grove Street, approximately 50 feet East of 7th Avenue South in Greenwich Village. The building was likely expanded following the bank's merger with Chemical Bank in 1954. The enlarged building's exterior appearance is virtually unchanged since 1954, likely due to New York's Landmark Law, passed in 1965 in response to the mounting losses of historically significant buildings in New York City, most notably the old Pennsylvania Station. The Grove Street building currently houses a Chase Bank branch. Chase Manhattan (Now known as JP Morgan Chase) merged with Chemical Bank in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2870755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870755" title="Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs">
Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs

The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD) is a British statutory and non-executive non-departmental public body, which was established under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
Mandate.
Its terms of reference, according to the Act, are as follows:
"to keep under review the situation in the United Kingdom with respect to drugs which are being or appear to them likely to be misused and of which the misuse is having or appears to them capable of having harmful effects sufficient to constitute a social problem, and to give to any one or more of the Ministers, where either Council consider it expedient to do so or they are consulted by the Minister or Ministers in question, advice on measures (whether or not involving alteration of the law) which in the opinion of the Council ought to be taken for preventing the misuse of such drugs or dealing with social problems connected with their misuse, and in particular on measures which in the opinion of the Council, ought to be taken"
Functioning.
One of the key functions of the ACMD is to recommend classification of new or existing drugs, which may be misused.
The sources of evidence that the ACMD uses are
In order to have a rough but quantitative measure of the harms of a drug, the ACMD uses a risk assessment matrix, where nine different aspects of harm for each drug are evaluated:
Criticism.
In 2006, the Science and Technology Select Committee of the UK House of Commons conducted a series of case studies examining the government's handling of scientific advice, risk and evidence in policy making. The second of its case-studies focused on the relationship between scientific advice and evidence and the classification of illegal drugs. It examined the workings of the ACMD.
A summary of the findings, vis-a-vis ACMD:
"In the course of this case study, we have looked in detail at the role played by, and workings of, the Government’s scientific advisory committee on drug classification and policy, the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD). We have identified a number of serious flaws in the way the Council conducts its business. Although the Council has produced useful reports explaining the rationale behind its recommendations on drug classification decisions, we found a lack of transparency in other areas of its work and a disconcerting degree of confusion over its remit. We also note that the ACMD has failed to adhere to key elements of the Government’s Code of Practice for Scientific Advisory Committees. In response to these and other concerns about the Council’s operations, we have called for the Home Office to ensure that there is, in future, independent oversight of the Council’s workings. We have also highlighted the need for the ACMD to play a far more a proactive role in supporting the work of the Department of Health and Department for Education and Skills: the Government’s approach to drug education and treatment must be informed by scientific advice and stronger cross-departmental coordination will be vital if the Public Service Agreement targets on drugs policy are to be met."
Some specific findings:
"69. Overall, our examination of the processes used by the ACMD and Home Office to make, respectively, recommendations and decisions regarding the classification of drugs has revealed a disconcertingly ad hoc approach to determining when reviews should be undertaken and a worrying lack of transparency in how classification decisions are made."
"73. .. It is extremely disappointing that the Council has not taken any steps to increase the transparency of its operations and, moreover, that the Chairman displayed so little interest in improving the Council’s approach in evidence to us. It is incumbent upon the Chairman to ensure that the ACMD follows the spirit of openness prescribed by the Code of Practice."
"85. .. If, as the ACMD Chairman indicated to us, the Council’s work has been seriously hindered by the lack of evidence, the ACMD should have been far more vocal in pressing Ministers to ensure that more research was commissioned to fill the key gaps in the evidence base."
"97. .. We understand that the ACMD operates within the framework set by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 but, bearing in mind that the Council is the sole scientific advisory body on drugs policy, we consider the Council’s failure to alert the Home Secretary to the serious doubts about the basis and effectiveness of the classification system at an earlier stage a dereliction of its duty."
Findings.
On the advice of the ACMD, Home Secretary David Blunkett downgraded cannabis from Class B to Class C in 2004. However, Home Secretary Jacqui Smith returned it to Class B in 2009, against the council's recommendation, and also declined to follow its recommendation to downgrade ecstasy from Class A to class B.
In March 2010, the ACMD published a report, "Consideration of the cathinones", which recommended that mephedrone and other cathinones should be made illegal. On the same day it released a report titled, "Pathways to problems", detailing progress made on recommendations made in 2006. The report stated that not enough was being done about alcohol and tobacco usage and that the Misuse of Drugs Act should be reviewed. Because it was published on the same day as the report on cathinones, it received no media coverage, nor a response from the Home Office.
Members.
The ACMD is required to have at least 20 members. Membership currently stands at 21. All members are unpaid, although expenses are reimbursed.
January 2011 Appointments.
In January 2011, the government appointed nine new members to the Advisory Council, including a new chair. The new chairman, Les Iversen is a retired Oxford University professor of pharmacology and neuropharmacology specialist.
The appointment of Dr Hans-Christian Raabe, a prominent member of the Maranatha Community, which aims to "re-establish Christian values in society" received coverage in the British press. Raabe, a General Practitioner from Manchester, had previously stood as a Christian Peoples Alliance candidate for the North West of England in the European Parliament elections of 2009. As a candidate for the CPA, Raabe had made a number of controversial statements concerning homosexuality, one being; "there is a disproportionately greater number of homosexuals among paedophiles and an overlap between the gay movement and the movement to make paedophilia acceptable". Raabe was quoted in response by saying, "This is an appointment regarding drug policy and what views I may or may not have on homosexuality are irrelevant." Dr Raabe once argued that "it is futile to pursue discredited policies of so-called 'harm-reduction'", and had written that "The only way of stopping people from dying from drug-related deaths is to prevent drug use in the first place". On the 8th of February 2011, Dr Raabe was sacked before his first meeting. The Home Office said it had made it clear his dismissal has been made irrespective of his religious beliefs.
Controversial resignations.
Professor David Nutt of the University of Bristol was Chairman of the ACMD until being relieved of his post on 30 October 2009 after criticising politicians for "distorting" and "devaluing" research evidence in the debate over illicit drugs. David Nutt founded the Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs on 15 January 2010. The goal of his new committee is to complement and eventually supersede the ACMD by providing independent advice that is untainted by government interference. 
In February 2009, the government was accused by Professor Nutt of making a political decision with regard to drug classification in rejecting the scientific advice to downgrade ecstasy from a class A drug. The ACMD report on ecstasy, based on a 12-month study of 4,000 academic papers, concluded that it is not as dangerous as other class A drugs such as heroin and cocaine, and should be downgraded to class B. The advice was not followed. Jacqui Smith, then Home Secretary, was also widely criticised by the scientific community for bullying Professor David Nutt into apologising for his comments that, in the course of a normal year, more people die from falling off horses than from taking ecstasy. Professor Nutt was sacked by Jacqui Smith's successor as Home Secretary Alan Johnson; Johnson saying "It is important that the government's messages on drugs are clear and as an advisor you do nothing to undermine public understanding of them. I cannot have public confusion between scientific advice and policy and have therefore lost confidence in your ability to advise me as Chair of the ACMD."
In his October 2009 paper (based on a lecture given in July 2009) Nutt had repeated his familiar view that illicit drugs should be classified according to the actual evidence of the harm they cause and pointed out that alcohol and tobacco caused more harm than LSD, ecstasy and cannabis. Alcohol should come fifth behind cocaine, heroin, barbiturates and methadone, and tobacco should rank ninth, ahead of cannabis, LSD and ecstasy, he said. He also argued that smoking cannabis created only a "relatively small risk" of psychotic illness. 
Explaining his sacking of Nutt, Alan Johnson wrote in a letter to "The Guardian", that "He was asked to go because he cannot be both a government advisor and a campaigner against government policy. [...] As for his comments about horse riding being more dangerous than ecstasy, which you quote with such reverence, it is of course a political rather than a scientific point." Responding in The Times, Professor Nutt said:
In the wake of Nutt's dismissal, Dr Les King, a part-time advisor to the Department of Health, and the senior chemist on the ACMD, resigned from the body. His resignation was soon followed by that of Marion Walker, Clinical Director of Berkshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust's substance misuse service, and the Royal Pharmaceutical Society's representative on the ACMD. 
"The Guardian" revealed that Alan Johnson ordered what was described as a 'snap review' of the 40-strong ACMD in October 2009. This, it was said, would assess whether the body is "discharging the functions" that it was set up to deliver and decide if it still represented value for money for the public. The review was to be conducted by David Omand. Within hours of "The Guardian" revealing this, an article was published online by "The Times" arguing that Nutt's controversial lecture actually conformed to government guidelines throughout. The report of the review was published in February 2011.
On November 10, 2009 three further members of the Council resigned following a meeting with Alan Johnson. They were: Dr John Marsden, Dr Ian Ragan and Dr Simon Campbell. A sixth member, Dr Polly Taylor, resigned in March 2010, shortly before the decision to make substituted cathinones - including the legal high mephedrone - illegal. On April 1, 2010 Eric Carlin also resigned after the announcement of the ban, saying that the decision by the Home Secretary was "unduly based on media and political pressure". He also stated "We had little or no discussion about how our recommendation to classify this drug would be likely to impact on young people's behaviour. As well as being extremely unhappy with how the ACMD operates, I am not prepared to continue to be part of a body which, as its main activity, works to facilitate the potential criminalisation of increasing numbers of young people."
Potential reduction of scientists on the committee.
The Police Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011 removed the legal requirement which meant the ACMD had to have scientists and experts on the panel.
Following the Act, the panel no longer has to have: someone who practices veterinary medicine; someone who practices medicine, other than veterinary medicine; someone who practices dentistry; someone who practices pharmacy; someone from the pharmaceutical industry; or a chemist, other than from the pharmaceutical chemistry.
Public opinion.
Previous Home Secretaries, when responding to the advice of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs, have all reiterated that the majority of public opinion is against reforming the current stance on prohibition. However, a poll commissioned by the Liberal Democrats found that when the definitions of three regulatory options were given to members of the public instead of simply asking "Do you think drugs should be legalised?" the majority in fact supported new regulatory control. How many of those respondents did not support reforms, because of previous Home Office advice on the other hand, was not recorded separately.

</doc>
<doc id="2870756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870756" title="Edison High School (New Jersey)">
Edison High School (New Jersey)

Edison High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Edison, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The school serves students of many diverse cultures, and is part of the Edison Township Public Schools. The other high school in the district is J. P. Stevens High School.
Most of the Edison High School students come from either Herbert Hoover Middle School or Thomas Jefferson Middle School, though some come from Woodrow Wilson Middle School.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,982 students and 146.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.58:1. There were 302 students (15.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 125 (6.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 174th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 169th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 177th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 155th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Curriculum.
Edison High School students are required to take four years of English, four years of math, three years of science, three years of history (one of world and two of U.S.) and at least two years of a foreign language (including Latin, French, Spanish and starting in 2008, Hindi). In addition, health and physical education classes are required for every year in which a student attends EHS. Starting with the Class of 2008, one year of "Career Education and Consumer, Family and Life Skills" such as Foods or Technology Fundamentals is required as well as another year of the "Visual Performing Arts" such as Chorus, Band, Visual Arts, Clothing for Fashion, and Architectural Drawing. EHS has an Honors college preparatory track that features several Advanced Placement (AP) courses.
Extracurricular activities.
Mr. EHS.
Every year, the Student Council hosts Mr. EHS, a beauty pageant, talent show and fund raiser that also searches for the very special and outstanding male who attends Edison High. A month prior to the performance, contestants are required to individually raise money for the affiliated charity such as the Simpson-Baber Foundation for the Autistic (2006) and Buddy Ball (2005). Whichever contestant raises the most money is immediately awarded "Most Charitable." In addition, each year Mr. EHS finalizes with announcements of the winner, Mr. Congeniality, and the amount of money the show raised (approx. $3–5000 per show).
Choir.
Edison High School is often recognized for its fine music department. The A cappella Choir and Chamber Singers, for example, have been awarded first place superior ratings in national competitions for over 40 years, 19 under its director, Kenneth Brown.
EHS offers nine different choirs:
Band.
The band programs in Edison High School are outstanding and also ranked highly in their divisions, with the band placing first in many competitions.Also has different kinds of bands. 
Several bands exist at Edison High School:
Director of Bands - Marc DeNicuolo; Assistant Director - Eric Mazurkiewicz
Concert Band: All incoming freshmen are placed in the concert band to help them develop their skills and technique.
Symphonic Band:The Symphonic Band is open to all sophomore, juniors and seniors who wish to further develop their skills and musical knowledge. This band plays more difficult than the Concert Band.
Wind Ensemble:The Wind Ensemble is by audition only and is directed by Marc Denicuolo. The Wind Ensemble plays challenging music and competes in the Region II Concert Band Festival in March every year. In 2005 the Ensemble was ranked 2nd overall in the state for its performance of Yiddish dances. In 2006 the Wind Ensemble received 3rd place in region II and was invited to participate in the New Jersey Concert Band Gala. The Wind Ensemble performs at other festivals as well as on the band's annual spring trip.
Jazz Ensemble: The Jazz Ensemble is the bands' most selective group accepting 16-21 of the school's top jazz musicians. The ensemble plays difficult music and participates in various jazz competitions throughout New Jersey.
Jazz Band: The Jazz Band is open for students to learn how to play the style of jazz. Audition is recommended but will not matter. This band rehearses once a week every Tuesdays. This Band does not compete among other bands but goes to festivals and performs with our jazz ensemble in the spring trip and spring jazz concert.
Indoor Percussion Ensemble: The Indoor Percussion Ensemble is composed of our drummers and pit percussionists. They go to many different indoor competitions and goes to wildwood every year for the final championships.
Marching Band: The Eagle Marching Band performs at all varsity football games. The Eagle Marching band took home two state titles in 2002 and 2003 for their shows the rise and fall of rome and medusa which they performed in group IV open. Now in USSBA Group III Open competitions. The Marching Band was undefeated and took home title of first place group III Open at State Championships and Northern States Championships in 2006 with their show entitled: Breaking Boundaries: The Saga of the Berlin Wall. In 2007, the Eagle Marching Band took 2nd place at NJ States, 5th place at Northern States and 6th place at Nationals in Baltimore, Maryland.
Drama.
In March 2005, the drama department performed its production of "Crazy for You", a Gershwin musical based on the original "Girl Crazy". "Crazy for You" was directed by Mr. Harris with Mr. McCaffrey as the technical director and Anthony DiDia as Music Director. 
In the dump Spring of 2006, the school presented a production of "Barnum", a show that featured a sideshow before the actual musical began. The play was directed by Mr. Harris, with production by Mr. McCaffrey and Music Direction by Anthony DiDIa. Tom Lombardi was the lighting designer for "Barnum".
In March 2007, EHS Drama put on a production of Cabaret starring several new additions to the EHS Drama team. The show incorporated songs of both the original and the revival versions. The cast and crew did not receive any Rising Star Award nominations from the Paper Mill Playhouse despite the fantastic two-week run the show had. However, the Kit Kat Girls received honorable mention for their role. The show was directed by Mr. Harris and co-directed by Mrs. Troy, with production by Mr. McCaffrey aided by Mr. Scarpa, and Music Direction by Anthony DiDia.
In March 2008, EHS Drama presented a production of "Beauty and the Beast", was directed by Kathi Troy and Brian Harris, with production by John Scarpa and Music Direction by Anthony DiDia. 
In March 2009, EHS Drama presented the production of "Bye Bye Birdie", a comedy musical. This production was directed by Staci Almquist with Music Direction by Nicholas Kaminski. 
In March 2010, EHS Drama presented "Little Shop of Horrors", directed by Kathi Tory and Music Directed by Nicholas Kaminski. The production also featured an original orchestration by Nicholas Kaminski.
In January 2011, the EHS Improv Troupe's Jordan Cohen and Michael Fernandes came in 4th place in the state in the STANJ Theater Competition at Rutgers University, marking the first official award for EHS Theater.
In March 2011, EHS Drama presented Hairspray as its spring musical, directed by Kathi Troy and choreographed by Danielle Andriano, with music direction by Nicholas Kaminski.
In December 2011, EHS Drama presented The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged) as its Fall play. This was EHS's first ever straight play.
In January 2012, the EHS Improv Troupe's Jordan Cohen and Michael Fernandes moved up from their position as 4th in the state in the STANJ Theater Competition and became first in the state. At the same competition the cast of The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged) competed in the "Scenes" category using their Romeo & Juliet scene and came in fourth in the state. These were both great achievements for the EHS Drama Club.
In April 2012, EHS Drama presented Wedding Singer as its Spring musical, directed by Kathi Troy.
In April 2013, EHS Drama presented Spamalot as its Spring musical,directed by Kathi Troy and Music Directed by Nicholas Kaminski.
Athletics.
The Edison High School Eagles compete in the Greater Middlesex Conference, made up of public and private high schools located in the Middlesex County area and operating under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association.
The Eagles won the GMC Red Division championship and won the 2007 Baseball - North II, Group IV state sectional championship with a 10-4 win versus Westfield High School.
Coach Matthew Fulham took over as the head coach of the Edison Eagles football team in 2005 from Coach Vincent A. Gioffre, Jr.. Coach Fulham's current overall record is 23-47-0.
After 32 years, the Edison High School soccer team was crowned 2011 White Division champions. The ending record was 10-3-2 overall in the county and 10-2-2 in division. After this, the Edison High School soccer coach, Brian Murtagh, was named the White Division Coach of the Year.
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="2870757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870757" title="Under the Bridge / Lady Marmalade">
Under the Bridge / Lady Marmalade

"Under the Bridge" / "Lady Marmalade" was the third single released from the All Saints debut album, "All Saints". It became their second number-one single in the UK. 
A total of 424,799 singles have been sold in the UK. The songs were covers of "Under the Bridge" by Red Hot Chili Peppers and "Lady Marmalade" by LaBelle respectively and the single was released as a double A-side. The proceeds from the single went to breast cancer charities.
"Under the Bridge" was slightly altered since it contained personal lyrics by Anthony Kiedis and the All Saints covered it because they liked the overall sound and feeling of the recording. The All Saints version contains samples of the original recording, the most important one being the distinctive guitar playing in the beginning. The original Japanese edition of the album version features a different, more R&B version of the song.
Anthony Kiedis said of All Saints' version "It was kind of funny, they looked so pretty and clean, it looked like they didn't know what they were singing about". The Red Hot Chili Peppers' original is said to deal lyrically with Kiedis's drug addiction, and the final section which contains the line "Under the bridge downtown / is where I drew some blood" was omitted in the All Saints version.
The guitar on "Under the Bridge" was played by Richard Hawley.
In Europe, a "Lady Marmalade" only single was also released.
Music video.
Both videos were shot as a set and cost £500,000 to make. The videos took four months of production before release. The girls chose to perform their own stunts in the video, and at one point Natalie Appleton was knocked over by an explosion, although she remained unhurt.
The videos are in a futuristic big city. In the "Lady Marmalade" video, there is a party which causes several floors of a tall building to cave in. The "Under the Bridge" video appears to be set immediately after as there is already a hole in the floor of the room which appears to be a bottomless pit. In reality there was a hole which was indeed one floor deep. The 3D dimensional effect was computer generated and made by the team who also made the film "Batman & Robin". Both videos were shown together as "The Bridge" at cinemas before the showing of the Quentin Tarantino film, "Jackie Brown".
Track listings and formats.
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Under the Bridge / Lady Marmalade".

</doc>
<doc id="2870758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870758" title="Fine Line">
Fine Line

"Fine Line" is a song from Paul McCartney's 2005 album, "Chaos and Creation in the Backyard". It was released 29 August 2005 as the first single from the album in the UK (see 2005 in British music). It reached number 20 on the UK Singles Chart and number 31 on the US Adult Contemporary. It also reached number 1 in Japan.
A live version is also featured on the "The Space Within US" concert DVD from 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2870760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870760" title="Johnny Lewis">
Johnny Lewis

Jonathan Kendrick "Johnny" Lewis (October 29, 1983 – September 26, 2012), also credited as Johnny K. Lewis, was an American film and television actor. Lewis is best known for playing Kip "Half-Sack" Epps in the first two seasons of the FX series "Sons of Anarchy". He also appeared in supporting roles in the films "Underclassman" (2005), "" (2007), and "The Runaways" (2010).
Career.
Lewis began making television appearances while in his late teens, with guest starring roles in "Boston Public" (2000), "The Guardian" (2001), and "American Dreams" (2002), among others. His debut feature film performance premiered in 2004, in New Line Cinema's "Raise Your Voice", and he followed that up with Miramax Films' "Underclassman" in 2005. He co-starred as Pearce Chase, one of five siblings on the Fox series "Quintuplets", and appeared in the movie "Raise Your Voice" (2004) alongside Hilary Duff. He guest starred in four episodes of the Nickelodeon television series "Drake & Josh" as Scottie, one of Drake's bandmates, and from 2005 to 2006, he played Dennis "Chili" Childress on "The O.C.". Lewis also had a guest spot in the third episode of "Smallville" season 5.
He also starred in the film "Magic Valley" (2011), which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival. Lewis was well known for his role as prospect biker Kip "Half-Sack" Epps in the first two seasons of the FX original series "Sons of Anarchy".
Personal life.
Relationships.
In the summer of 2009, Lewis learned he and his then-girlfriend, actress Diane Marshall-Greene, were expecting a baby. The couple had split up by April 6, 2010, when the couple's daughter, Culla May, was born, but briefly attempted sharing a residence. That did not work, and Lewis moved out, after which the couple engaged in a "long and painful" custody battle which Lewis ultimately lost.
Religion.
Lewis was born in a "Jewish-oriented household" to family that also practiced Scientology; his parents attained the highest available level within Scientology, called “Operating Thetan", or OT VIII. He starred in Scientology training films, and was a sponsor of the Scientology drug rehabilitation front group Narconon. Lewis left the Church of Scientology in his early 20s.
Legal troubles.
Lewis was arrested three times between 2011 and 2012. In January 2012, he struck two men in the head with a bottle while engaged in a fight. He pleaded no contest to charges of assault with a deadly weapon in the case. The second arrest came about six weeks after the first, with Lewis accused of attempting to break into a woman's home. He pleaded no contest in that case as well. Considering the cases, a probation official expressed that he was "very concerned for the well-being of not only the community but that of the defendant", that Lewis suffered from mental health issues as well as chemical dependency, and that Lewis would "continue to be a threat to any community he may reside in". Lewis was released from a Los Angeles County, California, jail on September 24th, 2012, two days before his death.
Psychiatric misdiagnosis.
On October 30, 2011, Lewis suffered head injuries from a high-speed motorcycle accident. Though an MRI was indicated, and Lewis' father scheduled MRI tests twice, Lewis refused to take them. Lewis' father also states that he "pursued and encouraged psychiatric treatment for his son. It was Johnny who refused to comply." He started manifesting bizarre and illogical behavior from that point on and concurrent to his ensuing legal troubles. 
His medical discharge summary, dated January 11, 2012, states that Lewis was suffering from "Ecchymosis, periorbital," or basal skull fracture, with likely internal hemorrhaging. Each of Lewis' psychiatrists and mental health evaluators knew about this data, on medical record, yet the diagnosis persisted as "drug-induced psychosis", despite the fact that Lewis never once during the final year of his life tested positive for drugs. Symptoms of brain injury include sensitivity to light, unfocused eyes, illogical, sometimes violent behavior, inability to make decisions, all of which Lewis manifested. His sensitivity to light was such that he would prefer to sit in a room with all the lights out, illuminated by one candle. The Lewis family repeatedly pointed to this evidence, yet the drug abuse diagnosis and treatment persisted. Though he may have in the past experimented with drugs, they were not a factor in his troubles during his final year. 
However, as Bill Jensen reports in "Los Angeles" magazine, Lewis and his attorneys pushed for rehab for marijuana addiction, then when that didn't fly, for alcoholism, to avoid trial.
The treatment for brain injury is complete and total rest for several months. Lewis was not afforded this during most of his final year. There was a time, however, when he was able to mainly rest for a month or so, at Ridgeview Ranch, in the hills of Altadena, California. His health, vision, and reasoning abilities were returning. He was seeing friends, speaking to directors, writing, and making plans for a return to show business through stage acting. A journal entry from this period reads, "Felt more whole today...more real, more complete, like parts of myself had been stolen in my sleep and scattered all over the world and now they've begun to return. So I think better, my thoughts aren't being sent off on their own."
In early August 2012, Lewis was well enough to be granted provisional out-patient status. He made a deal with the District Attorney of the San Fernando Court - his freedom for "time served". Lewis was assured that he would likely simply just spend a couple more days in jail, no more. The couple days turned into nearly two more months, during which he suffered a severe downturn in health and spirits. Released from jail September 21st, he determined to make his own way and get his life together.
Death.
On September 26, 2012, Lewis and his 81-year-old landlady, Catherine Davis (known by most of her tenants as “Miss Cathy"), were found dead at Davis' home, called the Writers Villa, located at 3605 Lowry Road in the Los Feliz area of Los Angeles, California. Officers from the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) found Lewis' body on the home's driveway. Davis was found dead inside the villa, which appeared to have been ransacked. Broken glass and a dead cat were found inside, as well. Davis' death was investigated as a homicide, in which Lewis was a suspect, and it is now determined that Lewis broke into the house, murdered Davis, and killed her cat. According to multiple reports, police were called to the scene after neighbors heard the 81-year-old woman screaming. 
Neighbors told police they saw a man jump the fence on the Davis property, assault a painter and a homeowner next door, then jump back over the fence. According to the LAPD, Lewis then either fell or jumped from the roof, garage, or patio of Davis' villa. An autopsy report released on November 29, 2012 stated that Lewis did not have any drugs or alcohol in his system when he died. Lewis had a history of drug abuse, leading to speculation by his attorney that the actor may have suffered a drug-induced psychosis when he allegedly killed his landlady. However, toxicology reports came back negative for marijuana, cocaine, alcohol, psychedelic drugs, or anti-psychotic medication. The autopsy report did indicate he had suffered partial strangulation and had fingernail marks on his neck when he died. There was no indication that Lewis had been pushed or that he jumped from the roof in an act of suicide. His death was ruled accidental.

</doc>
<doc id="2870761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870761" title="Process costing">
Process costing

Process costing is an accounting methodology that traces and accumulates direct costs, and allocates indirect costs of a manufacturing process. Costs are assigned to products, usually in a large batch, which might include an entire month's production. Eventually, costs have to be allocated to individual units of product. It assigns average costs to each unit, and is the opposite extreme of Job costing which attempts to measure individual costs of production of each unit. Process costing is usually a significant chapter. it is a method of assigning costs to units of production in companies producing large quantities of homogeneous products.
Process costing is a type of operation costing which is used to ascertain the cost of a product at each process or stage of manufacture. CIMA defines process costing as "The costing method applicable where goods or services result from a sequence of continuous or repetitive operations or processes. Costs are averaged over the units produced during the period".
Process costing is suitable for industries producing homogeneous products and where production is a continuous flow. A process can be referred to as the sub-unit of an organization specifically defined for cost collection purpose.
The importance of process costing.
Costing is an important process that many companies engage in to keep track of where their money is being spent in the production and distribution processes. Understanding these costs is the first step in being able to control them. It is very important that a company chooses the appropriate type of costing system for their product type and industry. One type of costing system that is used in certain industries is process costing that varies from other types of costing (such as 
job costing) in some ways. In process costing unit costs are more like averages, the process-costing system requires less bookkeeping than does a job-order costing system. Thus, some companies often prefer to use the process-costing system.
When process costing is applied?
Process costing is appropriate for companies that produce a continuous mass of like units through series of operations or process. Also, when one order does not affect the production process and a standardization of the process and product exists. However, if there are significant differences among the costs of various products, a process costing system would not provide adequate product-cost information. Costing is generally used in such industries such as petroleum, coal mining, chemicals, textiles, paper, plastic, glass, and food.
Reasons for use.
Companies need to allocate total product costs to units of product for the following reasons: 
Process cost procedures.
There are four basic steps in accounting for Process cost:
The journal entries for process costing are the same as those for job-order costing with one exception. The entry to transfer cost from one work-in-process account to another is:
Work-in-process inventory-second department Debit (Left)
Work-in-process-first department Credit (Right)
e.g.(1) Micro Labs Company produces house paint in two processing departments: the Mixing Department which mixes the paint colors and the Finishing Department which puts the paint in containers and labels them. The following information related to the company’s operation for October follows:
A) Raw materials were issued for use in production: Mixing department, $551,000, and the Finishing department, $629,000.
B) Direct labor costs incurred: Mixing department $230,000, and Finishing department $270,000. C) Manufacturing overhead cost applied: Mixing department $665,000, and Finishing department, $405,000. D) The cost of the mixed paint transferred from the Mixing department to the Finishing department was $1,850,000. E) Paint that had been prepared for shipping was transferred from the Finishing department to Finished Goods. Cost of the transferred paint was $3,200,000.
Required: Prepare journal entries to record items A) through E) above.
Solution(1):
e.g.(2) Larney Corporation uses process costing. A number of transactions that occurred in June are listed below. As follows:
A) Raw materials that cost $38,200 are withdrawn from the storeroom for use in the Mixing Department. B) Direct labor costs incurred $36,500,in the Mixing Department. C) Manufacturing overhead of $42,100 is applied in the Mixing Department. D) Units with a carrying cost of $112,400 finish processing in the Mixing Department and are transferred to the Drying Department for further processing. E) Units with a carrying cost of $143,800 finish processing in the Drying Department, the final step in the production process, and are transferred to the finished goods warehouse. F) Finished goods with a carrying cost of $138,500
Required: Prepare journal entries to record items A) through F).
Solution (2):
Operation cost in batch manufacturing.
Batch costing is a modification of job costing. When production is repetitive nature and consists of a definite number of articles, batch is used. In batch costing, the most important problem is to determine the optimum size of the batch that follows the fact that production of two elements of costs:

</doc>
<doc id="2870763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2870763" title="A.C. Pavia">
A.C. Pavia

Associazione Calcio Pavia is an Italian football club, based in Pavia, Lombardy. Pavia currently play in Lega Pro Prima Divisione group A, having last been in Serie B in 1955.
History.
The club was founded in 1911. 
Benny Carbone played for the club from 2008 to 2010, before becoming the coach at the end of the 2010-11 season, saving the team from relegation.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are blue and white.
Current squad.
"As of 5 September 2012."

</doc>
