<doc id="2847218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847218" title="Fred Dretske">
Fred Dretske

Frederick Irwin Dretske (December 9, 1932 – July 24, 2013) was an American philosopher noted for his contributions to epistemology and the philosophy of mind.
Born to Frederick and Hattie Dretske, he first planned to be an engineer, attending Purdue University. He changed his mind after taking the university's only philosophy course, deciding philosophy was the only thing he wanted to do in his life.
After graduating in 1954 with a degree in electrical engineering and serving in the Army, he enrolled in graduate school in philosophy at the University of Minnesota, where he received his PhD in 1960. His dissertation, supervised by May Brodbeck, was on the philosophy of time.
Dretske’s first academic appointment was to the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1960, where he rose to the rank of full Professor. In 1988 he was recruited to Stanford University, where he was the Bella and Eloise Mabury Knapp Professor of Philosophy. He remained at Stanford until his retirement in 1998, after which he was Professor Emeritus in Philosophy at Stanford and Senior Research Scholar in Philosophy at Duke University until his death.
Dretske held externalist views about the mind, and thus he tried in various writings to show that by means of mere introspection one actually learns about his or her own mind less than might be expected. His later work centered on conscious experience and self-knowledge, and he was awarded the Jean Nicod Prize in 1994.
Upon his death, he was survived by his second wife Judith Fortson, by his children Kathleen Dretske and Ray Dretske, and by a stepson, Ryan Fortson.
Major philosophical contributions.
Dretske’s first book, "Seeing and Knowing", deals with the question of what is required to know that something is the case on the basis of what is seen. According to the theory presented in Seeing and Knowing, for a subject S to be able to see that an object b has property P is:
(i) for b to be P
(ii) for S to see b
(iii) for the conditions under which S sees b to be such that b would not look the way it now looks to S unless it were P
and (iv) for S, believing that conditions are as described in (iii), to take b to be P.
For instance, for me to see that the soup is boiling - to know, by seeing, that it is boiling - is for the soup to be boiling, for me to see the soup, for the conditions under which I see the soup to be such that it would not look the way it were not boiling, and for me to believe that the soup is boiling on that basis.
Dretske’s next book, "Knowledge and the Flow of Information" (1981), returns to the topic of knowledge gained via perception but substantially changes the theory. Dretske had become convinced that information theory was required to make sense of knowledge (and also belief). He signaled this change at the beginning of the new book, opening the Preface with the lines “In the beginning there was information. The word came later.” Information, understood in Dretske’s sense, is something that exists as an objective and mind-independent feature of the natural world and can be quantified. Dretske offers the following theory of information:
A signal r carries the information that s is F = The conditional probability of s’s being F, given r (and k), is 1 (but, given k alone, less than 1).
Thus, for a red light (r) to carry the information that a goal (s) has been scored (is F) is for the probability that a goal has been scored, given that the light is red (and given my background knowledge of the world, k), to be one (but less than one given just my background knowledge).
With this theory of information, Dretske then argued that for a knower, K, to know that s is F = K’s belief that s is F is caused (or causally sustained) by the information that s is F.
His theory of knowledge thus replaced conscious appearances with the idea that the visual state of the observer carries information, thereby minimizing appeal to the mysteries of consciousness in explaining knowledge.
Dretske’s work on belief begins in the last third of Knowledge and the Flow of Information, but the theory changed again in the book that followed, Explaining Behavior (1988). There Dretske claims that actions are the causing of movements by mental states, rather than the movements themselves. Action is thus a partly mental process itself, not a mere product of a mental process. For the meaning - the content - of a belief to explain an action, on this view, is for the content of the belief to explain why it is that the mental state is part of a process that leads to the movement it does.
According to "Explaining Behavior", a belief that s is F is a brain state that has been recruited (through operant conditioning) to be part of movement-causing processes because of the fact that it did, when recruited, carry the information that s is F. Being recruited because of carrying information gives a thing (such as a brain state) the function of carrying that information, on Dretske’s view, and having the function of carrying information makes that thing a representation.
Beliefs are thus mental representations that contribute to movement production because of their contents (saying P is why the brain state is recruited to cause movement), and so form components of the process known as acting for a reason.
An important feature of Dretske’s account of belief is that, although brain states are recruited to control action because they carry information, there is no guarantee that they will continue to do so. Yet, once they have been recruited for carrying information, they have the function of carrying information, and continue to have that function even if they no longer carry information. This is how misrepresentation enters the world.
Dretske’s last monograph is on consciousness: this is 1995’s "Naturalizing the Mind". Between the representational theory of belief, desire, and action in Explaining Behavior and the representational theory of consciousness found in Naturalizing the Mind, Dretske aimed to give full support to what he calls the “Representational Thesis.” This is the claim that:
(1) All mental facts are representational facts, and
(2) All representational facts are facts about informational functions.
In "Naturalizing the Mind" Dretske argues that when a brain state acquires, through natural selection, the function of carrying information, then it is a mental representation suited (with certain provisos) to being a state of consciousness. Representations that get their functions through being recruited by operant conditioning, on the other hand, are beliefs, just as he held in "Explaining Behavior".
In addition to the subjects tackled in Dretske’s book-length projects, he was also known as a leading proponent, along with David Armstrong and Michael Tooley, of the view that laws of nature are relations among universals.

</doc>
<doc id="2847241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847241" title="Boulak Bridge">
Boulak Bridge

The Boulak Bridge (also called the Boulac Bridge, Abou El Ela Bridge, Abou al-Ela Bridge) was a bridge that crossed the Nile River in Cairo, Egypt. It linked Gezira Island to Bulaq.
History.
The bridge was designed and built between 1908 and 1912 by William Scherzer. It had a rolling and locking mechanism used for opening it to river traffic and was 274.5 metres long and 20 meters wide. The Boulak Bridge was demolished in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="2847250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847250" title="List of Mexican artists">
List of Mexican artists

This is a list of famous Mexican artists (in alphabetical order):

</doc>
<doc id="2847252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847252" title="Monastery of São Vicente de Fora">
Monastery of São Vicente de Fora

The Church or Monastery of São Vicente de Fora; meaning "Monastery of St. Vincent Outside the Walls" is a 17th-century church and monastery in the city of Lisbon, Portugal. It is one of the most important monasteries and mannerist buildings in the country. The monastery also contains the royal pantheon of the Braganza monarchs of Portugal.
History and art.
The original Monastery of São Vicente de Fora was founded around 1147 by the first Portuguese King, Afonso Henriques, for the Augustinian Order. The Monastery, built in Romanesque style outside the city walls, was one of the most important monastic foundations in mediaeval Portugal. It is dedicated to Saint Vincent of Saragossa, patron saint of Lisbon, whose relics were brought from the Algarve to Lisbon in the 12th century.
The present buildings are the result of a reconstruction ordered by King Philip II of Spain, who had become King of Portugal (as Philip I) after a succession crisis in 1580. The church of the monastery was built between 1582 and 1629, while other monastery buildings were finished only in the 18th century. The author of the design of the church is thought to be the Italian Jesuit Filippo Terzi and/or the Spaniard Juan de Herrera. The plans were followed and modified by "Leonardo Turriano", Baltazar Álvares, "Pedro Nunes Tinoco" and "João Nunes Tinoco".
The church of the Monastery has a majestic, austere façade that follows the later Renaissance style known as Mannerism. The façade, attributed to Baltazar Álvares, has several niches with statues of saints and is flanked by two towers (a model that would become widespread in Portugal). The lower part of the façade has three arches that lead to the galilee (entrance hall). The floorplan of the church reveals a Latin cross building with a one-aisled nave with lateral chapels. The church is covered by barrel vaulting and has a huge dome over the crossing. The general design of the church interior follows that of the prototypic church of Il Gesù, in Rome.
The beautiful main altarpiece is a Baroque work of the 18th century by one of the best Portuguese sculptors, Joaquim Machado de Castro. The altarpiece has the shape of a baldachin and is decorated with a large number of statues. The church also boasts several fine altarpieces in the lateral chapels.
The Monastery buildings are reached through a magnificent baroque portal, located beside the church façade. Inside, the entrance is decorated with blue-white 18th century tiles that tell the history of the Monastery, including scenes of the Siege of Lisbon in 1147. The ceiling of the room has an illusionistic painting executed in 1710 by the Italian "Vincenzo Baccarelli". The sacristy of the Monastery is exuberantly decorated with polychromed marble and painting. The cloisters are also notable for the 18th century tiles that recount fables of La Fontaine, among other themes.
Braganza Pantheon.
In 1834, after the religious orders were dissolved in Portugal, the monastery was transformed into a palace for the archbishops of Lisbon. Some decades later, King Ferdinand II transformed the monks' old refectory into a pantheon for the kings of the House of Braganza. Their tombs were transferred from the main chapel to this room.

</doc>
<doc id="2847264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847264" title="World Gliding Championships">
World Gliding Championships

The World Gliding Championships (WGC) is a gliding competition held every two years or so by the FAI Gliding Commission. The dates are not always exactly two years apart, often because the contests are sometimes held in the summer in the Southern Hemisphere.
Gliding had been a demonstration sport at the 1936 Summer Olympics and was due to become an official Olympic sport in the Helsinki Games in 1940. However since the Second World War, gliding has not featured in the Olympics, and so the World Championships are the highest level in the sport. There are now contests for six classes of glider and so in recent years the Championships have been divided between two locations. The women's, junior, grand prix and aerobatic events are also held separately.
World Gliding Championships.
Each of the following entries give the year and location of the contest followed by the winner of each class, nationality and the glider used.
A list of future events is available here
World Grand Prix Gliding Championships.
Gliding Grand Prix, or Sailplane Grand Prix (SGP), is a newer type of gliding competition. It has simpler rules and a more spectacular appearance than conventional soaring competitions.
Women's World Gliding Championships.
The Women's World Gliding Championships (WWGC) is a women-only gliding competition. From 1979 to 1999 women's gliding competitions were held as International European Women's Gliding Championships.
Junior World Gliding Championships.
The Junior World Gliding Championships (JWGC) is a competition for glider pilots under the age of 26. From 1991 to 1997, international junior gliding competitions were held as European Junior Gliding Championships.
FAI World Glider Aerobatic Championships.
World Glider Aerobatic Championships take place each year (every two years until 2011) since 1985 under the auspices of the FAI. They are administrated by the FAI Aerobatics Commission "Commission Internationale de Voltige Aerienne" (CIVA). The 2001 championships were part of the World Air Games. Since 1994, European Glider Aerobatic Championships are held in the years between the World Championships. Since 2010, an additional event is organized in a slightly less demanding "Advanced" category - the World Advanced Glider Aerobatic Championships (WAGAC). WAGAC is organized yearly, usually accompanying the WGAC.

</doc>
<doc id="2847269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847269" title="Utagawa Kunisada II">
Utagawa Kunisada II

Utagawa Kunisada II (歌川国定)(1823–1880) was a Japanese "ukiyo-e" printmaker, one of three to take the name "Utagawa Kunisada."
A pupil of Utagawa Kunisada I, he signed much of his early work "Baidō Kunimasa III." He took the name Kunisada after marrying his master's eldest daughter in 1846. He changed his name once more following his master's death, to Toyokuni III. However, since there were three artists called Toyokuni before him, Kunisada II is now often known as Toyokuni IV.
Kunisada II is renowned for his prints. His favourite subjects were pleasure-houses and tea ceremonies. These themes are sometimes found together in some of his prints, as geishas usually acted as chaperones at tea-houses.
Signatures.
Kunisada II usually signed prints either 国貞画 (Kunisada "ga", drawn by Kunisada) or 国貞筆 (Kunisada "hitsu", from the brush of Kunisada). He did not sign prints “Kunisada II”. His signature may be distinguished from that of Kunisada I in that the "sada" kanji is straight in the signature of Kunisada I, but angular in the signature of Kunisada II (see figure).

</doc>
<doc id="2847274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847274" title="Maharaja of Mysore">
Maharaja of Mysore

Maharaja of Mysore was the principal title of the ruler of the Kingdom of Mysore in India.
The Wodeyar dynasty founded a feudatory principality in 1399, which grew into the Kingdom of Mysore. The Wodeyars ruled that kingdom almost uninterruptedly between 1399 and 1947; they ruled initially as vassals of the Vijayanagara Empire (1399-1565), then as independent rulers (1565-1761), then as puppet rulers under Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan (1761-1796) and finally as allies of the British crown (1799-1947). The Wodeyars of Mysore is the only Indian Royal family in the 5000-year-history of India (right from the times of Ramayana) to have ruled a kingdom for more than 500 years. The Maharajas of Mysore during these 650 years were:
Maharajas of Mysore.
Absolute monarchy
Wodeyar Dynasty (First rule, 1399-1732).
Wodeyar Dynasty (deviated from Yaduvamsha/ the Yadu clan) (Perpetual rule, 1732-1761).
Reign of the Kings of Mysore (Wodeyar line) is interrupted from 1796 until 1799.
Wodeyar Dynasty (Second rule, 1799-1950).
Monarchy abolished
Wodeyar Dynasty (Informal titular rule, 1950-).
Private Mysore Durbar

</doc>
<doc id="2847289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847289" title="Unified Socialist Party (France)">
Unified Socialist Party (France)

The Unified Socialist Party () was a socialist political party in France, founded on April 3, 1960. It was originally led by Édouard Depreux (from its creation to 1967), and by Michel Rocard (1967–1973).
History.
PSU was born through the fusion of the Autonomous Socialist Party (PSA), the Socialist Left Union (UGS), and the group around the journal "Tribune du Communisme". The latter was a splinter-group of the French Communist Party (PCF), which had left after the 1956 inner conflict caused by the Soviet invasion of Hungary. The PSA and the UGS was a splinter-group of the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) party, which had left in due to the repressive policy of the SFIO Prime Minister Guy Mollet during the Algerian War of Independence and his support to General Charles de Gaulle's return and the advent of the Fifth Republic under the military pressure. The three groups were closely linked from 1958. In 1961, the newly formed party was joined by Pierre Mendès-France, after he had left the Radical Party, and by Alain Savary, a former SFIO member as opposed as Mendès-France was to Charles de Gaulle's return to power in the turmoil of the May 1958 crisis.
In 1965, the PSU aligned with the SFIO and the PCF in supporting the candidacy of François Mitterrand in the presidential election. In contrast with the established socialist parties, the PSU also supported the student riots of May 1968; it subsequently moved away from cooperation with the Socialist Party (PS) which succeeded to the SFIO after 1969, and developed its own program, based on "autogestion" (workers' self-management).
Michel Rocard was the PSU candidate for the 1969 presidential elections, obtaining 3.61% of the vote in the first round.
The party again campaigned for Mitterrand in the 1974 presidential elections — a move which encountered the opposition of the PSU's own supporters at grassroots level; the PSU did not sign Mitterrand's "Common programme of the Left" (agreed with the Communists), and a sizeable section of the party activists, led by Michel Rocard and Robert Chapuis, left to join the renewed Socialist Party (believing that they could better function as a leftist tendency with the PS). The PSU supported the self-managed Lip factory.
PSU introduced Huguette Bouchardeau as its candidate for the 1981 presidential elections; she obtained 1.1% of the vote in the first round. In the 1988 presidential elections, the PSU supported the communist dissident candidate Pierre Juquin, who obtained 2.1% of the votes in the first round. In 1989, PSU merged with the New Left for Socialism, Ecology and Self-management (Juquin's movement), and formed the Red and Green Alternatives (nowadays integrated in the group "Les Alternatifs").

</doc>
<doc id="2847295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847295" title="Daigunder">
Daigunder

Plot.
Set in the future where talking robots are common, there is a tournament where robot teams pit off against each other in. The Battle Robots look like humans and transforming animals.
A boy named Akira Akebono plans to win the Titan Belt with his robots Bulion, Eaglearrow, Drimog, Bonerex, Despector, Trihorn, Ryugu and also Daigu who form the mighty Daigunder. The Daigunder unit was a creation of Akira's grandfather, Professor Hajime Akebono. Managed by a girl named Haruka Hoshi (later spelled "Haruka" in the closed captioning of the dub), Team Akira enters many tournaments for Akira to reach his goal. However, there are many occasions when a Battle Robot named Ginsan is out to destroy Daigunder. Ginsan does this under the orders of the evil and mysterious Professor Maelstrom and he is later joined by digamal & logmal. Akira and his friends soon find a new ally in DragonBurst, and new comrades in his assistants, DragonFlame & DragonFreezer.
Characters.
Team Akira.
Akira and his robots' base of operations is Dailand and they get around in the Daishuttle, their plane. Team Akira's Battle Robots consist of the Daigunder Unit (Ryugu, Daigu, DragonFlame and DragonFreezer), the Animal Unit (Bulion, Eaglearrow and Drimog), and the Dino Unit (Bonerex, Despector and Trihorn). When damaged, Sabuto gives them upgrades whenever they need it.
Daigunder Unit.
Ryugu <br>
Daigu/Daigunder 
A creation of Professor Hajime, is the Metamorphic Fusion of Ryugu and Daigu. Nicknamed the "King of the Battle Robots", he was equipped with special system called the Cluster System. Daigunder can attack his enemies with his Dragon Cannon (his finisher) and Dragon Sword. Despector can on his left arm he can perform the Echo Blast. When Both DragonFlame and DragonFreeze weapon use with Daigunder, it can use its most powerful attack, the "Dragon Buster". He can also combine with DragoBurst.

</doc>
<doc id="2847296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847296" title="1968 in Australia">
1968 in Australia


</doc>
<doc id="2847301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847301" title="1969 in Australia">
1969 in Australia

"See also:" 
1968 in Australia, 
other events of 1969, 
1970 in Australia and the 
Timeline of Australian history.

</doc>
<doc id="2847303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847303" title="Universities in Bangladesh">
Universities in Bangladesh

Universities in Bangladesh represent about 75 academic bodies out of a total of about 105 institutions represent the conventional higher education institution (HEI) in Bangladesh. Segmented by management and financial structure, these include 34 public universities, 56 private universities, 2 international universities, 31 specialized colleges, and 2 special universities. There are specialized universities in both categories offering courses principally in technological studies, medical studies, business studies and Islamic studies. There are two private universities dedicated solely to female students. The number of universities is growing mostly in and around the capital city of Dhaka. 
There are about 1688 colleges organized under the umbrella of National University - one of the largest in the world. The Open University offers distance learning courses. There also is a parallel religious high-ed education system. 
University Grants Commission of Bangladesh (UGC) serves as the regulatory body of all the public (government funded) and private universities of Bangladesh. The Private University Act of 1992 paved the way for vigorous sprouting of private universities. 80% of its universities are in their infancy. The country has severed shortage in higher education capacity. The country is yet to have any research and education network (REN) or digital library consortium (DLC).
Public University.
Bangladesh has 35 public universities instructing the bulk of higher studies students. These universities that are funded by the Government and managed as self-governed government institutions. Public universities in Bangladesh are highly subsidized, and apart from Dhaka University and Jahangirnagar University are principally residential.
Criticism and controversy.
There has been much criticism and controversial issues around public universities in Bangladesh. Public universities had become places of political unrest and agitation. 12 of the public universities were reported to employ a total of 1,994 unauthorized faculty and staff, resulting an annual overspend of 159,467,000.00 Bangladeshi taka borne by the government. All were warned by the UGC, but apparently failed to respond to the warning. Student unrest has resulted in session jams and delays in holding examinations. During the presidency of Hossain Mohammad Ershad (1982-90) seven to eight years were being required to complete four years courses.
Private Universities.
Private universities in Bangladesh came into being after institution of the Private University Act of 1992. As of 2008, over 55 of them have come into being. These universities follow an open credit system.
Criticism and controversy.
There has been much controversy around the private universities, and their practices. 11 universities went operational without a UGC approval which was made a necessity under the Private University Act (1992) in Bangladesh. 27 private universities in Bangladesh were found running without a Vice-Chancellor. 10 universities were issued a deadline of one year from the UGC to improve qualities. Eight universities the UGC of Bangladesh recommended for shutting down due to poor quality of academic standards. Some were served with show-cause notice by judicial authorities asking why it would not be closed down. Some of these universities introduced new academic courses without UGC approval along with a number of other private universities. Some others were found to deliver instructions in unauthorized courses and have illegal campuses.

</doc>
<doc id="2847308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847308" title="Yekusiel Yehuda Teitelbaum (II)">
Yekusiel Yehuda Teitelbaum (II)

Yekusiel Yehuda (Zalmen Leib) Teitelbaum (1911– 18 May 1944) was Chief Rabbi of Sighet, Romania, from 1936-1944.
Biography.
Teitelbaum was the eldest son of Rabbi Chaim Tzvi Teitelbaum ("Atzei Chaim" - d. 1926) and a brother of Rabbi Moshe Teitelbaum. He was born in Máramarossziget, Hungary in 1911. At the age of 14 he was a successor to a long chain of Uhel-Sziget Rebbe's.
In his first marriage, he married Ruchel, daughter of his uncle Rabbi Joel Teitelbaum. Ruchel died after 18 months of marriage and Teitelbaum remarried Gitel Yehudis, the daughter of his other uncle Rabbi Zusha Halberstam son of Rabbi Shalom Eliezer Halberstam of Ujfeherto (Ratzfert).
The Holocaust.
In May 1944, he was sent along with the first of four transports of the Jewish Community in Máramarossziget to the Auschwitz concentration camp where he was murdered in the early morning hours of May 18 in the gas chambers, together with his wife and his two children Chaim Tzvi and Ruchel.
Further reading.
In 2004 "Yad Yekusiel" was published by Joel Rubin about Teitelbaum's life, as well of some of the responsa that were left from him after the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="2847320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847320" title="Leather Jackets (film)">
Leather Jackets (film)

Leather Jackets is a 1992 film directed and written by Lee Drysdale. The movie was shot on Highland Park, Los Angeles, California in 1990. Filming took place in 1990. However it was not released until 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="2847324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847324" title="Huckleberry Railroad">
Huckleberry Railroad

The Huckleberry Railroad is a narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Genesee Township, Michigan, just north of Flint. The railroad operates alongside Crossroads Village which is operated by the Genesee County Parks and Recreation Commission.
The railroad received its name due to the story that a person could jump off the train, pick wild huckleberries, and re-board the train without difficulty, as it traveled so slowly.
History.
The Huckleberry Railroad began operating in 1857 as part of the Flint River Railroad. The Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad Company was organized on June 22, 1857 where the branch line from Flint to Otter Lake was constructed under the Flint River Railroad Charter and opened in 1872. It later came to be known as the Otter Lake Branch. Eventually the track was extended by another 4.5 miles from Otter Lake to Fostoria, for a total of 19.5 miles from Flint to Fostoria.
The Pere Marquette Railway was absorbed by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway. The C&O and other railroad lines merged with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to become the Chessie System. The Chessie System later merged with Seaboard System Railroad and became CSX Transportation.
The Huckleberry Railroad was so named because it ran so slow. A person could jump off the train, pick a few huckleberries, and jump back on the train with minimum effort.
Rolling Stock.
The Huckleberry Railroad owns several locomotives and many pieces of rolling stock. Two locomotives have even been restored to operating condition. Former Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad 464, an K-27 class, known as "mudhens", 2-8-2 steam locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1903, pulls vintage wooden passenger cars over a line originally called the Flint River Railroad (later the Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad, then the Pere Marquette Railway, and most recently the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway), along the shores of Mott Lake. The other engine used is former (Alaskan Railroad) #152, a ten-wheeler built in 1920 at the Baldwin Locomotive Works. #152 is currently undergoing an extensive service/rebuild and is expected to go back into service by 2016.
The other engines owned by The Huckleberry Railroad are:
Former (National Tube Works) General-Electric 50 ton #7
Former (Badger Army Ammunition) Plymouth #11
Former (American Smelting and Refining Co.) Plymouth JCD #5
Former (Potosi & Rio Verde) 1904 Baldwin 2-8-0 #4 (Out-Of-Service) (On Display)
Former (Quincy & Torch Lake) 1894 Brooks 2-6-0 #3 (Out-Of-Service) (On 99-Year Lease from Q&TL)

</doc>
<doc id="2847333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847333" title="WUSN">
WUSN

WUSN is an FM radio station in Chicago, Illinois, The station broadcasts on 99.5 MHz and is a country radio station owned by CBS Radio. The station focuses on country music from the '90s, along with current product and some classic country from the '70s and '80s.
The station broadcasts from a transmitter atop John Hancock Center, and its studios are located at Two Prudential Plaza in the Loop.
History.
99.5 WEFM/99-"We" FM.
Until 1978, 99.5 was classical WEFM, one of the first US FM stations, and the second station in the United States to broadcast in FM stereo. The station was owned by the Zenith Radio Corporation, now Zenith Electronics Corporation. It started as WWZR in 1940 on 45.1, also as W51C, then on 98.5 when the FM band moved. It changed to 99.5 and WEFM (named for Zenith executive Eugene F. McDonald) during the late 40s, which it was until it was sold. During this time, the only commercials were for Zenith, one each hour, usually directing listeners to their Display Salon on Michigan Avenue, "Where no sales are made."
In the early 1970s Zenith agreed to sell WEFM to General Cinema Corporation, which intended to change the station's call letters to WICV (pseudo-Roman numerals for 99.5) and institute a rock format. Objections from listeners delayed the format change until May 1978, at which time General Cinema converted the station to a top 40 format but decided not to change the call sign, branding the operation as 99-"We"-FM. Morning shows were hosted by Dan Walker, the (Illinois) governor of Rock and Roll (formerly of WDHF/WMET 95½) and joined by Willak. Afternoons featured "Cox on the Radio". Other disk jockeys during the top 40 era included John Calhoun and Ken Cocker.
The WEFM call sign is now used on 95.9 FM in nearby Michigan City, Indiana, which also is imaged as "We-FM."
US*99.
In the early 1981, WEFM briefly flipped to a Soft Vocals format. In 1982, newly purchased by First Media Corporation, WEFM flipped to WUSN ("US*99"). The station was dark for several weeks while the ownership, the United States Navy, and the FCC came to agreement on the new call sign. When it came back on the air, the station called itself US99, but at the top of the hour ID had to continue using the WEFM call letters. The initial promotion was a guarantee of always playing four songs in a row, offering up $10,000 to the first person to call should they fail in the promise. The first day on the air, a disc jockey claimed to get his carts mixed up and only played three. A check was cut for the lucky listener who called in first. Within 48 hours, another mistake was made, and another $10,000 check was given away. It was in light of the continuing lapses of judgement that major changes were made in the staff. Chief among them was First Media's transfer of Lee Logan from KFMK in Houston to Chicago to take the helm as Program Director, following a brief stint by Dan Walker. Lee's first choice as morning man was Don Wade, who featured the always opinionated character Sheriff C.W. Turnipseed and his ever-present spitoon, and Don's wife, whom he always referred to as "The Lovely Roma Jean". Corporate management decided to bring in shock-Jock Gary Dee as the new morning man, an experiment that met with limited success. Under Lee's leadership, the station took on four country music competitors in Chicago: 670 WMAQ, 1160 WJJD (flipped to Music of Your Life in 1982), WJEZ 104.3 (formerly WJJD-FM, which flipped to oldies as WJMK "Magic" 104 in 1984, and then "Jack FM" in 2005), and WKXK (now WLS-FM). Having taken US99 to the top of the heap as the most listened to Country station in the nation, Lee Logan departed US99 in 1987 for Los Angeles. The station's only competitors presently are suburban stations WCCQ, which covers the southwest suburbs and WLJE, which covers Northwest Indiana.
WUSN was owned for years by First Media after it debuted in 1982. In 1992, Infinity Broadcasting bought WUSN. CBS bought Infinity in 1997, making WUSN a CBS owned station. But then sold to Ken Clark of " Ken Clark Enterprises " from 2002 to 2012. And then in March of 2012 CBS repurchased WUSN back. WUSN dominates as a country station and is one of the top ranked country stations anywhere.
Controversy And Other Suches.
On April 13, 2001 a memo from WUSN management demanding that all on-air employees of WUSN-FM attend the George Strait Country Music Festival on May 26, 2001 at their own expense and "work the crowd" on behalf of the station was leaked to the Chicago Sun-Times newspaper.
On July 7, 2003, country music radio personality Cliff Dumas sued Infinity Broadcasting Corporation and WUSN-FM in United States District Court, seeking monetary damages. Dumas alleged that WUSN management had induced him to resign gainful employment at a New Mexico radio station to take a job at WUSN which was offered but then never materialized.
In May of 2014 WUSN hires part time D.J. Steve Shannon. Steve drives from Webb City, Mo where he works at the ACE Hardware Store. He drives the drive in 2 hours from Webb City to Chicago. On May 28, 2014 Steve got a speeding ticket. He had to argue with the cops to explain his situation to get to work. The police tried to arrest him. But when he got them to call US 99.5 and explain. The cop let him off the hook without further incident. Steve still continues to do fill-ins and also Sundays from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Every Sunday. Now Steve also has a pass to drive fast to get from point A to Point B. Thanks to out OUTSTANDING program director here at WUSN. Barry West.
Awards.
In 2007, the station was nominated for the top 25 markets country music Radio & Records magazine station of the year award . Other nominees included KYGO-FM Denver, WYCD Detroit, KEEY-FM Minneapolis, WXTU Philadelphia, and KSON-FM San Diego.
Airstaff.
The current lineup (as of July 7, 2014) is as follows
Syndicated Content.
In addition to WUSN's local programming, the station airs the following syndicated shows Rick Jackson's Country Hall Of Fame on Saturday mornings from 6:00 a.m. to 9 a.m. Country Gold Saturday night with Rowdy Yates Saturday evenings 6 p.m. to 12 a.m.; CMT Country Countdown USA with Lon Helton on Sunday from 7 a.m. to 10 a.m. and American Country Countdown hosted by Kix Brooks on Sunday evenings from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. And Sunday Night Country Classics with our very own Mike Lang Sunday evenings 10 p.m. to 12 a.m.
References.
US99.5 Airstaff

</doc>
<doc id="2847334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847334" title="102 Petty France">
102 Petty France

102 Petty France is an office block on Petty France in Westminster, London, overlooking St. James's Park, which was designed by Fitzroy Robinson & Partners, with Sir Basil Spence and completed in 1976. It was well known as the main location for the UK Home Office department between 1978 and 2004 when it was known as 50 Queen Anne's Gate and now houses the Ministry of Justice. The building is high, with 14 floors providing of office space.
The site was previously occupied by the enormous 14-storey mansion block Queen Anne's Mansions which were despised by some architectural commentators - Lord Reigate speaking in the House of Lords in 1972 against the plans for the new building used Pevsner's description "that irredeemable horror" However, the new building's architecture was not favourably received, either, due to its scale and massing with protruding elements at the upper and lower floors, often being described as a Brutalist design: it was sometimes known to those who worked there as "the Lubyanka". Fodor's guide to London described it as "hulking", and Lord St John of Fawsley remarked that "Basil Spence's barracks in Hyde Park ruined that park; in fact, he has the distinction of having ruined two parks, because of his Home Office building, which towers above St James's Park." The building was originally built as a speculative office development but the Home Office moved to it due to lack of space in its previous headquarters in Whitehall.
In spring 2005 the Home Office moved to a new purpose-built building at 2 Marsham Street designed by Terry Farrell. The Queen Anne's Gate building had major refurbishment work carried out on it, whilst being under the ownership of Land Securities, and from Spring 2008 has been the home of the Ministry of Justice, with the building renamed 102 Petty France.

</doc>
<doc id="2847335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847335" title="1970 in Australia">
1970 in Australia

Science and technology.
With the arrival of Asian immigrants after the abolition of the White Australia policy, Australia began mass productions of paper, and gunpowder.

</doc>
<doc id="2847342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847342" title="Thur (France)">
Thur (France)

The Thur is a river in the Haut-Rhin department, Alsace, France, left tributary of the river Ill. It rises in the Vosges Mountains, and flows through the towns Thann and Cernay. It flows into the Ill (a tributary of the Rhine) near Ensisheim, north of Mulhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="2847343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847343" title="Nerse">
Nerse

Nerse is a village located in Karnataka, India.

</doc>
<doc id="2847353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847353" title="Joseph-François-Louis-Charles de Damas">
Joseph-François-Louis-Charles de Damas

Duke Joseph François Louis Charles de Damas (October 28, 1758 - March 5, 1829, Paris) was a French general.
As a colonel, took part in the American Revolution from 1780 to 1781. After his return, he was given the command over a dragoon regiment, and was entrusted to cover the escape of King Louis XVI, but left his regiment and joined the king in Varennes, where he was arrested.
Sentenced to death in Paris, he was pardoned and followed the Comte d'Artois to Italy, was named "maréchal de camp" in 1795 and was en route to join the Quiberon expedition, when he was shipwrecked in Calais and was captured by the Republicans.
Under the Consulate, he was again pardoned, accompanied Artois as general adjudant to Ile-Dieu, served from 1797 to 1801 in the Prince de Condé's émigré army. After the Bourbon Restoration, he was made a Peer of France and the general lieutenant and captain of the "Chevaulegers". He followed Louis XVIII in 1815 to Belgium, became captain of the 18th division at Dijon, and received a dukedom in 1825.
In the "Mémoires relatifs à la révolution" (20th Vol., Par. 1823), he wrote a report on the events at Varennes.

</doc>
<doc id="2847356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847356" title="The 9th Company">
The 9th Company

The 9th Company () is a 2005 Russian film directed by Fedor Bondarchuk and set during the Soviet War in Afghanistan. The film is loosely based on a real-life battle that took place at Elevation 3234 in early 1988, during the last large-scale Soviet military operation (Magistral) in Afghanistan.
Plot.
The film starts with a farewell ceremony in Krasnoyarsk, where a band of young recruits is preparing for their departure to their place of military service. On arrival at their bootcamp in the Fergana Valley of Uzbekistan they meet their drill instructor, Senior Praporschik Dygalo, a seasoned veteran of several tours in Afghanistan and a brutal trainer who treats the recruits very harshly and forces them to take part in extreme physical exercises everyday. During their harsh and brutal training, the recruits overcome their differences and build bonds. Between the harsh training sessions they receive lessons in operating dangerous plastic explosives and how to conduct themselves in Afghanistan. After passing training they are sent to Afghanistan.
On their arrival at Baghram air base they greet a group VDV troops who have fulfilled their military service and are due to return home. One of the departing soldiers (also from Krasnoyarsk) gives one of the new arrivals, Lyutyi a talisman that he claims has kept him safe through several tours and multiple firefights. Homeward bound, the departing soldier's transport plane is hit by enemy fire from the nearby mountains and crashes, giving the new recruits their first taste of the war.
Shortly thereafter the soldiers receive their new assignment, with the 9th company, where their trainer and drill instructor, Dygalo had previously served. The company is soon deployed to the front as part of Operation Magistral and is instructed to hold a nameless hill at all costs. After some preliminary skirmishes, the company's position comes under sustained attack by a large number of Mujahedin fighters and is nearly over run. In the end, the company holds the hill until reinforcements arrive, by which time only one of the original recruits, Lyutyi is still alive.
Historical parallel.
In the film, only one soldier from the company is shown to have survived unscathed and the company is said to have been "forgotten" by command because of the Soviet withdrawal. In reality, the 9th Company, 345th Independent Guards Airborne Regiment was pinned down under heavy fire on "Hill 3234" from 7–8 January 1988. They managed to stop three attacks by an estimated 200-250 mujahideen. The company lost a total of 6 men. Another 28 out of the total 39 were seriously wounded. Four of the killed soldiers were posthumously awarded the golden star of the Hero of the Soviet Union. The unit was in constant communication with headquarters and received everything the regimental commander, Colonel Valery Vostrotin, could provide in terms of rations, ammunition, reinforcements, and helicopter evacuation of the wounded.
Release.
Critical reception.
The film received a mixed reaction from the veterans of that war, who pointed to a number of inaccuracies, but nevertheless, judging by ticket sales, was embraced by the general public, and even by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Although first released in 2005, and broadcast on TV in several nations, it was not released in the US until 2010 on DVD.
Release dates:
Box office.
The film was released in September 2005 and became a Russian box office hit, generating $7.7 million in its first five days of release alone, a new domestic record.
Awards.
In 2006, Russia selected the film as its candidate for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film nomination. It was also given the Golden Eagle Award for Best Feature Film by the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2847357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847357" title="Menno ter Braak">
Menno ter Braak

Menno ter Braak (26 January 1902, Eibergen, Gelderland – 14 May 1940, The Hague) was a Dutch modernist author.
Early career.
Ter Braak was born in Eibergen and grew up in the town of Tiel where he proved to be an exemplary student of great intelligence. He went on to the University of Amsterdam where he majored in Dutch and History. As a student he was a regular contributor to the student magazine Propria Cures and involved himself in the study of film (then a very young discipline).
Menno ter Braak was also the founder of the Filmliga (Movie League), an organisation for the study of animated film. He completed a Ph.D. dissertation on the medieval emperor Otto III and consecutively worked as a teacher in a number of secondary schools.
"Forum" movement.
In 1932 ter Braak, together with Edgar du Perron and , started the literary magazine "Forum" which proved to be one of the most important literary periodicals in the Dutch-speaking world in the nineteen-thirties. 
"Forum" is widely considered a bulwark of cultural elitism, advocating a high cultural level of discourse, a rational form of literary criticism, consequent individualism and a stern disapproval of all intellectual ornamentation. “Vent boven vorm” (loosely translated: ‘personality over form’) was the catchword of the "Forum" movement.
Political involvement.
In 1933 ter Braak, then living in The Hague, joined the Dutch liberal daily "Het Vaderland" (the Fatherland) as a literary affairs editor and was one of the first Dutchmen to understand the looming threat of Nazism. It is in these years that he started "het Comité van Waakzaamheid" (the Committee for Vigilance). As a public intellectual, he is most famous for his essays, most of which deal with European culture, politics, or a mixture of the two. He is distinctly influenced by Nietzsche and his style is deliberately paradoxical.
Later writing.
In his last, and best-known essays he ruthlessly chastises those who would subject themselves to "higher" and "spiritual" values, unmasking the hierarchies behind those values who are working to further their own agenda. Against this subjection to extraneous authorities and false values, ter Braak posits the individualist ideal of the "honnête homme", the "Man of Integrity" who will not conform himself to other people's expectations and systems.
A born polemicist, he managed to find himself an amazingly diverse group of opponents. By the end of his life he had entered into polemics, some of which quite hostile, with the self-proclaimed representatives of what he considered to be "nebulous collectivisms" such as Catholicism, liberal Humanism, Marxism and Fascism.
Death.
Towards the end of his life he became increasingly involved in the growing anti-Fascist movement in the Netherlands. When the Second World War broke out in 1939 he fell into a deep depression. Four days after Nazi Germany had invaded the Netherlands, on 14 May 1940, after a failed attempt to flee to England, Menno ter Braak committed suicide by using a sedative, combined with an injection (by his brother J.W.G. (Wim) ter Braak) of poison. He died on the day the Luftwaffe carpet bombed his former hometown Rotterdam.
His influence remained fairly large and lasted well into the 1950s; during the fifties his influence began to wane but a number of literary periodicals, especially "Libertinage" and "Tirade" remained faithful to a number of ter Braak’s ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="2847363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847363" title="Caversham">
Caversham

Caversham may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847366" title="East Autumn Grin">
East Autumn Grin

East Autumn Grin is Matthew Ryan's second album. It was released on August 15, 2000 on A&M Records.
Track listing.
All words and music by Matthew Ryan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="2847369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847369" title="Hilde Coppi">
Hilde Coppi

Hilde Coppi (née Rake, 30 May 1909 in Berlin – 5 August 1943 in Berlin-Plötzensee, executed) was a German resistance fighter against the Third Reich. Together with her husband Hans Coppi, she belonged to the Red Orchestra ("Rote Kapelle").
Life.
Hilde Rake grew up in Berlin-Mitte (downtown). Her mother ran a small leatherware shop. After finishing vocational school, she worked as a language teaching assistant through much of the 1930s.
Hilde Rake was working in Berlin as a clerk at the Reich Insurance Institute for Clerical Workers when she got to know Hans Coppi, who had only just been released from prison. Already by 1933, Rake had had contact with members of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD).
Together, Hilde and Hans Coppi — who wed on 14 June 1941 — hid persecution victims of the Nazi régime. During the war, Hilde Coppi listened to "Voice of Russia" ("ie" Radio Moscow) and shared the information broadcast over the radio with the Red Orchestra and other resistance groups. She also unlawfully relayed greetings and any other signs of continued life heard on Radio Moscow from German prisoners of war to their kin. This was especially important, as Nazi propaganda had it that Soviet troops shot their enemies out of hand, and did not take prisoners. Moreover, she busied herself with broadcasting her group's messages through leaflets and stickers. She conducted a sticker campaign against the Nazis' anti-Soviet propaganda exhibition called "Soviet Paradise".
Hilde Coppi and her husband were both arrested on 12 September 1942, along with Hans's parents and brother, and Hilde's mother. Hilde was pregnant by this time, later giving birth to the couple's son at the Berlin Women's Prison on 27 November. On 22 December 1942, her husband was put to death, and Hilde, too, was sentenced to death in the new year, on 20 January. A petition for clemency was made in her case in July, but Hitler refused to grant it. The execution was delayed until August, so that she could nurse her child. On 5 August 1943, Hilde Coppi was beheaded at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="2847370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847370" title="Deposit premium">
Deposit premium

A deposit premium is a type of insurance premium where the insured deposits money with the insurer to obtain perpetual insurance against the risk of a loss. Deposit premiums are unique from regular insurance premiums, because they are refundable should either the insured or the insurer chose to terminate the perpetual insurance.

</doc>
<doc id="2847371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847371" title="Newtonmore">
Newtonmore

Newtonmore (Scottish Gaelic: Baile Ùr an t-Slèibh ) is a village in the Highland council area of Scotland. It has a population of about 1000. The village is only a few miles from a location that is claimed to be the exact geographical centre of Scotland. Newtonmore railway station is managed by First ScotRail and is on the Highland Main Line. Newtonmore has been bypassed by the A9 since 1979.
Tourism.
The village is home to The Wildcat Experience - a visitor attraction specially aimed at families with children. The attraction is based on a community arts project - everyone in the village had the chance to be involved.
Newtonmore is the site of the Highland Folk Museum.
Newtonmore was one of the locations used in the filming of "Monarch of the Glen" and is in Monarch Country.

</doc>
<doc id="2847383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847383" title="Electoral district of Bragg">
Electoral district of Bragg

Bragg is an electoral district of the House of Assembly in the Australian state of South Australia. The seat of Bragg is named after the eminent physicists Bragg – William Henry and his son, William Lawrence. The electorate is largely urban and encompasses a significant portion of the City of Burnside, stretching from the east parklands of Adelaide into the Adelaide Hills. After redistribution following the 2006 election, the boundary moved eastwards to include suburbs that had formerly been in the seat of Heysen and now borders Kavel. Bragg currently includes the metropolitan suburbs of Rose Park, Dulwich, Toorak Gardens, Marryatville, Heathpool, Tusmore, Hazelwood Park, Linden Park, St Georges, Kensington Park, Leabrook, Erindale, Wattle Park, Skye, Stonyfell, Burnside, Beaumont, Mount Osmond and parts of Glen Osmond, and in the hills it includes Crafers, Summertown, Cleland, Greenhill, Piccadilly and parts of Horsnell Gully and Uraidla.
The seat was first contested in 1970, one of fifteen new seats created in Adelaide in order to give the capital fairer representation. It has been held by the Liberal Party for its entire existence, and has usually been very safe for that party. It is currently the Liberals' safest metropolitan seat with an 18.7 percent margin. It is within the boundaries of the fairly safe federal Liberal seat of Sturt and the comfortably safe federal Liberal seat of Mayo.
Its best-known member was David Tonkin, who served as Premier of South Australia from 1979 to 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2847385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847385" title="Las Vegas Nevada Temple">
Las Vegas Nevada Temple

The Las Vegas Nevada Temple is the 43rd operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). 
Located in the Sunrise Manor CDP near Las Vegas, Nevada, the temple sits on at the base of Frenchman Mountain. A groundbreaking ceremony and site dedication for the temple were held in November 1985. Gordon B. Hinckley, then a counselor in the church's First Presidency, presided and gave the dedication prayer. Construction began soon after the ceremony.
The LDS temple was open to the public for tours between November 16 and December 9, 1989. Almost 300,000 toured the temple and its grounds during these three weeks. The temple has six spires, the highest of which is . At the top of this tower stands a ten-foot statue of the angel Moroni. The exterior is a white finish of pre-cast stone walls with a copper roof. The temple has 192 rooms, which includes four ordinance rooms, a Celestial room, six sealing rooms, a baptismal font, and other facilities to meet the needs of the purposes of the temple. 
Hinckley dedicated the Las Vegas Nevada Temple December 16–18, 1989. Eleven sessions were held and more than 30,000 Latter-day Saints attended the dedicatory services.

</doc>
<doc id="2847386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847386" title="D'Agapeyeff cipher">
D'Agapeyeff cipher

The D'Agapeyeff cipher is an as-yet unbroken cipher that appears in the first edition of "Codes and Ciphers", an elementary book on cryptography published by the Russian-born English cryptographer and cartographer Alexander D'Agapeyeff in 1939.
Offered as a "challenge cipher" at the end of the book, it was not included in later editions, and D'Agapeyeff is said to have admitted later to having forgotten how he had encrypted it.
The ciphertext is:
75628 28591 62916 48164 91748 58464 74748 28483 81638 18174
74826 26475 83828 49175 74658 37575 75936 36565 81638 17585
75756 46282 92857 46382 75748 38165 81848 56485 64858 56382
72628 36281 81728 16463 75828 16483 63828 58163 63630 47481
91918 46385 84656 48565 62946 26285 91859 17491 72756 46575
71658 36264 74818 28462 82649 18193 65626 48484 91838 57491
81657 27483 83858 28364 62726 26562 83759 27263 82827 27283
82858 47582 81837 28462 82837 58164 75748 58162 92000 
Use of nulls in ciphertext.
It is possible that not all the ciphertext characters are used in decryption and that some characters are nulls. Evidence for this is given by the author on p. 111 of the text under the sub-section heading "Military Codes and Ciphers":
"The cipher is of course easily made out, but if every third, fourth, or fifth letter, as may be previously arranged, is a dummy inserted after a message has been put into cipher, it is then extremely difficult to decipher unless you are in the secret."
While the index of coincidence for the D'Agapeyeff cipher is 1.74 when taken in pairs horizontally (eg, '75' '62' '82'), the letter frequency distribution is too flat for a 196 character message written in English.
Additionally, D'Agapeyeff left two ciphers for the reader to solve. Each are approximately 100 characters in length and have an index of coincidence much higher than what is expected for English plaintext.
Polybius square in "Codes and Ciphers".
Alexander D'Agapeyeff made extensive use of the Polybius square throughout the examples in his text. Including walking the reader through solving most of a Polybius square based cipher from a friend in his cryptanalysis section of the book. This ciphertext consisted of 178 characters:
CDDBC ECBCE BBEBD ABCCB BDBAB CCDCD BCDDE CAECB DDDAA CABCE<br>
AABDE BCEDC BCCDA EBDCB AAEAB ECDDB DCCEC EEABD ADEAD CAADE<br>
ACABD CBDCB AABDC ACEDC BABCD DCDBD DCBEB CDCBE BCAAB DACCD<br>
DBBBC EAACD BDCDD BCEDC AECAC EDC<br>
When deciphered with a Polybius square, the plaintext contains several typos and reads:
"The new plan of attack includes operations by three bombr squdrons over factory arya southwest o the river"

</doc>
<doc id="2847393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847393" title="Time stream">
Time stream

"For other articles with similar titles, see Time Stream (disambiguation)"
Time Stream is the normal passage or flow of time and its historical developments, within a given dimension of reality. The concept of the time stream, and the ability to travel within and around it, are the fundamentals of a genre of science fiction.

</doc>
<doc id="2847403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847403" title="National College of Arts">
National College of Arts

The National College of Arts Lahore, or NCA, is the oldest arts institution of higher learning in Lahore, Pakistan.
Long ago it was known as the Mayo School of Arts. Gazetteers written about the city of Lahore in 1915 describe the work being done at the school.
History.
In reaction to Industrial Revolution, a world wide movement gained strength i.e. Arts & Crafts Movement (1860-1910). The movement was about praising art & craft pieces hence negated industrial mass production. It was upon pressure of this movement that the British Crown decided to establish art schools in British India. Sir JJ School of Arts, Govt. College of art, Madras., & Mayo School of Arts are one of the pioneer art institutions in India. The Mayo School of Industrial Art was set up to perpetuate the memory of Lord Mayo, the British Viceroy of India, who was assassinated in 1872. Lockwood Kipling (father of author Rudyard Kipling), a teacher of painting and sculpture working then in the J.J. School of Art in Bombay, was appointed its first Principal. Additionally, he was held the charge as the Curator of the Lahore Museum.
Departments.
Department of Architecture.
The Department of Architecture offers a five year Bachelor of Architecture (B. Arch.) Degree. The course was established in 1985. Earlier the course was offered by the name of N.D. Arch (i.e. National Diploma of Architecture). The government of Pakistan through an Assembly Ordinence gave NCA a Degree Awarding status, hence NCA became the first autonomous arts degree awarding institution of Pakistan.
Department of Fine Arts.
The department offers a four year course leading to a Bachelor Degree of Fine Arts. The areas of specialisation are painting, printmaking, sculpture or miniature.
Department of Communication Design.
The Department of Communication Design teaches the principles of advertising and visual communication, with special reference to manufacturing and marketing techniques. The students are required to complete a design process involving research, strategies of approach, design development and execution. The components of the courses offered are book illustration, package design, corporate identity and advertising campaigns.
Department of Ceramics Design.
The Department of Ceramics offer a four year Bachelor of Ceramics (B.Cer.) Degree. Ceramic design department of National College of Arts Lahore is technically teaching all the aspects of design to the students. The concept developing and designing for the masses is the requirement. The idea of mass production that leads to commercial building of your particular design and thesis is taught. The department is under the supervision of NCA alumni Miss.Shazia Mirza The Head Of the Department, Mr.Naveed Niazi and Miss.Ayesha Bashir both are respective teachers handling the students building in their foundation, respective design studies to thesis year. The department holds its separate Kilns and Potters wheels designed with perfection. The required material i.e. the red clay is provided to the students until their 4th year. A complete study of design and a know how of materials, arranging trips to certain factories and meeting people with full knowledge about the subject is all taken care of under this department.
Department of Product Design.
The Department of Product Design teaches the principles of design and the design process.
Department of Musicology.
The Department of Musicology at undergraduate level was established in 2001. It offers a four-year programme entitled "Bachelors in South Asian Classical Music"
Department of Film and Television.
The National College of Arts started the department of Film & Television in 2005. The department offers a 4 year bachelor degree program in Film & Television.
Department of Multimedia Arts.
NCA created the Post-Graduate Center for Multimedia Arts (PGCMA) in 2000 and Mr. Muhammad Ali Tirmizi was appointed as project Director. In 2001 the first batch of students was enrolled which included Syed Maqsood Pasha, Mr. Zaffar Iqbal and Ms. Irum Zia from within the faculty of NCA. Mr. Muhammad Ali Tirmizi was appointed the Director of the Program. The programme was developed with the technical assistance from French Government and Ecol-D-Art, Aix-en-Provence, France.
A Multimedia Center (MC) has been set up with financial assistance from the Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB) which lately was revamped with the financial assistance of the Ministry of Information Technology.
Department of Fresco Painting.
National college of Arts started a new department in 2007 which offers a Professional diploma in Fresco Painting. The course outline includes calligraphy and illumination. Ustaad Saif ul Rehman is the famous name in Fresco painting and he is teaching Techniques of Fresco painting in this course.
Societies and clubs.
"The End" organizes film shows of foreign films and documentaries, with the aim of helping students to analyze technical details of the art of film-making. 
The Dance Society came into being after the efforts of Adnan Jehangir aka "Adnan Nacha". With assistance from the Sundas, the team registered Dance Society at the college stage and it is now a regular participant in local cultural events. 
Rawalpindi campus.
NCA Rawalpindi campus was established in 2006, with two departments, Fine Arts and Architecture. The Architecture faculty includes Ali Ahmad Shah, Saima Salahuddin, Waheeda Bhatti, Saira Abbasi The Fine Arts faculty comprises established artists like Nadia Hussain, Aqeel Solangi Nadia Rahat Imran Hunzai and Hassan Ali of the sculpture department.
The NCA Rawalpindi campus, headed by Dr Nadeem Omar Tarar, provides a unique educational, urban and cultural setting to cultivate the students’ latent potential and provide them sufficient latitude to experiment and develop ideas in an environment that promotes creativity and freedom of expression. It also aims to help the students in acquiring artistic skills, ideas and confidence to succeed in their professional careers as highly creative individuals who can carve a niche in the global cultural economy.
NCA Rawalpindi is very actively engaging with other public and private sector organizations to promote art and culture. It is also helping private galleries to grow and has established linkages with them.
NCA Rawalpindi campus is also undertaking a huge research and publication project to document the history of Potohar region.
NCA in modern times.
Due to its distribution as the one of the two highly reputable arts institutions in Pakistan (the other being Indus Valley School of Art and Architecture Karachi), entrance to it has become competitive. Around 450 students from all provinces study in the College (out of which nearly 40 percent are girls) and is taught by a teaching staff of 40.
There is a high rate of employment for its diploma-holders in a number of important organizations in the country: Pakistan International Airlines, Pakistan National Council of the Arts, University Grants Commission, Security Printing Press of Pakistan, National Book Foundation, and the Department of Films and publications. Apart from the urban development authorities, its graduates are absorbed in the private sector by advertising agencies, architectural consultancies, industrial and publishing houses.
The work of students can be seen at the annual Thesis Display.
Notable alumni.
The list below includes graduates of both Mayo School of Arts and National College of Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="2847409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847409" title="Space Dungeon">
Space Dungeon

Space Dungeon is a shoot 'em up arcade game created by Taito Corporation in 1981. It was designed and programmed by Rex Battenberg. It was released both as a conversion kit and as a full arcade cabinet. The only home version of the game was released in 1983 for the Atari 5200 game system.
Like "" (1982) and "Smash TV" (1990), but preceding both of those games, the controls for "Space Dungeon" are a pair of 8-directional joysticks: one for moving, one for shooting. The game also featured an automap to keep track of the player's movement from screen to screen.
Overview.
Each level of "Space Dungeon" consists of 36 rooms arranged in a six-by-six grid. Rooms are connected by open doorways of various sizes. One room in each level is the entrance, where the player begins, and another is the "Collect Bonus" room. Other rooms may or may not contain laser defenses, hostile aliens, or various bits of treasure.
The goal in each level is to navigate to the room containing the "Collect Bonus" area, visiting as many rooms and collecting as much treasure as possible along the way.
The player's only weapon is a laser cannon, which fires a pulsing, solid beam in any of eight directions.
Treasure is collected by flying directly over it. When this happens, a distinct sound signals the treasure has been automatically scooped up into the player's inventory, called the Treasure Box.
Higher scores are awarded for exiting each level with more treasures. A 10,000-point bonus is awarded if the player visits every single room on the level, whether or not all treasures on the level have been collected. Since an extra ship is awarded to the player every 10,000 points, this, and the large point values of the treasures (especially the later ones) created an interesting tension between securing the treasures already collected or risking losing ships to acquire more.
If the player's ship collides with an enemy or any of their spore shots before reaching the "Collect Bonus" cube, all collected treasure is dropped in the room where the ship was destroyed. This room is designated on the map by an "X".
Levels.
The game counts from level 1 to 99, and upon completing 99, rolls over to zero.
Levels two through nine, and then levels that are a multiple of one hundred, are preceded by a rhyme:
On reaching level 10, the game then displays "Sorry. No more rhymes." No further messages appear until the player rolls-over the level counter by completing level 99. At level 100, the level counter resets to zero, and the message displayed is "You're a hero on level zero." Thus this same "level zero" message will be repeated every hundredth level.
Enemies.
The enemies the player must face throughout the game are:
Treasures.
There are five treasure types in the game:
Home versions.
The only home version of "Space Dungeon" appears to have been for the Atari 5200 system, and was released in 1983. The game cartridge came prepackaged with a dual-controller holder, allowing players to snap two stock controllers in and play like in the arcade.
The game differs from the arcade original in a number of ways, most notably in that most of the objects are approximately four times the size, spores can be launched by enemies only in the eight ordinal directions, and the enemies are considerably less aggressive.
It was also released as part of the PlayStation Portable game Taito Legends Power-Up along with other Taito favorites. This appears to be the only modern-day inclusion.

</doc>
<doc id="2847432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847432" title="A Life on the Ocean Wave">
A Life on the Ocean Wave

"A Life on the Ocean Wave" is a poem-turned-song by Epes Sargent published in 1838 and set to music by Henry Russell.
Overview.
One day Sargent and Russell were walking on The Battery in New York City watching the ships enter the harbour. This scene inspired Sargent to write a poem, which Russell then put to music. The song soon became popular in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
At an 1851 celebration in Salem, Massachusetts, the Boston Cadet Band gave the new clipper ship "Witch of the Wave" a lively sendoff by striking up "A Life on the Ocean Wave" as the USS "R. B. Forbes" towed the new clipper out to set sail for Boston.
In 1882, the Deputy Adjutant General of the Royal Marines requested that the Bandmaster of each Royal Marine Division (Portsmouth, Plymouth, Chatham) submit an arrangement for a new regimental march for the Corps, if possible based on a naval song. Kappey, the Bandmaster of the Chatham Division, submitted an arrangement of "A Life on the Ocean Wave", with an eight bar trio from "The Sea" by Sigismund Neukomm, which was authorised for use as the regimental quick march of the Corps of Royal Marines in 1882.
In the United States, it is the official march of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy.
The tune, played by the Band of the Royal Marines, is played over the opening credits of the 1992 BBC television film "An Ungentlemanly Act", about the first days of the invasion of the Falkland Islands in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="2847433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847433" title="Running Wild">
Running Wild

Running Wild or Runnin' Wild may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847441" title="Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc.">
Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, Inc.

Campbell v. Acuff-Rose Music, 510 U.S. 569 (1994) was a United States Supreme Court copyright law case that established that a commercial parody can qualify as fair use. That money is made does not make it impossible for a use to be fair; it is merely one of the components of a fair use analysis.
History.
The members of the rap music group 2 Live Crew—Luke, Fresh Kid Ice, Mr. Mixx and Brother Marquis—composed a song called "Pretty Woman," a parody based on Roy Orbison's rock ballad, "Oh, Pretty Woman." The group's manager asked Acuff-Rose Music if they could get a license to use Orbison's tune for the ballad to be used as a parody. Acuff-Rose Music refused to grant the band a license but 2 Live Crew nonetheless produced and released the parody. 
Almost a year later, after nearly a quarter of a million copies of the recording had been sold, Acuff-Rose sued 2 Live Crew and its record company, Luke Skyywalker Records, for copyright infringement. The District Court granted summary judgment for 2 Live Crew, holding that their song was a parody that made fair use of the original song under § 107 of the Copyright Act of 1976 (17 U.S.C. § 107). The Court of Appeals reversed and remanded, holding that the commercial nature of the parody rendered it presumptively unfair under the first of four factors relevant under § 107; that, by taking the "heart" of the original and making it the "heart" of a new work, 2 Live Crew had taken too much under the third § 107 factor; and that market harm for purposes of the fourth §107 factor had been established by a presumption attaching to commercial uses.
Holding.
The Supreme Court held that 2 Live Crew's commercial parody may be a fair use within the meaning of § 107. 
Justice Souter began by describing the inherent tension created by the need to simultaneously protect copyrighted material and allow others to build upon it, quoting Lord Ellenborough: "While I shall think myself bound to secure every man in the enjoyment of his copyright, one must not put manacles upon science."
The Court elaborated on this tension, looking to Justice Story's analysis in "Folsom v. Marsh", 9 F. Cas. 342 (C.C.D. Mass. 1841), where he stated, "look to the nature and objects of the selections made, the quantity and value of the materials used, and the degree in which the use may prejudice the sale, or diminish the profits, or supersede the objects, of the original work." This analysis was eventually codified in the Copyright Act of 1976 in § 107 as follows:
Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. In determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include—
(1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes;
(2) the nature of the copyrighted work;
(3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and
(4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work.
The Supreme Court then found the aforementioned factors must be applied to each situation on a case by case basis. '"The fact that parody can claim legitimacy for some appropriation does not, of course, tell either parodist or judge much about where to draw the line. Like a book review quoting the copyrighted material criticized, parody may or may not be fair use, and petitioner's suggestion that any parodic use is presumptively fair has no more justification in law or fact than the equally hopeful claim that any use for news reporting should be presumed fair." 
When looking at the purpose and character of 2 Live Crew's use, the Court found that the more transformative the new work, the less will be the significance of the other three factors. The court found that, in any event, a work's commercial nature is only one element of the first factor enquiry into its purpose and character, quoting "Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc.", 464 U.S. 417. The Supreme Court found the Court of Appeals analysis as running counter to this proposition. 
Justice Souter then moved onto the second § 107 factor, "the nature of the copyrighted work", finding it has little merit in resolving this and other parody cases, since the artistic value of parodies is often found in their ability to invariably copy popular works of the past. 
The Court did find the third factor integral to the analysis, finding that the Court of Appeals erred in holding that, as a matter of law, 2 Live Crew copied excessively from the Orbison original. Souter reasoned that the "amount and substantiality" of the portion used by 2 Live Crew was reasonable in relation to the band's purpose in creating a parody of "Oh, Pretty Woman". The majority reasoned "even if 2 Live Crew's copying of the original's first line of lyrics and characteristic opening bass riff may be said to go to the original's 'heart,' that heart is what most readily conjures up the song for parody, and it is the heart at which parody takes aim." The Supreme Court then looked to the new work as a whole, finding that 2 Live Crew thereafter departed markedly from the Orbison lyrics, producing otherwise distinctive music. 
Looking at the final factor, the Supreme Court found that the Court of Appeals erred in finding a presumption or inference of market harm (such as there had been in "Sony"). Parodies in general, the Court said, will rarely substitute for the original work, since the two works serve different market functions. While Acuff-Rose found evidence of a potential "derivative" rap market in the very fact that 2 Live Crew recorded a rap parody of "Oh, Pretty Woman" and another rap group sought a license to record a rap derivative, the Court found no evidence that a potential rap market was harmed in any way by 2 Live Crew's parodic rap version. In fact, the Court found that it was unlikely that any artist would find parody a lucrative derivative market, noting that artists "ask for criticism, but only want praise."
The Supreme Court reversed the court of appeals and remanded the case. On remand, the parties settled the case out of court. According to press reports, under terms of the settlement, Acuff-Rose dismissed its lawsuit, and 2 Live Crew agreed to license the sale of its parody of the song. Although Acuff-Rose stated that it was paid under the settlement, the terms were not otherwise disclosed.
Notably, Justice Souter attached the lyrics of both songs as appendixes to his majority opinion for the Court. As a result, both songs were reproduced in the United States Reports along with the rest of the opinion, and may now be found in every major law library in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="2847455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847455" title="Harald Hennum">
Harald Hennum

Harald Hennum (May 29, 1928 – October 14, 1993) was a Norwegian footballer. Playing for Frigg and Skeid, he was one of Norway's greatest football profiles in the 1950s. He won the Norwegian cup with Skeid four times.
For the Norwegian national team, Hennum played 43 matches and scored 25 goals, thereby placing third on Norway's all-time top goalscorer list. He scored four goals in a 1958 friendly match against GDR.

</doc>
<doc id="2847459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847459" title="Greetings from Imrie House">
Greetings from Imrie House

Greetings from Imrie House is the debut of The Click Five. It was released on August 16, 2005 and reached #15 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. It contains singles "Just the Girl", "Catch Your Wave" and "Say Goodnight" and an iTunes single, "Pop Princess".
Notes.
The song "Pop Princess" was included on the soundtrack for the first season of the Disney Channel original series "Hannah Montana".

</doc>
<doc id="2847460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847460" title="Kebede Balcha">
Kebede Balcha

Kebede Balcha (born 7 September 1951) is a former marathon runner from Ethiopia. He won the silver medal at the 1983 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="2847463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847463" title="1982 CFL season">
1982 CFL season

The 1982 Canadian Football League season is considered to be the 29th season in modern-day Canadian football, although it is officially the 25th Canadian Football League season.
CFL News in 1982.
After the 1981 season, the Montreal Alouettes folded. However, one year later in 1982 the CFL granted the city of Montreal a new franchise called the Concordes, which assumed the Alouettes' history and player contracts.
The 1982 Grey Cup game between the Edmonton Eskimos and the Toronto Argonauts attracted 7,862,000 television viewers, the largest television audience in the history of Canadian television.
NBC broadcast CFL games in the United States for three weeks during the 1982 NFL players' strike.
The Edmonton Eskimos won their fifth straight Grey Cup championship.
Regular season standings.
Final regular season standings.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, PF = Points For, PA = Points Against, Pts = Points"
Grey Cup playoffs.
The Edmonton Eskimos were the 1982 Grey Cup champions, defeating the Toronto Argonauts, 32–16, in front of their home crowd at Toronto's Exhibition Stadium. That was Edmonton's fifth-straight championship, becoming the CFL's most successful dynasty. The Eskimos' Warren Moon (QB) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Offence and Dave "Dr. Death" Fennell (DT) was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Player on Defence and was the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.

</doc>
<doc id="2847465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847465" title="Sir John Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet">
Sir John Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet

Sir John Sinclair Wemyss Arbuthnot, 1st Baronet, MBE, TD (11 February 1912 – 13 June 1992) was a British Conservative politician.
Arbuthnot was born in Kittybrewster, the son of Major Kenneth Wyndham Arbuthnot, who was the son of William Reierson Arbuthnot and Janet Elspeth Sinclair Wemyss. Kenneth had served with the Seaforth Highlanders since 1893, fighting in the Chitral expedition in 1895, in the Mahdist War in the Sudan in 1898 (including the Battle of Omdurman), and in the Second Boer War from 1900 to 1902. He was brigade major of the Gordon Infantry Brigade when his son was born, but was killed in action in the Second Battle of Ypres in 1915.
John Arbuthnot was educated at Eton College, and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated as a Bachelor of Arts in 1933. He received his MA in 1938. He worked in the tea industry and was a Director of Folkestone and Dover Water Company and other companies. He served in World War II in the Royal Artillery, rising to the rank of Major. In 1940, he was seconded to work with explosives and was appointed MBE for his scientific work in 1944. He was decorated with the Territorial Decoration in 1951.
Arbuthnot stood for election in Don Valley in 1935 and Dover in 1945, losing to Labour candidates both times. He was elected as MP for Dover in 1950, serving until 1964. He was Parliamentary Private Secretary for the Minister of Pensions from 1952 to 1955 and for the Minister of Health from 1956 to 1957. He was member of the Public Accounts Committee from 1955 to 1964. He also served as Second Church Estates Commissioner, the spokesman for the Church of England in the House of Commons, and as a Deputy Speaker.
On 26 February 1964, he was created a baronet, of Kittybrewster in the County of the City of Aberdeen.
Family.
Arbuthnot married (Margaret) Jean Duff, daughter of Alexander Gordon Duff on 3 July 1943. They
had five children, two sons and three daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="2847471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847471" title="Chengdu Airlines">
Chengdu Airlines

Chengdu Airlines Co., Ltd. (), a subsidiary of Sichuan Airlines, is an airline headquartered in Chengdu, China. It operates a network of scheduled domestic passenger flights out of its hub at Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport.
History.
Originally named United Eagle Airlines CO.，LTD (, also known as UEAir), the company was founded in 2004 by a former executive of China Northwest Airlines, with the necessary funding being provided by the Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation. It took delivery of its first airliner, an Airbus A320 that previously had belonged to Air Jamaica, on 8 July 2005 and on 27 July, revenue flights were commenced. Another similar aircraft type, the slightly smaller Airbus A319, was put in service with United Eagle Airlines on 2 December of that year.
In March 2009, Sichuan Airlines invested 200 million RMB (30 million USD) in United Eagle Airlines, thus holding 76 percent of the shares. In late 2009, these shares were sold to Chinese aircraft manufacturer Comac and to "Chengdu Communications Investment Group". Following this ownership change, United Eagle Airlines placed a firm order for 30 Comac ARJ21s, the first of which initially was planned to be delivered in late 2010. Since then, the Comac project has seen a series of delays, though.
On 23 January 2010, the airline was renamed Chengdu Airlines.
Destinations.
According to the July 2013 timetable, Chengdu Airlines operates scheduled flights to the following destinations. A route map created using this data can be found here.
Fleet.
As of March 2014, the Chengdu Airlines fleet consists of the following aircraft with an average age of 6.0 years: 

</doc>
<doc id="2847473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847473" title="Rideau Canoe Club">
Rideau Canoe Club

The Rideau Canoe Club (RCC) is a canoe club located on the Rideau River in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The club is located at Mooney's Bay, where the Rideau Canal splits away from the river prior to joining up with the Ottawa River.
The emphasis at RCC is on sprint canoe and kayak racing, that is, long and slender boats intended for flat water racing, but the club is also counts numerous dragon boat teams, marathon canoes, recreational canoers, and surf lifesavers among its users.
History.
The club was founded in 1902 as the Rideau Aquatic Club with a clubhouse on the Rideau Canal near the Exhibition Grounds designed by Moses Chamberlain Edey in 1904-5.
A memorial brass plaque on a flag pole is dedicated to the memory of the members who fell during the First World War. In 1981, this memorial was rededicated to include the members of the Club who fell during the Second World War. 
The clubhouse was on the canal at Fifth Avenue in the Glebe until the 1940s, when it was destroyed by winter ice. In 1946, the club reorganized as the Rideau Canoe Club and in the following year, relocated to more or less its current location at Mooney's Bay. Club facilities include a clubhouse with five boat bays and a repair shop, and two 'annex' boat storage buildings set somewhat back from the water. The club is directly adjacent to a set of locks on the Rideau Canal. A book on the history of the club has been written by lifetime member Mike Scott.
In June 2009, it was announced that the RCC was to receive funding for an expansion project. The governments of Canada, Ontario and Ottawa each contributed up to $594,000. Additional funding was raised by the Club for a total project cost of more than $2.3 million. The current facility officially opened on September 3, 2010 accommodating more programming for educational and day-camp operations and training for athletes from beginners to Olympians. The facility is also fully accessible to visitors and athletes with disabilities. The new lounge in the club house was named the Mike Scott Lounge after his extensive community service and extraordinary community service record.
Designated a national training centre by Canoe-Kayak Canada, the Rideau Canoe Club hosts athletes in training from around the world.
Programs.
Traditional events include K-1, K-2, K-4, C-1, C-2, C-4 (Canadian and International) and C-15 (War Canoe), where a K-2 is a 2 person kayak and C-4 is a 4 person canoe, etc. Several programs are offered, encompassing children and teenagers of varying experience and skill levels, high-performance paddlers, and Masters paddlers (age 25 and up). Rideau traditionally hosts a Canada Day regatta, drawing high-performance athletes from across Canada and the United States. Dragon Boat practices are frequently held at the club and the Ottawa Dragon Boat Race Festival is held on the club's course, with visiting teams setting up across the river. The club also offers courses in more conventional recreational canoes, kayaks and stand up paddle boards, and is the venue for the Head of the Rideau rowing regatta, held annually in late September by the Ottawa Rowing Club.
Off-season.
In the winter, club members carry out a variety of exercises in order to stay in shape and prepare for the next summer. Typically, the club puts on a weights program and a swimming program, and many members jog, cross-country ski, or skate.
Notable successes.
The club has a long history of excellent performance, having fielded many Olympians and Team Canada members over its lifetime. The club has won the overall Canadian Championship six times: 1924, 1925, 1927, 1973, 1985 and 2002. Former Olympians Sue Holloway and Renn Crichlow trained at RCC, and several high-level Canadian athletes call Rideau their current home club.

</doc>
<doc id="2847474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847474" title="Paul C. Reinert">
Paul C. Reinert

Rev. Paul Clare Reinert, S.J., (August 12, 1910 – July 22, 2001) was the president of Saint Louis University and a community leader in St. Louis, Missouri.
During his twenty-five year tenure as president Reinert transformed the university was a vocal advocate for social justice. He was born on August 12, 1910 to Francis and Emma Reinert and died July 22, 2001 in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1927, he entered the Society of Jesus and received both an A.B. (1927) and a M.A. (1934) from Saint Louis University. He then served as register at St. Mary’s College, in Kansas before earning a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago (1944). After completing his Ph.D., he returned to Saint Louis University to serve as the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences (1944–1948), vice-president (1948–1949), and president (1949–1974). After he retired from the presidency, he served as chancellor (1974–1991) and chancellor emeritus (1991–2001) until his death. 
Reinert’s twenty-five years as president of Saint Louis University marked a seminal period in the history of the university, Catholic education, and American education in general. He faced an increased post-war enrollment in higher education and the necessary changes in curriculum. Under his administration, the university admitted women as regular students. In addition, while a junior administrator, he worked for the admission of the first African-American students to the university in 1944. Saint Louis University thus became the first historically white university in a former slave state to admit African-American students. 
As the country’s cities faced increased racial tensions and urban universities dealt with the dilemma of the “white flight,” Reinert committed the institution to remain in urban St. Louis, as other American universities left their urban origins. As a result, Reinert became a leader in the revitalization of the inner city of St. Louis and the promotion of St. Louis higher education. His 1958 appointment to the Missouri Governor’s Committee of Education beyond High School eventually led to the formation of the St. Louis Junior College District in 1962 upon the recommendation of Dr. Ernest V. Hollis of the U.S. Department of Education and Edward B. Shils. He also was the member of other important state, federal and Catholic education committees that established policies that set the standard for education in his time. 
As a national leader in Catholic education, Reinert remained confident in the advantages that private Catholic colleges and universities offered to their communities. He sought to expand Saint Louis University’s campus and to create programs that would attract minority students to a historically white university. Under Reinert’s direction in 1967, Saint Louis University became the first Catholic university to include lay member on its board of trustees. This reorganization initiated a trend that transformed Catholic higher education in America. In addition to this reorganization, he appointed lay professionals to high-ranking administrative positions in the university. Even though critics believed that Reinert’s decision conflicted with his position as a Jesuit and diluted the university’s Jesuit nature, Reinert and others believed that the changes both reaffirmed the Ignatian educational mission and broadened the university’s vision for the future. Moreover, his reorganization of the university demonstrated the increased status of the university and its dedication to serving the community. He continued to serve the community after his retirement as president in 1974.
Reinert’s publications include two books concerning the status of Catholic higher education, "The Urban Catholic University" (1970) and "To Turn the Tide" (1972), and a history of the university since the war, "Seasons of Change: Reflections on Half a Century of Saint Louis University", coauthored with Paul Shore (1996).
For his work Reinert has been honored with a star on the St. Louis Walk of Fame. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847477" title="Xinyang">
Xinyang

Xinyang (; Postal map spelling: Sinyang) is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China, the southernmost such administrative division in the province.
History.
21st century.
At the beginning of 2007, the government of Xinyang implemented a new policy designed to reduce corruption and government spending. Any government employee caught drinking on the job would be immediately fired. Within six months of the implementation of the policy, government spending on business meals had been drastically reduced by more than 42 million dollars, enough to build up to 50 elementary schools. However, as government officials of Xinyang released the information in the third quarter of 2007, there was much more public outrage than praise that such a huge amount of public funds had been wasted. As the news was reported elsewhere, people in other areas began to demand that their own local governments do the same.
In February, 2008, an independent audit revealed that the majority of the income of local restaurants from 2005 through 2007 had come from government officials spending public funds to eat out under the guise of a "reception fee", an administrative cost. After the reform in 2007, all local restaurants have experienced a reduction of income of at least 70%. This audit only further enraged the public not only locally, but all over China, leading to demands for further reforms to check corruption.
Geography.
The prefecture-level city of Xinyang has a total land area of . The city is located in the southernmost part of Henan Province, on the south bank of the Huai River. It borders the cities Zhumadian to the north and Nanyang to the northwest, and the provinces of Anhui and Hubei to the east and south respectively. The region where Xinyang is located is considered a subtropical area and the Dabie Mountains cover most of its territory.
Climate.
Xinyang has a monsoon-influenced, four-season humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cfa"), with cold, damp winters, and hot, humid summers. The months of April through June here are slightly cooler than much of the rest of the province. The monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in July; the annual mean is . The annual precipitation is just above , and close to two-thirds of it occurs from May to September. With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 38% in March to 47% in four months, the city receives 1,974 hours of bright sunshine annually; January thru March are the cloudiest months.
Administration.
Xinyang administers two districts and eight counties.
Demographics.
According to the 2010 Census, the population of Xinyang is of 6,108,683 inhabitants, 6.39% less than the population marked on the last census of 2000, when there were 6,527,3680 inhabitants in the city
Its built up area is home to 1,295,762 inhabitants spread out on 2 urban districts and .

</doc>
<doc id="2847485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847485" title="Cathay (Warhammer)">
Cathay (Warhammer)

Cathay is a fictional nation in Games Workshop's Warhammer Fantasy universe. Cathay is the Warhammer equivalent of China, based upon Chinese History with an added mixture of High Fantasy and Chinese folklore. Cathay was actually the name given to northern China in the 14th century by Marco Polo. To date, no Warhammer army has been released for Cathay, and almost no official fiction has been written.
Official information on Cathay is hard to find, but in the 6th edition Warhammer Rulebook there is a text describing the fabled kingdom of Cathay and the surrounding lands. Cathay (also known as 'The Kingdom of the Dragon' and the 'Empire of the Celestial Dragon') is described as an enormous empire, ruled over by a divine Emperor. According to what lore is available, merchants from the old world occasionally travel to Cathay upon the Silk Road: a perilous journey due to the hordes of the Hobgobla-Khan who roam the steppes along the Ivory Road west of Cathay. Ogres, who also pose a threat to merchants and travellers, hail from the Mountains of Mourn to the north-west of Cathay with some even going to Cathay to find employment as mercenaries. Some minor information on Cathay can be found in the "Warhammer: Ogre Kingdoms" book, where a weapon called "Cathayan Longsword" is given rules, and a number of magic items such as Jade Lion and Cathayan Jet are also listed. In the north of Cathay is the dreaded Chaos Wastes.
The Skaven Clan Eshin spent many years in Cathay and Nippon ('Nippon' being the Warhammer world's equivalent of Japan) learning the ways of Ninjitsu. The Skaven troop types Night Runners and Gutter Runners are martial art apprentices that graduate to become Skaven Assassins.
Games Workshop tales about Cathay.
A story entitled "The Voyage of Yin-Tuan to Lustria", presented in White Dwarf 280, relates the history of a Cathayan expedition to the Southlands and being decimated by two hurricanes sent by the Slann, conjured on the strength of an ancient prophecy (an event similar to the real world Kamikaze that destroyed a Mongol Invasion of Japan). Yin-Tuan, the narrator, speaks of Cathay being ruled by an 'Emperor Wu'. The captain also bears a tattoo of 'the Imperial Dragon' which the Lizardmen mistake to be an image of their god Sotek, saving him from ritual sacrifice. The text implies the existence of multiple Cathayan ruling dynasties, historically, explaining that at this period Cathay was ruled by the Wu dynasty.
The voyage of Yin-Tuan also mentions the use by the Cathayan military of lacquered hide shields, and an elite guard of the Emperor who sport tiger pelts.
Jack Yeovil's "Beasts in Velvet" and "Silver Nails" feature the character of Dien Ch’ing, a sorcerer of Tzeentch ('Lord Tsien-Tsin') who was driven out of Cathay. In order to bring about the ruin of the Old World he masquerades as the Cathayan ambassador to the Empire. Among his talents is the ability to summon his ancestors and elementals of earth, fire, wind, water and wood. The addition of the fifth ‘wood’ elemental bemuses one of the Old World characters who is only used to four elements. Dien Ch’ing makes constant references to the grudge he has against the ‘Monkey-King’, presumably the current ruler of Cathay(A potential reference to the Monkey King of Journey to the West, otherwise known as Son-Goku or Son Wukong). He is frequently referred to, not as being 'Cathayan', but a 'Celestial'. 
The Estragon's Island campaign (which was published in White Dwarf 297) featured several mystical objects of Cathayan origin along with a character (Ty Chan'Cho) who was presumably Cathayan.

</doc>
<doc id="2847491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847491" title="Steve Morrow">
Steve Morrow

Stephen Joseph "Steve" Morrow (born 2 July 1970 in Belfast) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer, manager and currently International Partnerships Performance Supervisor at Arsenal.
As a player Morrow operated as a midfielder from 1988 until 2003, playing in the Premier League for Arsenal and in Major League Soccer for Dallas Burn. He also played in the Football League for Reading, Watford, Barnet, Queens Park Rangers and Peterborough United. He received 39 caps for Northern Ireland, scoring once before moving into management with FC Dallas
Club career.
Arsenal.
Morrow first played for Bangor as youth, before joining Arsenal in July 1987. A versatile utility man, who could play at full back, centre back or midfield, Morrow had loan spells at Reading, Watford and Barnet, before making his debut for Arsenal as a substitute in a First Division match on 8 April 1992 against Norwich City, in place of the injured Nigel Winterburn.
Morrow became a semi-regular in 1992–93. He played most of his matches in midfield, replacing the injured Paul Davis as Arsenal got to both the League Cup and FA Cup semi-finals. Morrow started the League Cup final against Sheffield Wednesday; after falling behind to a John Harkes goal, Arsenal equalised through Paul Merson, and then Merson set up Morrow to score the winner (which was also his first for the club). In the celebrations after the match, Arsenal skipper Tony Adams attempted to pick up Morrow and parade him on his shoulders, but Adams slipped and Morrow awkwardly hit the ground. He broke his arm and had to be rushed to hospital.
As a result, Morrow missed the rest of that season, including the FA Cup final (also against Wednesday), where Arsenal completed the Cup Double. Before the final kicked off, Morrow received his League Cup winners' medal.
Morrow was fit enough by the start of the next season but played only 13 matches, compared to 25 the previous season. One of those was the scene of an Arsenal triumph, the club's 1994 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final win over Parma; in an Arsenal midfield depleted of John Jensen, David Hillier and Martin Keown, the 23-year-old Morrow partnered 20-year-old Ian Selley in central midfield as Arsenal beat Parma 1–0 with an Alan Smith goal.
He had nearly left the club in March 1994, following an approach from the Premier League's bottom club Swindon Town, but the transfer fell through and he signed a new contract with Arsenal, where he spent three more years.
Morrow went on to play over 20 matches the following season, including a second Cup Winners' Cup final (which Arsenal lost to Real Zaragoza). He scored his second Arsenal goal in the League Cup once again against Sheffield Wednesday, and scored his first Arsenal league goal (his third and final goal for the club) in a 3–1 defeat at Blackburn Rovers, who would go on to win the Premier League that season. However, he never found favour under new Arsenal boss Bruce Rioch, who only gave the Irishman five matches in 1995–96.
Queens Park Rangers.
After the arrival of Arsène Wenger in 1996, Morrow was told he was surplus to requirements at Highbury, and he was loaned to Queens Park Rangers in March 1997; the deal was made permanent that summer. He played 85 games for Arsenal in total, scoring three goals.
At QPR, Morrow was initially a regular, but the club struggled, going from contenders for promotion to the Premiership to facing relegation to the Second Division. Injuries to his shoulder ligaments ruled Morrow out for most of the 1999–2000 season, and he lost his place in the side. Morrow later had a loan spell at Peterborough United, but it did not become permanent, and he was released on a free transfer in the summer of 2001.
Dallas Burn.
Struggling to find a club in the UK, Morrow moved to the United States to play for Major League Soccer side Dallas Burn. He spent two seasons at Dallas (who renamed themselves FC Dallas in 2004), before retiring because of a persistent neck injury.
International career.
Morrow made his full international debut for Northern Ireland, in May 1990 against Uruguay; he went on to win 39 caps for his country from then until 1999.
Managerial & further career.
On 3 February 2004 he was named as an assistant coach to FC Dallas but resigned in late May due to personal reasons. However, he returned to the club on 27 January 2005 under coach Colin Clarke. When Clarke was fired on 7 November 2006, Morrow was named interim head coach. On 11 December 2006, FC Dallas general manager Michael Hitchcock removed the 'interim' from his title. Morrow was fired as coach on 20 May 2008.
On 12 September 2008 Morrow returned to Arsenal as International Partnerships – Performance Supervisor, managing Arsenal's international partnerships, which currently include the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer in the United States, BEC Tero of Thailand and Hoang Anh Gia Lai of Vietnam, and assisting Arsenal's academies in countries such as Egypt and Ghana. He has also worked as a live match analyst for Arsenal's online webcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="2847497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847497" title="Beauty Is Only Skin Deep">
Beauty Is Only Skin Deep

"Beauty Is Only Skin Deep" is a 1966 hit single recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. Written by Norman Whitfield and Edward Holland, Jr., and produced by Whitfield, the song was a number three pop hit and a number one R&B hit in the United States.
The song's theme is inner beauty, and its value over physical appearance. David Ruffin sings lead on this song, relating the story of a man who's become frustrated with dating pretty women with "ugly" attitudes. He now praises his current girl, whom he does not find as physically beautiful, but feels that her personality more than makes up for it. "She may be fine on the outside/but so untrue on the inside", is a typical lyric from the song.
Norman Whitfield recorded the song's instrumental track in 1964, two years before he got together with Eddie Holland to have lyrics written for the song. Several artists recorded "Beauty Is Only Skin Deep" before the Temptations, including David Ruffin's older brother Jimmy Ruffin, and The Miracles, who included it on their 1966 "Away We a Go-Go" album. After Whitfield's previous production for the Temptations, "Ain't Too Proud to Beg", hit number-one on the "Billboard" R&B singles chart, he prepared "Beauty Is Only Skin Deep" as a showcase for Ruffin and the Temptations.
It was chosen as a single by Billie Jean Brown, head of Motown's quality control department. The group appealed the decision to Motown head Berry Gordy, who preferred it to the group's choice. The record proved much more successful than the group members expected: "Beauty Is Only Skin Deep" was an R&B number-one hit, the Temptations' fourth, and reached number-three on the Billboard Pop Singles Chart. The song never appeared on a regular Temptations studio LP, but was featured on the group's first "Greatest Hits" record.

</doc>
<doc id="2847503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847503" title="Thin basement membrane disease">
Thin basement membrane disease

Thin basement membrane disease (TBMD, also known as "benign familial hematuria" and "thin basement membrane nephropathy") is, along with IgA nephropathy, the most common cause of asymptomatic hematuria. The only abnormal finding in this disease is a thinning of the basement membrane of the glomeruli in the kidneys. Its importance lies in the fact that it has a benign prognosis, with patients maintaining a normal kidney function throughout their lives.
Signs and symptoms.
Most patients with thin basement membrane disease are incidentally discovered to have microscopic hematuria on urinalysis. The blood pressure, kidney function, and the urinary protein excretion are usually normal. Mild proteinuria (less than 1.5 g/day) and hypertension are seen in a small minority of patients. Frank hematuria and loin pain should prompt a search for another cause, such as kidney stones or loin pain-hematuria syndrome. Also, there are no systemic manifestations, so presence of hearing impairment or visual impairment should prompt a search for hereditary nephritis such as Alport syndrome.
Diagnosis.
Thin basement membrane disease must be differentiated from the other two common causes of glomerular hematuria, IgA nephropathy and Alport syndrome. The history and presentation are helpful in this regard:
A kidney biopsy is the only way to diagnose thin basement membrane disease. It reveals thinning of the glomerular basement membrane from the normal 300 to 400 nanometers (nm) to 150 to 250 nm. However, a biopsy is rarely done in cases where the patient has isolated microscopic hematuria, normal kidney function, and no proteinuria. The prognosis is excellent in this setting unless the clinical manifestations progress, as occurs in most males and some females with Alport syndrome and many patients with IgA nephropathy.
Genetics.
The molecular basis for thin basement membrane disease has yet to be elucidated fully; however, defects in type IV collagen have been reported in some families.
Some individuals with TBMD are thought to be carriers for genes that cause Alport syndrome.
Treatment.
Most patients with thin basement membrane disease need only reassurance. Indeed, this disease was previously referred to as "benign familial hematuria" because of its usually benign course. Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors have been suggested to reduce the episodes of hematuria, though controlled studies are lacking. Treating co-existing hypercalciuria and hyperuricosuria will also be helpful in reducing hematuria.
The molecular basis for thin basement membrane disease has yet to be elucidated fully; however, defects in the gene encoding the a4 chain of type IV collagen have been reported in some families.
Prognosis.
Overall, most people with thin basement membrane disease have an excellent prognosis. Some reports, however, suggest that a minority might develop hypertension.
Thin basement membrane disease may co-exist with other kidney diseases, which may in part be explained by the high prevalence of thin basement membrane disease.

</doc>
<doc id="2847505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847505" title="Svein Grøndalen">
Svein Grøndalen

Svein Grøndalen (born 8 February 1955) is a retired Norwegian footballer.
He was born in Halden, and as a youngster he lived in Halden, Drammen, Halden again, and Hunndalen. He played youth football for Kvik Halden and Raufoss, and senior football for Raufoss, Rosenborg, Moss and Ås. In total he got 77 caps for Norway, between 1973 and 1984.
Grøndalen played left back or central defender, and was noted for his "physical" style of play. Many people remember him best for a brutal tackle which injured Swede Ralf Edström during a 1977 international match. He is also remembered for missing a World Cup qualification match due to a bizarre injury, while running in the forest before the game Grøndalen ran into a moose and injured himself so badly he couldn't play the next game.
He took education at the Norwegian Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="2847508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847508" title="Caversham, Western Australia">
Caversham, Western Australia

Caversham is a suburb of Perth, Western Australia, located in the City of Swan.

</doc>
<doc id="2847517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847517" title="South's Oldest Rivalry">
South's Oldest Rivalry

The South's Oldest Rivalry is an American college football rivalry game played annually by the Virginia Cavaliers football team of the University of Virginia and the North Carolina Tar Heels football team of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Both universities are currently members of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), but the Cavaliers and Tar Heels played their first football game in 1892, over sixty years before the formation of the ACC.
Series history.
Long being the most played game among all Football Bowl Subdivision series in the Southeastern United States, it has become known over the years simply as the "South's Oldest Rivalry". It is also the oldest series in this highest division on the Atlantic coast. The 2010 meeting marked the 115th edition of this game (played continuously since 1919), five more than the Army–Navy Game (played continuously since 1930), and one more than the ""Deep" South's Oldest Rivalry" (Georgia–Auburn, played continuously since 1944).
The game was first played in 1892, twice (Virginia won the first, and North Carolina the second). It is the 4th most played rivalry game among college football's BCS conference schools, behind three midwestern or Texan rivalries: Paul Bunyan's Axe (Minnesota–Wisconsin), Border War (Kansas–Missouri) and Lone Star Showdown (Texas–Texas A&M). Since the Border War and Lone Star Showdown are no longer played annually due to conference realignment, the Virginia-North Carolina rivalry may eventually overtake them in the number of games played.
Virginia and North Carolina have faced each other more times, 118, than they have faced any other program. Second-most played is 103 for North Carolina versus Wake Forest University who North Carolina first played on October 18, 1888 losing by a score of 6-4. North Carolina leads the all-time series, 60–54–4, but Virginia is 20–10–1 in the rivalry since 1983. In 2010 UNC broke a long losing streak in Charlottesville with a 44-10 victory. It was UNC's first road win in the series since 1981, ending what many UNC fans mockingly described as the "Charlottesville Curse." In 2011 UNC posted a 28-17 victory in Kenan Stadium and Beat Virginia in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1982. The teams recently renewed their rivalry on November 15, 2012 in Charlottesville. UNC broke up a close game in the 4th quarter to win 37-13. It was UNC's second consecutive victory in Scott Stadium and third straight over all in the series. In 2013, UNC dominated Virginia 45-14 in Chapel Hill, winning its 4th straight in the rivalry. UNC currently leads 60-54-4.
Nature of the Rivalry.
There is considerable historical lineage and academic standing between the two universities involved. The University of Virginia was founded by third President of the United States and founding father Thomas Jefferson whereas the University of North Carolina was the first operational state university in the United States & alma-mater of U.S President, James K Polk and literary writer Thomas Wolfe. When the Richard Moll book listing the original eight "Public Ivies" (public colleges with high academic and tough admissions standards) was published in 1985, there were only two sharing a common athletic conference: the University of Virginia and the University of North Carolina.
In addition, the rivalry is also nicknamed the "Gentlemen's Rivalry." One reason for this moniker is the prestigious image, both academically & socially, of both universities. Both institutions' student bodies tend to mirror one another from a social & academic standpoint. 
As for today and recent decades, the rivalry has been lackluster and less heated despite a few recent historical wins by UNC. In 2010, former coach Butch Davis ended a 14 year drought and won in Charlottesville (44-10), officially ending "the Charlottesville Curse" (commonly referred to by Carolina fans), and was UNC's first victory in Charlottesville since 1981. UNC also beat UVa the following season in 2011 to win 2 straight in the series, which had not been done by a UNC football team since the mid '70's into the early '80's, when Carolina won 9 straight and dominated the series. In addition, when UNC coach Mack Brown took over the Carolina program in the late 1980s and had very successful recruiting efforts, especially in the talent rich Tidewater (VA) area throughout the '90's, the rivalry really hit its peak when highly rated (VA) prospect Ronald Curry committed to North Carolina over Virginia.
Contributing factors.
"The Curse of Benedict Ronald".
Widely considered the best high school football player of all time from the state of Virginia, and the only junior ever to be named the nation's top high school quarterback by USA Today, Ronald Curry announced a verbal commitment to George Welsh's Virginia program on September 4, 1997 during ESPN coverage of that night's game between Virginia and Auburn. With the commitment from Curry, Welsh was not able to recruit Michael Vick, whose stellar career in the same high school district was largely overshadowed by Curry's. While Curry's high school football coach, 12-time state champion Mike Smith, was happy that Curry would attend Virginia, Curry's AAU basketball coach Boo Williams told Curry he should decommit and go to a "basketball school" like North Carolina to get a better shot at the NBA. Curry would never play for an NBA team, though he spent seven seasons in the NFL as a wide receiver.
Curry decommitted from Virginia and signed a letter of intent to North Carolina in April 1998. Meanwhile Michael Vick had signed with another major football rival of Virginia, Virginia Tech. This made Curry a very unpopular figure among Virginia fans, who referred to him by such terms as "Benedict Curry", "Benedict Ronald", or "WHN" (an abbreviation of "What's his name?"), and he won the "Sports Jerk of the Year" award for his actions in the nationally syndicated Tank McNamara comic strip.
Curry was 1-3 against Virginia in the South's Oldest Rivalry. Curry's first trip to Charlottesville was greeted by much pre-game hype. Curry was soundly booed by the Scott Stadium crowd during his time on the field, and senior Oscar Davenport took most of the snaps at quarterback for UNC, going 18-of-33 for 227 yards in a 30-13 loss. UNC's sole victory against Virginia during Curry's time as a Tar Heel came when he was a senior in 2001, when he also split time at quarterback (with freshman Darian Durant). Curry did contribute one of the biggest plays in the 2001 game, a 66-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Sam Aiken.
Famous Spectators.
Probably the most famous spectator of this rivalry was present on Thanksgiving Day 1928. United States President Calvin Coolidge and First Lady Grace Anna Goodhue Coolidge were among the 20,000 spectators watching the game at Charlottesville to see North Carolina win 24–20 over Virginia.
Game results.
Below are the results of all 118 meetings.
Other Sports.
Basketball.
Carolina currently leads the series 127-50.
The Deep South's Oldest Rivalry.
The Deep South's Oldest Rivalry (Auburn-Georgia) may eventually surpass "South's Oldest Rivalry" (UNC-Virginia) in number of games played due to the conference expansion of the SEC and ACC conferences. With the possibility of a same-season rematch in the SEC Championship, Auburn and Georgia can play a second game in the same season; North Carolina and Virginia, however, are in the same division of the ACC, making a similar North Carolina vs. Virginia ACC Championship matchup impossible. Currently the UVA-UNC series leads the AUB-UGA series by one game. However, because the UVA-UNC series kept playing through World War II, it will be very difficult for AUB-UGA to surpass the rivalry in consecutive years played. Chronologically, Auburn-Georgia is the oldest rivalry in the South. Auburn-Georgia was first played on February 20, 1892. UNC-Virginia was first played eight months and three days later on October 22, 1892.
Notes.
1Virginia won the first game played in 1892.
2North Carolina won the second game played in 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="2847519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847519" title="Cringle Moor">
Cringle Moor

Cringle Moor is the third highest hill in the North York Moors, and the highest point west of Clay Bank.
The hill is crossed by the Cleveland Way National Trail and is a part of Wainwrights Coast to Coast Walk, which also passes over the neighbouring tops of Cold Moor, Carlton Moor, Live Moor and Hasty Bank—a section of the walk which Wainwright describes as 'one of the finest'. It is also part of the Lyke Wake Walk.

</doc>
<doc id="2847529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847529" title="Rolls-Royce Trent 500">
Rolls-Royce Trent 500

The Rolls-Royce Trent 500 is a turbofan engine, developed from the RB.211 and is one of the family of Trent engines.
Design and development.
In 1995, Airbus began considering an engine for two new long-range derivatives of its four-engined A340 aircraft, designated A340-500/-600. The existing -200 and -300 models were powered by CFM International CFM56 engines (which had been selected in April 1987 before the Trent family was launched). However, the CFM56 was at the limit of its development capability, and would be unable to power the new A340-500/-600. In April 1996, Airbus signed an agreement with General Electric to develop a suitable engine, but decided not to proceed when GE demanded an exclusivity deal on the A340. After a contest with Pratt & Whitney, Airbus announced on 15 June 1997 at the Paris Air Show that it had selected the Trent 500 to power the A340-500 and -600.
The Trent 500 first ran in May 1999 and achieved certification in December 2000. It entered service on the A340-600 with Virgin Atlantic Airways in July 2002 and on the ultra-long range A340-500 with Emirates in December 2003. As at January 2009 a total of 15 customers have placed firm orders for 139 A340s powered by Trent 500s; Lufthansa is the largest operator with 21 currently in service.
The Trent 500 powers the Airbus A340-500 and A340-600. It was certificated at thrust, but derated to as the Trent 553 to power the A340-500, and to as the Trent 556 for the A340-600 and A340-500HGW. However, a version is installed in the A340-600HGW "(High Gross Weight)", a higher-performance version of the A340-600. The Trent 500 has the same wide-chord fan as the Trent 700, together with a core scaled from the Trent 800.

</doc>
<doc id="2847530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847530" title="Rolls-Royce Trent 700">
Rolls-Royce Trent 700

The Rolls-Royce Trent 700 is a turbofan engine, developed from the RB211, and is the first variant of the family of Trent engines.
Design and development.
When Airbus was planning its new twin-jet A330 in the late 1980s, Rolls-Royce proposed a version of the Trent 600 (known as the Trent 680) to power it. However, as the A330's design weight increased, it became clear that more thrust would be required, and Rolls proposed the Trent 720, the first member of the Trent 700 series.
In April 1989 Cathay Pacific became the first customer to specify an Airbus aircraft powered by Rolls-Royce engines when it ordered ten A330s powered by the Trent 700. The following month TWA followed suit with an order for twenty A330s. Air Canada chose the engine for its fleet of eight A330-300s.
The Trent 700 first ran in August 1990, and certification was achieved in January 1994. 90 minutes ETOPS approval was achieved in March 1995, and this was extended to 120 minutes in December 1995 and 180 minutes in May 1996.
In 2009 Rolls-Royce introduced an upgraded version of the engine dubbed the Trent 700EP (enhanced performance) which incorporated a package of improvements derived from later members of the Trent engine family (especially the Trent 1000). These included elliptical leading edges and optimised fan and high pressure turbine tip clearances. Together the improvements provided a 1.2% improvement to the Trent 700's specific fuel consumption. Some of the improvements were also made available as a retro-fit kit to existing airlines.
Further upgrades were announced in 2013 as part of the T700EP2 package. The upgraded engine will be available in 2015 and is intended for higher gross weight A330s. This upgrade package will improve fuel efficiency by about 1% and is likely to be the last upgrade of Trent 700. It may also be available as a retrofit package in the future.
Rolls-Royce claims that the Trent 700 has the lowest life cycle fuel burn, and is the quietest and cleanest engine available on the A330. Cathay Pacific is the largest operator, with 31 Trent 700-powered A330s. Rolls received orders for 140 of the type during the Paris Air Show in June 2007. The Trent 700 was the third engine to market on the A330, after GE and PW. According to the Rolls-Royce website the engine had a 57% market share while since the introduction of the Trent 700EP variant in 2009 its market share has been over 70%.
Applications.
The Trent 700 family powers the Airbus A330. It comes in 2 thrust ratings, and . It first entered service on Cathay Pacific's A330s in March 1995.
Specifications (Trent 700).
The list price for a RR Trent 700-series engine is between 35.5 and 37.5 million US dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="2847533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847533" title="Rolls-Royce Trent 800">
Rolls-Royce Trent 800

The Rolls-Royce Trent 800 is a high-bypass-ratio turbofan engine, developed from the RB211 and is one of the family of Trent engines. It was designed to be used on the Boeing 777. 
Design and development.
In the late 1980s, Boeing was investigating an enlarged development of its 767 model dubbed the 767X, for which Rolls-Royce proposed the Trent 760. By 1990 Boeing abandoned its planned 767X and instead decided to launch a new, larger aircraft family designated 777 with a thrust requirement of or more. The Trent 700's diameter fan would not be big enough to meet this requirement, so Rolls proposed a new version with a fan diameter, designated Trent 800. Rolls brought in Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries as risk and revenue sharing partners who between them took an 11 per cent stake in the Trent 700 and 800 programmes.
Testing of the Trent 800 began in September 1993, and certification was achieved in January 1995.
The first Boeing 777 with Trent 800 engines flew in May 1995, and entered service with Thai Airways International on 31 March 1996. 180 minutes ETOPS approval was granted by the FAA on 10 October 1996.
Initially Rolls-Royce had difficulty selling the engine: British Airways, traditionally a Rolls-Royce customer, submitted a large order for the competing General Electric GE90 engine. The breakthrough came when the company won orders from Singapore Airlines, previously a staunch Pratt & Whitney customer, for its 34 Boeing 777s; this was soon followed by large North American orders from American Airlines and Delta Air Lines for their 777 fleets. British Airways announced in September 1998 that it was returning to Rolls-Royce for its second batch of 777s, and did so again in April 2007. The Trent 800 has a 41% share of the engine market on the 777 variants for which it is available. Rolls-Royce Trent 800s are now commonly used on the Boeing 777 series. Major airlines such as Air New Zealand, British Airways, American Airlines, Kenya Airways, Emirates, and many other airlines now operate Boeing 777's with Trent 800s on a regular schedule.
Accidents and incidents.
On 17 January 2008, a British Airways Boeing 777-236ER, operating as flight number BA038 from Beijing to London, crash-landed at Heathrow after both Trent 800 engines lost power during the aircraft's final approach. The subsequent investigation found that the cause was ice released from the fuel system which accumulated on the fuel-oil heat exchanger leading to a restriction of fuel flow to the engines. Rolls-Royce has developed a modification to prevent the problem recurring.
Applications.
The Trent 800 family powers the Boeing 777. It is available on the 777-200, 777-200ER and 777-300 variants, with thrust ratings spanning . The engine is the lightest in its class; a Trent-powered Boeing 777 weighs up to 3.6 tonnes less than General Electric and Pratt & Whitney-powered versions.
The Trent 800, however, is not available on the longer-range and freighter 777 variants ( 777-200LR, 777-200 Freighter and 777-300ER); these variants are exclusively powered by the GE90-115B (110B1) engine.

</doc>
<doc id="2847535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847535" title="Rolls-Royce Trent 900">
Rolls-Royce Trent 900

The Rolls-Royce Trent 900 is a series of turbofan engines, developed from the RB211 and is one of the family of Trent engines.
Design and development.
In the early 1990s, Airbus had begun development of a larger successor to the Boeing 747, an aircraft designated A3XX, which was later to be formally launched as the A380. By 1996, its definition had progressed to the extent that Rolls-Royce was able to announce that it would develop the Trent 900 to power the A380. In October 2000, the Trent 900 became the A380's launch engine when Singapore Airlines specified the engine for its order for 10 A380s; this was quickly followed by Qantas in February 2001.
Rolls-Royce has seven risk and revenue sharing partners on the Trent 900: Industria de Turbo Propulsores (low pressure turbine), Hamilton Sundstrand (electronic engine controls), Avio S.p.A. (gearbox module), Marubeni Corporation (engine components), Volvo Aero (intermediate compressor case), Goodrich Corporation (fan casings and sensors) and Honeywell (pneumatic systems). In addition, Samsung Techwin, Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries (IHI) are programme associates.
The Trent 900 made its maiden flight on 17 May 2004 on Airbus' A340-300 testbed, replacing the port inner CFM56-5 engine, and its final certification was granted by EASA on 29 October 2004 and the FAA on 4 December 2006. Rolls-Royce announced in October 2007 that production of the Trent 900 had been restarted after a twelve month suspension caused by delays to the A380.
On 27 September 2007, British Airways announced the selection of the Trent 900 to power 12 A380 aircraft, helping to take the engine's share of the A380 engine market to 52% at the end of February 2009.
The Trent 900 family powers the Airbus A380. It comes in two thrust ratings for the A380, and but is capable of achieving . It features a significant amount of technology inherited from the 8104 demonstrator including its diameter swept-back fan which provides greater thrust for the same engine size, and is also about 15 percent lighter than previous wide-chord blades. It is also the first member of the Trent family to feature a contra-rotating HP spool and uses the core of the very reliable Trent 500. It is the only A380 engine that can be transported on a Boeing 747 freighter whole.
Whereas most members of the Trent family are controlled by Goodrich FADECs, engine controllers on the Trent 900 are provided by Hamilton Sundstrand, a United Technologies (UTC) company. UTC is also the parent company of Pratt & Whitney, who, with GE Aircraft Engines, is partnering to produce the Engine Alliance GP7000, the other engine available for the A380. This kind of cooperation among competitors is prevalent in the aircraft market as it provides for risk sharing among them and diversity in source countries, which may be a significant factor in an airline's choice of airframe and powerplant.
The Trent 900 will be the first Trent engine fitted with the advanced Engine Health Monitoring (EHM) system based on QUICK Technology.
Upgrades.
The Trent 900 family of engines had their first set of upgrades marketed as the Trent 900EP; these were available for delivery from 2012. This package delivered a 1% saving on fuel burn compared to non EP engines. While one source states that this package is not available as a retro fit to previously delivered engines, Rolls Royce told Aviation Week and Space Technology that the upgrades were intended in most cases for both new engines and as retrofits. This upgrade is based on advancements made during the development of the Trent XWB (for the Airbus A350 XWB) and matches improvements made for the Trent 700 called the Trent 700EP. Block 1 includes elliptical leading edges in the compressor, smaller low-pressure turbine tip clearances, and new coating for the high pressure compressor drum, as well as an upgrade to the engine control (FADEC) software.
The EP2 package entered testing in May 2013 and is scheduled to be available for delivery in mid 2014. This package aims to provide a further 0.8% reduction in fuel burn on top of the improvements offered by the EP package. Changes include better sealing of the low pressure turbine, improvements to fan blade tip clearances, and other changes derived from the engines developed for the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350.
EP2 passed a type certificate test by European Aviation Safety Agency on the 27th November 2013 and an update type certificate was issued on 11th December 2013.
Notable incidents.
On 28 September 2009 a Trent 970 powered Airbus A380-841 (Registration 9V-SKJ) of Singapore Airlines Flight SQ333 was forced to return to Paris after an in-flight engine malfunction and shutdown. The cause of the engine malfunction is unknown.
On 4 November 2010, a Trent 972 powered Airbus A380-842 (Registration VH-OQA) of Qantas Flight QF32 suffered an uncontained engine failure (explosion) in engine number 2 en route from Singapore to Sydney and returned to Singapore Changi Airport where it landed safely. Qantas grounded its fleet of six A380s for over three weeks after the accident pending the investigation and said it may replace up to 16 engines after identifying potential problems. VH-OQA was repaired at an estimated cost of 139 million. The aircraft has four new engines, a repaired left wing, and had extensive onground testing and two test flights. It returned to service on 28 April 2012.
On 10 November 2010, the European Aviation Safety Agency issued an Emergency Airworthiness Directive, ordering airlines using the Trent 900 engine to conduct frequent and stringent tests, including extended ground idle runs, Low Pressure Turbine (LPT) stage 1 blade and case drain inspections and HP/IP structure air buffer cavity and oil service tube inspections. However, on 22 November 2010, the EASA eased its inspection guidelines, citing progress in the investigation. It dropped requirements for extended ground idle runs and requirements for repetitive inspections of the LPT stage 1 blades and case drain. 
An investigation by Rolls-Royce concluded that the accident was caused by an oil fire and was confined to a specific component in the turbine area of the engine. The fire led to the release of the Intermediate Pressure Turbine (IPT) disc. It also said the issue is specific to the Trent 900.
Airbus determined that the IPT disk released 3 different high energy fragments, resulting in some structural and systems damage. It also concluded that segregated wiring routes were cut by 2 out of the 3 individual disk debris and as a result, engine 1 could not be shut down after landing.
On 18 November, Airbus announced it may seek compensation from Rolls-Royce for any disruption caused by the Qantas incident and the plans to re-assign engines.
In a preliminary investigation report of the engine failure of Qantas Flight QF32, released 3 December 2010, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau outlined safety actions taken already, including the issuing of a safety recommendation about potential engine problems with the Trent 900. The safety recommendation relates to a possible manufacturing issue with a misaligned counterbore in some pressured oil pipes, which could lead to fatigue cracking, oil leakage, oil fire, and engine failure.
Qantas claims that thrust restrictions recommended by Rolls-Royce following the engine failure have led to severely reduced payloads, making routes unprofitable.
Specifications (Trent 900).
Source: EASA Type Certificate

</doc>
<doc id="2847536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847536" title="Rolls-Royce Trent 1000">
Rolls-Royce Trent 1000

The Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 is a turbofan engine, developed from earlier Trent series engines. The Trent 1000 powered the Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its maiden flight, and on its first commercial flight.
Design and development.
On 6 April 2004 Boeing announced that it had selected two engine partners for its new 787: Rolls-Royce and General Electric (GE). Initially, Boeing toyed with the idea of sole sourcing the powerplant for the 787, with GE being the most likely candidate. However, potential customers demanded choices and Boeing relented. For the first time in commercial aviation, both engine types will have a standard interface with the aircraft, allowing any 787 to be fitted with either a GE or Rolls-Royce engine at any time as long as the pylon is also modified.
As with earlier variants of the Trent family, Rolls partnered with risk and revenue sharing partners on the Trent 1000 program. This time there were six partners: Kawasaki Heavy Industries (intermediate compressor module), Mitsubishi Heavy Industries (combustor and low pressure turbine blades), Industria de Turbo Propulsores (low pressure turbine), Carlton Forge Works (fan case), Hamilton Sundstrand (gearbox) and Goodrich Corporation (engine control system). Altogether, these partners have a 35 percent stake in the program.
In June 2004, the first public engine selection was made by Air New Zealand who chose the Trent 1000 for its two firm orders. In the largest 787 order, that of Japan's All Nippon Airways, Rolls-Royce was selected as the engine supplier on 13 October 2004. The deal is valued at $1bn (£560m) and covers 30 787-3s and 20 787-8s. The Trent 1000 will be the launch engine on both currently planned 787 models, the -8 with ANA and the -9 with Air New Zealand. On 7 July 2007, Rolls Royce secured its largest ever order from an aircraft leasing company when ILFC placed an order worth $1.3 billion at list prices for Trent 1000s to power 40 of the 787s which it has on order(~ $16.25 m per engine, which is ~ 22% of airplane price), and on 27 September 2007 British Airways announced the selection of the Trent 1000 to power 24 Boeing 787 aircraft. Trent 1000's share of the 787 engine market was 40% at the end of August 2008.
The Trent 1000 family makes extensive use of technology derived from the Trent 8104 demonstrator. In order to fulfill Boeing's requirement for a "more-electric" engine, the Trent 1000 is a bleedless design, with power take-off from the intermediate-pressure (IP) spool instead of the high-pressure (HP) spool found in other members of the Trent family. A diameter swept-back fan, with a smaller diameter hub to help maximize airflow, was specified. The bypass ratio has been increased over previous variants by suitable adjustments to the core flow. A high pressure ratio along with contra-rotating the IP and HP spools improves efficiency, and the use of more legacy components reduces the parts count to minimise maintenance costs. A tiled combustor is featured.
The first run of the Trent 1000 was on 14 February 2006, with first flight on Rolls-Royce's own flying testbed (a modified Boeing 747-200) successfully performed on 18 June 2007 from TSTC Waco Airport. The engine received joint certification from the FAA and EASA on 7 August 2007 (7-8-7 in the UK). The initial design failed to meet the Boeing required specific fuel consumption (SFC). However, entry into service has been repeatedly delayed, following a series of setbacks to the Boeing 787 airframe programme, allowing two redesign packages to be incorporated into the test programme which are said to improve the SFC by 3-4% to bring it to within 1% of specification.
On 2 August 2010, a Trent 1000 suffered an uncontained intermediate turbine failure on a test stand, reported as being due to a fire in the engine oil system. 
On 26 October 2011, the 787 flew its first commercial flight from Narita to Hong Kong on All Nippon Airways, powered by Trent 1000 engines.

</doc>
<doc id="2847550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847550" title="Dipterocarpus">
Dipterocarpus

Dipterocarpus is a genus of flowering plants and the type genus of family Dipterocarpaceae. 
The genus has about 70 species, occurring in Southeast Asia. It is an important component of dipterocarp forests. Its generic name comes from Greek and means "two-winged fruits".
The greatest diversity of "Dipterocarpus" species occurs on Borneo, with many endemic to the island.
Uses.
The genus is of considerable importance as timber trees, sold under the trade name Keruing, although not as important as "Shorea" species. "Dipterocarpus turbinatus", Gurjan, is a major commercial timber species found in the Andaman islands. Gurjan wood is very important for making plywood.
Selected species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="2847558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847558" title="Bjarne Berntsen">
Bjarne Berntsen

Bjarne Berntsen (born 21 December 1956) is a Norwegian football coach and former player. He is currently employed as the Director of Viking FK, where he has served as both player and manager in the past.
Playing career.
Bjarne Berntsen began his football career in local club Figgjo IL, and went to Norwegian Premier League club Viking in 1977. He played for Viking until 1982, and during this period played 33 matches for the Norway national football team,
including the famous September 1981 win over England when he played at right-back.
Manager years.
After retiring as a player Berntsen coached Figgjo, Bryne and Viking, as well as being an assistant coach for the men's national team between 1986 and 1987. Between 1999 and 2004 Berntsen was the CEO for Viking Fotball ASA. In late 2004 he, quite surprisingly, was offered the job as head coach for the Norway women's national football team, and he took over on 1 January 2005.
International trainer.
Berntsen's first tournament with the national women's team was the 2005 UEFA Women's Championship which took place in June 2005 in England. He courted controversy by including in the squad 16-year-old Isabell Herlovsen, the daughter of a former colleague in the Norway national team – but twice she scored vital goals to keep Norway in the tournament. After mixed fortunes in the group stage, Norway played a memorable semifinal against Sweden which they won by 3–2 after extra time with a goal from Solveig Gulbrandsen. In the final against Germany Norway lost 3–1.
Berntsen led the national women's team through qualification to the FIFA Women's World Cup 2007 tournament in China, where they won their group by beating Canada and Ghana and drawing against Australia. In the quarter final against the hosts China, in front of 50,000 spectators, Norway won 1–0, the only goal being scored by Herlovsen. In the semifinal the team lost to Germany by 3–0, and they then lost the third-place playoff 4–1 against the USA to finish in fourth place. By virtue of their performance at the World Cup, Norway qualified for the 2008 Olympics.
After the UEFA Women's Euro 2009, Berntsen resigned as coach of the women's national team. On 11 February 2010, Viking announced that Berntsen again was hired as the CEO of the club, four and a half year after he got fired from the same posisition. Two years later, Berntsen was nominated as vice president of Football Association of Norway which means that he has to quit his position in Viking if he gets elected.
Personal life.
Apart from Norway and Viking, Berntsen is a keen supporter of England and Liverpool.

</doc>
<doc id="2847571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847571" title="San Salvador (volcano)">
San Salvador (volcano)

The San Salvador Volcano (also known as Quetzaltepec and Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano situated northwest to the city of San Salvador. The crater has been nearly filled with a relatively newer edifice, the Boquerón volcano.
The city of San Salvador is adjacent to the volcano and the western section of the city actually lies among its slopes. Because of this close proximity, any geological activity of the volcano, whether eruptive or not, has the potential to result in catastrophic destruction and death to the city.
Despite this, the volcano is iconic of the city, and several TV and radio antennas are situated on the El Picacho peaks and the crater of Boqueron. El Picacho, the prominent peak is the highest elevation (1,960 meters altitude)
San Salvador edifice.
The San Salvador edifice formed more than 70,000 years ago, creating an edifice about 10 to 14 km in diameter and 3,000m above sea level. Later, an explosive eruptive episode called 'G-1' (about 40,000 to 50,000 years ago) formed a crater that was 4.5 km by 6 km in size. The Picacho and Jabali peaks are the remnants of this crater. The G-1 episode erupted a dacitic pumice effusion, likely in a plinian style eruption.
Boquerón edifice.
The Boquerón edifice formed between 40,000 and 1580 years ago, filling up the G-1 eruption crater. the lavas of the Boquerón edifice contain more alkali element and iron oxide than the lavas of the san salvador edifice, allowing for a clear chemical distinction.
Around 800 years ago, the present day crater was formed in a violent explosion. The crater, which gives it the present name (Boquerón means "big mouth" in Spanish) is 1.5 km in diameter and 500m deep. Within the crater around the upper walls, crops are cultivated by the locals who live on the volcano.
The magma chamber which the volcano sits upon contains a number of fissures which protrude along the flanks and sides of the volcano. The northwest (N40W) fissure has been the most active recently, with such significant eruptive events, such as the Loma Caldera eruption which buried the ancient village of Ceren and the eruption of El Playon (1658–71) which buried the town of Nexapa. The citizens relocated to Nejapa and nowadays the eruption is celebrated annually.
The most recent eruption in 1917 caused a flank eruption on the volcano along the N40W fissure. During this eruption, the crater lake inside the Boqueron evaporated and a cinder cone appeared, christened 'Boqueroncito'.

</doc>
<doc id="2847572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847572" title="And Having Writ...">
And Having Writ...

And Having Writ... is a 1978 science fiction/alternate history novel written by Donald R. Bensen.
It was nominated for the 1979 John W. Campbell Award.
Plot introduction.
Four aliens crash-land on Earth in 1908 and then journey around the planet, trying to jump-start World War I. Even though they fail to do this, they succeed in creating the circumstances for their ultimate departure from Earth after a period of suspended animation.
Plot summary.
According to the novel, the Siberian explosion was originally caused by the crash landing of the spaceship Wanderer. In this alternate reality, however, the alien astronauts are able to commandeer their failing vessel so that it lands in the Pacific Ocean, just outside of San Francisco.
Shortly after landing, the quartet of spacemen are rescued from the sea by an American ship and taken to California. The Wanderer sinks into the ocean, and the team reasons that they must find a way to accelerate Earth’s technological advances so that they can get back home. The eventual conclusion they arrive at is that they must provoke the planet into what Ari says as an inevitable global conflict, one that, through weaponry innovations, will result in boom of new science and industry.
Characters in "And Having Writ...".
The astronauts and their roles.
The four astronauts never identify their home world, merely saying that they are a team of Explorers sent to gather information about foreign planets.
Historical Figures.
The astronauts interact with a number of important global personages during their stay on Earth.
Literary significance & criticism.
""a smoothly humorous sf novel set in an alternate world engendered by the survival of the aliens whose crash-landing caused the Siberian Tunguska explosion of 1908. Thomas Alva Edison and H.G. Wells make appearances" (John Clute/Encyclopedia of SF).
Allusions/references to actual history, geography and current science.
The actual Tunguska Event was a massive explosion in Siberia, in June 1908. The explosion, unexplained even today, felled sixty million trees and produced shockwaves that could be felt four hundred miles away. A popular explanation is that a small comet disintegrated just before impact; conspiracy theorists have more interesting explanations.

</doc>
<doc id="2847582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847582" title="Repeal of Prohibition in the United States">
Repeal of Prohibition in the United States

The repeal of Prohibition in the United States was accomplished with the passage of the Twenty-first Amendment to the United States Constitution on December 5, 1933.
Background.
In 1919, the requisite number of state legislatures ratified the Eighteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, enabling national prohibition one year later. Many women, notably members of the Woman’s Christian Temperance Union, were pivotal in bringing about national Prohibition in the United States, believing it would protect families, women, and children from the effects of alcohol abuse.
Impact of prohibition.
The proponents of prohibition had believed that banning alcoholic beverages would reduce or even eliminate many social problems, particularly drunkenness, crime, mental illness, and poverty. In 1925 journalist H.L. Mencken believed the opposite to be true:
Some supporters of Prohibition, such as Rev. Charles Stelzle who wrote "Why Prohibition!" (1918), believed that prohibition would eventually lead to reductions in taxes, since drinking "produced half the business" for institutions supported by tax dollars such as courts, jails, hospitals, almshouses, and insane asylums. In fact, alcohol consumption and the incidence of alcohol-related domestic violence were decreasing before the Eighteenth Amendment was adopted. Following the imposition of Prohibition, reformers "were dismayed to find that child neglect and violence against children actually increased during the Prohibition era."
During Prohibition, people continued to produce and drink alcohol, and bootlegging helped foster a massive industry under the control of organized crime. Drinking in speakeasies became increasingly fashionable, and many mothers worried about the allure that alcohol and other illegal activities associated with bootlegging would have over their children.
Prohibitionists argued that Prohibition would be more effective if enforcement were increased. However, increased efforts to enforce Prohibition simply resulted in the government spending more money, rather than less. The economic cost of Prohibition became especially pronounced during the Great Depression. According to Association Against the Prohibition Amendment (AAPA) and Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform (WONPR), an estimated $861 million was lost in federal tax revenue from untaxed liquor; $40 million was spent annually on Prohibition enforcement. The AAPA also released a pamphlet claiming that $11 billion was lost in federal liquor-tax revenue and $310 million was spent on Prohibition enforcement from 1920 to 1931. This lack of potential funding during a period of economic strife became a crucial part of the campaign for repeal.
Organized opposition.
During this period, support for Prohibition diminished among voters and politicians. John D. Rockefeller Jr., a lifelong nondrinker who had contributed between $350,000 and $700,000 to the Anti-Saloon League, announced his support for repeal because of the widespread problems he believed Prohibition had caused. Influential leaders, such as the du Pont brothers, led the Association Against the Prohibition Amendment, whose name clearly asserted its intentions.
The repeal movement also attracted a substantial portion of women, defying the assumption that recently enfranchised female voters would automatically vote as a bloc on this issue. They became pivotal in the effort to repeal, as many "had come to the painful conclusion that the destructiveness of alcohol was now embodied in Prohibition itself." By then, women had become even more politically powerful due to ratification of the Nineteenth Amendment in support of women's suffrage. Activist Pauline Sabin argued that repeal would protect families from the corruption, violent crime, and underground drinking that resulted from Prohibition. On May 28, 1929, Sabin founded the Women's Organization for National Prohibition Reform (WONPR), which attracted many former Prohibitionists to its ranks. By the time repeal was finally passed in 1933 the WONPR's membership was estimated at 1.5 million. Originally, Sabin was among the many women who supported the Eighteenth Amendment. Now, however, she viewed Prohibition as both hypocritical and dangerous. She recognized "the apparent decline of temperate drinking" and feared the rise of organized crime that developed around bootlegging.
Additionally, Sabin worried that America's children, witnessing a blatant disregard for dry laws, would cease to recognize the sanctity of the law itself. Finally, Sabin and the WONPR took a libertarian stance that disapproved of federal involvement in a personal matter like drinking. Over time, however, the WONPR modified its argument, playing up the "moral wrongs that threatened the American home" as a result of the corruption of the Prohibition era. As a women's organization during the early 20th century, adopting a political stance that centered around maternalism and home protection appealed to the widest audience and was favored over personal liberty arguments, which ultimately received little attention.
The WONPR was initially composed mainly of upper-class women. However, by the time the Twenty-first Amendment was passed, their membership included the middle and working classes. After a short start-up period, donations from members alone were enough to financially sustain the organization. By 1931, more women belonged to the WONPR than the WCTU; by 1932, the WONPR had branches in forty-one states.
The WONPR supported repeal on a platform of "true" temperance, claiming that "a trend toward moderation and restraint in the use of intoxicating beverages reversed by prohibition." Though their causes were in direct opposition, the WONPR mirrored the advocacy techniques of the WCTU. They canvassed door-to-door, encouraged politicians on all levels to incorporate repeal into their party platform, created petitions, gave speeches and radio interviews, dispersed persuasive literature, and held chapter meetings. At times, the WONPR also worked in cooperation with other anti-prohibition groups. In 1932 the AAPA, Voluntary Committee of Lawyers, The Crusaders, the American Hotel Organization, and the WONPR formed the United Repeal Council. The United Repeal Council lobbied at both the Republican and Democratic national conventions in 1932 to integrate repeal into their respective presidential election campaigns. Ultimately, the Republicans continued to defend Prohibition. The WONPR, which initially began as a nonpartisan organization, joined with the Democratic campaign and supported Franklin Roosevelt.
The number of repeal organizations and demand for repeal both increased.
Repeal as a political party issue.
In 1932 the Democratic Party's platform included a plank for the repeal of Prohibition, and Democratic candidate Franklin D. Roosevelt ran for president of the United States promising repeal of federal Prohibition laws.
A. Mitchell Palmer used his expertise as the Attorney General who first enforced Prohibition to promote a plan to expedite its repeal through state conventions rather than the state legislatures.
Repeal.
The Cullen-Harrison Act, signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt on March 22, 1933, authorized the sale of 3.2 percent beer (thought to be too low an alcohol concentration to be intoxicating) and wine, which allowed the first legal beer sales since the beginning of Prohibition on January 16, 1920. In 1933 state conventions ratified the Twenty-first Amendment, which repealed Prohibition. The Amendment was fully ratified on December 5, 1933. Federal laws enforcing Prohibition were then repealed.
Dry counties.
Following repeal some states continued prohibition within their own jurisdictions. Almost two-thirds of the states adopted some form of local option which enabled residents in political subdivisions to vote for or against local prohibition. For a time, 38 percent of Americans lived in areas with Prohibition. By 1966, however, all states had repealed their statewide prohibition laws, with Mississippi the last state to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="2847590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847590" title="Inter-Tribal Environmental Council">
Inter-Tribal Environmental Council

The Inter-Tribal Environmental Council (ITEC) was set up in 1992 to protect the health of Native Americans, their natural resources and environment. To accomplish this ITEC provides technical support, training and environmental services in a variety of disciplines. Currently, there are over forty ITEC member tribes in Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Texas. The ITEC is an example of the Native American Pan-Indian Organizations and Efforts.
The ITEC office has a full-time staff of twenty-two who organize and provide services to the individual ITEC member tribes. In addition, they assist individual tribes with other environmentally related issues and concerns as they arise.
The Cherokee Nation, as the leading agency in the ITEC, has been at the forefront in protecting natural resources, health, and the environment for the tribal community. Through their five stationary air-monitoring stations and one mobile air-monitoring station, the largest tribally owned and operated system of its kind in the United States, they provide quality environmental data to rural and tribal communities. 
ITEC has received funding from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Example of Native Americans' concern for the Environment.
Marine Mammal Protection Act: Reauthorization Issues for the 107th Congress
Native American culture and tradition has always revered animals as a part of nature that must be preserved. Historically, Native Americans have relied on animals for subsistence needs; so naturally many tribes and indigenous groups are concerned about the management of marine mammals. The long-term goals of tribes and indigenous groups under the Marine Mammal Protection Act are economic stability, resource sustainability, and regulatory certainty. Native Americans also believe that managing our environment and our interactions with animals "fosters economic vitality, environmental health, and rational management of natural resources."
ITEC Programs.
Clean Air Program.
"Main article:" "Clean Air Act (1970)"
The CNEP Clean Air Program operates one of the largest tribal air monitoring networks in the country. It operates five air monitoring sites within tribal jurisdictional boundaries in Oklahoma. The criteria pollutants being monitored include carbon monoxide, ozone, sulfur dioxides, nitrogen oxides and particulate matter.
General Assistance Program (GAP).
The United States Congress authorized the Environmental Protection Agency to develop a technological assistance program for Native Americans through the Indian Environmental General Assistance Program Act of 1992.
Four main components:
The principle objective of the GAP program is to provide opportunities for its member tribes to assess, evaluate and develop plans to address environmental and public health issues. Tribes that desire multi-media programs that address environmental issues can receive technical assistance through the GAP program.
The Environmental Protection Agency provides $1 million per year to tribes through their General Assistance Program (GAP). This money helps the tribes build environmental protection capacity and clean up dump sites. Member tribes close between 50 to 100 dumps every year, put infrastructure in place to prevent dumping, develop plans, and pass codes and ordinances.
ITEC Brownfields Response Program (IBRP).
The IBRP is designed to assist Native American tribes with identifying tribal property that may or may not have contamination, and then assisting with the clean up process.
"brownfields site is an abandoned, idle, or underused industrial/commercial facility where expansion or redevelopment is complicated by real or perceived environmental contamination." One such example is the Markoma Bible Academy of Tahlequah, Oklahoma, which was contaminated with asbestos and lead-based paint. The Cherokee Nation cleaned, remediated, and refurbished the site to create a Program of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) care center.
IBRP staff will be available to perform a Phase 1 Environmental Site Assessment on the potentially contaminated property. If the property is indeed contaminated, a Phase II Assessment may also be performed at the request of the tribe. After the assessment stage(s) are completed and the specific contaminate(s) are identified, "tribal staff can make decisions regarding clean-up of the site. IBRP staff will be available to assist in this process."
After clean-up, the site will be ready for redevelopment. Because each property is unique, the tribal staff will know what the best reuse of the property should be. IBRP staff will be available to assist in this process. IBRP staff has experience in performing site assessments and site characterizations on contaminated properties and we are looking forward to working with the ITEC tribes in this growing program.
Solid Waste Program.
The ITEC Subtitle D program provides these benefits to members of the ITEC:
Superfund Program.
"Main article:" "Superfund"
The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), more commonly known as Superfund, was enacted by Congress on December 11, 1980. Superfund is a federally funded program that provides for the evaluation and cleanup of abandoned hazardous waste sites. CERCLA also established compensation for stakeholders, such as Indian Tribes, who own land on which there are hazardous waste sites, negatively affecting economy and valuable resources.
The Superfund Program can provide non-emergency evaluation of a site on behalf on an ITEC member tribe only if these three criteria are meet:
Underground Storage Tank Program (UST).
Environmental/Governmental regulations regarding underground storage tanks, have been issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. "The regulations cover the design, construction and installation of new UST systems, and require that existing systems meet certain EPA standards. The regulations require that owner/operators of UST systems demonstrate financial responsibility for the cleanup of spills or releases, and/or to compensate third parties for any resulting damages." Today there are over 560 separate
federally‐recognized tribal governments throughout the United States. Of these tribes, approximately 200 have active or closed federally‐regulated underground storage tanks (USTs or tanks) on their lands. There are currently about 2,600 active USTs in Indian country.
UST training is provided to tribal environmental professionals, UST owners and operators by ITEC through EPA grants. The Inter‐Tribal Environmental Council (ITEC) has one of the longest running working relationships with EPA on UST issues and offered the first UST owner/operator training through an EPA grant in 2000. To date, over 260 individuals
have participated in the training and ITEC continues to provide about six Indian country owner/operator trainings a year.
The EPA recommends that states inspect underground storage tanks every three years, however, Tribes are not under the same guidelines as states. Most UST's have been upgraded, but many are not properly maintained and operated.

</doc>
<doc id="2847596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847596" title="Washington Bridge">
Washington Bridge

__notoc__
The Washington Bridge carries six lanes of traffic, as well as sidewalks on both sides, over the Harlem River in New York City between the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx, connecting 181st Street and Amsterdam Avenue in the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan to University Avenue in the Morris Heights neighborhood of the Bronx. Ramps at either end of the bridge connect to the Trans-Manhattan Expressway and the Cross-Bronx Expressway. The bridge is operated and maintained by the New York City Department of Transportation. It once carried U.S. Route 1, which now travels over the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.
The total length of the bridge, including approaches, is . The parallel main spans of the steel arch bridge stretch over the Harlem River, providing of vertical clearance and of horizontal clearance. The tidal maximum (mean higher high water) is and extreme low water is -3.5 compared to mean lower low water.
This two-hinged arch bridge was designed by Charles C. Schneider and Wilhelm Hildenbrand, with modifications to the design made by the Union Bridge Company, William J. McAlpine, Theodore Cooper and DeLemos & Cordes, with Edward H. Kendall as consulting architect. The original design was pared down to bring the bridge's cost to $3 million. The bridge features steel-arch construction with two 510-foot-long (150m) main spans and masonry approaches. Construction began in 1886, and the bridge opened to pedestrian traffic on December 1, 1888. The plan had been to open the bridge to vehicular traffic on February 22, 1889 — Washington's Birthday and the centennial anniversary of the first Presidency — but the full opening was delayed until December 1889.
In 1913, a young architect named John Bruns is reported to have jumped from the Washington bridge and lived.  He was quoted at his trial: "Why, Your Honor, it was a nerve test. Some friends had been taunting me on my lack of nerve because I had never married, and as we talked over the matter I made a bet that I would dive from the bridge." 
After completion of the George Washington Bridge in 1931, traffic off the bridge into the Bronx traveled over the Washington Bridge. Starting in the 1940s, ramps were built to connect the western end of the bridge to the 178th Street and 179th Street Tunnels leading to the George Washington Bridge. This allowed traffic to and from New Jersey to bypass the congested local streets of Upper Manhattan.
The Alexander Hamilton Bridge was planned in the mid-1950s to provide a direct connection between Robert Moses's proposed Trans-Manhattan and Cross-Bronx Expressways and to accommodate the additional traffic resulting from the addition of the six-lane lower level to the George Washington Bridge. The completion of the Alexander Hamilton Bridge in 1963 diverted much of the traffic away from the Washington Bridge.
The Washington Bridge underwent reconstruction from 1989 to 1993.
Public transportation.
The Washington Bridge carries the bus routes operated by New York City Bus.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="2847600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847600" title="Yearbook of American and Canadian Churches">
Yearbook of American and Canadian Churches

First published as the Federal Council Year Book in 1916, The Yearbook of American & Canadian Churches is a comprehensive descriptive and statistical listing of major religious bodies and other important religion-related organizations in the U.S. and Canada. The Yearbook contains descriptive information about the major religious bodies in the U.S.A. and Canada, including features of their ecclesiology, history and theological principles, membership and financial statistics, official periodicals published by each religious group, as well as listings of each group's current officers.
The "Yearbook's" data serves as an authoritative source for the United States Census Bureau's ranking of largest religious groups, and for the "Encyclopaedia Britannica's" listing of largest churches in the U.S.A. A historic archive compact disc was produced in 2000 which compiles previous editions' statistics for comparative and longitudinal analysis.
Other sections of the "Yearbook" list the most important church-related and para-church agencies and organizations with descriptions and contact information. Chapters also list Cooperative Organizations (e.g. American Bible Society, National Association of Evangelicals, National Council of Churches USA, etc.), Sources of Religion Related Research (The Association of Religion Data Archives, Center for the Study of Religion and American Culture, the Pluralism Project, etc.), State, Regional and Local Ecumenical Bodies (New York State Council of Churches, etc.), Religious-related Periodicals, and Church Archives and Depositories. The Yearbook does not list individual congregations, nor smaller or local church organizations. An inter-religious calendar provides significant religious observations for several years.
The "Yearbook," published by the National Council of Churches USA, is currently compiled by its 16th editor, the Rev. Dr. Eileen W. Lindner, a historian of American religious traditions, Presbyterian minister and former staff member of the National Council of Churches USA. Dr. Lindner writes a yearly analysis of church statistical data charting much-watched trends in growth and decline, and the theme chapter which describes a significant feature of the contemporary religious landscape. Recent theme chapters include, "Megachurches: How do they Count?"(see this theme chapter) (2003), "Equipping Leaders: Theological Education" (2004), "Whither Global Mission?" (2005), "the Emergent Church and Blogging" (2006). The Yearbook's 75th edition, released in March 2007, highlighted the growth of Pentecostal churches on the 100th anniversary of the Azusa Street revival in Los Angeles. The 2008 edition highlighted results from a nationwide survey of congregations' engagement in health-related ministry, titled, "When Did We See Thee Sick? Congregations Respond".

</doc>
<doc id="2847612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847612" title="Research Center for Advanced Manufacturing">
Research Center for Advanced Manufacturing

Mission.
Also known as the RCAM, the mission of the center is to promote and apply university led advanced manufacturing research and development work. In order to respond to the industry's needs and to provide the conditions to educate undergraduate and graduate students in the area of manufacturing
History.
The Department of Mechanical Engineering along with SMU School of Engineering at Southern Methodist University established the Research Center for Advanced Manufacturing (RCAM) in September 1999. Activity within RCAM (Center) lies at the interface between science, engineering, and industrial practice. The Center provides the intellectual foundation for industry to collaborate with faculty and students to resolve generic, long-range challenges, thereby producing the knowledge base for steady advances in technology and their speedy transition to the marketplace.
Center Laboratories.
The Center is equipped with the most advanced equipment and instrumentation, and is supported by a well equipped machine shop and computing facilities. The Center is housed in the J. Lindsay Embrey Building at Southern Methodist University's main Dallas campus. The Center consists of the following laboratories: 
Expertise.
The research team has a wide range of technical expertise including the following areas:
The Southern Methodist University, RCAM has recently filed invention disclosures (1 and 2 in the list below) for sensing technologies for variable polarity plasma arc welding (VPPAW) and friction stir welding (FSW) respectively. These sensing technologies would markedly improve the quality control and performance of these processes used by aerospace industries and others. While these new systems have been proven by RCAM to be effective sensing techniques, the laboratory devices currently used are in the prototype stage. Further hardware development and refinement of the analysis and control software will be required to create market-ready systems.

</doc>
<doc id="2847614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847614" title="France at the 1900 Summer Olympics">
France at the 1900 Summer Olympics

France was the host of the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris. France was one of many nations that had competed in the 1896 Summer Olympics in Greece and had returned to compete at the 1900 Games.
Gold medals were not given out and silver medals were given to the winners while bronze medals were given to second place.
Results by event.
Archery.
France took three of six gold medals, five of seven silver medals, and four of five bronze medals in the six archery events that were Olympic. Belgium and the Netherlands were the only others nation that competed, taking the remaining six medals. Many of the French, Belgian, and Dutch competitors are unknown as their names were not recorded. 13 French archers are known by at least their surname, 116 are unidentified in any way. The 129 archers had 239 entries across all 6 archery events.
Athletics.
French athletes did not win any gold medals in athletics, but took six medals in the sport to take 7th place in the leaderboard for athletics. 22 athletes competed in 18 events, with a total of 28 entries. 
Michel Théato's win in the marathon is credited to France by the International Olympic Committee; Théato was Luxembourgish.
Cricket.
France was represented by the French Athletic Club Union in cricket in 1900. The team lost the only match, a 2-day 12-man contest, by 158 runs.
Croquet.
France and Belgium were the only two nations to compete in croquet. France sent 6 men and 3 women. The French players won all 7 medals in the three events. In the singles one ball, a Belgian man competed but did not finish; the other two events had no competitors from outside of France.
Cycling.
France competed a second time in cycling, once again dominating the field. Of the six medals awarded in the event, French cyclists missed only one of the bronze medals. 59 French cyclists competed.
Fencing.
France dominated the fencing competitions at the second modern Olympics, taking five of the seven gold medals and 15 of the 21 overall medals.
Football.
Club Française represented France in the football competition. The club squad lost to Upton Park F.C. but defeated the Université de Bruxelles team to take second place in the three-team competition.
Golf.
France was one of four nations to compete in the first Olympic golf events.
Gymnastics.
France's first Olympic gymnastics medals came in the second edition of the competitions. France took all three medals in the single combined event. 108 of the 135 entrants in the event were French.
Basque pelota.
France sent one of two teams that competed in the pelota tournament. The two-man team lost to Spain's team, taking the silver medal.
Polo.
France was one of four nations to compete in the first Olympic polo event. Frenchmen played on two of the five teams, one of which also included British players. The mixed French/British combination was one of the third-place teams.
Rugby.
France was one of three teams to compete in the first Olympic rugby games. France won both of its games, taking top prize in the tournament. 
Sailing.
France matched Great Britain in gold medals won in the inaugural sailing events in 1900, but took 16 of the 20 silver and bronze medals (8 each). 76 French sailors took part.
Shooting.
France competed again in shooting at the second modern Olympic Games. France won the most medals in the sport that year with 10, but took only three gold medals to Switzerland's five.
Tug of war.
France sent a team to compete in the tug of war competition in 1900, losing to a combined Denmark-Sweden team.

</doc>
<doc id="2847619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847619" title="Jaheim">
Jaheim

Jaheim Hoagland (born May 26, 1978) is an American R&B singer and former rapper, better known by his stage name of Jaheim. He was signed by Naughty by Nature's Kaygee to Divine Mill Records in 2000, and released his debut album "Ghetto Love" in 2001. His second effort, "Still Ghetto" (2002), contains the hit "Put That Woman First" (2003), both of which achieved platinum success. Jaheim's third album, "Ghetto Classics", was released on February 14, 2006, debuting at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, and selling over 153,000 copies in its first week.
Early life.
Jaheim grew up in New Brunswick, New Jersey, in the Roberson Village housing Authority. His father died in 1981, when he was only three years old. His grandfather sang with many top groups, including The Drifters, and their family reunions were big songfests. Singing at family reunions and local talent shows preceded a successful tryout at the Apollo Theater's talent show. He won the contest three times when he was fifteen.
Music career.
Two years later, he experienced more tragedy when his mother died. Four years after her death, he recorded a tape that led to a deal with Divine Mill Records (a division of Warner Bros. Records). Hoagland received good reactions from two singles "Could It Be" and "Lil' Nigga Ain't Mine" on BET video shows. Appearing with Hoagland on his first album was RL (from Next), Blackstreet, and Darren and Cliff Lighty. His second album, "Still Ghetto", was released on November 5, 2002. Another Top Ten hit, it placed two singles in the Top 40, "Fabulous" and "Anything" (released November 13, 2001). "Ghetto Classics" followed in early 2006 and became his first number one album. "The Makings of a Man" was released in December 2007. In late 2009 the single "Ain't Leavin Without You" preceded his 2010 album "Another Round". In 2013 Jaheim return to the music industry with a new single titled, "Age Ain't a Factor" and new album. His sixth album "Appreciation Day" was released in September 3, 2013.
Personal life.
Jaheim is a resident of Hillsborough Township, New Jersey. Jaheim is the Grandson of the late 1960s soul singer Hoagy Lands and cousin to Denzel Jackson of Norfolk Virginia and of Alpine Motor Sports. He visited St. Johns University in 2010, due to record success he chose to put college off to promote his debut album Another Round.

</doc>
<doc id="2847631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847631" title="Classé">
Classé

Classé is a Canadian manufacturer of high-end audio equipment, such as amplifiers, pre-amplifiers and "source components" (such as Compact Disc Players).
History.
Classé produced its first power amplifier in 1980. In 2001, Classé became part of the Bowers & Wilkins Group.

</doc>
<doc id="2847641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847641" title="James Franklin (naturalist)">
James Franklin (naturalist)

James Franklin (c. 1783 – 31 August 1834) was a British soldier. He was the brother of Sir John Franklin.
James Franklin entered the service of the British East India Company as a cadet in 1805. He served with distinction on various Indian surveys and was elected a member of the Royal Society. He was in the 1st Bengal Cavalry and was an authority on geology. He undertook surveys of the Central Provinces (Vindhya Hills) and collected birds for the Asiatic Society. He collected about 40 species before reaching Benares, and on reaching Saugor he had collected 160 more specimens and made paintings of these. The specimens went later to the Zoological Society of London but his paintings were stipulated to be returned to the Asiatic Society in Calcutta.

</doc>
<doc id="2847650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847650" title="Mike Smith (football manager)">
Mike Smith (football manager)

Michael John "Mike" Smith (born 1937) is a former football manager, who managed the Wales and Egypt national teams and Hull City. Before becoming a manager, he had a playing career as an amateur, playing for the Corinthian Casuals. 
Early career.
Smith was born in Hendon, the son of a professional footballer. As a youth, he represented Middlesex at Under-15 and Under-18 levels and was a member of the FA Youth team which played a tournament in Strasbourg in 1953.
He trained at Loughborough College of Education before becoming a teacher. He decided to remain in teaching rather than becoming a professional footballer but played as an amateur for the Corinthian Casuals.
Coaching and management career.
Smith spent nine years coaching in Sussex before becoming team manager and coach to the Conference of English Grammar Schools. He was then appointed the Football Association of Wales Director of Coaching with responsibility for managing the Welsh amateur and youth international teams.
In 1974, Smith succeeded Dave Bowen to become the first English-born manager and first full-time manager of the Wales national football team, and guided Wales to the quarter-finals of the 1976 European Football Championship. He was replaced by Mike England in 1979.
In December 1979, he was appointed manager of Hull City but was sacked, along with coach Cyril Lea in March 1982.
Following a spell in sports promotion in Nottingham, Smith became the manager of Egypt in 1985. He led the team to victory in the 1986 African Cup of Nations; the only British manager to have won the competition as a coach.
He left the Egyptian side in 1988, following which he was appointed Football development consultant to Anglesey County Council, overseeing their school of excellence in Holyhead. He also took charge of the Wales Youth team in 1989–90 before returning to the Wales national team role for 18 months from April 1994 to September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="2847655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847655" title="Christine Kaufmann">
Christine Kaufmann

Christine Maria Kaufmann (born 11 January 1945 in Lengdorf, Styria, Austria) is a German actress. The daughter of a German father and a French mother, she won the Golden Globe Award for New Star Of The Year - Actress in 1961, the first German to be so honoured.
Kaufmann became a ballerina at the Munich Opera. She started her film career at the age of seven in the 1952 adaptation of "The White Horse Inn". The film which brought her fame was "Rosen-Resli", released in 1954, when she was only nine. She gained international recognition when she starred with Steve Reeves in "The Last Days of Pompeii" (1959) and with Kirk Douglas in "Town Without Pity" (1961). The following year she appeared in "Escape from East Berlin".
In 1963, Kaufmann married Tony Curtis, whom she had met during the filming of "Taras Bulba" (1962). They had two daughters, Alexandra (born 19 July 1964) and Allegra (born 11 July 1966). They divorced in 1968. Kaufmann resumed her career, which she had interrupted during her marriage.
Kaufmann is also a successful businesswoman, promoting her own cosmetics products line that sells well in Germany. She has written several books about beauty and health, as well as two autobiographies. She speaks three languages: German, English, and French.

</doc>
<doc id="2847660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847660" title="Ulysses S. Grant III">
Ulysses S. Grant III

Ulysses Simpson Grant III (July 4, 1881August 29, 1968) was a United States Army officer and planner. He was the son of Frederick Dent Grant, and the grandson of General of the Army and U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant.
Early life and education.
Grant was born in Chicago and educated in Austria, where his father was an American diplomat. He attended Columbia University until 1898 when he received an appointment to West Point. He graduated sixth in his class in 1903 (Douglas MacArthur graduated first in that class).
Career.
After his graduation from West Point Grant was assigned to the Corps of Engineers of the United States Army and graduated from the U.S. Engineer School in 1908. He also served in the General Staff Corps from 1917 to 1920 and again from 1936 to 1940.
Grant served on Mindanao in the Philippines (1903–04); the Cuban Pacification (1906); the Mexican Border Service (1913–17), including the Veracruz Expedition (1914), and the Pancho Villa Expedition (1916); as well as in World War I and World War II.
In 1904 Grant served as an aide to President Theodore Roosevelt. Grant met his future wife while he was at the White House.
In 1907, Grant married Edith Root (1878–1962), the daughter of Elihu Root, the former Secretary of War and Secretary of State. They had three daughters: Edith, Clara Frances, and Julia.
During World War I, Grant was promoted to major. From 1918-19, Major Grant served on the staff of General Tasker H. Bliss, the United States representative at the Supreme War Council at Versailles. Grant was the secretary of the American section. In 1918, he assisted in the treaty negotiations with Germany regarding the treatment of prisoners of war. In 1919, Grant served on President Woodrow Wilson's commission to negotiate peace in Paris.
Post-World War I.
After the war, Grant returned to the United States and was the District Engineer of the 2nd Engineer District in San Francisco. While in California, Grant also served on the California Debris Commission. On August 28, 1923, Grant made his first visit to the Sierra Nevada. The superintendent of General Grant National Park (now Kings Canyon National Park) invited Grant to see the park named after Grant's grandfather. Grant visited the General Grant Grove and the General Grant tree, a Giant Sequoia.
By 1923, Grant went to Washington, D.C. and was the executive officer of the Arlington Memorial Bridge Commission and a member of the National Capital Park and Planning Commission. In 1925, he was director of the newly created Office of Public Buildings and Public Parks of the National Capital (1925–1933). By 1927 he was promoted to lieutenant colonel, and was appointed as a co-director of the bicentennial celebration of the birth of George Washington. As the director of the parks in Washington, Grant also supervised the United States Park Police. Grant expanded the police, instituted plain-clothes patrols, and modernized the force with the addition of motorcycles and automobiles. Later, in 1928, Grant ordered the police to crack down on late-night "petters" in the parks.
In 1934, he graduated from the Army War College. He commanded the 1st Engineer Regiment at Fort DuPont, Delaware and the Delaware Civilian Conservation Corps District from 1934 to 1936. He was a full colonel by this time.
In 1936, Grant was the chief of staff of the Second Corps Area at Fort Jay, Governors Island, New York, an Army post that his grandfather had stayed prior to his posting to California in 1854 and that his father commanded a department and division commander until his death in 1912. While in New York, Grant, his wife, and her siblings and their spouses were at present at the bedside of his father-in-law, Elihu Root when he died in 1937.
In 1940, Grant was Division Engineer for the Great Lakes Engineer Division, headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. He was promoted to brigadier general.
From 1941 to mid 1942, he commanded the Engineer Replacement Training Center at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. In July 1942, Grant was made Chief of the Protection Branch of the Office of Civilian Defense in Washington, DC; he was in charge of the United States' civil defense and often traveled across the country in this capacity.
In 1943, Grant was promoted to major general.
Later life and death.
Upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 64 in 1945, Grant was retired from the U.S. Army but was retained on active duty until 15 July 1946.
Grant again served on the National Capital Park and Planning Commission. He was vice president of The George Washington University from 1946 to 1951. In addition, he also served as president of the American Planning and Civic Association from 1947 to 1949. He was also on the National Council of Historic Sites and a trustee of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. Grant's testimony as a Corps of Engineers veteran before Congress in opposition to the Echo Park Dam in Dinosaur National Monument was a key element in the cancellation of the project, and in protection of national park lands against water development projects.
From 1952 to 1968, Grant served as president of the Board of Trustees of the Columbia Historical Society (now the Historical Society of Washington, D.C.). From 1957 to 1961, he was chairman of the Civil War Centennial Commission. He resigned from the Centennial Commission due to the illness of his wife and because of controversies that developed in planning commemorative events for the centennial of the American Civil War.
The centennial celebration began at Grant's Tomb with a twenty-one gun salute and was attended by cadets from West Point. A major controversy developed when ceremonies were to be held at Fort Sumter in South Carolina. A black woman member of the Centennial Commission was denied a room at a Charleston, South Carolina hotel. The NAACP protested this vigorously and called for protests and boycotts of any centennial celebrations. It accused the Centennial Commission of being pro-South and not forcing the hotel to allow blacks in, especially on official business. General Grant made the statement that the Centennial Commission was not responsible for state laws.
Grant belonged to the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States (MOLLUS), the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War (SUVCW) and the Aztec Club of 1847. He served as the Aztec Club's president for three non-consecutive terms from 1951–52, 1953–54 and 1955-56. He served as commander-in-chief of MOLLUS from 1957 to 1961. He also served as commander-in-chief of the SUVCW from 1953 to 1955 and as national counselor of the SUVCW from 1961 until his death in 1968.
In 1961, Grant received an honorary LL.D. degree from Hamilton College.
After the death of his wife, General Grant remained at his home on the outskirts of Clinton, New York near Hamilton College.
Grant died August 29, 1968 in Clinton, New York and is buried at the Hamilton College Cemetery near his father-in-law.
His cousin was Ulysses S. Grant IV, the son of Ulysses S. Grant, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="2847669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847669" title="Frank Mills">
Frank Mills

Frank Mills (born June 27, 1942 in Montreal, Quebec), is a Canadian pianist and recording artist, best known for his solo instrumental hit "Music Box Dancer".
Mills grew up in Verdun, Quebec and started playing piano at the age of three. He attended McGill University for five years. He began with Engineering, switched to a B.Sc. programme, then Arts and finally studied in the Department of Music. He entertained his fraternity brothers (Delta Upsilon) with songs from ragtime to a new artist Bob Dylan. The fraternity piano had thumbtacks on every hammer and produced a unique sound. In the late 1960s Mills became a member of The Bells. He left the band in 1971 just before it had international success with the single "Stay Awhile."
Mills worked as a pianist for CBC-TV and recorded his first solo album, "Seven Of My Songs", which produced the hit single "Love Me, Love Me Love". The song made its debut on the Canadian charts in October 1971 and early the following year peaked at number 46 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 8 on "Billboard"′s Easy Listening chart His follow-up single, a cover of Ricky Nelson's "Poor Little Fool" made Top 25 in Canada but stalled at number 106 in the U.S.
Mills released an album in 1974 that featured "Music Box Dancer", but it was not a hit initially. When he re-signed with Polydor Records Canada in 1978, the label released a new song as a single, with "Music Box Dancer" on the B-side. The single was sent to easy-listening stations in Canada, but a copy was sent in error to CFRA-AM, a pop station in Ottawa. The program director played the A-side and could not figure out why it had been sent to his station, so he played the B-side to see if the record was mistakenly marked. He liked "Music Box Dancer" and added it to his station's playlist, turning the record into a Canadian hit. Iconic Ottawa Valley radio personality Dave "50,000" Watts gave the record extensive airplay on the station. The album went gold in Canada, which prompted Polydor in the US to release the album and single.
In Nashville, news producer Bob Parker at WNGE-TV began playing the song over the closing credits of the newscast. Nashville DJs quickly latched on and both the single and album were hits. The million-selling Gold-certified single reached number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the spring of 1979 as well as number 4 on the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart, while the album reached number 21 on the "Billboard" Top Album chart and also went gold. Polydor awarded a gold record to TV station WNGE for breaking the single in the U.S.
It was Mills' only U.S. Top 40 pop hit; the follow-up, another piano instrumental titled "Peter Piper", peaked at number 48 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 although it was a popular Top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart. Mills managed one final Adult Contemporary chart entry, "Happy Song", which peaked at number 41 at the beginning of 1981.
Mills won two Juno Awards in 1980 for "Peter Piper", one for Composer of the Year and one for Instrumental Artist of the Year. He again won in the latter category in 1981.
He continued to release albums until the early 1990s, and in 2010 did a Christmas tour with Canadian singer Rita MacNeil. Mills and MacNeil toured again in November–December 2012.
Film and television appearances.
"Music Box Dancer" was for a while, the theme song of the local Los Angeles CBS half hour TV documentary show "2 on the Town" back in 1979 through the early 1980s.
"Music Box Dancer" has been heard on an episode of "The Simpsons" and in the "Kill Bill" movies. It was used as the theme tune to the BBC2 golf programme, "A Round with Alliss", and also as a popular track on the BBC1 trade test (testcard) transmissions.Other Frank Mills tracks including 'Sidewalk cafe' were used on BBC1 and BBC2 in the 1970s and 1980s during testcard, ceefax and intervals between programmes.
There is a song in the musical "Hair" called "Frank Mills", although the number has nothing to do with this artist.

</doc>
<doc id="2847673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847673" title="KTCL">
KTCL

KTCL (93.3 FM) – branded Channel 93.3 – is a commercial alternative rock radio station, licensed to Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Owned by Clear Channel Media and Entertainment, KTCL serves the Denver metro area. The KTCL studios are located in Denver, while the station transmitter resides in Golden. Besides a standard analog transmission, KTCL broadcasts over two HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio.
History.
The station signed on in September 1965 as KIIX-FM licensed to Fort Collins, Colorado. It simulcasted the Top 40 format of KIIX-AM 600 (now on 1410, the old 600 frequency is now KCOL). In the 1970s, the station became KFMF and adopted a rock music format. It changed its calls to KTCL in 1978 and evolving to the modern rock format in the early 1980s. In 2007, it changed its city of license to Wheat Ridge to provide clearer coverage over the Denver area. It can still be received in Fort Collins.
KTCL helped break local bands The Fray, Meese, 3OH!3, Single File, Tickle Me Pink, and Flobots onto the national scene.
KTCL has become a source of pride for listeners of modern rock in Colorado, largely due to its commitment to the promotion of local modern rock bands. This promotion of local bands was the primary catalyst for success for the aforementioned bands. In fact, the unexpected and immense success enjoyed by The Fray as a result of their promotion by KTCL has caused many Colorado modern rock listeners to refer to The Fray as "93.3's baby."

</doc>
<doc id="2847676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847676" title="Mbulelo Mabizela">
Mbulelo Mabizela

Mbulelo Mabizela (born 16 September 1980 in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African footballer who plays as a midfielder and defender for Mpumalanga Black Aces.
Nicknamed "Old John" as a young player for showing maturity beyond his years, he holds the record as the youngest player to captain the South African national team at the age of twenty. Whilst he has all the ability required to be an outstanding player with good pace, strength, composure on the ball with both feet and the timing of tackles, Mabizela has had a career littered with troubles.
Mabizela was released by Tottenham Hotspur after only fourteen months with the club for disciplinary problems in 2004, this followed him having been stripped of the Bafana Bafana captaincy for going AWOL a few months earlier. Other troubles have included a six-month ban for the use of a banned substance in 2006 and in December 2008 a charge of driving under the influence of alcohol.
Club career.
Mabizela began his senior club career with Orlando Pirates joining from Maritzburg City.
In August 2003 he joined Tottenham Hotspur after inspiring Pirates to a 2–1 win over Tottenham when the London club made a short tour of South Africa before the start of the 2003–2004 season.
In October 2003 he scored his only goal for the club (although it was an absolute belter) in the league match against Leicester City.
In October 2004, He had his contract cancelled by Tottenham Hotspur and was released by mutual agreement following several disciplinary infractions, including missing training sessions. He made only nine appearances in total for the club, scoring an absolute wonder goal.
After a short trial with another London club Fulham he joined Vålerenga in Norway.
Mabizela spent a season at the Norwegian club but rarely featured in their championship winning season and was released in June 2006.
In August 2006 he signed for the South African team Mamelodi Sundowns.
In December 2006, he received a six-month ban from the game for drug offences [http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/football/africa/6182297.stm].
Following a number of disciplinary problems at Mamelodi Sundowns which resulted in him being made available for transfer, Mabizela found a new home in early 2009 when he signed a three-year contract with Platinum Stars.
In June 2009 he was acquitted in the Pietermaritzburg magistrate court on a charge of driving under the influence of alcohol. At the time of his arrest, Mabizela was allegedly driving with a breath-alcohol level of 1,09 mg per 1 000 ml. The legal limit is 0,24 mg per 1 000 ml breath. Magistrate Dieter Schultz said Mabizela's constitutional rights were not properly explained to him at his arrest and he was thus entitled to an acquittal.
In July 2009, Platinum Stars made an about-turn on their decision to terminate the contract of Mabizela. It was reported that the club had finally run out of patience with 'OJ', with his agent confirming they had received a letter confirming the termination of his deal with the team. However, after a lengthy meeting with head coach Steve Komphela, Mabizela was back with the team and was allowed to continue playing for the club.
On 7 June 2010 Mabizela was voted the Platinum Stars man of the match in the Stars 3–0 defeat to the England international team in their final warm-up game before the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. Before the match he gave an interview in which he said he was looking forward to meeting Ledley King and Jermain Defoe again, two England players he played alongside at Tottenham Hotspur. Also he talked about how he is steadily overcoming his personal problems, "I had a good start at Spurs but it was too short and that's something I'll always look back on with regret", said Mabizela. "I've made a lot of mistakes in my personal life, things I'd rather not elaborate upon, and that was the reason I had to leave Spurs". "When I came back to South Africa I went for help, I got help and I'm still being helped. I wouldn't say I'm okay but I feel I'm going forward now. Platinum Stars have really helped me and at the moment I feel that I've really moved on. I am ready to move on with my career, even possibly back to Europe and I'd like to play for the Bafana Bafana international team again".
In May 2011 Platinum Stars announced a major clear-out of a number of players including Mbulelo Mabizela, who then became a free agent. After being linked with a number of clubs including Orlando Pirates and Golden Arrows, On 11 August 2011 Mabizela signed for Bidvest Wits on a free transfer and was given the squad number 3.
In May 2012, Bidvest Wits held their end of season awards evening and Mabizela was named the club's Player of the Year at the function which was held at the Southern Sun in Monte Casino. It was reported that Mabizela had been an influential and outstanding figure at the club since joining at the beginning of that season.
In season 2012–2013, Mabizela became very much unsettled at the Clever Boys (Bidvest Wits) during the first half of the season and requested to be released from his contract after the club made the following statement to the press in December 2012. "We have advised Mbulelo Mabizela and his agent that he is not part of our plans for the remaining duration of his contract with us and that we will consider offers from other clubs for his services during the forthcoming January transfer window period."
On 20 January 2013 he joined Chippa United on an 18-month contract until June 2014 and was reported to say he hoped to help save the Cape Town teams young side from relegation by the end of the season. He was released at the end of the 2012–13 season after the team was relegated.
In October 2013 he began training with Mpumalanga Black Aces. Despite rumours linking him to former club Orlando Pirates, Mabizela signed a deal with Black Aces till the end of the 2013–14 season.
In June 2014 The Black Aces spokesman Gordon Masondo confirmed that Mbulelo Mabizela's contract had been renewed for the following season.
International career.
As of 2008 he has played 45 international matches and scored 2 goals for the South Africa national team. At the age of 20 he became the youngest national team captain ever.
"Call for International Return:-"
A call for his return to international football was made in early December 2009, Platinum Stars coach Cesc Lukuko says he is happy with the progress made by Mabizela and reiterated his call for his inclusion in the Bafana Bafana set-up. "Mabizela has done well at Stars since joining them and seemed to be keeping away from the bad press of late", Komphela was reported as saying, He continued "Yes I do feel Mabizela should be back in the national team now, He has been doing well and we all know his capabilities". A number of past and present Bafana international players backed the call for OJ's return in late January 2010 but the Bafana coach Carlos Alberto Parreira was unmoved by any call for a return. 
When South Africa's provisional 30-man World Cup squad was named on 12 May 2010, Mabizela was not in the squad therefore ending any hope of a deserved return to the Bafana Bafana camp.

</doc>
<doc id="2847679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847679" title="Our Lips Are Sealed">
Our Lips Are Sealed

"Our Lips Are Sealed" is a song written by The Go-Go's guitarist Jane Wiedlin and The Specials and Fun Boy Three singer Terry Hall. It was first recorded by The Go-Go's as the opening track on their 1981 album "Beauty and the Beat" (see 1981 in music) and served as their debut American single in June 1981. The single eventually reached top 5 in Australia and Canada, and top 20 in the US. Although originally written and performed with three verses, it is an abbreviated version of the song that appears on "Beauty and the Beat". 
In 1983, Hall's band, Fun Boy Three, released their version of "Our Lips Are Sealed". Issued as a single, the track became top ten hit in the UK, and remains the best known version of "Lips" in that country --the Go-Go's version, while a hit elsewhere, only made #47 UK.
In 2000, "Rolling Stone" named "Our Lips Are Sealed" one of the 100 Greatest Pop Songs of all time. 
Origins.
The Go-Go's were supporting The Specials on the latter's 1980 US tour. According to Wiedlin she and Hall had an affair despite him having a girlfriend back in England and this led to their co-writing the song. The Go-Go's version is significantly more upbeat than the Fun Boy Three one, which Wiedlin describes as "gloomier" (see http://www.songfacts.com/blog/interviews/jane_wiedlin_from_the_go-go_s/)
Music video.
The video accompanying the Go-Go's recording was an early favorite of the fledgling MTV channel, and helped establish the group's energetic persona. It features sequences of the band members in carefree tableaux (riding around in a convertible, stopping at a lingerie shop and splashing around in a city fountain) interspersed with footage of the band playing a club booking.
Jane Wiedlin says the band was initially unenthusiastic about doing the video when Miles Copeland, president of their label, I.R.S. Records, told them they would be doing it. "We were totally bratty," she recalls. It was funded out of unused funds in The Police's video budget.
The concept was for the band to drive around and be followed by a camera. Belinda Carlisle would sing, and the other members would do cute things. They wanted an older-style convertible and found a 1960 Buick at Rent-A-Wreck. It was, says Wiedlin, the band's idea to end the video by jumping into the Electric Fountain on the corner of Wilshire and Santa Monica Blvds, Beverly Hills. "I thought, at any minute the cops are gonna come. This is gonna be so cool."
She still looks back on it fondly. "I have horrible '80s poodle hair in ", she recalled in a 2011 history of MTV. "But there's a simplicity and innocence to the video that appeals to me." In a sequence of scenes, Belinda Carlisle can be seen trying to hide; she later admitted this was deliberate, as she thought the whole idea of music video was ridiculous and unlikely to catch on.
Chart performance.
The original version peaked at number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, and 15 on the "Billboard" Top Rock Tracks chart. On the dance chart, the song peaked at number 10. A song of unusual longevity as a hit, it remained on the "Billboard" charts for much of 1982 as well, long after its peak.
Fun Boy Three version.
The following year, co-writer Terry Hall re-recorded the song with his own band, Fun Boy Three. It was included on their second album "Waiting" and reached number seven on the UK Singles Chart. June Miles-Kingston was the drummer on this version and made the backing vocals.
Hilary and Haylie Duff version.
Sisters Hilary and Haylie Duff covered the song for to the 2004 film "A Cinderella Story", in which Hilary starred.
The cover, recorded as a duet with Duff's sister Haylie and produced by John Shanks, was released as a single in the United States in June 2004. The Duff sisters said in an interview that they had wanted to record together, and Hilary chose "Our Lips Are Sealed" because the "secretive" theme of the song relates to the film "A Cinderella Story".
Music video.
The single's music video was directed by Chris Applebaum and filmed in Toronto, Canada in May 2004. Similar to the video for the Go-Go's single, it depicts the Duff sisters driving around town in a car and goofing about, and is interspersed with footage from "A Cinderella Story". A second version of the video, that has new scenes and is not interspersed with scenes from "A Cinderella Story", can be viewed on the "Dignity" deluxe edition DVD.
It was released in June 2004 and received medium airplay on MuchMusic in Canada and MTV in the U.S. Though the video was popular on the MTV video chart show "Total Request Live", the single itself was less successful than the original Go-Go's song in the U.S., failing to chart on the Hot 100. In Australia it reached number eight. The song was later included on Duff's compilation album, "Most Wanted" (2005).
This version was also included in the Japanese and Australian editions of Hilary Duff's second compilation album "Best of Hilary Duff".

</doc>
<doc id="2847689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847689" title="Daughters of the Cross">
Daughters of the Cross

The Daughters of the Cross of Liège () are Religious Sisters in the Catholic Church who are members of a religious congregation founded in 1833 by the Blessed Marie Thérèse Haze, F.C. (1782 - 1876). Their original mission is focused on caring for the needs of their society through education and nursing care.
History.
Origins.
The foundress, born Jeanne Haze in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège, was forced with family into exile in Germany when the principality was occupied by the forces of the French Revolutionary Army. Her father died during that period, leaving the family in poverty.
After their return to Liège, because of their own experiences, Haze and her sister Ferdinande felt drawn to help those in most need. When their mother died in 1820, the sisters wanted to enter a religious community, but were not able to do so due to the restrictions of Church law at the time. In answer to a request by their pastor, Canon Cloes, the Dean of St Bartholomew Collegiate Church, they opened a school for poor children in the parish in 1829 in the home of the curate of the parish, Canon Jean-Guillaume Habets. The creation of an independent Kingdom of Belgium the following year allowed them to establish the school officially as a Catholic institution.
Soon other young women joined the pair in their desire to follow the consecrated life. Habets, originally skeptical of their desire, came to support them. He helped the group to write their Constitutions.
On 8 September 1833, the Haze sisters professed perpetual religious vows, receiving the names Mother Marie Thérèse and Mother Aloysia in the Carmelite Church of Potay, next to their own convent. Two other companions, Sisters Clara and Constance, made their temporary vows for one year and two postulants began their novitiate. Thus the Congregation of the Daughters of the Cross was established under a Rule of life based on Ignatian spirituality.
The Daughters of the Cross took over the administration of a women's prison in 1841 and a house for the rehabilitation of prostitutes the following year. In 1843 they opened a shelter for the homeless, which housed 125 residents. 
The congregation was formally approved by Pope Gregory XVI on 1 October 1845, thereby raised to the status of a congregation of pontifical right. By that time they had grown to 84 Sisters who operated 4 schools, with a total enrollment of about 1,000 girls, 80% of whom were being given a free education. Their Constitutions were approved by Pope Pius IX in 1851.
Expansion.
The Sisters began to serve in other countries with their establishing a foundation in Germany in 1849. At the invitation of the Vicar Apostolic of Bombay, they opened schools in the British Raj in 1861. This led to their working in the United Kingdom in 1863.
United Kingdom.
Haze sent her Sisters to England in 1863. In the United Kingdom, the Daughters of the Cross are constituted as a registered charity. In 2006–7 it had a gross income of £56,197,000, making it one of the 100 largest charities in the United Kingdom.
Current status.
The congregation opened institutions in the Belgian Congo (1910), in Ireland (1920), in the Netherlands (1924), in Italy (1929) and in Brazil (1953). In 1975 the Sisters numbered about 1,500 members, serving in 113 institutions worldwide. By 2009 the membership had been reduced to 833 Sisters, a quarter of whom were Indian.
The General Motherhouse of the congregation was moved from Liège to England in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="2847693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847693" title="Ulysses S. Grant IV">
Ulysses S. Grant IV

Ulysses S. Grant IV (May 23, 1893 – March 11, 1977), was the son of Ulysses S. Grant, Jr. and the grandson of General of the Army and President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant. He was an American geologist and paleontologist known for his work on the fossil mollusks of the California Pacific Coast. He was born at his father's farm, Merryweather Farm, in Salem Center, Westchester County, New York. Shortly after his birth, the family moved to San Diego, California. 
Grant studied geology at Harvard University, graduating cum laude in 1915. Following graduation he mined for gold in Mexico. During World War I, Grant enlisted in the United States Army as a private. By the end of the war, he was a second lieutenant. From 1919 to 1925 he was connected with the New York Stock Exchange. In 1926, he returned to school and took graduate courses at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1927 he entered the graduate program in paleontology at Stanford University. Grant received his doctorate in 1929. 
After he received his doctorate, Grant worked at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County as the curator of invertebrate paleontology. Grant then taught paleontology at the University of California, Los Angeles beginning in 1931. He rose from instructor to chairman of the geology department, a post he held for eight years. He retired in 1959. Grant wrote several papers and often collaborated with Leo George Hertlein, his classmate at Stanford. 
His first wife was Matilda Bartikofsky. They later divorced. In 1950 he married Frances Dean. They had one child named George Grant.
In 1953, Grant IV appeared on Groucho Marx's "You Bet Your Life", where the consolation question was usually "Who is buried in Grant's tomb?". 
Grant died at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California from lung failure caused by leukemia. Grant is buried at Greenwood Cemetery in San Diego alongside his father.
His cousin was Ulysses S. Grant III, the son of Frederick Dent Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="2847694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847694" title="Club (soft drink)">
Club (soft drink)

Club is the brand name for a series of popular Irish carbonated soft drinks produced in Ireland by Britvic Ireland and previously by Cantrell & Cochrane (C&C) and bottled at their plant in Dublin.
The series includes Club Orange, Club Lemon, Club Rock Shandy (a mixture of the orange and lemon flavours), Club Apple soft drinks. 
In the case of Club Orange, the ingredients are carbonated water, sugar, orange juice, citric acid, the preservative (sodium benzoate), the colours beta carotene and apocarotenal, and vitamin C (ascorbic acid). Club Orange is distinctive for the fragments of fruit flesh (juice vesicles), referred to in marketing material as "bits", that remain in the glass after the drink has been consumed.
The previous advertising slogan of Club was "the bits inside make it come alive" although it was rarely seen on Club bottles and commercials. From 2009, the products slogan is "Some bits are crucial", making reference to its orange vesicles. Since 2011, the new slogan has been "The Best Bits in the World" which can be found on all Club products. It is so popular a drink with Irish people that it is one of the most sought-after products by Irish expatriates
History.
Club Orange was the first orange fruit juice to appear on the Irish market. It was launched in the late 1930s, but the formula has been refined since then to its present state. The name "Club" derives from the Kildare Street Club in Dublin, which commissioned C&C to make an orange-flavoured drink. In 1960, Club Lemon was introduced as a sister product, and in the 2000s several other flavours were added to the range.
In 2004 C&C relaunched Club Lemon, which now like its orange counterpart contained vesicles. Over the years many different drinks have appeared under the Club label, including Club Orange and Cranberry, Club Berry, Club Apple, among others.
In 2003 Club Energise was launched. Club Energise is an Isotonic drink, intended for sports recovery and rehydration. It was developed by leading sports Physiologist Dr. Liam Hennessy.
Production.
Ingredients are sourced from all over the world, and then carbonated to make it fizzy. All the ingredients are blended together in Dublin. Bottles are then checked and labeled before being shipped out all across Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="2847699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847699" title="ABB ALP-44">
ABB ALP-44

The ABB ALP-44 is an electric locomotive which was built by Asea Brown Boveri (Sweden) between 1989 and 1997 for the New Jersey Transit and SEPTA railway lines. As of 2014, only SEPTA still operates the ALP-44 in revenue service, as New Jersey Transit has retired its fleet.
Service.
New Jersey Transit.
The ALP-44 was originally ordered for New Jersey Transit's electric lines, with fifteen units, designated ALP-44O ("O" denotes Original) and numbered 4400 through 4414, delivered in 1990, with prototypes 4400 and 4401 in late 1989. A option order for five more units, designated ALP-44E ("E" denotes Extended) and numbered 4415 through 4419, were delivered in 1995. The final order for 12 ALP-44M units ("M" denotes Microprocessor) numbered 4420 through 4431 were delivered in 1996 and into early 1997 for the new Midtown Direct service.
As of late 2011, all NJ Transit ALP-44 O, E, and M locomotives have been retired. All units were retired with the delivery of the remaining ALP-46A locomotives, except 4405, 4407, and 4409, which were assigned to ACES; however, these remaining units were also placed into retirement with the cancellation of ACES service in early 2012. Units 4402, 4403, 4408,and 4410 were leased by Amtrak for work train service through the Hudson river tunnels for a period of time during summer 2011, but have since been returned.
During the winter and spring of 2012, the ALP-44's were prepared for storage in groups of five at a time. This work includes the removal of pantographs and having the cab windows covered with steel plating. These units were then moved to Port Morris Yard and Lackawanna Cut-Off stub track for storage, where there are now at least fifteen units stored, if not more.
SEPTA.
SEPTA received a single ALP-44M unit, #2308, from ABB, which was part of a damage settlement for a lawsuit stemming from the late delivery of N5 cars for the Norristown High Speed Line. ABB gave SEPTA an ALP-44M, instead of the EMD AEM-7, which make up the rest of SEPTA's electric locomotives, because EMD had discontinued the production of the AEM-7.
Specifications.
The ALP-44 based on the Rc6 model and designed specifically for New Jersey Transit as a variant of the EMD AEM-7 electric locomotive in use by Amtrak, MARC, and SEPTA. The ALP-44 is powered by overhead lines through one of the locomotive's two pantographs and can produce up to 7000 hp (5.2 MW) with a top speeds of up to 125 mph (201 km/h). In commercial use however, both New Jersey Transit and SEPTA ALP-44s are cleared for speeds up to 100 mph (161 km/h).
ALP-44M.
The ALP-44M is a variant of the original ALP-44 design. It included a microprocessor control for functions such as braking and the then new EPIC brake control stand. These locomotives were notorious for their faulty software, which frequently caused problems and kept them out of service for maintenance.
Overhaul.
NJT's ALP-44's were to be overhauled for a cost of $2 million during a two-year period by Philadelphia-based Interfleet Technology. A car builder had not yet been selected to carry out the overhaul. However, as of June 2009, NJT has decided that it would be more efficient (economically and physically) to replace the ALP-44's rather than overhaul them, and has exercised an option of 9 additional ALP-46A's to enable the replacement to take place.

</doc>
<doc id="2847703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847703" title="League Island">
League Island

League Island was an island in the Delaware River, part of the city of Philadelphia, just upstream from the mouth of the Schuylkill River, which was the site of the Philadelphia shipyard, which eventually became the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard, now known as The Navy Yard.
League Island no longer exists as an island, since the Back Channel, which separated it from the mainland, was closed at the eastern end to create land for Mustin Field, a military airfield which is no longer existent. The western end of the channel became the present Reserve Basin, which holds the ships of the U.S. Navy's reserve fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="2847719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847719" title="List of schools in Argentina">
List of schools in Argentina

The list of schools in Argentina records state and private schools in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="2847723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847723" title="Dante Spencer">
Dante Spencer

Dante Spencer, is an American model and actor.
Acting.
As an actor he has appeared in "Dating Games People Play" (2006) and "In a Different Key" (2008). He also landed roles on television series shows such as "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch" and "The Andy Dick Show".
Spencer caught media attention in the summer of 2005 when he dated American Idol judge Paula Abdul, whom he escorted to the Emmy awards.
Dante Spencer is graduated from UCSD where he minored in Biology with an emphasis in Nutrition. He was a nutritionist for many years and holds several health and fitness related certifications (NSCA CSCS, APEX, NASM). He's been featured on the cover of Men's Health magazine three times andreceived his Masters Degree in Spiritual Psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="2847726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847726" title="Yohji Yamamoto">
Yohji Yamamoto

Yōji Yamamoto (山本 耀司, "Yamamoto Yōji", born 1943) is an award winning and influential Japanese fashion designer based in Tokyo and Paris. He is considered to be a master tailor, alongside those such as Madeleine Vionnet and is known for his avant-garde tailoring featuring Japanese design aesthetics.
His more prestigious awards for his contributions to fashion include Commandeur of Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, Medal of Honor with Purple Ribbon, the Ordre national du Mérite, the Royal Designer for Industry and the Master of Design award by Fashion Group International.
Early life.
Born in Tokyo, Yamamoto graduated from Keio University with a degree in law in 1966. His further studies in fashion design at Bunka Fashion College led to a degree in 1969.
Designer.
Yamamoto debuted in Paris in 1981. In an interview with the "New York Times "in 1983, Yamamoto said of his designs, "'I think that my men's clothes look as good on women as my women's clothing […] When I started designing, I wanted to make men's clothes for women." More recently he has expounded: “When I started making clothes for my line Y’s in 1977, all I wanted was for women to wear men’s clothes. I jumped on the idea of designing coats for women. It meant something to me – the idea of a coat guarding and hiding a woman’s body. I wanted to protect the woman’s body from something – maybe from men’s eyes or a cold wind.”
His commercially successful main line, Yohji Yamamoto (women/men) and Y's, are especially popular in Tokyo. These two lines are also available at his flagship stores in New York, Paris, and Antwerp, and at high-end department stores worldwide. Other principal lines include Pour Homme, Costume d'Homme, and the diffusion line Coming Soon. Yohji Yamamoto Inc. reported in 2007 that the sales of Yamamoto's two main lines average above $100 million annually.
Yamamoto is known for an avant-garde spirit in his clothing, frequently creating designs far removed from current trends. His signature oversized silhouettes in black often feature drapery in varying textures.
Yamamoto's work has also become familiar to consumers through his collaborations with other fashion brands, including Adidas (Y-3), Hermès, Mikimoto and Mandarina Duck; and with artists of different genres, such as Tina Turner, Sir Elton John, Placebo, Takeshi Kitano, Pina Bausch and Heiner Müller.
Yohji Yamamoto was invited to curate the second issue of A MAGAZINE curated by in 2005, following Martin Margiela.
Poor decisions by finance managers pushed the brand into debts of more than 65 million US dollars in 2009, which angered Yamamoto and led to a company restructuring from 2009 to 2010. The private equity firm Integral Corp was identified as the Japanese company who will restructure the Yohji Yamamoto Inc and by November 2010 the company was out of debt and avoiding the risk of bankruptcy.
Family life.
Yamamoto's daughter, Limi Yamamoto, has followed in his footsteps. She debuted as a fashion designer at the Tokyo Fashion Week in 2000, showed in Tokyo from 2000 to 2007, and debuted to critical acclaim in Paris in 2007. Its brand name is LIMI feu.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Yamamoto was involved in a relationship with fellow Japanese avant-garde fashion designer Rei Kawakubo of Comme des Garçons fame.
Fashion advocacy.
In 2008, the Yohji Yamamoto Fund for Peace was established to foster development of China's fashion industry and to help heal the long-standing enmity between China and Japan. Each year, an emerging Chinese designer will be awarded with a two-year scholarship to a fashion college in Japan or Europe, and a male or female Chinese fashion model will be selected to make a runway debut during the Paris prêt-à-porter season.
Yamamoto has been quoted as saying: "they must have so many angry young people. Being a fashion designer or an artist, you have to be angry." Of the fashion show he staged in Beijing in spring 2008 to launch this initiative, Yamamoto said, "It's not political. I am going to open a store here, then Chinese people will come and shop there, and then they are happy. The real art is making people happy, but also asking questions about society."

</doc>
<doc id="2847734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847734" title="2005–06 in Belgian football">
2005–06 in Belgian football

The 2005-2006 season was the 103rd competitive season in Belgian football.
Overview.
For the first season since 2000, the football fancard is not needed to see a first division game. Tickets for matches can now be purchased with a single ID card and on the day of the match, which was not permitted since the introduction of the fancard. Furthermore, for the second season in history (the first time was in the 1960s), one game of each matchday is showed on public television. Another premiere is that every Jupiler League game can be watched on a private television channel.
National team.
Belgium continued their qualifying campaign for the Football World Cup 2006 but did not qualify.
Key

</doc>
<doc id="2847741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847741" title="Mike England">
Mike England

Harold Michael "Mike" England, MBE(born 2 December 1941) is a Welsh former footballer and manager.
Playing career.
Born in Holywell, Wales, Mike England was a tall commanding centre-half, who could also play effectively as a centre-forward. He played for Blackburn Rovers, Tottenham Hotspur, Cardiff, and for the Wales national team. At Spurs he won the inaugural 1972 UEFA Cup Final and was runner up in the same competition 2 years later; his goal in the first leg of the 1974 final unable to win the cup a second time for Spurs. England played in the North American Soccer League with the Seattle Sounders from 1975 to 1979. He retired as a player in 1979 after playing eleven games for the Cleveland Force of the Major Indoor Soccer League. He scored an unusual "hat-trick" in 1974, two own-goals and one goal to Burnley net.
England was overtaken as the youngest Wales permanent captain by Aaron Ramsey in 2011.
Management career.
He managed the Wales national team from 1979 to 1987. In his first match, Wales beat England 4-1 at Wrexham. Under his managership Wales came close to qualifying for several tournaments, most notably the 1986 World Cup. That year, Wales faced Scotland in a World Cup qualifier, which Wales had to win to qualify for the finals. A 1-1 draw was enough for Scotland, but their much loved manager Jock Stein had a heart attack in the dugout next to Mike England, and died shortly after. This affected England, as he has admitted freely, and he quit football management shortly afterwards to manage a nursing home in North Wales. England was awarded MBE for services to Welsh football.
He gave an interview to 'The Spurs Podcast' in 2012, where he talked extensively about football past and present, and remains in regular contact with his friend, Harry Redknapp.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur

</doc>
<doc id="2847748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847748" title="The Bomboras">
The Bomboras

The Bomboras are an all-instrumental surf band from Los Angeles. The band was formed in the summer of 1994, sharing a love of 60’s Surf/Garage such as The Ventures, Booker T, and The Sonics.
Donning Halloween masks, Tiki Heads, and Day of the Dead regalia onstage, the fivesome tempered their retro-stylings with an update by way of The Ramones, The Pandoras, and Nuggets. Accompanied by frenzied Go Go girls, spitting flames, stage-diving, and destroying their own equipment, the Bomboras’ livid funhouse take on surf rock became an object of fan adoration, albeit a worry to the local fire department.
The Bomboras took their name from a classic surf instrumental by the Original Surfaris (not to be confused with a different song with the same title, "Bombora," by the Australian surf combo The Atlantics) and released several albums on Burbank-based indie label Dionysus Records between 1995 and 1997. In summer 1997 Rob Zombie took notice of the band and signed them to his then newly formed Zombie a Go-Go label, which was distributed by Geffen Records. The Bomboras finally called it quits in 2000 with some of the members forming the Lords of Altamont and some members formed The Legendary Invisible Men.On December 31, 2006, New Year's Eve of 2007, The Bomboras played a return show in Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="2847749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847749" title="Cacadu District Municipality">
Cacadu District Municipality

Cacadu District Municipality (CDM) is situated in the Western Portion of the Eastern Cape province, covering an area of 58 242 square kilometres. The area of the district municipality includes nine local municipalities and other portions collectively known as the District Management Areas (DMAs). The seat of Cacadu is Port Elizabeth. The largest languages among the 388,201 people are Xhosa and Afrikaans. (2001 Census). The district code is DC10.
The municipality is a new, multi-ethnic administration, formed by the ANC government through the merging of the predominantly Afrikaans-speaking western part of the Eastern Cape, together with Xhosa areas near the Fish river, and the English district of Albany (with its own distinctive local culture, dating back to the 1820 settlers).
The name "Cacadu" is derived from the Khoikhoi word "tkakadao", which means "bulrush river". This was an earlier name for the current Papkuils River near Port Elizabeth, and a river tributary to the northeast.
Government.
The Executive Mayor of Cacadu District Municipality is Mlungisi Gerald Mvoko, and the Municipal Manager is Ted Pillay.
Geography.
The Cacadu district covers an area of in the southwestern part of the Eastern Cape province. It extends to the Great Fish River in the east and the Sneeuberge in the north. The metropolitan area around Port Elizabeth is excluded from the district, forming the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality.
The southwestern part of the district (west of Port Elizabeth) is marked by several ranges of mountains that run parallel to the sea, including the Baviaanskloof Mountains, the Kouga Mountains and the Tsitsikamma Mountains. In the southeastern part (east of Port Elizabeth) is the Albany region around the city of Grahamstown. The northern interior of the district is the southeastern end of the Karoo.
To the west the district borders on the Eden and Central Karoo districts of the Western Cape; to the north it borders on the Pixley ka Seme district of the Northern Cape; and to the east it borders on the Chris Hani and Amathole districts of the Eastern Cape.
Cacadu district is divided into nine local municipalities, described in the following table.
Demographics.
The following statistics are from the 2001 census.
Politics.
Election results.
Election results for Cacadu in the South African general election, 2004. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847753" title="Kay Gray">
Kay Gray

Kay Gray was developed by the Wisconsin grape breeder Elmer Swenson circa 1980 and is named after a family friend. It is a seedling of Swenson's own ES 217 (a cross of MN 78 and Golden Muscat). Swenson collected open-pollinated seeds from this vine, and one seedling eventually became Kay Gray. Because of this, the male parent is unknown, though Swenson suspected it might be a nearby vine of Onaka, an old South Dakota cultivar. Kay Gray itself is female and requires a pollen source in order to set fruit.
In some environments it can produce an odd flavored wine that is vastly improved by modest levels of blending. Had it not been for its exceptional disease resistance and winter hardiness it probably would not have been selected. In subsequent years Swenson used this grape as a parent for the more conventionally flavored cultivars 'Louise Swenson' and 'Brianna'.

</doc>
<doc id="2847754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847754" title="Hans Strøm">
Hans Strøm

Hans Strøm (25 January 1726 – 1 February 1797) was a prominent Norwegian zoologist and naturalist. He is best associated with his topographical description of Sunnmøre.
Hans Strøm' was born in the traditional district of Sunnmøre, in Borgund in Møre og Romsdal County, Norway. His father was a clergyman and many other relatives of both his father and mother were ministers. He attended the Bergen Cathedral School. He was educated as a Lutheran clergyman and in 1745 took a theological degree at the University of Copenhagen. Then he worked from 1750 to 1764 as chaplain in Borgund. In 1764 he became parish priest, first in Volda where he served until 1779, when he went to Eiker where he served as Vicar for 18 years.
Hans Strøm was the first Norwegian who gave species descriptions for Norwegian animals. The results of his research was published as "Physisk og Oeconomisk Beskrivelse over Fogderiet Søndmør I-II" (Copenhagen, 1762-1766), a work that established his reputation as a scientific authority. He followed up this work with a number of articles, particularly where the natural sciences were strongly represented. He co-founded the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters in 1760, with Gerhard Schoning, the historian, and Johan Ernst Gunnerus, bishop of Trondheim. In 1779, Strøm was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. He was also elected as a member of a number of science academies in Norway, Denmark and Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="2847758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847758" title="Amstrad Computer User">
Amstrad Computer User

Amstrad Computer User was the official magazine for the Amstrad CPC series of 8-bit home computers. This monthly publication, usually referred to as "ACU" by its readers, concentrated more on the hardware and technical side of the Amstrad range, although it had a small dedicated games section as well.
ACU History.
"ACU" ran from August 1984 to May 1992, producing 90 issues in total. Originally a bi-monthly Amstrad User's club newsletter titled "CPC464 User", it was renamed to "Amstrad Computer User" when the CPC664 was released in 1985. Its successor was "CPC Attack", which was launched in June 1992.
August 1984 to April 1985.
Amstrad Computer User started out as "CPC464 User" (subtitled ‘The Official AMSTRAD Mirco Magazine’) and the first issue was dated August September 1984, costing £1.00 and 32 pages long. Published by Amsoft, a division of Amstrad, the first couple of issues were not made available to the general public, but only to members of the Amstrad User Club. CPC464 User’s only editorial credit in the launch issue was Consultant Editor Gareth Jefferson. Content in these early months included News, Overview (an in-depth look at the CPC464), Q&A, Software Reviews, Listings, Programming and more. Early games featured included "Roland in the Caves" and "Roland on the Ropes". 
The Jan/Feb 1985 issue 3, with slightly renamed title, "Amstrad CPC464 User", was the first issue to go on sale to the general public costing 95p and 84 pages long. Simon Rockman is credited as editor along with other contributors. 
From issue 4 onwards "Amstrad CPC464 User" went monthly. "Sorcery", from Virgin Games, is the first game to receive 5 stars in all ratings, Graphics, Playability, Addictiveness and Overall.
"ACU" - June 1985 to January 1986.
May 1985's issue 6 features the newly released Amstrad CPC 664 (basically a 464 with a disk drive instead of a cassette deck) on the cover and in depth analysis and features inside. 
Following the release of the CPC 664, the June issue is the first to display the renamed title; the familiar "Amstrad Computer User". The Gallup software chart is published for the first time. Topping the top 20 chart is Virgin’s "Sorcery". Anne Coker joins the magazine as Assistant Editor. 
A slight re-design for July’s issue 8. Credits list includes editorial and, for the first time, Production, Design and Advertising staff. Contents still include the regular Programming, Hardware and Software features. 
October 1985's issue 10 looks at the new Amstrad CPC 6128; a new computer with a disk drive plus 128k of memory. 
December 1985’s issue 12, and "ACU"’s 1st birthday, a bumper 148 page issue, featuring a re-design of the games reviews, again; which has a new ratings box that has marks out of 20 for Graphics, Sound, polish, First impression, lasting impression, value and a final comment.
A Year of Changes – February to December 1986.
William Poel, General Manager of Amsoft and Managing Director of "ACU", announced that he will be leaving to run a software company called New Star. A new Adventure feature ‘Seek and Ye Shall Find’ starts in the February issue
March 1986 and another re-design; clearer layout and main content sections include Regulars, Features, Listings, Reviews and ABC (Amstrad Business Computing). The long running column ‘Hairy Hacker’ debuts this issue; a feature that looks into getting the most out of the CPC including game pokes. Also a 5p rise in the cover price; now up to £1.00.
June 1986, issue 19, introduces new Deputy Editor Jeremy Spencer. Also reviews are given a much needed rework; three reviewers, Colin, Nigel and Liz, are credited as giving their views on the games along with their overall score (out of 20). 
October 1986 and "ACU" credits its publisher as Avralite Ltd. 
November 1986 issue seems to be a letters page for professional programmers as Graham Blighe, Andrew and Philip Oliver write in to comment on recent "ACU" games reviews.
"ACU" Settles Down – January 1987 to December 1988.
A year of continuous fluidity. During 1987 several games are given special 2/3 page feature reviews, including the innovative strategy game "The Sentinel", "Ranarama", "Gryzor" and "Nigel Mansell’s Grand Prix". 
The November 87 issue publishes the "ACU" circulation figures for Jan-Jun 1987; an impressive 63,599. This figure would turn out to be the only ABC figure that would be published. 
"ACU"'s January 1988 and another redesign of the magazine layout. The cover logo has also changed along with the general look of the magazine; more colour and neater design. The regular features remain the same for the time being.
Auntie John is the character behind a new programming feature ‘Auntie John’s Machine Code’ which starts in June 1988’s issue.
A special cover feature on David Perry and his CPC game "Savage" features in the November 1988 issue.
Incorporation – January 1989 to February 1990.
January 1989 and "ACU" incorporates "CPC Computing" and the magazine goes through a redesign. The games pages get a new look with the introduction of the 'ACU Star Game' awards; 'ACU Gold Star Game' and the 'ACU Silver Star Game'. 
Focus Magazines Ltd takes over the publishing of the magazine from March 1989. All change for the April issue as "ACU" has moved to a new publisher and new office. Mark Evans and Andrew Banner are the new Editor and Assistant Editor respectively. Many new reviewers are credited on the games pages including Matt, Adrian, Colin, Paul, Billy, Tony and Rik.
May 1989 - As quick as the new editorial staff arrived the quicker they left. New Editor and staff writer are Duncan Evans and Richard Henderson. Another redesign sees a new 'Neon Zone' section where the latest arcade games are featured. The games section is changed again; going under the 'Meltdown' title the games are rated by percentages; Grafix, Sonix, Gameplay and Overall. 
June 1989's issue reviews "Emlyn Hughes International Soccer", by Audiogenic, and it becomes the first game to gain over 90% overall rating with a 91%.
July 1989 and a completely redesigned magazine with a new front cover logo. New credits mast (including new Editor Carlo Jolly, Sub Editor Harold Mayes, Designer Simon Pipe and contributor Mark Ulyatt. Even contributors have been credited for the first time. The Arcade feature is renamed 'Combat Zone'. 'Gameplan' is the new name for the games section and games are rated by using a bar indicator. The higher the indicator went along the bar the better the rating. Published, again, by Avralite Publications Ltd. 
More changes for the October 1989 issue; Guy Matthews is the new editor while the games ratings change back to percentages.
The Forever Changing Face Of ACU – March 1990 to November 1990.
March 1990 and one of the largest Gameplan sections yet including, for the first time, a Budget Basement section. 
April and the inconsistent game ratings are changed again. The overall rating has changed from the percentage to a picture that represents the score; e.g. "Laser Squad" gets a sparkling smile rating.
June 1990 and, after a longer than usual stint of stability in the editorial line up, there are more changes; Chris Knight moves up to editor and Marc Jones is the sole reviewer credited.
The publisher changes over to MCM Ltd after August, still under the MCPC Ltd division as before. 
A Turrican comic strip/players guide begins in the November 1990 issue.
The Final Incarnation – December 1990 to May 1992.
December 1990 and a completely revamped design; new main logo, a re-established 'ACU Gold Award' accolade which is given to Electronic Zoo’s table top game conversion "Subbuteo".
"ACU" continues unchanged until August 1991 when the games section is renamed 'Bomb Alley'. 
May 1992 and "ACU" announce that this issue will be the last. "ACU"’s successor, "CPC Attack" from HHL Publishing, which even advertises for staff in this issue and has a two-page preview slot, will concentrate more on the games playing scene.

</doc>
<doc id="2847763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847763" title="Cathy Gale">
Cathy Gale

Dr Cathy Gale was a fictional character, played by Honor Blackman, on the 1960s British series "The Avengers". She was the first regular female partner of John Steed following the departure of Steed's original male co-star, Dr David Keel (played by Ian Hendry). She made her first appearance at the start of the series' second season in 1962.
Initially, Gale was one of several rotating partners who worked with Steed (the others being medical man Dr Martin King and nightclub singer Venus Smith). By the third season, however, she was Steed's only partner.
Gale was born 5 October 1932. She was an anthropologist who married a farmer in Africa and there learned to hunt, fight and take care of herself. When her husband was killed, Gale returned to London to earn a Ph.D. in anthropology. She was the curator of a museum when she first encountered John Steed and agreed to work alongside him from 1962-1964. 
The relationship between Steed and Gale was marked by sexual tension of a type absent from later partners, plus Gale and Steed also had a rocky working relationship, with Gale not always appreciative of Steed's methods nor his habit of "volunteering" her for missions. Still, the two appear to have become quite close as the episode "The Golden Eggs" has her actually living in Steed's apartment as she searches for a new home of her own (the reason for her displacement is not revealed). In keeping with "The Avengers"' policy of avoiding direct references to romance between the two leads, however, it's quickly stated that Steed is actually sleeping at a nearby hotel.
Cathy Gale was considered a trail-blazing female character for British television, displaying a level of self-assurance and physical prowess rarely seen in women on television before that time. Her later mode of dress - a leather outfit designed to make it easier for Gale to fight - started a fashion trend, as did her wearing of what were dubbed "kinky boots". (The term became a catch phrase and Honor Blackman and her co-star Patrick Macnee even recorded a moderately popular single entitled "Kinky Boots".) The influence of Cathy Gale could be felt in productions on both sides of the Atlantic; characters considered to have been influenced by her in some way include the TV version of "Honey West" and the "Doctor Who" character Sara Kingdom, as well as the character that succeeded her in "The Avengers", Emma Peel.
Blackman left the series after its third season in order to co-star in the James Bond film "Goldfinger". She was replaced by actress Diana Rigg as Emma Peel, who continued Gale's habit of wearing leather during action sequences until she was given her own unique costuming when series production switched to colour.
Other appearances.
Cathy Gale left the series before it reached the popular heights it would under Emma Peel. As such, the character only appears in one contemporary spin-off novel, Douglas Enefer's "The Avengers" published in 1963.
The Emma Peel episode "Too Many Christmas Trees" sees Steed receive a Christmas card from Mrs Gale and he wonders what she can be doing in Fort Knox, a cheeky reference to Blackman's appearance in "Goldfinger".
Another reference was made to Catherine Gale in the Tara King episode "Pandora", where the names Cathy Gale and Emma Peel are seen on two envelope folders.
Years later, however, Gale would appear in "Too Many Targets", a 1990 novel by John Peel and Dave Rogers, in which she meets Emma Peel and Tara King, Steed's later partners, and is teamed up with David Keel. The book (which is set in the late 1960s and is not considered "canonical") introduces a romantic attraction between Gale and Dr. Keel.

</doc>
<doc id="2847771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847771" title="Riccardo Montolivo">
Riccardo Montolivo

Riccardo Montolivo (; born 18 January 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for and captains Serie A club Milan. He is described as a versatile player capable of playing anywhere in the midfield, Montolivo's two main roles are as a deep-lying playmaker and an attacking midfielder, which best utilise his technical ability, creativity, and range of passing.
Montolivo started his career with Atalanta in 2003 before being transferred to Fiorentina in 2005. He went to make more than 250 appearances for the club in 7 years. In 2012 he signed for Milan on a free transfer. He was given the club's captaincy the following season after the departure of Massimo Ambrosini.
Montolivo made his debut for Italy senior team in 2007 against South Africa and since then has represented the country in two FIFA Confederations Cups (2009 and 2013) as well as in UEFA Euro 2012 and the 2010 FIFA World Cup, where he started every game.
Club career.
Atalanta (2003–2005).
Montolivo is a graduate of Atalanta. He made his debut for the club in a Serie B match against Piacenza Calcio coming as an 81st minute substitute for Michele Marcoliniego. His first start match came in a 2–1 win against Hellas Verona. From that match he became frequent in the starting line-up and scored his first goal against AS Bari in a 2–0 win. Atalanta became fifth and promoted to Serie A by playoffs. At the end of the season, Inter Milan showed interest in buying Montolivo.
He missed the first matches of the his debut season in Serie A because he was out with an injury. He made his Serie A debut in a 2–2 draw against U.S. Lecce. He scored goals in consecutive matches against Cagliari Calcio and Parma. In 23 January 2005 he got the first red card of his career in a match against U.S. Lecce. Atalanta became last in 2004–05 Serie A and was relegated. Montolivo won 32 caps and scored 3 goals in his debut season in Serie A.
Fiorentina (2005–2012).
In summer 2005, Fiorentina signed Montolivo on co-ownership for €3.5 million. He penned a five-year contract. He was given number 18 jersey. During the 2005–06 season, Montolivo's first-team chances were limited, partly due to the fact that he was still an inexperienced player and partly because manager Cesare Prandelli had a relatively stable and reliable squad of players at his disposal. The young man's talents did not go unrecognised though. He became a fixture in Italy's under-21 team, coached by Pierluigi Casiraghi. He made his debut in Fiorentina colours in a 2–1 lose against Inter Milan.
Despite being associated in the Calciopoli scandal, Fiorentina signed Montolivo on a permanent basis on the following season for €2 million. He played a total of 36 matches for Fiorentina, scoring in 2. He also declared that he will continue playing for the "Viola".
The 2007–08 season started well for the "Viola" midfielder; in the first match day, he was as one of the best on the field against Empoli, against which he also scored a splendid goal from a lob. The season follows between ups and downs, but Montolivo confirmed himself during the course of the season as one of the best talents in Italian football.
His good form earned his a spot for Summer Olympics in Beijing. He sustained an injury while playing in it he missed the first round of 2008–09 Serie A against Juventus. He scored a crucial brace as Fiorentina defeated Udinese Calcio 4–2 after being 0–1 down in the first half. Montolivo scored 2 more goals against Sampdoria and SSC Napoli as he ended the season with 4 goals—two more than his previous season. In 17 January 2009, he first time captained Fiorentina to a 1–0 defeat to AC Milan.
In 2009–10 season he was made club-captain following the departures of the then captain Dario Dainelli. He also expressed that the departure of Dainelli and Martin Jorgensen has weakened the team but with Sebastian Frey and Marco Donadel he formed a strong midfield. Despite gaining attention from big clubs he said that Fiorentina was his house and he would not change his club.
Again, the next season started with injury for Montolivo—he had a small problem in the ankle. However, he was operated and it was remedied. His form saw him included in Italian squad for 2010 FIFA World Cup. He scored goals against Palermo and Cesena as he ended his account scoring 2 goals in 29 matches.
He said in the beginning of his last season i.e. 2011–12 that he would leave Fiorentina after his contract expires. He wanted to play in a team of higher caliber. As a result he was stripped from captainship and the armband was given to Alessandro Gamberini with Stevan Jovetic as the vice-captain. He made his 200th appearance for the club in a 2–0 lose against Palermo in 27 November 2011.
AC Milan (2012–).
In May 2012, AC Milan head coach Massimiliano Allegri announced that Montolivo would join the club on a free transfer when his contract with Fiorentina expired on 30 June. He penned a four-year contract with the club. "Next season, Montolivo will arrive and he is a very talented player with great technique," said Allegri to Milan Channel. He chose to wear the number 18 jersey which he has worn before and was last worn by Alberto Aquilani in Milan.
In the Milan derby though he was highly praised for his performance, the referee discarded a stunning 30-yard volley by Montolivo due to a challenge committed by Urby Emanuelson. On 30 October, Montolivo scored his first goal with Milan, coming in the 69th minute after Milan were down 2–0 to Palermo. Milan eventually drew the match 2–2, salvaging a point.
On 25 November, against Juventus, a match won 1–0 by Milan, as Daniele Bonera and Massimo Ambrosini were suspended and Christian Abbiati was injured, he played his first match as Milan's captain. He ended the first season at the club by becoming one of the two (other being Stephan El Shaarawy) most used players of the season. 
On 11 June 2013, Milan Vice-President Adriano Galliani stated that Riccardo Montolivo would be the next captain for Milan, after previously announcing that current club captain Massimo Ambrosini would not be extending his contract with the "Rossoneri".
After getting captainship, he opened his account by scoring against Calcio Catania. He then scored in a 4-3 defeat to Sassulo. On 13 April 2014, Montolivo scored an astonishing long-range strike in the 23rd minute against Catania, which extends Milan's winning streak to four matches.
International career.
Junior teams.
Montolivo represented Italy at under-16, under-18, under-19, and under-21 levels before receiving his first cap for the national team in 2007.
Montolivo scored the winning goal when Italy's under-21 team defeated Spain 2–1 and qualified for the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship on 10 October 2006. Seven days later, he made his debut for the senior team in a 2–0 friendly win against South Africa. He was included in Italy's provisional squad for UEFA Euro 2008 by head coach Roberto Donadoni. He was, however, omitted from the final squad of 23 players. In 2008, Pierluigi Casiraghi called-up Montolivo to participate in the Olympic Games in Beijing. He scored one goal in four appearances as Italy were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Belgium.
Senior team.
In October 2007, Montolivo was called by Roberto Donadoni to face Georgia in the UEFA Euro qualifiers. He did not play in that match but made his debut in a 2–1 win in a friendly against South Africa. In May 2008, Montolivo was included in Italy's preliminary squad for UEFA Euro 2008 but he was omitted from the 23-man final squad. However, Donadoni said that Montolivo would be a key part of Italy's midfield in future. His second appearance came over a year after the first, against Bulgaria in 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification. 
In June 2009, he was selected to play in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup. Italy were eliminated at the group stage. Montolivo started the match against Brazil but played the other two matches as a substitute. In 2010, Montolivo was named in Marcello Lippi's squad for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Due to the injury sustained by Andrea Pirlo, he started Italy's first two group matches against Paraguay and New Zealand. In the third match, Montolivo was again in the starting line-up but was replaced by Pirlo in the 56th minute, as the "Azzurri" lost 3–2 to Slovakia and were eliminated.
Montolivo scored his first senior international goal in a 2–1 friendly win against Spain in Bari. Montolivo made four appearances at UEFA Euro 2012 as Italy progressed to the final, where they lost 4–0 to Spain.
Montolivo was named in Italy's 30-man preliminary squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, but was ruled out of the tournament after suffering a broken leg in a friendly match against Ireland at Craven Cottage on 31 May.
Personal life.
Montolivo was born to a German mother and an Italian father. His brother, Luca, who is four years older than him, is a lawyer.
In addition to holding an Italian passport; Montolivo also holds an German passport—his mother is from Ascheberg, and his grandparents are from Heidkate in Kieler Förde on the Baltic Sea coast, where he spent all of his summers as a youth. He looks upon Francesco Totti, Zinedine Zidane and Frank Lampard as his idols.
Montolivo speaks fluent German and has publicly stated that he is an atheist.

</doc>
<doc id="2847785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847785" title="Binoy Majumdar">
Binoy Majumdar

Binoy Majumdar () (17 September 1934 - 11 December 2006) was a Bengali poet. Binoy received the prestigious Sahitya Akademi Award in 2005.
Biography.
Late Binoy Majumdar was born in Myanmar (erstwhile Burma) on the 17th of September 1934. His family later moved to what is now West Bengal in India. Binoy loved mathematics from his early youth. He completed 'Intermediate' (pre-University) from the Presidency College of the University of Calcutta. Although he graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering graduate from Bengal Engineering College, Calcutta, in 1957, Binoy turned to poetry later in life. He translated a number of science texts from the Russian to Bengali. When Binoy took to writing, the scientific training of systematic observation and enquiry of objects found a place, quite naturally, in his poetry. His first book of verse was "Nakshatrer Aloy" ("in the light of the stars"). However, Binoy Majumdar's most famous piece of work to date is "Phire Esho, Chaka" ("Come back, O Wheel", 1960), which was written in the format of a diary. The book is dedicated to Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, a fellow-Calcuttan and contemporary of Majumdar.
Hungry Generation.
During the 1960s he had joined the Hungry generation movement for a short time but departed because of differences with its leader Shakti Chattopadhyay. However, he had published several poems in the Hungryalist bulletins and one of them viz., 'Ekti Ujwal Maach' became quite famous and popular among academicians. After his disagreement with Shakti Chattopadhyay and Sandipan Chattopadhyay, he had himself written a Hungryalist broadside against them. He was supportive of Malay Roy Choudhury during his 35 month long trial.
Binoy died in his maternal home in Shimulpur, Thakaurnagar, West Bengal, on December 11, 2006.
His work.
The book, "Phire Esho, Chaka", opens with the lines:
which, translated, reads:
The period from 1958-1962 saw Binoy's poetry thrive. Apart from "Phire Esho, Chaka", he wrote other books, such as: "Nakshatrer Aaloy" (In the light of the stars), "Eeshwariyo" (Godly), "Adhikantu" (Excessive), "Aghraaner Anubhutimala" (The emotions of the month of "Aghran"), "Balmikir Kabita" (The Poetry of "Balmiki"). An anthology of Binoy's poems was published by Dey's Publishing House of Calcutta under the name "Binoy Majumdarer Srestho Kabita" (Selected Poems of Binoy Majumdar) in 1981.
Binoy's poetry has been appreciated by literary critics. He won several awards such as 
In the 1980s and 1990s, Binoy was affected by severe mental illness. He tried to commit suicide several times, and stopped writing poetry altogether. Also, the medical treatment he received was inadequate. He moved to the outskirts of Calcutta, in Thakurnagar, and lived with local town folks, a stranger amidst strangers.
Binoy had passed into obscurity in his later years, suffered from senility and lived in social seclusion and neglect. He did not have a family.
Binoy Majumdar died on 11 December 2006, at the age of 72.
Though he had and will have countless readers,there was hardly anyone,not even a single fellow-poet around him when he was having tough time both mentally and financially.He shunned publicity always and perhaps that's what made his friend poets happy and secured with their hunger for recognition and establishment.He died like an unsung hero.
Poetic legacy.
Binoy has often been regarded by critics as a true successor of Jibanananda Das, the poet who revolutionized Bengali Poetry in the post-Tagore era. Like Jibanananda, Binoy drew his material from bountiful nature, the fields and the jungles and the rivers and the fauna of Bengal. But Binoy's originality lay in his attempt to relate the various elements of nature to one another through objective logic and scientific enquiry. In this respect, some critics like Aryanil Mukhopadhyay, refer to the genre of his work as "scientific field journal". Binoy Majumdar was bold and revolutionary in the depiction of sexuality in Poetry. He abundantly used vivid imagery which were sensually potent and Freudian in essence. In a series of pieces ("Aamar Bhuttay Tel" etc.), where he gives an explicit and graphic description of sexual intercourse, Binoy, once again, lays strong emphasis on the physiology of the process, and takes to a journalistic narration. Binoy was one of the original participants in the Hungry generation হাংরি আন্দোলন literary movement spearheaded by Shakti Chattopadhyay Samir Roychoudhury and Malay Roy Choudhury.
Binoy has always been somewhat obscure among readers of Bengali Poetry. He was quite ahead of his time in breaking norms of contemporary literature. Some of his poems are difficult to decipher at the first go, and require multiple readings. His writings are unconventional because they often appear as neutral scientific reportage, and not poetry in its usual romanticized self. In this, Binoy readers can perhaps trace back his background as a Mathematician. Binoy builds up all his imagery, nuances, lyricism, and poetic discovery on the skeleton of scientific reasoning and factual observations.
Binoy Majumer has used mathematical concepts in his poetry. Legacy is, usually poets avoid mathematics; and therefore, he was not properly understood by the Begali poets and Binoy was not most popular one, though exceptional. During last few years Professor Narayan Ch Ghosh, mathematician, has analysed his poems from mathematical stand point. He has written number of articles in different journals. Those extra-ordinary writings have opened a new window for assessment of Binoy from different point. Now revaluation has started.

</doc>
<doc id="2847797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847797" title="Win">
Win

A win is a victory.
Win may also refer to:
WIN may refer to:
Diseases
WiN may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847807" title="Kanem">
Kanem

Kanem may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2847809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847809" title="N-class blimp">
N-class blimp

__NOTOC__
The N-Class, or as popularly known, the Nan ship, was a line of non-rigid airships built by the Goodyear Aircraft Company of Akron, Ohio for the US Navy. This line of airships was developed through many versions and assigned various designators as the airship designation system changed in the post World War II era. These versions included airships configured for both anti-submarine warfare and airborne early warning (AEW) missions. The initial version, designated ZPN-1, was a follow-on to the M-class blimp for patrol missions. The Nan ship used a significantly larger envelope than the M-ship although their overall lengths were similar. Two Wright radial air-cooled engines powered the N-Class blimps.
An initial contract was awarded to the Goodyear Aircraft Company for the prototype N-class blimp in the late 1940s, with delivery of the first on in 1952. The ZPN-1 designation was changed to ZPG-1 in 1954, and then to SZ-1A in 1962. The envelope capacity for the ZPN-1 was and used the gas helium for lift.
The ZPN-1 was followed by an order for four improved N-class blimps that were delivered in 1954. These airships were designated ZP2N, and re-designated in 1954 as the ZPG-2. Three of the ZP2N airships were modified for an airborne early warning mission in the mid-1950s and were designated, originally, ZP2N-1W but at delivery were designated ZPG-2W. Their designation was changed to EZ-1B in 1962. The envelope capacity of these airships exceeded . The ZPG-2W was equipped with the AN/APS-20 radar with its antenna, installed beneath the gondola. There was an APS-70 with its simple dipole antenna inside the envelope. An AN/APS-69 height-finding radar antenna was mounted on top of the envelope. The airship carried a crew of 21 to 25 and had an endurance of over 200 hours. Also, the engines were installed in the control car, driving the propellers through extended shafts. The first ZPG-2W was delivered to the Navy at NAS Lakehurst in May 1955.
Operationally the ZPG-2W was used to fill radar gaps in the North American early warning network during the “cold war” between the Contiguous Barrier and the Inshore Barrier. In a demonstration of the ability to stay on-station for extended times, in a record making flight, a ZPG-2, sn 141561, flew a circuit non-stop from Naval Air Station Lakehurst, New Jersey to west Africa and onto Naval Air Station Key West, Florida covering a distance of in 264.2 hours. That flight exceeded the lighter than air distance record of set by the Graf Zeppelin in 1929. In March 1957, a ZPG-2, the "Snow Bird" piloted by Commander Jack Hunt, USN, took off from Naval Air Station South Weymouth, Massachusetts, and landed 10½ days later at NAS Key West, Florida. The airship with a crew of 13 set a new "distance record of 9,740 miles, and an endurance record without refueling.
The follow-on and larger AEW blimp was the ZPG-3W, the largest non-rigid airship ever built. It was used to fill radar gaps in the North American early warning network during the Cold War between the Contiguous Barrier and the Inshore Barrier. The popular name for the ZPG-3W was "Vigilance". The ZPG-3W was unique in that the huge antenna for the early warning radar was enclosed inside the helium filled envelope. Four airships were delivered to the U.S. Navy.
The first flight of the ZPG-3W was in July 1958. The envelope of the blimp was used as a radome for the radar antenna, thus providing the airship with a clean aerodynamic shape. The airship was over long and was almost high. The endurance time for the airship could extend for days.
The ZPG-3W was the last of the airships built for the U.S. Navy. The July 6, 1960, crash of a Lakehurst-based airship east of Long Beach Island killed 18 sailors, a loss that added pressure on the program. The Navy decommissioned its airship units at Naval Air Station Glynco, Brunswick, Georgia, and at Lakehurst on Oct. 31, 1961. On Aug. 31, 1962, the last two ZPG-3W ships made a ceremonial last flight over Lakehurst — the base log noted, “This flight terminates operation of non-rigid airships at Lakehurst,” Steingold said.
The specially designed and built AN/APS-70 Radar with its massive internal antenna was the best airborne radar system built for detecting other aircraft because its low frequency penetrated weather and showed only the more electronically visible returns. A large radome on top of the envelope held the height finding radar.
The control car of ZPG-3W number 2, BuNo "144243", was stored for many years at NAS Lakehurst. Recorded as in storage at the National Museum of Naval Aviation at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida awaiting restoration, it had been in storage at AMARC / 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group at Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona since at least 1993 until being relocated to NMNA at NAS Pensacola in 1995.
Under the 1962 unified Department of Defense air vehicle designation system the ZPG-3W was re-designated the EZ-1C.
In 1986, a ZPG-2W envelope was used for the construction of the Piasecki PA-97 Helistat.
Designation Systems.
Under the designation system established in April 1947 the first N-class airships were given the Navy designation of ZPN-1, (Z = lighter-than-air; P = patrol; N = type/class). In April 1954, the designation system was changed to mimic that used for heavier-than-air aircraft. With this change the designation for the ZPN-1 became the ZPG-1 (Z = lighter-than-air; P = patrol; G=Goodyear (manufacturer); 1=first version). In the 1962 system the ZPG-1 designation was changed to SZ-1A (S=anti-submarine warfare; Z=lighter-than-air type; 1=first vehicle in the type; A=first model in the series). The designations for later model blimps followed similarly.

</doc>
<doc id="2847819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847819" title="Nitrate reductase test">
Nitrate reductase test

The nitrate reductase test is a test to differentiate between bacteria based on their ability or inability to reduce nitrate (NO3−) to nitrite (NO2−) using anaerobic respiration.
Procedure.
Various assays for detecting nitrate reduction have been described. One method is performed as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="2847823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847823" title="A Lifetime">
A Lifetime

"A Lifetime" is a song by the American alternative rock band Better Than Ezra. It was originally released on the band's 2001 album "Closer". However, a new, re-recorded version (which would become the single), appeared on their 2005 album "Before the Robots".
Content.
On the surface, the song is about how a group of friends remember a close friend who has just died. However, in an article that appears on the VH1 website, lead singer Kevin Griffin says that the song is inspired by a story about the death of Gram Parsons: "Gram's tale is just a great, romantic rock'n'roll story. His friend stole his funeral casket from LAX and took it down to 29 Palms and set him on fire as the sun came up ... and that's where I got the story of some friends stealing their friend's urn, and honoring the girl's true wishes, and going out to the beach one morning and listening to this R.E.M. song they used to listen to growing up as the sun was coming up. It was a way to make something both personal and dramatic."
The song was the first single from "Before the Robots", but would prove to be the highest-charting song from the album. It reached number eleven on the "Billboard" Adult Top 40 chart. It was the band's highest-charting single since "Extra Ordinary" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="2847824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847824" title="Sk'elep">
Sk'elep

Sk'elep or Coyote is the traditional trickster figure in the pantheon of Secwepemc mythology. He is featured in many legends and has many powers, including the ability to die and come back to life. Like the animal his character is enjoined to, he is very clever. But like all intelligent beings, he can also have his foolish moments and can make emblematic mistakes that people can learn from. For example, according to a traditional Secwepemc story, he once decided that he had to climb into a tree and spin a web like a spider. The only result of this misguided idea was that he left behind clumps of his hair in the tree. This magical hair, however, became wila ("Bryoria fremontii"), a species of lichen which is sometimes also called 'wile' (pronounced weel-eh) in the Secwepemc language. In some other Interior Salish cultures, he went into the tree for other reasons; for example, in Colville-Okanagan culture, Coyote was dropped into the tree by some swans he'd grabbed in a hunt. In this story also, though, his hair became the hair moss lichen. 
References.
Turner, NJ. 1977. Economic importance of black tree lichen ("Bryoria fremontii") to the Indians of western North America. Econ. Bot. 31: 461-470.

</doc>
<doc id="2847833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847833" title="State Anti-fascist Council for the National Liberation of Croatia">
State Anti-fascist Council for the National Liberation of Croatia

The State Anti-fascist Council for the National Liberation of Croatia (), often referred to by the acronym ZAVNOH, was the highest governing organ of the anti-fascist movement in Croatia during World War II. It was developed to be the bearer of Croatian statehood. At its last meeting, it changed its name to the National Parliament of Croatia, ("Narodni sabor Hrvatske").
Sessions.
Initiative committee.
Preparations for the foundation of ZAVNOH started on December 5, 1942 when the Croatian representatives in AVNOJ requested the districtual boards to delegate members of the future Initiative Committee of the State Antifascist Council of National Liberation of Croatia. After the delegates were named the Initiative Committee was constituted in Ponor on March 1, 1943 near Korenica in Lika.
1st session.
Held June 13 (in Otočac) and June 14, 1943 (on Plitvice Lakes) was the founding session of ZAVNOH. Vladimir Nazor was chosen president. ZAVNOH adopted "Proclamation to Peoples of Croatia" ("Proglas narodima Hrvatske" in Croatian) and "Resolution" (often called "Plitvice Resolution"). Resolution stated that ZAVNOH was highest political authority of anti-fascist movement in Croatia. Executive board ("Izvršni odbor" in Croatian, abbr. IO ZAVNOH) of 11 members was elected to perform duties of ZAVNOH between sessions.
As the representative of the Allied Command major William M. Jones (Lawrence of Yugoslavia) was present at the founding session. Also the representative of the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People, Jana Jernej was present.
2nd session.
The second session was held October 12–15, 1943 in Plaški. In this session an executive board of 15 members was elected and the decision of Executive Board of ZAVNOH made on September 20, 1943 was confirmed. "Ordinance About Interior Organisation and Work of ZAVNOH" was adopted as well as the Secretariat of ZAVNOH was founded; which ruled Croatian affairs as a de facto government.
3rd session.
The third session occurred on May 8 and May 9, 1944 in Topusko, and was sometimes referred to as the "Sabor u Topuskom" ("Assembly in Topusko"). The third session of ZAVNOH formally formed the Federal State of Croatia. Newly adopted "Rules of conduct of ZAVNOH" disbanded IO (Executive Board) and formed 31 member Presidium of ZAVNOH. The following were established at this session:
Constitution of Croatia on ZAVNOH.
Article 1 of the Constitution of the Republic of Croatia states:
Presidency.
In May 1944, the ZAVNOH was led by a ten-member presidency:

</doc>
<doc id="2847835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847835" title="Caer Caradoc">
Caer Caradoc

Caer Caradoc (Welsh - Caer Caradog) is a hill in the English county of Shropshire. It overlooks the town of Church Stretton and the village of All Stretton and offers panoramic views to the north towards The Wrekin, east to Wenlock Edge, and west over the nearby Long Mynd. On a clear day it is possible to see the hills of north-east Wales to the north, the high-rise buildings of Birmingham to the east, Worcester Beacon in the Malvern Hills to the south-east, and Hay Bluff in the Black Mountains, Wales and the peaks of the Brecon Beacons, to the south. Caer Caradoc is hill G/WB-006 in Summits on the Air. This Caer Caradoc is not to be confused with Caer Caradoc (Chapel Lawn) 1 km to the west of Chapel Lawn village near Bucknell.
Caer Caradoc rises sharply and steeply up out of the narrow valley in which the town of Church Stretton is situated, known as the Stretton Gap. It is the highest point on a high, narrow, northeast–southwest "whaleback ridge", sometimes called a hogsback ridge. The Wrekin is a very similarly shaped hill and on the same alignment, some to the north-east. Caer Caradoc may be fairly easily climbed from Church Stretton town but the ascent / descent is steep; a more gentle climb is from the village of Cardington, which lies two miles (3 km) to the east. A good way of climbing Caer Caradoc is to do a linear walk from along the aforementioned ridge, including the nearby summits of Ragleth Hill and The Lawley to gain the best perspective on each [http://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/619707]. Otherwise, the ascent of the hill and return is some from the town.
The hill is volcanic in origin, like the Wrekin etc., formed of narrow ridges of resistant Pre-Cambrian rock, thrust upwards by movements deep down along the Church Stretton fault. This fault runs from Staffordshire to South Wales and can be seen on OS maps as a line of springs on this hill.
The summit is crowned by an Ancient British Iron Age or late Bronze Age hill fort. It is this which the hill is named after - "Caer Caradog" in Welsh meaning "Caradog's fort". Local legend has it that this was the site of the last stand of Caractacus against the Roman legions during the Roman conquest of Britain, and that after the battle he hid in the cave near its summit. Others say his last stand was in the locality but that this was one of his fortresses.

</doc>
<doc id="2847840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847840" title="Taylor Hayes (pornographic actress)">
Taylor Hayes (pornographic actress)

Taylor Hayes (born January 14, 1975) is a former American pornographic actress. She took her pseudonym from Taylor Hayes, the fictional character played by Hunter Tylo on the "The Bold and the Beautiful", an American soap opera of which a teenaged Hayes was an enthusiastic devotee.
Career.
Hayes was featured in "Penthouse" in 1994. She also was featured in a "Hustler" centerfold in 1995. Later that same year Taylor moved to Los Angeles and began working for adult studio VCA Pictures. After a couple of adult film productions with VCA, she left to become one of the feature girls of gonzo pornographer Adam Glasser (also known as Seymore Butts). Vivid Entertainment signed Hayes to an exclusive contract in 1997 during which time she made more than a dozen feature films. Hayes has made several appearances in nonpornographic films, including the mid-1990s softcore film "Animal Instincts III", and the 2003 B film "". In 2007, she was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="2847847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847847" title="John Steed">
John Steed

Major The Hon. John Wickham Gascoyne Beresford Steed MC, OM usually known as John Steed, is a fictional character and the central protagonist on the popular 1960s British spy series "The Avengers" and its 1970s sequel "The New Avengers", played by Patrick Macnee in both; by Donald Monat in the South-African radio series adaptation of "The Avengers"; by Ralph Fiennes in the 1998 film of the same name and by Julian Wadham in the new Big Finish audio series "The Avengers - The Lost Episodes".
Steed is a secret agent working for an unnamed branch of British intelligence. He was teamed with a variety of partners, including Dr. David Keel (1961), Venus Smith (1962-1963), Dr. Martin King (1962–1963), Cathy Gale (1962–1964), Emma Peel (1965–1968), Tara King (1968–1969), Lady Diana Forbes-Blakeney (1969), Purdey, and Mike Gambit (both 1976–1977).
Biography.
Pre-Avengers.
Steed was born John Wickham Gascoyne Beresford Steed sometime between 1922 and 1925 (the actor who played him, Patrick Macnee, was born 1922). A scion of a noble family, Steed attended Eton (like Macnee), where he once got into a fight with the school bully, James Bond, and was eventually expelled (like Macnee). He was a distinguished veteran of World War II (like Macnee—but here their bios begin to diverge), training with the Coldstream Guards and then transferring to the Intelligence Corps. He spent the early part of his war service posted at RAF Camp 472 Hamelin, which was a jumping-off point for British spies on the continent. He received the Military Cross for single-handedly taking a German machine-gun post. Before leaving the British Army to join "The Ministry" in 1945, Steed achieved the rank of Major.
He maintained a modest mews flat in London during the 1960s (first at 5 Westminster Mews, later at 3 Stable Mews) and drove a variety of elaborate, old-fashioned cars, including a Rolls Royce and several different models of Bentley, one of which he calls Fido. In one episode also a Vauxhall 30/98 can be seen.
By "The New Avengers", Steed had moved out to the country, to a manor house known as "Steed's Stud", and was no longer driving vintage cars, but contemporary Jaguars instead.
The Avengers.
During the first season Steed's character was a more rough-and-tumble operative than the suave, sophisticated gentleman he became during the Gale and Peel eras. His most common style of dress as Dr. Keel's sidekick was a trenchcoat and suit, though the famous bowler hat and umbrella appeared as early as the "The Frighteners", the 15th episode to be aired. Quite probably they made their debut even earlier—most of the first season episodes are lost, but Macnee hints so in his memoir. During the show's budget-strained first season, in fact Macnee supplemented his on-screen wardrobe with numerous items from his own wardrobe, including the bowler and umbrella. By the second season, Steed had dispensed with the trenchcoat and was found wearing the familiar three-piece suits with which he is afterward identified, as well as his bowler and umbrella.
He was initially shown answering to several different superiors such as "One-Ten" and "Charles". During most of the Gale-Peel era the source of his orders were left a mystery. For the final season of the original series (the Tara King era) Steed was shown taking his orders from an obese man who used a wheelchair called "Mother" (and once from a blind woman named "Father").
In "The New Avengers", Steed was once again shown working on his own, and it was suggested that he had moved up into a "Mother"-like role in British intelligence, although that didn't stop him from directly participating in missions.
Out of all his partners, he was closest to Mrs Peel; while their interaction was often laced with dry, sarcastic wit on both sides, he respected her as an equal, and owed her his life on more than a few occasions. Regarding the question of whether they had a sexual relationship at any time, Macnee thought they went to bed on a very regular basis (just not in view of the camera), Rigg thought they were engaged in a very enjoyable extended flirtation that ultimately went nowhere, and Brian Clemens said he wrote them with the idea they'd had an affair before Emma's first appearance in the series.
Description.
One of Steed's trademarks was his impeccable dress, often consisting of a three-piece suit with Bowler (or Coke) and ever-present umbrella. His bowler and umbrella were in fact his favourite weapons. 
Steed's umbrella, with its distinctive whangee handle, was known for containing a sword, though there were other versions, including one that featured a sound recorder and one with a camera hidden under the handle for covert photography ("The Cybernauts"), and one that contained measures of whisky. (The swordstick featured in the title sequence was made by venerable English umbrella maker James Smith & Sons.)
The bowler was metal plated and very hard, it could stop bullets and knock down opponents.
Although he was witty, highly sagacious, he is a suave, redoubted and ruthless spy. In combat, he is an excellent Swordsman. A bon vivant, he also seemed to be something of an oenophile, having an impeccable palate and a love for Champagne.
Influence.
The professional footballer, Steed Malbranque is widely reported to have been named after John Steed on account of his parents having seen their child as the epitome of Britishness.
Fans of John Steed sometimes call themselves "Steedophiles".

</doc>
<doc id="2847850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847850" title="Portela (Loures)">
Portela (Loures)

Portela () is a Portuguese () in the municipality () of Loures, in the district of Lisbon ().
History.
In toponymic terms, "Portela" gets its name from two Portuguese definitions: "portela" is derived from a corruption of the Latin "portulla" or "portella", which means "small door" or "entryway", since it can be considered the accessway to Lisbon (and/or south part of the Tagus estuary); the term "portela" is also, literally "a point where a road or street forms a bend or angle, ordinarily in a bottleneck or tributary". Geographically, the second statement is also true, since the parish's northern limits are cornered by two important bends (Avenida Infante Dom Henriques-IC17 and IC17-A1). 
Portela's masterplan was deeply inspired by Swiss architect Le Corbusier's utopian scheme of ""A Contemporary City for 3 Million People"" (1922), and its urbanism based on the premise of a modern architecture that was exposed it to the maximum levels of sun, air and nature (as stated in the 1933 Athens Charter of Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne). 
Similarly, in the early part of the 1960s, a development in Buenos Aires had a comparable affect on the future urbanization of Portela; the development was geometric in design, with composite linear roadways around a central centre. In Lisbon, a similar layout was achieved by a New York architect, who was commissioned to construct a development that centred on a large commercial mall in the 1970s (the first of its type to be completed using urban planning concepts in the capital). The idea was to organize apartment blocks around a central commercial structure, in order to create a pole of socio-economic activities. Constituted in 1985, the civil parish of Portela has become a Portuguese reference for urban architecture.
In 1965, a draft plan for the future scheme was approved by the Government, implying the expropriation of five farms which were sharing this parcel of land and supplying Lisbon with agricultural goods. The plan, covering an area of 50 hectares, laid out a vision for a future area with 4500 homes and all sort of social equipments, responding to the big demand of housing for the people who were flocking to the Capital in a high number either from the ex-colonies in Africa or from other parts of the country.
The early residents of the modern Portela were young couples with their children, many returning from the Portuguese Colonies, others liberal professionasl such as lawyers, engineers, physicians, or judges and some older politicians, ostensibly from middle- to upper-middle class. The growth of the region was influenced by the youth culture, a bohemian collection of punk, metal, anarchist and others on the vanguard of the youth movement, who would spend time in the Bairro Alto district, ending their nights in Cais do Sodré, Jamaica, Tóquio or Shangrila. As time evolved, the Association of Portela Homeowners, the parish Church and the "Junta Freguesia" became more active in the activities of the residents. By the 1990s, the youth movement had moved onto to areas of Alcântara-Mar, the Kapital or the Kremlin. At this time, the "Esplanada da Portela" (the main strip), with its open-air green-spaces attracted more of the local residents, and slowly the tennis courts and football field were constructed to fix the local population. As the population continued to age, many married and moved away, although some remained in the region while others moved closer to the river's edge, as the Expo 98 lands were repurposed for residential living.
Geography.
Bordering the urban parishes of Moscavide, Sacavém, Prior Velho and the municipality of Lisbon (parish of Santa Maria dos Olivais), Portela includes approximately 20,000 inhabitants in an area of about one km². It is located barely two kilometres from Lisbon's International Airport and at the intersection of two of Portugal's main road axisways: the A1 (Lisbon-Oporto motorway) and A12-IC17 CRIL (Circular Regional Interior de Lisboa) inter-urban ring-roadway (linking it directly to the Vasco da Gama bridge and the southern part of the Tagus estuary. The parish is situated on a gentle slope running west to east forming a slight plateau. Starting from the southern edge of the Seminary of Olivais, the southern border extends east to the on/off-ramps of the Vasco da Gama bridge, then follows the motorway northeast until the intersection of the A1-E1 cloverleaf interchange. The border then follows the A1-E1 west until the interchange at "Avenida Mal. Craveiro Lopes", where it bypasses the "Avenida Dr. Alfredo Bensaúde", instead following the "Estrada da Circunvalação" until the "Largo dos Bombeiros", before returning to the Seminary. It is several blocks north of the "Parque das Nações" (), which lies in the neighbouring Santa Maria dos Olivais.
Its demographics identify an area that includes 41% youth, while only 5.6% seniors, indicating a relatively young population; infant natality (130) to mortality (63) from 1997 identifies a community that is growing (1997). Portela is a high-density residential neighborhood situated on the northeastern section of Lisbon's city boundary. It is the home of 11809 people, most of whom commute to Lisbon for work and leisure.
The Commercial Centre of Portela (), hosts one of the higher builduing in Lisbon, Concórdia (80m), the Church of Cristo Rei da Portela, the "Parque Desportivo da Associação dos Moradores da Portela", the Seminary of Olivais and the parks of Almeida Garrett and Descobertas, are examples of the urban social and cultural structures that have attracted residents to the area in the past. The "Centro Comercial" is situated in the heart of the civil parish, at the former-centre of the communities traditional centre. It was remodelled and reinvigorated to include new shops such as computer and technology, spas, clothing/apparel outlets and shoe shops, in addition to banking. The Church of Cristo Rei da Portela is the pride of the Catholic faith community; erected slowly, through local contributions, it is a significant modern architectural design uncommon to the other Portuguese styles. The parish's two heated pools (25 x 12.5 metres) are used for competitive competitions and swimming classes, while another pool (12.5 x 8 metres), operated by the municipal company GesLoures is used for classes and training. The facilities were one of the few buildings to the constructed to be energy efficient, recycling energy, utilizing solar panels and reducing the consume of energy and emissions of carbon dioxide. The "Parque Desportivo" has three tennis courts and field, an esplanade and a swimming pool. Generally, the parish is a linear alignment of roads, comprising a hundred 10- to 12-storey buildings, that form a rectangle which has a circular shaped shopping centre and a 20-storey tower at its very middle point.
With a large population density (approximately 12430 inhabitants per square kilometre), the parish is equipped with many collective structures including water supplies, sewage treatment, garbage pickup (with access to landfill in Vila Franca de Xira) and recently the canalization of natural gas. 
In the northwest corner of the civil parish, on the corner of "Avenida do Ralis" and the "Estrada da Circunvalação", remains a degraded part of this modern civil parish, consisting of dozens of bungalows, abandoned buildings and ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="2847852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847852" title="Glo">
Glo

Glo is the third full studio album by the band Delirious?. It was released in 2000, just over a year after their previous album "Mezzamorphis". 

</doc>
<doc id="2847855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847855" title="Aminiyya School">
Aminiyya School

Aminiya School is a primary & secondary school in Malé, the capital of the Maldives. It is the first girls' secondary school in the country and remained the only all-girls school until 14 June 2009.
It was established in 1944 to accommodate Female students from Majeediyya School (then known as "Madhrasathul Saniyya") which became an all-boy institution. The school is divided into four houses, namely "Aminarani", "Dhainkanba", "Raandhafathi" and "Rehendhi". ".
Till 2011, the school remained as a secondary school for only girls. On 2011 the school established Primary, Grade 1 making it both a primary and secondary school.

</doc>
<doc id="2847860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847860" title="Rimi Sen">
Rimi Sen

Rimi Sen (born Shubhomitra Sen; 21 September 1981) is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films.
Biography.
Sen was born as Shubhomitra Sen in Kolkata, West Bengal. She completed her schooling from Bidya Bharati Girls' High School in the year 1998. She completed her graduation in Commerce from University of Calcutta.
Career.
Since childhood Sen nursed the dream of becoming an actress. After completing her studies, she persuaded her mother to accompany her to Mumbai. She later said that she wasn't encouraged by anyone in her family except for her grandfather. After doing the rounds, she got into ads including one Coca-Cola ad with Aamir Khan. She was instantly noticed and her first offer for films started rolling in.
Rimi made her debut as a lead actress in Telugu movie Nee Thodu Kavali. Her debut Hindi film, Vijay Galani's "Hungama", released in 2003. It was a comedy film, in which she co-starred with Akshaye Khanna, Aftab Shivdasani, Paresh Rawal, as well as other actors.
She followed it with appearance in big budget movies like "Dhoom" (2004), "Garam Masala" (2005) and "" (2006). She also did a cameo in 2006 film "Dhoom 2", and followed it with "Johnny Gaddaar" alongside newcomer actor Neil Nitin Mukesh. In 2008, she appeared in "De Taali" and in "Sankat City" and Horn Ok Pleasse in 2009. All the three films here have been box office disasters. After these films, her carer has plummeted down considerably.
She further appeared in the films Thank you and Shagird in 2011 and both the films were declared box office failures.
Rimi is currently going by the screen name "Rimmi". She explains the name change as a career move: there are many other Sens working in Bollywood right now, and a single name may help her stand out from the crowd and stay apart from others.
Controversy.
In 2006, when Rimi was at the peak of her career, she said in an interview during Rohit Shetty's "" promotion, "Rohit Shetty is amazing as a director. He can make even a black African look pretty."
This Anti African racist slur created a huge controversy and protests. The British African group Ligali had openly condemned her statement and said the fact that the majority of readers saw Sen's comments as acceptable exposed "how normalised anti-African ideology is within Bollywood and its audiences".
Since making these comments her career has suffered very much.

</doc>
<doc id="2847862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847862" title="High School! Kimengumi">
High School! Kimengumi

"Kimengumi" is an episodic chronicle of the bizarre adventures of a group of misfit junior high school (and later, high school) boys who form a club known as the "Kimengumi". All of the character names in the series are puns. For example, "Kawa Yui" is another way of saying "kawaii," and "Uru Chie" is a slang form of "urusai," meaning "obnoxious" or "annoying."
Other romanizations of the title include High School! Kimen-gumi and Highschool! Kimengumi. In a 2006 survey of celebrities by TV Asahi, "Kimengumi" was listed as #87 on a list of the top 100 favorite anime series.
Books.
"Kimengumi" was originally published in Japan and has been re-released several times. "Sannen" began in issue 41 of "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in 1980 and ran through issue 17 in 1982, with "High School!" picking up in issue 18 of the same year. The last chapter of "High School!" was released in issue 30 in 1987, just about two months before the TV series finished.
On December 1, 2000, Popeye/Magazine House released an overview softcover volume titled . The book covers the first two manga series as well as the anime. It also contains interviews with Shinzawa and others connected to the series.
Manga.
Following is a list of the Japanese volumes published so far in the three series comprising the "Kimengumi" universe.
, 1980–1982, "Weekly Shōnen Jump"
, 1982–1987, "Weekly Shōnen Jump")
, 2001–2005, "Monthly Shōnen Gangan")
Anime collections.
Shūeisha Jump Remix Mook collections:
Anime.
The "Kimengumi" TV series began airing in Japan on October 12, 1985 at 7:30pm on Fuji TV Network. The series ran for two years, with episode 86 airing on September 21, 1987. It has also been broadcast multiple times across Japan on the satellite television network Animax. At present, the only country outside of Japan with an official release of the TV series is France.
Cast.
"High School! Kimengumi" features a large recurring cast. The main focus, however, is on the five members of the Kimengumi and the two girls who hang out with them.
Songs.
The theme songs, with the exceptions of the fifth ending and insert "Nakuko mo Warau Kimengumi", were performed by various sub-groups or former members of Onyanko Club:
Video releases.
"Kimengumi" has been released on DVD in Japan in two different box set releases. The movie was released as part of the second DVD set in 2008.
Games.
There is a traditional boardgame based on the series titled "High School! Kimengumi Game", released by Bandai. Three video games have been based on the series: 
There is also a series of pachinko games based on the series manufactured by Maruhon 

</doc>
<doc id="2847866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847866" title="Dell DRAC">
Dell DRAC

Dell Remote Access Controller or DRAC is an interface card from Dell Inc which provides out-of-band management facilities.
Features.
The controller has its own processor, memory, network connection, and access to the system bus. Key features include power management, virtual media access and remote console capabilities, all available through a supported web browser or command line interface. This gives system administrators the ability to configure a machine as if they were sitting at the local console (terminal).
The DRAC interfaces with baseboard management controller (BMC) chips based on the Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) 2.0 standard, which allows use of IPMI out-of-band interfaces such as IPMI Over LAN.
Versions.
The Dell Remote Access Controllers (DRAC) and the Integrated Dell Remote Access Controllers come in different version where a new (i)DRAC version is often linked to a new generation of Poweredge servers.
iDRAC, where the "i" is for integrated as the hardware part is now often integrated on the motherboard of the server. The standard version of iDRAC the software / hardware is piggy-backed onto one of the server's on-board network interfaces using a unique IP address. When the optional "Enterprise" version of iDRAC has been enabled, it is connected to its own "iDRAC" network interface.
The iDRAC version 7 was introduced in conjunction with the release of Dell PowerEdge generation 12 servers in March 2012, and is only available on 12th generation models. Unlike previous versions the functionality of iDRAC 7 is the same for rack, tower and blade-servers.
An overview of the different versions
Power management.
With the DRAC enabled and using its own separate network connection, a user may login and reboot the system even if the core operating system has crashed. If the operating system has loaded the correct drivers, the DRAC will attempt to shutdown the system gracefully. Without this feature and with the system running, administrators can use the remote console to access the operating system too
Remote console.
The remote console features of the DRAC allow an administrator to interface with the computer as if sitting in front of it, and one can share the local inputs from keyboard and mouse as well as video output (DRAC does not support remote sound). Remote-console capability relies on an Active X or Java plug-in (depending on the model), which displays a window showing the video output on the local terminal and which takes mouse and keyboard input. This behavior closely resembles that of other remote access solutions such as VNC or RDP but also works if the operating system of the server doesn't work anymore (unlike VNC or RDP). It is used to take the server console remotely.
Virtual media.
The DRAC enables a user to mount remotely shared disk-images as if they were connected to the system. In combination with the remote console, this gives administrators the ability to completely re-install an operating system, a task which traditionally required local console access to the physical machine. Administrators can control virtual media through the browser or through the OpenManage tools provided by Dell, though specific versions of browsers restrict some functionality.
Access.
The main DRAC management takes place via a web interface. All generations of the DRAC use the default user name codice_1 and the default password codice_2. Starting with the DRAC 3, Microsoft Active Directory can also provide authentication either with Dell AD Schema Extensions or Standard Schema.
Implementation.
The DRAC5 and iDRAC6 and higher are embedded platforms running Linux and Busybox. The firmware source code is available on the Dell website however it is not possible to compile the source into a replacement firmware as Dell does not include a build environment.
The DRAC provides remote access to the system console (keyboard and screen) allowing the system BIOS to be accessed over the Internet when the server is rebooted. This is done by configuring the system BIOS to send its output to a serial port (as a stream of text using VT100-compatible control codes.) The chosen serial port is then redirected to the DRAC's serial port. Users can then log in to the DRAC via SSH and run a command to connect the SSH session to the serial port, thus allowing the console to be accessed over the Internet.
Earlier versions of the DRAC used ActiveX to provide a remote-console interface in a web browser, however this was unpopular with non-Windows users who could not install the software. The latest revision of the DRAC6 uses a Java application instead (launched from within the browser), however both the DRAC5 and iDRAC6 also provided the aforementioned platform-independent SSH access.
iDRAC6 Details.
iDRAC6 is available in two levels: iDRAC6 Express and iDRAC6 Enterprise. iDRAC6 Express (which integrates a host of features previously charged for in DRAC5) is now a standard offering on Dell’s enterprise-class servers. Certain features are not available for the Express version, including the Remote Console functionality. As with iDRAC, iDRAC6 Enterprise is a standard offering on blade servers
Generation 12: iDRAC7.
For the Generation 12 servers, introduced in March 2012, Dell released iDRAC 7 for these servers. iDRAC 7 won't work on earlier generation servers although some of the new functions introduced with iDRAC 7 will also be offered in new software-releases for iDRAC 6
On 6 March 2012, software version 1.00.00 for the iDRAC7 was released to the public. As of May 2014, the current version is 1.56.55.
With the introduction of iDRAC 7 the licensing model has changed. iDRAC 7 now supports Lifecycle Controller. Some features of Lifecycle controller are licensed and to access those features via iDRAC the correct licenses for those functions need to be enabled.
Supported hardware platforms.
iDRAC 7 runs on Generation 12 servers. Per introduction in March 2012 the following servers are using iDRAC7:
Supported operating systems.
iDRAC 7 is supported by the following operating systems
Supported webbrowsers.
The GUI for iDRAC7 uses a webbrowser and JAVA. IE7, IE8 and IE9 as well as Firefox 6 + 7 have been tested for different operating systems
Limitations.
To take advantage of storage greater than 256 MB on the iDRAC6 enterprise, Dell requires that a vFlash SD card be procured through Dell channels. As of December 2011, Dell vFlash SD cards differ from consumer SD cards by being overprovisioned by 100% for increased write endurance and performance.
While there are no other known functional differences between a Dell-branded vFlash SD and a class 2 or greater SDHC card, the use of non-Dell media prevents the use of extended capacities and functions.
On a Linux client system the standard arrow and print screen keys cannot be used in the iDRAC6 Java virtual console application because of some incompatible key event IDs, however the arrow keys on the numeric keypad can still be used.
Some combinations of DRAC firmware, web browser, and Java runtime do not support virtual media via the Java applet or the plugin in DRAC5 and iDRAC6.

</doc>
<doc id="2847872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847872" title="The Secret Language of Birds">
The Secret Language of Birds

The Secret Language of Birds (2000) is the third studio album by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson. It is named after the dawn chorus, the natural sound of birds heard at dawn, most noticeably in the spring.
Introductions.
To each track, Anderson wrote an introduction:

</doc>
<doc id="2847874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847874" title="Azumi">
Azumi

"Azumi" was originally published by Shogakukan and serialized in "Big Comic Superior", and received an Excellence Prize at the 1997 Japan Media Arts Festival and the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1998. The manga was later adapted to two feature films starring Aya Ueto (2003's "Azumi" and 2005's ""), and a video game and a stage play in 2005.
Plot.
"Azumi" focuses upon the life of the titular young female assassin. The manga begins an indeterminate number of years after the Battle of Sekigahara. As Azumi begins her duty, the manga introduces its characters into mainstream history. Many of the early missions that Azumi undertakes are the assassinations of the prominent supporters and generals of the Toyotomi Clan, against whom Tokugawa Ieyasu expected to again go to war. The manga 'reveals' that many of the Toyotomi leaders who conveniently died of diseases or accidents prior to the final confrontation between the Toyotomi and Tokugawa were actually victims of assassinations by Azumi and her comrades, thus indicating to the reader when the events were taking place.
Azumi is raised by an old man known as Jiji (Grandfather), whose name is later revealed to be Gensai Obata, as the only girl among ten students. They are secluded from the society in a tiny valley called Kiridani (Fog Valley) to such an extent that they do not know the difference between men and women, what a baby is, or customs like marriage. Early in the manga, as part of their training, Azumi and her comrades are ordered to go to Shimotani, a hidden community of ninja who became farmers, to learn the basics of ninjutsu. The manga sets a very chilling tone early on. The 10 "erabareta senshi" (chosen warriors), who are all young children (Azumi has her first period well after her first missions, so she appears to be somewhere between 10–12 years of age at the onset of the manga) are told by Jiji that they have completed their training. For their first mission, they are to form a pair with whomever among the 10 that they feel the closest. Azumi pairs with Nachi, and all others pair with their closest friends. Having formed the pairs, Jiji tells them their first mission is to kill their partner—whoever is too weak to kill their partner is too weak to fulfill their life's missions, and will not be allowed to survive. The ten children each fight their respective duels, and Azumi slays Nachi, an event which appears to deeply traumatize Azumi, but she hides her feelings, as do the others. Then, their second mission was to massacre all 53 residents of the peaceful ninja village, including their teacher, women and children, as they know of the group's existence. Azumi slays three men and four teenagers but is unable to kill a woman with baby, a task which one of her comrades quickly accomplishes.
The remaining five warriors proceed to go on assassination missions of the various important supporters of the Toyotomi faction. As the manga proceeds, it evokes various moral concepts such as the morality of assassinations (and killing in general), the dehumanization effect of politics, as well as leading the reader to question basic assumptions of right and wrong. For example, throughout much of the middle volumes of the manga (Vol. 8-19), Azumi frequently fights and kills many bandits—many of whom are depicted robbing, murdering, and raping innocent victims. Azumi does not question that her killing such bandits is right, and few readers probably question her righteousness. Later on in the manga, the political background to the reason for the banditry is revealed. The Tokugawa ruling family deposed and ended many previously prominent daimyo feudal lords who opposed them leaving the samurai and mercenaries in their employ without work or any means to live—therefore they resorted to banditry. Azumi questions whether it was right for her to have killed so many men who had been driven to banditry not by their own choice.
A consistent recurring theme is the contrast between Azumi and other prominent characters. Azumi is compared to a bodhisattva—a kind of enlightened being. This is indicative of the theme in Azumi where characters around Azumi are motivated by a variety of obsessions. Some are motivated by a kind of blind idealism, others by religion, others by a lust for battle, greed, or even normally sanctified motivations like honor. Not all the forces (particularly those motivated by more noble incentives, like a pair of ninja assassins whom Azumi kills, who are participating in the planning of a revolt as the only way for a ninja community to survive) are depicted as if their single-minded drive towards their goals are somehow evil. However, nonetheless, in each case, those who are attached intensely to something in the world are killed by Azumi, while she, who seemingly has little attachment to the earthly world and few personal desires, survives.
Adaptations.
Film series.
"Azumi" was loosely adapted into an action film directed by Ryuhei Kitamura in 2003. A sequel, "Azumi 2: Death or Love", directed by Shusuke Kaneko, followed in 2005.
Video game.
An action game for PlayStation 2, based on manga's original story, was developed by Gargoyle Mechanics and released in Japan only by Entertainment Software Publishing in 2005. The game was also re-released as part of the budget-range Simple series (Vol. 32).
Stage play.
The theatrical version, directed by Okamura Toshikazu, premiered on April 3, 2005, starring Meisa Kuroki as Azumi.
Merchandise.
"Azumi Original Soundtrack" containing music from the film was released by For Life Music in 2003. Azumi figure line based on the manga version was released by figuAX in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="2847880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847880" title="Salamat">
Salamat

"Salamat" is the word for "Thank You" in many Filipino languages, including Tagalog, Cebuano, and Hiligaynon. It most likely comes from the triliteral Semitic root S-L-M, due to Arabs who roamed the area. In its Arabic form سلامات, it is also used as a greeting in many Arabic cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="2847881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847881" title="Attack of the Mutant Zombie Flesh Eating Chickens From Mars">
Attack of the Mutant Zombie Flesh Eating Chickens From Mars

Attack of the Mutant Zombie Flesh Eating Chickens From Mars (AOTMZFECFM) was a computer game advertised by Software Projects in 1987, but never released. The version for the ZX Spectrum was much anticipated due to being programmed by Matthew Smith.
The Commodore 64 version was programmed independently by John Darnell. After the original project had been abandoned, work continued on the C64 version which was released as "Star Paws". This was subsequently ported to the ZX Spectrum.
In a 1999 interview, Matthew Smith described the original Spectrum version starting life as a version of the Road Runner cartoons. It then had to be reworked when Software Projects failed to get rights to the title.

</doc>
<doc id="2847884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847884" title="Thorvald Meyer">
Thorvald Meyer

Thorvald Meyer (1818 – 3 February 1909) was a Norwegian businessman who built his fortune primarily on real estate development in Oslo, but also forestry. He was a supporter of the arts, in particular the theater. He donated several of his properties to the city. One of the main thoroughfares, Thorvald Meyers gate, running north to south through the borough of Grünerløkka is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2847891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847891" title="Dmitry Likhachov">
Dmitry Likhachov

Dmitry Sergeyevich Likhachov (, also "Dmitri Likhachev" or "Likhachyov"; in St. Petersburg – September 30, 1999 in St. Petersburg) was an outstanding Soviet Russian scholar who was considered the world's foremost expert in Old Russian language and literature. He has been revered as "the last of old St Petersburgers", "a guardian of national culture", and "Russia's conscience".
Life and career.
Dmitry Likhachyov’s personality is symbolic of Russian culture of the 20th century. He was an intellectual who survived a Soviet labor camp; one of Russia’s most outstanding scientists and a notable public figure, who managed to preserve his moral values and strength of mind throughout his life.
Dmitry Likhachyov was born in Saint Petersburg. From his early childhood, he was passionate about literature, even though his parents did not approve of this interest.
In 1923, at only 16 years old, Likhachyov entered the Leningrad State University in the Department of Linguistics and Literature. He attended Roman-Germanic and Slavic-Russian sections at the same time, undertaking two diplomas. At the university, young Likhachyov met many outstanding scientists and developed his own way of thinking. In 1928, at the end of his studies, Likhachyov was arrested and accused of being a member of the students’ club “Cosmic Academy of Science,” which was simply a playful name for a group of like-minded youths. Shortly before his arrest, Dmitry Likhachyov had presented a short report, in which, either jokingly or seriously, he claimed that the new spelling rules were “demonic” and worse than the old ones. This document was used as proof of his “counter-revolutionary” ideas. After nine months in jail, the young scientist was unlawfully exiled without trial and spent five years in the USSR’s largest labor camp, situated on the Solovetsky Islands.
At the camp, hard work, poor living conditions and illness dramatically damaged Likhachyov’s health, but at least he survived. On the Solovetsky Islands he met both exiled Russian intellectuals and real criminals, who happened to save his life. As Dmitry Likhachyov said many years later, “At the Solovki I understood that every person is a person.”
Whilst on the islands, for some period of time Dmitry Likhachyov worked as a member of the Criminological Cabinet, organizing a labor colony for teenagers and saving them from death caused by hunger, drugs and cold. From 1931, Likhachyov was a worker on the construction of the White Sea-Baltic Sea Canal until his release.
Dmitry Likhachyov’s first scientific article, “Card Games of Criminals,” was written in the camp. He didn’t play cards himself, but was a keen observer. He also gathered much material about the languages of thieves and later published articles and a book about thieves’ slang and customs.
Having returned to Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg), Likhachyov worked for five years as a proofreader in the publishing house of the Academy of Sciences. In 1936, thanks to petitions by the president of the Academy of Sciences, Aleksandr Karpinsky, Dmitry Likhachyov’s criminal record was cleared. In 1938 the talented scientist was noticed and invited to the Department of Old Russian Literature of the Institute of Russian Literature (known as Pushkin’s House). Dmitry Likhachyov worked here until the end of his life.
Old Russian literature, which at that time did not receive much academic attention, became the main scientific interest of Dmitry Likhachyov who, by the beginning of the 1940s, was one of the most renowned specialists in this sphere. In 1941 Likhachyov presented his thesis “Novgorod Annalistic Corpus of the 12th Century.”
World War II brought new trials. Likhachyov, together with his wife and twin daughters, survived the horrors of the Siege of Leningrad. He described his experience in a story, full of harsh details, exposing different types of people and their heroic or appalling behavior when faced with starvation and death. In 1942, completely exhausted by hunger and cold, Dmitry Likhachyov started to gather materials on medieval poetry and soon published the book "Defense of the Old Russian Cities." In 1943 Likhachyov and his entire family were exiled to Kazan, supposedly because of the "connection with the Solovetsky Camp." But by the end of the war they were back in Leningrad.
In 1947 Dmitry Likhachyov received his Doctor of Philology, having presented his thesis "Essays on the History of Annalistic Literary Forms of the 11th-16th Centuries." Three years later he became a professor at the Leningrad State University. From 1953 he was a corresponding member and from 1970 - a member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. Dmitry Likhachyov’s conquering of the scientific world was definitely a triumphant one.
1950 marked the publication of Likhachyov’s two-volume edition containing unique, important literary works translated into the modern Russian language: “The Primary Chronicle,” a history of the Kiev Rus in the 9th and 11th centuries and “The Tale of Igor's Campaign,” based on a failed raid by the Prince of Novgorod-Severask against the Cumans in 1185.
Dmitry Likhachyov was not a scientist detached from real life. From the 1950s he began a campaign to save the wooden temples of the Russian North and preserve the historical look of
Russian cities. He helped found the museums of Dostoevsky, Pushkin and Pasternak. In the 1960s Likhachyov was one of the initiators of the movement for the protection of historical monuments, libraries and archives. Thanks to Likhachyov many monuments were saved, including Marina Tsvetaeva’s flat in Moscow, the Nevsky Prospect, which was supposed to be turned into a shopping street and Aleksandr’s Garden. In the 1980s he headed the Soviet (later renamed into Russian) Cultural Fund, supporting the process of the Orthodox Church’s reclaiming of its temples, formerly appropriated by the Soviet government. The scientist also participated in the preservation of national minorities in danger of dying out while aiding the return to Russia of emigrated public and cultural figures.
In 1975 Likhachyov was one of the members of the Academy of Sciences who refused to sign a letter requesting the expulsion the famous scientist Andrey Sakharov from the Academy because of Sakharov’s public disapproval of the introduction of Soviet troops into Afghanistan.
Despite his busy social life, Likhachyov still spent a lot of time on scientific work. Focusing on Old Russian literature, he developed the concept of artistic time and space. In 1969 the researcher was awarded with the USSR State Prize for his work “Poetics of the Old Russian Literature.”
Dmitry Likhachov gained world recognition as a theorist of culture and as a publicist. In the 1980s he developed a concept that considered the problems of humanization and the reorientation of educational goals and ideas. The scientist viewed culture as a historical memory, as a process of accumulation, rather than consecutive changes. This was also the theoretical basis for Likhachov’s attention to ancient monuments, especially in architecture. Inspired by the works of Vladimir Vernadsky, Dmitry Likhachyov suggested the idea of a “homosphere”- a human sphere of the Earth. His original contribution to general science was also the development of a new discipline called the ecology of culture, which was defined as an essential sphere of human life.
One of the ideas of Likhachyov’s concept was the correlation between culture and nature. In his book “Poetics of the Gardens” (1982), park and garden art was for the first time considered as a semiotic reflection of major cultural and artistic styles and their corresponding ideologies.
Likhachyov thought about his life journey as a vertical movement, towards the heavenly home. The reflections of his experience as a person are written in the book “Reminiscences” (1995).
The last works by Dmitry Likhachyov gathered together his general ideas about his native country. The book “Thoughts About Russia,” completed in 1999, a few days before the author’s death, is devoted to Russia’s place in world history, its myths and its most characteristic features. The edition “Russian Culture” was published in 2000, after the writer’s death.
As a great scientist, Likhachyov was a foreign member of the Academies of Sciences of Bulgaria, Hungary and Serbia and a corresponding member of the Austrian, American, British, Italian and Göttingen Academies. In 1984 the minor planet 2877 was named after Likhachyov.
Dmitry Likhachyov died on 30 September 1999. He was married to Zinaida Makarova, who devoted her entire life to her husband. They had twin daughters, Vera and Lyudmila.
Likhachov graduated in 1928 from the Leningrad University. In the same year, he was arrested for his speech deploring the Bolshevik reform of Russian orthography. Deported to the Solovki Special Purpose Camp, he spent 5 years studying the "criminal folklore" as he termed it. Likhachov returned to Leningrad unbroken, and started his spectacular scholarly career in the Pushkin House (as the Russian Literature Institute is known), which spanned more than 60 years and saw the publication of more than 500 scholarly works. Likhachov didn't stop his work even during the Siege of Leningrad. He believed that Russia was an integral and indivisible part of European civilization, contrary to "Euroasiatic" views of Russia popular with Lev Gumilev, Boris Rybakov, and many other contemporaries. 
In 1953, Likhachov was admitted into the Soviet Academy of Sciences as a Corresponding Member. He defended Andrei Sakharov, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and other dissidents during their persecution by Soviet authorities. In 1986, he was elected the first President of the Russian Cultural Fund. In his 1980s and 1990s, he became more of a public figure, serving as an informal advisor to St. Petersburg Mayor Anatoly Sobchak and President Boris Yeltsin. In October 1993, he signed the Letter of Forty-Two. In the same year, he became the first person to be named an Honorary Citizen of St Petersburg. He also presided over the commission set up to prepare for Alexander Pushkin's bicentenary. A year before his death, Likhachov became the very first recipient of the reinstated Order of St. Andrew. The Likhachov Philanthropic Fund was set up by his daughter and George Soros in 2001.
Legacy.
A minor planet 2877 Likhachev discovered in 1969 by Soviet astronomer Lyudmila Chernykh is named after him.
Honours.
Medals

</doc>
<doc id="2847894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847894" title="Over My Shoulder (I Am Kloot song)">
Over My Shoulder (I Am Kloot song)

"Over My Shoulder" is I Am Kloot's highest charting single to date, reaching #38 on the UK charts in 2005. It preceded the album "Gods And Monsters" which charted lower than their previous album "I Am Kloot". The song itself was first released on the Wall of Sound compilation album "We Love You... So Love Us Too" and re-recorded for the "Gods and Monsters" album. The CD added two B-sides that were originally intended for the cancelled "Proof" single. 
"Great Escape" is John Bramwell performing on his own with his acoustic guitar, an old song from his solo Johnny Dangerously days and the final B-side "Junk Culture" is a band effort, once again an old Johnny Dangerously song updated. On the 7-inch vinyl single "Stop Taking Photographs" is a short solo acoustic performance by John Bramwell, in the vein of "No Fear of Falling" or "Astray". 
The CD included the video of the single, featuring John walking around Manchester landmarks (most with some reference to the band's background - Big Hands bar, Night & Day Café etc.), with a beer crate attached to his foot. As he often uses a crate in lieu of a guitar strap, could be interpreted as a knowing nod to their fans.
Track listing.
The single was released on three formats, one CD and two 7" singles. All songs written by John Harold Arnold Bramwell.

</doc>
<doc id="2847905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847905" title="Hinckley and Bosworth Council election, 2003">
Hinckley and Bosworth Council election, 2003

Elections to Hinckley and Bosworth Council were held on 1 May 2003. The whole council was up for election, with boundary changes having taken place since the last election in 1999. The Conservative Party took overall control of the council.

</doc>
<doc id="2847908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847908" title="Whitehaven, Ottawa">
Whitehaven, Ottawa

Whitehaven (also spelled White Haven) is a neighbourhood located in Bay Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Canada, about 10 kilometres west of downtown. It is bounded by Carling Avenue to the north, Fairlawn Avenue to the east, the OC Transpo Transitway to the west and highway 417 to the south. The population of the neighbourhood is about 2350 (2011 Census) 
Whitehaven was developed on the lands of Fox farm starting in the 1950s. The Fox farm homestead can still be found on Fox Crescent in the north part of the neighbourhood with its windmill tower now shaded by a large tree. Originally the east side of the neighbourhood was subdivided into large lots, typically 50 by 50 metres. In the 1960s, the west side was developed with smaller lots but mostly large custom homes. At the same time, many lots in the east side of the neighbourhood were subdivided and infill housing was built. Subdivisions have continued through to today, giving Whitehaven a very eclectic housing character. Whitehaven Crescent was built up throughout the mid 1960s as the area's namesake.
The south west side of the neighbourhood contains a large park with a playground, with schools including D. Roy Kennedy Public School and Woodroffe High School. In the 1960s there was also a public primary school which operated until 1999 called Whitehaven Public School. It was closed for a few years after much dispute and then was reopened and expanded as a French primary school, called Terre des Jeunes.
Whitehaven has plenty of transportation links, green space and shopping centres. The Carlingwood and Lincoln Fields shopping malls are within walking distance of the neighbourhood. Both shopping centres are serviced extensively by OC Transpo with Lincoln Fields being serviced by the Lincoln Fields Transit Station on the Transitway
Whitehaven is also connected locally to a network of bike paths with direct access to 
downtown Ottawa.

</doc>
<doc id="2847916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847916" title="Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano">
Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano

The Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano was the bank replacing the Banco Ambrosiano after its collapse. In 1989 the bank merged with the Banca Cattolica del Veneto to form the Banco Ambrosiano Veneto. In 1998 the latter bank formed the Banca Intesa together with the Cassa di Risparmio delle Provincie Lombarde (Cariplo).
Sources.
[http://www.michaelpage.com/client-profile/2162/1412/banca-intesa.html]

</doc>
<doc id="2847917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847917" title="10000000 (number)">
10000000 (number)

Ten million (10,000,000) is the natural number following 9999999 and preceding 10000001.
In scientific notation, it is written as 107.
In South Asia, it is known as the Crore.

</doc>
<doc id="2847918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847918" title="List of schools in Jamaica">
List of schools in Jamaica

This is a list of schools in Jamaica, public and private. It is believed to be compete for government run schools. It includes all private schools which are members of the Jamaica Independent Schools' Association but there may be others. It is ordered by parish.
For a list of Jamaican schools for which articles exist, see :Category:Schools in Jamaica.
Clarendon.
Brown's Basic
Foga High
Kingston and Saint Andrew.
Woodford Preparatory
SOS Hermann Gmeiner School (Basic & Preparatory)
Saint James.
Reading Preparatory
Heinz-
Trelawny.
Falmouth SDA prep school

</doc>
<doc id="2847922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847922" title="Port of Savannah">
Port of Savannah

The Port of Savannah is a major U. S. seaport located at Savannah, Georgia. Its extensive facilities for oceangoing vessels line both sides of the Savannah River approximately from the Atlantic Ocean. Operated by the Georgia Ports Authority (GPA), the Port of Savannah competes primarily with the Port of Charleston in Charleston, South Carolina to the northeast, and the Port of Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida to the south. The GPA operates one other Atlantic seaport in Georgia, the Port of Brunswick, located at Brunswick, Georgia, as well as two interior ports linked to the Gulf of Mexico, Port Bainbridge and Port Columbus. 
Between 2000 and 2005 alone, the Port of Savannah was the fastest-growing seaport in the United States, with a compounded annual growth rate of 16.5 percent (the national average is 9.7 percent). 
On July 30, 2007, the GPA announced that the Port of Savannah had a record year in fiscal 2007, becoming the fourth-busiest and fastest-growing container terminal in the U. S. The GPA handled more than of container traffic during fiscal 2007 – a 14.5 percent increase and a new record for containers handled at the Port of Savannah. In the past five years, the port's container traffic has jumped 55 percent from handled in fiscal 2003 to in fiscal 2007.
Maersk Line.
On April 10, 2007, Maersk Line reported that the port has added the Port of Savannah to its MECL2 service. With the addition, Arlington, Va.-based Maersk Line now has five services calling on the Port of Savannah. The MECL2 service will increase Savannah's trade with India, the Middle East and the Mediterranean basin. In 2006, Maersk Line and the GPA signed a twenty-year agreement that would make the Port of Savannah one of its primary ports of call in the South Atlantic. "In response to the needs of our customers, who have long sought a weekly U. S. direct service from southern India, we are pleased to introduce this unique service to enhance Savannah's port," a Maersk spokesperson said. "Our goal is to reduce transit time between the two destinations by as much as four days, while also providing expanded port coverage, optimal sailing frequency and unmatched schedule integrity." The MECL2 service provides direct service from Chennai/Madras, India, providing southern India with a direct link to and from the U. S. It also allows Chennai/Madras to act as transshipment hub for cargo to and from Visakhapatnam, Calcutta/Haldia, and Bangladesh. MECL2 also provides improved service reliability in the Middle East and the Indian subcontinent. "We appreciate Maersk Line's confidence in the Georgia Ports Authority's facilities and services by selecting Savannah as the MECL2 service's first port of call on the U. S. East Coast," said Doug J. Marchand, executive director of the GPA.
Suez Express and East Coast Savannah Express.
On June 5, 2007, APL announced that it will soon have two new all-water services to the Port of Savannah, one via the Suez Canal and one via the Panama Canal. The weekly Suez Express (SZX) will provide increased capacity via Savannah to and from India and Southeast Asia, deploying eight vessels. The SZX, which will originate in Singapore, calls on Colombo, Sri Lanka, before Savannah and then returns via Jebel Ali, Port Kelang and then Singapore. It will take just twenty-five days for the SZX service to transit from Singapore to Savannah. The weekly East Coast Savannah Express (ESX), will provide increased capacity between south and central China and Savannah. The ESX will offer a transit time of just twenty-two days from Hong Kong to Savannah, making this service the fastest available to the U.S. East Coast. The ESX will originate in Ningbo then call on Shanghai, Chiwan, Hong Kong, Panama and then Savannah, New York, Norfolk, Panama and back to Ningbo. "These new services are a direct result of the Georgia Ports Authority's successful efforts to stay ahead of the growth curve and invest in terminal improvements and expansion," said Doug J. Marchand, executive director of the Georgia Ports Authority. "The ability of South Atlantic ports to accommodate future growth both in terminal capacity and with nearby acreage for distribution centers is a very real issue for our customers. Savannah continues to be the nation's fastest-growing container port."

</doc>
<doc id="2847925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847925" title="Lake of No Return">
Lake of No Return

Lake of No Return (Nawng Yang in Burmese) body of water in Burma, lying in the area of the Pangsau Pass (3727') on the India-Burma border south of Pangsau (also called "Pansaung") village. The lake is 1.4 km in length and 0.8 km in width in its widest part. It is located 2.5 km to the SW of the Ledo Road, formerly called Stilwell Road, the road the Western Allies started building in 1942 to supply the Chinese armies of Chiang Kai-shek.
The area is home to the Tangsa tribe. Since the improvement of relations between India and Burma, the lake has come to play a part in the development of tourism in the nearby Indian Changlang District, which borders on Burma.
Legends.
The most common account of the origin of the lake's name is the one told, for instance, on the Changlang District's website (the district is in Arunachal Pradesh, India), which speculates that the name is due to the number of Allied aircraft (on their approach to The Hump) which crashlanded in it during World War II, a story repeated in both the Indian press and in Indian fiction. American sources repeat that account, for instance in the 2008 book by Brendan I. Koerner, "Now the Hell Will Start: One Soldier's Flight from the Greatest Manhunt of World War II", about the life of Herman Perry, a U.S. serviceman working on the Ledo Road who fled into the jungle and ended up marrying into the Naga tribe (of which the Tangsa are a subset): "The Americans called it the Lake of No Return, on account of all the crashed planes concealed in its depths."
At least three more stories explain the name. The second has it that a group of Japanese soldiers returning from battle lost their way and ended up at the lake. There, they were stricken by malaria and died and hence it is called the Lake of No Return. According to a third story, US Army soldiers, working on the Ledo Road, were sent to examine the lake and got trapped by the undergrowth and perished trying to escape. A fourth story says this "is the 'lake of no return' retreating British troops in 1942 got lost in quicksand." Adding myth to legend, one author claims he has encountered the name on a document written by one of the Ten Lost Tribes of Israel, which he claims still hides out in the area.
The lake still maintains its reputation; the Indian newspaper The Telegraph reported, in a story on the possible reopening of the Ledo Road in 2007, that "close by is the Lake of No Return — the local Bermuda Triangle. According to folklore, aircraft that fly over the lake never return." The lake's reputation is advertised in hopes of making the area more attractive to tourists: "Who knows, the ‘Indian’ Bermuda Triangle might just turn out to be the next tourist-puller of the region."
In a recent article Joydeep Sircar has claimed to have solved the 'mystery' behind the Lake of No Return, which he visited in 2002. According to him, none of the legends associated with the name have any basis in fact.

</doc>
<doc id="2847929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847929" title="Yolande Fox">
Yolande Fox

Yolande Betbeze Fox (born 1929 in Mobile, Alabama) was Miss America in 1951.
Early Life.
Yolande Betbeze was born in 1929 to William, a butcher, and Ethel Betbeze of Mobile. Betbeze was raised in a strict Catholic family with Basque origins and was educated in a convent school. 
Career.
She captured her first crown in 1949 when she won Mobile's "Miss Torch" pageant. In 1951, Betbeze traveled to Atlantic City, New Jersey, to compete in the Miss America pageant. Fox (then Betbeze) entered Miss Alabama for the scholarship opportunities the pageant presented. Having been educated in a convent school, she was reluctant to pose in a swimsuit and refused to do so after she won Miss America. That led the swim suit company, Catalina, to withdraw their sponsorship of the Miss America pageant and eventually brought about the creation of the rival Miss USA pageant.
The Miss America Organization has claimed that Fox's (then Betbeze's) actions were pivotal in directing pageant progress towards recognizing intellect, values, and leadership abilities, rather than focusing on beauty alone. From then on the Miss America pageant concentrated more on scholarship than beauty.
Fox has been active in the feminist movement. After her one-year reign as Miss America, Betbeze served as an ambassador to Paris, was active in the NAACP, CORE (Congress of Racial Equality), and SANE (The Committee for a SANE Nuclear Policy), and studied philosophy at the New School for Social Research in New York City.
Fox was an opera singer and did gain a reputation in that area. She continued to sing, appearing with the Mobile Opera Guild (now the Mobile Opera), and helped found an off-Broadway theater.
Personal Life.
She was occasionally seen "dating" baseballer Joe Dimaggio, although it was later revealed they were only close friends. She married Matthew Fox and they had one daughter. After her husband's death, she moved to Georgetown, Washington, D.C. where she was part of a fun-loving and elite crowd called "The Swing Set." She had a relationship with Cherif Guellal until his death. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847931" title="Deeper (Delirious? album)">
Deeper (Delirious? album)

Deeper: The D:finitive Worship Experience is a compilation album by the band Delirious?.

</doc>
<doc id="2847934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847934" title="WJMH">
WJMH

WJMH, ""102 JAMZ,"" is a mainstream urban-leaning rhythmic contemporary FM radio station serving the Piedmont Triad region, with a hip hop-intense playlist. It broadcasts at 102.1 MHz with 99,000 watts of power and is licensed to serve Reidsville, North Carolina. Owned by Entercom, the station's studios are located near the Piedmont Triad International Airport in Greensboro, and a transmitter site is near Stokesdale, North Carolina.
Early history (1947-1988).
The radio station now known as 102 JAMZ was originally located in Reidsville, North Carolina, a simulcast of sister station WREV (1220 AM). In 1947, William Manton Oliver, Sr., at that time owner of the local newspaper ("The Reidsville Review"), applied to the FCC for a permit to construct an FM radio station under the AM's corporate name, Reidsville Broadcasting Company, Inc. After operating for a time under a Construction Permit, the station's license was granted September 6, 1948. At that time, FM was still new and somewhat experimental. Almost all radio listening was shared among AM radio stations. Mr. Oliver's primary purpose for constructing the station was a desire to provide high school football coverage to Reidsville listeners, as WREV (AM) was not allowed to remain on the air after sunset. For almost twenty years, the same programming was carried on both WREV-AM and WREV-FM. The WREV simulcast ended in 1966, when Oliver's son, William Manton Oliver, Jr. began to handle day to day operations. WREV-FM became a Christian radio station and assumed the new call letters, WWMO. On September 10, 1977, by chance the day of William Manton Oliver Sr.'s funeral, WREV-FM was sold to new owner George Beasley, a former high school principal.
Late in 1986, Beasley began construction of a new tall tower, near the Guilford/Rockingham county line and moved the facility to new studios in Greensboro, NC. Upon completion of construction, with a new, much stronger signal in place, the former Reidsville-only station first actively attempted to reach the Greensboro-Winston-Salem-High Point metropolitan area. The new "BIG 102" took the WBIG call letters, recently abandoned by Greensboro's oldest radio station, (an AM facility that "went dark" turning in its broadcasting license to the FCC and leaving the air permanently), hired some of WBIG-AM's personalities and debuted as a country music station, late in March, 1987. BIG 102's debut was preceded by a computerized countdown created by Dan Robins, who in 1994 was corporate product manager of Smart Computers and Software in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
WBIG's initial Arbitron ratings were fairly strong, but settled back over time. Through the four ratings "books" in 1988, the station's 12+ "shares" (a measure of the percentage of listeners aged 12 and older) were 4.9, 5.0, 4.4 and 3.8. Through that same year, competitor WTQR achieved shares of 18.6, 17.5, 18.1 and 16.8. Billy Buck, a former WTQR DJ who later moved to WLVK and then WFMX, was nominated for Country Music Association Broadcast Personality of the Year in 1988.
History as 102 JAMZ.
On January 1, 1989, Beasley abandoned the country battle, flipping the format to "Churban" and changing the station's call letters and name. WJMH "102 JAMZ" was consulted by Jerry Clifton, who specialized in multi-ethnic programming (in Miami, Detroit, Orlando, Dallas, Philadelphia and other markets). Under original Program Director Chris Bailey, 102 JAMZ showed a 12+ Arbitron share of 7.7 in their first ratings book, as compared to rival Power 97's 4.1.
Under Bailey, and 102 JAMZ' second PD, Brian Douglas, 102 JAMZ continued to outrank Power 97 in the 12+ ratings, but especially with Men and Women aged 18 to 34 and with teenaged listeners (Douglas joined 102 JAMZ in September, 1990 and remains Program Director at the present time). 102 JAMZ and Power 97 continued to compete head-on until September, 1996. At that time, new owner Max Media moved WQMG in a much more adult direction, as Black-targeted Urban Adult Contemporary 97.1 QMG and 102 JAMZ began working with Steve Smith Radio and Ratings Consultants (Smith had guided Hot 97 WQHT New York's transition from dance to a more Hip Hop and R&B mix as Hot 97's Program Director in 1993 and 1994).
From its inception, 102 JAMZ featured a strong percentage of Rap and, by 1992, was perhaps the first radio station to be targeted exclusively toward 18-24 year old African-Americans. "Urban", or Black-targeted stations of the time, typically attempted to reach a broader demographic, concentrating focus on the lucrative 25 to 54 year old market. Therefore, rap music was typically relegated to weekend mix shows, limited to airplay during the evenings only or, in many cases, not played at all.
The station achieved success with younger listeners across the spectrum (White, Hispanic, etc.), building on music for college-aged listeners, foreground "personalities", regular hip hop-oriented Mix Shows, interactive cash contests and activity "on the streets". Breaking lifestyle news and events in hip hop music played a key role on the station from the early days, as well.
102 JAMZ reports weekly playlist information to Mediabase as a Rhythmic CHR and to BDS as an R&B/Hip-Hop reporter. The station's playlist is mostly focused on the Hip-Hop/Rap genre, leaving some current R&B to Urban AC sister WQMG and more pop-leaning Rhythmic product to Clear Channel Communications's 105.7 Now.
102 JAMZ' SuperJam.
102 JAMZ' annual summer concert happens each year in late June, featuring primarily hip hop artists. The station's debut summer show, SuperJam I, took place Friday night, June 20, 1997, at Greensboro Coliseum with an audience of 20,000 and featured Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, Junior M.A.F.I.A., Lil' Kim, OutKast, Lost Boyz, SWV, Freak Nasty and others. Successive annual SuperJams have included artists such as Jay-Z, Ludacris, Diddy, Young Jeezy, T-Pain, Rick Ross, Busta Rhymes, T.I., Ja Rule, Three 6 Mafia, J. Cole, LL Cool J, Fat Joe, Petey Pablo, Slick Rick and Doug E. Fresh, Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz, Nas, Wale, Cam'Ron, Trina, Big Pun, Lloyd, Redman, Omarion, Ying Yang Twins, 112, Trick Daddy, Da Brat, Dem Franchize Boyz, Dru Hill, N.O.R.E., Bow Wow, Ashanti, Elephant Man, Jermaine Dupri, DJ Kool, Chingy and Jagged Edge. SuperJam and the 102 JAMZ Birthday Bash, held each Jam-Uary, are hosted by the 102 JAMZ airstaff, with music provided by the 102 JAMZ Mix Squad.
Former 102 JAMZ personalities.
Personalities over the years have included Busta Brown, now with area television station WXII-12, Shilynne Cole, Program Director and mid-day host for 97.1 QMG (WQMG), Madd Hatta, morning host at Houston's 97.9 The Boxx (KBXX), Afrika Perry, afternoon talent at Miami's Power 96 (WPOW), The Bushman, afternoons at FM 98 (WJLB), Detroit, Mary K, longtime Program Director and Mid Day talent at 95.7 JAMZ (WBHJ) in Birmingham and now Program Director for both Hot 98.1 (WHZT) and 107.3 JAMZ (WJMZ-FM), Greenville, SC, Kendall B, morning co-host at Denver's KS 107.5 (KQKS) and Boogie D, Operations Manager of Hot 104.1 (WHHL) and Urban Adult Contemporary Old School 95.5 (WFUN-FM), St. Louis.
Other well-known personalities included Terrence J, co-anchor of E! News and former host of BET's 106 & Park, broadcast "voice-over" talents George "Apollo" Fetherbay, owner of radio commercial production house Apollo Productions and The Jammer, owner of Larry Davis Voiceover, Traci LaTrelle, Music Director and air talent at WHUR, Washington, D.C., Baby J, afternoon host at Columbus, GA's Foxie 105 (WFXE), Sammy Mack, air personality at K-104 (KKDA), Dallas and Big Lip Bandit, morning host at Power 96, Miami.
The late Tre Black, known as Tre Bien while with 102 JAMZ, went on to great success in New York City, Los Angeles and Detroit before his untimely death of a heart attack in March, 2010. Other alumni, not active in radio at this time, include Dr. Michael Lynn, Hannah's Baby Boy Stu, Tanya, Mario Devoe, Mic Foxx and former morning show co-host Amos Quick, now a Guilford County school board member, and pastor of Calvary Baptist Church in High Point.
Present personality lineup.
Today, 102 JAMZ features the Wild Out Wakeup Show, starring Kyle Santillian and B-Daht in the mornings, 6 to 10 a.m., followed by Delyte from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. (featuring the 20 Minute Workout), Big Tap Money from 3 to 7 p.m. (with the 5:00 ReMix), Waleed Coyote from 7 p.m. to midnight (featuring the Five Most Wanted countdown at 8 p.m., plus the 10:00 Banger), and Big Mo, midnight to 6 a.m.
Weekend personalities include Akimi Starr, Showdown, Brian B, Roxie, Chris "Sho Smoove" Lea, Vida J, KB and Slim City.
Horse Raney is the station's Promotions and Marketing Director, responsible for coordinating on-air contesting and promotions, street appearances and the promotional aspects of 102 JAMZ' Social Media outlets.
Over the last fifteen to twenty years, it has become common for radio stations to carry "packaged" programming, syndicated, pre-recorded or voice tracked. All 102 JAMZ programming is live, local, and in "real time", 24 hours daily, seven days a week.
Special programming.
102 JAMZ does regular Mix Squad Weekends (with all music mixed), Throwback Weekends (featuring older hip hop), Twin Spin Weekends (with sets of music from particular artists), etc. The station also does tributes to major artists on their birthdays, presents occasional retrospectives on fallen artists such as Notorious B.I.G. and 2Pac, etc.
The 102 JAMZ Mix Squad is regularly out in front. J-Flex is on the turntables for the 5:00 ReMix, weekdays at 5 p.m. and on Hip Hop 102, Friday nights from 10 to 2. DJ DeRon Juan does the 10:00 Banger, Monday through Wednesday evenings at 10 and DJ Deluxe covers a two-hour expanded 10:00 Banger on Thursday nights. DJ Polo handles the 20 Minute Workout, featuring Old School Hip Hop, weekdays at noon, DJ MC covers the Breakfast Mix, weekday mornings at 9 a.m., while DJ Ern is on Smash City, Saturday Nights from 10 to 2. DJ Lil Vegas mixes on the Sunday Night Heat at 10:00, and Ena Pop and DJ Diesel fill in on all mix shows. Sunday nights at 11:00, Reggae Jamz features DJ Statixx. All Mix Squad shows are aired live. The station carries no syndicated (nationally produced and pre-recorded) mix programming.
In addition to the station's music-oriented special programming, Morning personality Kyle Santillian hosts a live, interactive two-hour community affairs show, called Straight Talk, Sunday mornings at 6. 
Ownership history.
WJMH has been operated by five different owners through the years, originally (1947) by Reidsville Broadcasting Company, Inc., in 1977 as the first station in the company now known as Beasley Broadcasting, in 1996 by Max Media, in 1998 by Sinclair Broadcasting and, from late 1999 to the present, by Entercom Communications Corp.

</doc>
<doc id="2847939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847939" title="George Harris (theologian)">
George Harris (theologian)

George Harris (1844 – 1922) was an American College president. He was born at East Machias, Me., and graduated from Amherst College in 1866 and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1869. He was the second Senior Minister at Central Congregational Church in Providence. From 1883 to 1899, he was professor of Christian theology at Andover Theological Seminary and from 1899 to 1911 president of Amherst College. 
He is author of "Moral Evolution", (1896) and "Inequality and Progress", (1897). He was one of the editors of the "Andover Review" from 1884-93.
He was married on December 24, 1873 in Providence, Rhode Island to Jane Anthony Viall. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847943" title="Corra May Harris">
Corra May Harris

Corra Mae Harris (March 17, 1869 – February 7, 1935), was an American writer and journalist.
Biography.
Corra Harris was born Corra Mae White in Elbert County, Georgia. Her formal education was limited to teacher training at nearby female academies, though she never graduated from any of the schools she attended. In 1887 she married Methodist minister and educator Lundy Howard Harris (1858–1910). They had one child survive to adulthood, a daughter she named Faith (1887–1919). For roughly two decades Harris struggled through various personal tragedies, including a troubled marriage; the loss through death of two infant sons; scandal and humiliation surrounding the abandonment, betrayal, and return of her husband in 1898 and his public confessions of adultery; the financial destitution resulting from the loss of his teaching position at Emory College; his suicide in 1910; her daughter’s death in 1919; and her sister’s death shortly after that. Harris remained a widow until her death 25 years after her husband’s. She outlived her daughter by 16 years.
Corra Harris was, for a time, the most widely known woman from the state of Georgia. Her literary reputation during her life, and her legacy since, are connected with "A Circuit Rider’s Wife" published in 1910. Reputedly autobiographical, the novel is at most a spiritual autobiography, with little else that resembles her actual life. She wrote more than two dozen books, nineteen of which were published. Two were autobiographies, one a travel journal, and two became feature length movies, the best known was "I’d Climb The Highest Mountain", released in 1951 and inspired by, "A Circuit Rider’s Wife". She published over 200 articles and short stories, and well over a thousand book reviews. She was one of the first women war correspondents to go abroad in World War I. She lived the last two decades of her life at the place she named In the Valley in Bartow County, Georgia where she was living in 1935 when she died at the age of 65. She wrote lovingly of "The Valley" where she lived as early as 1914.
Although she became famous for her fiction, Harris's reputation for reactionary conservatism lasted throughout her life and became part of her contradictory legacy. Such a reputation resulted in part from her first nationally published piece in 1899. After the lynching of Thomas Wilkes, alias Sam Hose, near Newnan, Georgia, William Hayes Ward, editor-in-chief at the "Independent", published an editorial denouncing the act. Harris wrote and the "Independent" published "A Southern Woman's View," a reply upholding the southern practice of lynching with reasoning anti-lynching activist Ida B. Wells-Barnett (Ida B. Wells) called "threadbare", namely to protect innocent white women from malevolent black men. Editors at the "Independent" asked Harris for more, which launched her writing career. Afterward she wrote several non-fiction essays on southern identity that furthered conventional images of southerners during the first decade of the century. They also tied her reputation then and after to regional apologia (apologists), an image that belies the complexity of her body of work.
After "A Circuit Rider's Wife" was published in 1910, Harris wrote and published prolifically, both fiction and non-fiction, throughout the nineteen-teens. During the 1920s, her most successful works were two autobiographies published in the middle of the decade. By the early 1930s Harris's publishing was limited largely though not exclusively to the local. The last four years of her life, from 1931–1935, she published what critics have called some of her best writing in a tri-weekly "Candlelit Column" in the "Atlanta Journal". Some critics have dismissed Harris's fiction as domestic or sentimental, but others find nuanced social and cultural critique in her works, especially of the South's gender and racial mores.
Harris died in Atlanta February 7, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="2847944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847944" title="List of schools in the Dominican Republic">
List of schools in the Dominican Republic


</doc>
<doc id="2847945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847945" title="100000000 (number)">
100000000 (number)

One hundred million (100,000,000) is the natural number following 99999999 and preceding 100000001.
In scientific notation, it is written as 108.
East Asian languages treat 100,000,000 as a counting unit, significant as the square of a myriad, also a counting unit. In Chinese, Japanese, and Korean respectively it is "yì" (億) (or "wànwàn" [萬萬] in ancient texts), "oku" (億), and "eok" (억/億). These languages do not have single words for a thousand to the second, third, fifth power, etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="2847947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847947" title="Chapin A. Harris">
Chapin A. Harris

Chapin Aaron Harris A.M., MD, D.D.S. (May 6, 1806 in Pompey, N.Y. – September 29, 1860 in Baltimore, Maryland) was an American physician and dentist and dentistry school founder.
Education.
At the age of 17 Harris studied medicine in Madison, Ohio, in the office of his brother, Dr. John Harris, who also tutored him in dentistry, a subject which become his main interest. He subsequently passed the Board of Medical Censors in 1824 and was licensed to practice medicine. He soon commenced practice in Greenfield, Ohio, where he remained for about one year, travelling to Bloomfield, Ohio, then Fredericksburg, Virginia. In 1828, Dr. Harris turned to full-time dentistry, and by 1833 was a student of Dr. Horace Henry Hayden located in Baltimore, Maryland. Licensed by the Medical and Chirurgical Faculty of Maryland, Harris conducted an itinerant dental practice throughout the South, before settling permanently in Baltimore in 1835.
Harris received the honorary M. D. degree from Washington Medical College at Baltimore, in which he was a professor in 1838. Shurtleff College in Alton, Illinois, conferred an A.M. degree on him in 1842. His D.D.S. was obtained through membership of the American Society of Dental Surgery, and an honorary D.D.S. degree was conferred upon him by the Philadelphia Dental College in 1854.
Achievements.
Harris is considered one of the founding members of the profession of Dentistry in the United States of America, father of American dental science, and a pioneer of dental journalism. He has been inducted in the hall of fame of the Pierre Fauchard Academy.
Contribution to dental literature.
As early as 1835 Harris became an active contributor to medical and periodical literature as one of the most vigorous and productive dental writers, causing him to be regarded as the founder of dental literature in the US. He was also a contributor to medical and periodical literature.
First national dental organization.
In 1840 he was the first to respond to the call of Dr. Horace Henry Hayden to organize the American Society of Dental Surgeons (ASDS). At a meeting at the home of Solyman Brown BA, MA, MD,DDS, in New York, it was on his motion that the convention to organize a society "resolved that a National Society be formed." He was its first corresponding secretary and its president in 1844. After the disruption of the society in 1856 due to the dental amalgam controversy, he was one of the foremost organizers of its successor, the American Dental Convention, serving as its president in 1856–57. In 1859, a year before his death, another national dental organization, the American Dental Association, was established during a meeting in Niagara, New York. Before 1861 dentists were participant in both dental organizations, which promoted education and research in all aspects of dentistry, including dental materials and remained active throughout the American Civil War (1861–1865). However, during the war, Southern dentists withdrew from them and, in 1869 established the Southern Dental Association. The Southern Dental Association merged with the ADA in 1897 to form the National Dental Association (NDA). The NDA was renamed the American Dental Association (ADA) in 1922.
First dental college in the United States.
With the assistance and advice of three other physicians, he worked tirelessly to establish the first dental school in the world. Apparently his initial attempt was to establish a dental training school attached to the Medical Department of the University of Maryland. This first attempt did not meet with success, possibly due to the opposition of Dr. H. Willis Baxley, one of the dental faculty.
Undaunted, Harris persevered in his efforts, and during the winter of 1839–40, almost singlehandedly he gathered the signatures of representative citizens for a petition to the legislature of the state of Maryland for the incorporation of a College of Dental Surgery at Baltimore. Surmounting the opposition of jealous medical rivals, he successfully managed to obtain the charter and with the aid of Horace Henry Hayden, Thomas E. Bond, H. Willis Baxley, S. Brown, E. Parmly and others, he organized the Baltimore College of Dental Surgery in 1840. He was the school's first dean and professor of practical dentistry. After Hayden's death in 1844, he became the school's second president.
The establishment of the Baltimore College of Dental Surgery is seen as one of the three crucial steps in the foundation of the dental profession in the United States. "" A true profession is built upon a tripod: a formal organization, formal professional education, and a formal scientific literature. The United States was the leader in all three. In 1839–40, the American Society of Dental Surgeons was organized, the Baltimore College of Dental Surgery was established, and the first dental journal in the world, the American Journal of Dental Science, was founded. At that time there were only about three hundred trained and scientific dentists in the entire country; the rest were relatively untrained operators, outright quacks, or charlatans. In 1898, a list of the first subscribers to the first journal was discovered and published by G. V. Black. These initial subscribers may be considered the core group of truly professional American dentists. They became the leaders of the newly born profession of dentistry. "" Harris was instrumental in all three.
Harris died on September 29, 1860, due mainly to overwork.

</doc>
<doc id="2847954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847954" title="Luis Perea">
Luis Perea

Luis Perea is the name of three Colombian footballers:

</doc>
<doc id="2847955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847955" title="Midlands Gold">
Midlands Gold

Midlands Gold Westmeath is an Independent Local Radio service in Ireland, broadcasting to County Westmeath. It is an opt-out from Midlands 103 (formerly Midlands Radio 3), the ILR contractor for counties Westmeath. Laois, and Offaly, and broadcasts from studios in Athlone (95.4FM) and Mullingar (96.5FM). It is operated as part of Midlands 103's sound broadcasting contract from the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland.
Its studios are located in:
It is a community-driven local radio service for the people of county Westmeath.

</doc>
<doc id="2847960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847960" title="Electric mandolin">
Electric mandolin

The electric mandolin is an instrument tuned and played as the mandolin and amplified in similar fashion to an electric guitar.
As with electric guitars, electric mandolins take many forms:
History.
Electric mandolins were built in the United States as early as the late 1920s. Among the first companies to produce them were Stromberg-Voisinet, Electro (which later became Rickenbacker), Vivi-Tone, and National Reso-Phonic. Gibson and Vega introduced their electric mandolins in 1936.
In the United States, luthier/inventor Paul Bigsby began building solidbody electric mandolins (technically, they consisted of a solid wood core housing the electronics, with hollow wings forming the body) in 1949. His first one had 10 strings and was built for Al Giddings. Other Bigsby electric mandolin players were multi-instrumentalist Paul Buskirk, Johnny Muessig and Eschol Cosby. Bigsby's most famous mandolin, built in 1952, was owned and played by Western swing musician Tiny Moore. This instrument had 5 single courses rather than the more common four double courses, and was patterned after a similar instrument built by Jim Harvey of La Jolla, California, for a player named Scotty Broyles. Gibson and Rickenbacker introduced solidbody 8-string mandolins in the 1950s, while Fender followed the single-course idea with its 4-string version. 
Since the 1970s, hundreds of individual luthiers have built electric mandolins. Kevin Schwab of Minneapolis, who has built them since 1982, is one of the most prolific and successful; his Telecaster-style instruments are widely considered to be among the most desirable and influential.
A related instrument, the Bahian guitar, was developed in Brazil beginning in the 1940s. Bahian guitars typically have a solid body and 4 or 5 single-course strings tuned in fifths, but are considered to be electric versions of the cavaquinho rather than the mandolin.
Solid Body Electric Mandolins.
Both four string single course and eight string double course solid body mandolins have been produced by several makers, as well as five string single course models.
From 1956 to 1976, Fender produced a four string version which they simply called the "Fender Electric Mandolin". Its body shape was based on a smaller version of the Stratocaster body. They currently produce an eight string semi-acoustic electric mandolin with a very similar body shape. They also currently produce a revived version of the "Fender Electric Mandolin" concept, called "Mando-Strat"; both the 4-string replica and an 8-string version are available.
Gibson manufactured the EM-200 solid body electric mandolin from 1954 to 1971. They currently produce a solid body mandolin known as the Mandobird, based on a smaller version of the Gibson Firebird body and sold under the "Epiphone" label. Both four and eight string versions are available.
The Mid-Missouri Mandolin Company produced two models, the "EM-4" and "EM-8", with carved top bodies and four and eight strings respectively. Blue Star produces four and five string models under the name "Mandoblaster". Jbovier produces four and five string "EMC" electric mandolins, which resemble the Fender electric mandolins, and a four string "ELS" electric mandolin. EMC stands for Electric Mandocaster and ELS stands for Electric Leo Smith. 
Players.
While the electric mandolin has increased in popularity along with its acoustic cousin, there are still relatively few recordings featuring it as a lead instrument on more than a song or two. The following artists have issued full-length recordings prominently featuring an electric mandolin throughout:

</doc>
<doc id="2847966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847966" title="San Petronio Basilica">
San Petronio Basilica

The Basilica of San Petronio is the main church of Bologna, Emilia Romagna, northern Italy. It dominates the Piazza Maggiore. It is the fifteenth largest church in the world, stretching for 132 meters in length and 66 meters in width, while the vault reaches 45 meters inside and 51 meters in the facade. 
The basilica is dedicated to the patron saint of the city, Saint Petronius, who was the bishop of Bologna in the fifth century. The construction was a communal project of Bologna, not of the bishops: The property was a symbol of communal power that was not transferred from the city to the diocese until 1929; the basilica was finally consecrated in 1954. It has been the seat of the relics of Bologna's patron saint only since 2000; until then they were preserved in the Santo Stefano church of Bologna.
Architecture.
Following a council decree of 1388, the first stone of construction was laid June 7, 1390, when the town council entrusted Antonio di Vincenzo with raising a Gothic cathedral. Works lasted for several centuries: after the completion of the first version of the facade, in 1393 the first pair of side chapels were begun. The series were completed only in 1479.
However, in 1514 Arduino degli Arriguzzi proposed a revised plan in the form of a Latin cross with the intent to outdo even Saint Peter's Basilica of Rome, the greatest church of the Western Christian world even in its ancient version. According to tradition, Pope Pius IV halted such a majestic project.
The facing of the main facade remains unfinished: many architects (notably Baldassarre Peruzzi, Vignola, Andrea Palladio and Alberto Alberti) were commissioned to propose solutions for it, but a definitive one was never found. Jacopo della Quercia of Siena enriched the main doorway with sculptures ("illustrated, left") and two new small flanking doorways, with subjects taken from the Old Testament, forming a traditional prelude to the new dispensation that is represented by the basilica itself. The heroic nudes of Adam and other figures in the rectangular bas-relief panels were an inspiration to artists of the Renaissance.
Interior.
The interior houses a "Madonna with Saints" by Lorenzo Costa the Younger and a "Pietà" by Amico Aspertini. Also the colours of the walls and the stained glass windows are noteworthy. The choir was made in 15th century by Agostino de' Marchi, while the ciborium is a work by Vignola.
Jacopo Barozzi da Vignola was chief architect of the "fabbrica"; his is the design of the ciborium over the altar. The vaulting and decoration of the central nave is by Girolamo Rainaldi, who completed them in 1646-1658. The twenty-two chapels are the following:
Music.
Bologna was a principal center of Baroque music in Italy. The musical organization had been officially instituted by Pope Eugenius IV in 1436; the first regularly paid instrumentalists were added in the late sixteenth century, and in the seventeenth century San Petronio was renowned for its sacred instrumental and choral music, with its two great organs, completed in 1476 and 1596, both still in remarkably original condition; the library remains a rich archival repository. Three successive "maestri di cappella" marked the great age of music at San Petronio: Maurizio Cazzati (1657–71), Giovanni Paolo Colonna (1674–95) and Giacomo Antonio Perti (1696–1756). The current maestro, since 1996, is the harpsichordist Sergio Vartolo who has revitalized the cappella with a series of recordings for Naxos.
Cassini's Sundial.
The church hosts also a sundial in the form of a meridian line inlaid in the paving of the left aisle in 1655; it was calculated and designed by the famous astronomer Giovanni Domenico Cassini, who was teaching astronomy at the University: at 66.8 meters it is the longest sundial in the world, allowing measurements that were for the time uniquely precise; Cassini and Domenico Guglielmini published an illustrated account of how the meridian was accomplished in 1695.
Notable events.
Middle Ages.
Pope Clement VII chose it for the coronation of Charles V in 1530.
Elisa Bonaparte, Napoleone Bonaparte's sister, is buried here.
Modern terrorist attacks.
In 2002, five men who it was believed were connected to Al Qaeda and were planning to blow up the building, were arrested. Again in 2006, plans by Muslim terrorists to destroy the Basilica were thwarted by Italian police. The terrorists claimed that a 15th-century fresco inside was insulting to Islam. The fresco, painted by Giovanni da Modena, depicts Muhammad in Hell being devoured by demons.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="2847968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847968" title="On-ride camera">
On-ride camera

An on-ride camera is a camera mounted alongside the track of a roller coaster, log flume or other thrill ride that automatically photographs all of the riders on each passing vehicle. They are often mounted at the most intense or fastest part of the ride, resulting in humorously distorted expressions due to fear or wind resistance. The pictures are then available for viewing and purchase as a souvenir.
Upon exiting the ride, park guests pass a booth or shop where their vehicle's pictures are on display screens. Depending on the size of the vehicle used by the attraction, the entire car or groups of one, two, or four may comprise one photograph. The display images are numbered, and customers wishing to purchase a photo take the appropriate number to a cashier. This photo shop may be located in the same building as the displays or in a separate shop nearby. Many parks offer minimal editing tools (such as red-eye effect removal) before purchase. The photo is usually ready within minutes of purchase. Single prints in varying sizes are available, provided in cardboard folio bearing the name of the park or ride. Often specialty products, such as posters, keychains or t-shirts, are available also.
An unusual camera configuration can be found on the hydraulically launched roller coasters Top Thrill Dragster at Cedar Point and Kingda Ka at Six Flags Great Adventure. Both have two cameras, one during the high-speed launch segment and another at the final brake run, providing riders with a before and after picture of themselves on those harrowing rides. Another unusual configuration is Hydra the Revenge at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom. The ride features two cameras, one takes your picture before a loop and the other takes a picture while the rider is upside-down. Hydra the Revenge is also the only roller coaster to take a picture while the rider is upside down.
Video.
A relatively new trend in the industry is on-ride video cameras. On some rides, on-ride videos are recorded by cameras mounted alongside the track, similar to on-ride photo cameras. This provides a third person montage-style of cuts which show the train entering, passing through and then leaving the frame. One such ride using this system is SheiKra at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay and Hollywood Rip Ride Rockit at Universal Studios Florida.
Using the alternate system, videos are recorded by cameras mounted inside the ride vehicles, usually on the back of the seat in front of the subject. This provides a first-person stream of consciousness-style film, showing the riders' emotions close up from start to finish. One such coaster that uses this system is Thunderhawk at Michigan's Adventure. Volcano, The Blast Coaster at Kings Dominion, FireWhip at Beto Carrero World and and The Swarm at Thorpe Park utilize this style, with the camera mounted to the seat backs.

</doc>
<doc id="2847982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847982" title="National Internet Exchange of India">
National Internet Exchange of India

The National Internet Exchange of India (NIXI) is a government non-profit company established in 2003 to provide neutral Internet Exchange Point services in India. It was established under section 25 of the Companies Act 1956, with the Internet Service Providers Association of India (ISPAI) to become the operational meeting point of Internet service providers (ISPs) in India. It was registered on 19 July 2003. Its main purpose is to facilitate the handing over of domestic Internet traffic between the peering ISP members, rather than using servers in the United States or elsewhere. This enables more efficient use of international bandwidth and saves foreign exchange. It also improves the Quality of Services for the customers of member ISPs, by being able to avoid multiple international hops and thus lowering delays. Utilising servers routed through, and administered by India also reduces the chances of Indian data being intercepted unlawfully by the NSA and the GCHQ. NIXI is managed and operated on a Neutral basis, in line with the best practices for such initiatives globally. NIXI currently has seven operational NOC located in in Delhi (Noida), Mumbai (Vashi), Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.
Since 2005, NIXI has also created INRegistry (.IN domain) as its autonomous body for maintenance of .IN domain.
Since December 2012, NIXI is also manages the National Internet Registry of the country delegation Internet Protocol addresses (IPv4 and IPv6) and Autonomous System numbers to its Affiliates. 

</doc>
<doc id="2847989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847989" title="HMS Activity (D94)">
HMS Activity (D94)

HMS "Activity" was an escort carrier that served with the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom during the Second World War. After the war, she was sold into merchant service as the MV "Breconshire", serving for over 20 years until scrapped in 1967.
History.
Royal Navy.
HMS "Activity" was built at Caledon shipyards in Dundee. When construction started in 1940 she was intended to become the refrigerated cargo ship "Telemachus" for the Alfred Holt Line. In February 1941, she was taken over by the Ministry of War Transport and renamed Empire Activity. In January 1942, she was requisitioned by the Admiralty for conversion to an escort carrier, now named HMS "Activity" and carrying pennant number D94. Following her launch in May 1942 and completion in August of that year, "Activity" worked up at Lamlash before going to Rosyth for rectification of defects. Entering service on 1 January 1943, "Activity" initially operated as a deck landing training carrier. "Activity" operating in this rôle until October 1943 when she was sent to Liverpool for a refit before entering active service.
After her refit, "Activity" took part in convoy escort duties in the North Atlantic. "Activity" embarked 819 Naval Air Squadron on 12 January 1944, and began escort duties on the 29 January as part of the Second Escort Group. "Activity" was involved in the escort of convoys OS 66, KMS 40, ON 222, NS 28, SL 147, MKS 38, HX 277, KMS 43 and MKF 29 in the period to March 1944. Following this, "Activity" moved to the Arctic, escorting convoy JW 58 to Murmansk. Her aircraft—together with those from —were responsible for the sinking of U-boat , and , as well as damaging , and . The return convoy—RA 58—reached its destination without loss.
In May 1944, "Activity" spent some time at a shipyard on the Clyde for defect rectification before rejoining the Second Escort Group for escort duties. "Activity" escorted convoys OS 78, KMS 52, SL 158, MKS 49, OS 78, KMS 52, AL 159, MKS 50, SL 162, MK 53, KMF 33, MKF 33, OS 86, KMS 60, SL 167 and MKS 58.
In August 1944, "Activity" was designated as a ferry carrier. She transported aircraft, personnel and supplies to Trincomalee, Ceylon, arriving on 23 October 1944 and returning via Gibraltar, where she joined convoy MKF 36 back to the United Kingdom. "Activity" spent some time in a Clyde shipyard in December 1944 for defect rectification, after which she was reallocated to the East Indies Fleet and given a new pennant number, R301. She sailed with convoy KM 39 on 29 January 1945, arriving in Colombo on 20 February. Whilst en route to Sydney, "Activity" rescued the 92 survivors from , an American liberty ship which had been sunk by on 6 February 1945, the last Allied ship sunk by enemy action in the Indian Ocean. Survivors from "Peter Silvester" were landed at Fremantle and "Activity" then continued her journey to Sydney.
"Activity" departed Sydney on 24 March, bound for Colombo for duty ferrying aircraft from Cochin to Colombo. After the end of the war, "Activity" was sent to Singapore to support the reoccupation of Singapore. She loaded ex-POWs and other passengers and sailed for Trincomalee on 15 September. "Activity" arrived home on the Clyde on 20 October 1945, and was then de-stored and placed in the Reserve Fleet. She was placed in the Category B Reserve on 30 January 1946, and sold to Glen Lines on 25 March 1946 for conversion to a merchant ship.
Merchant Navy.
"Activity" was converted to a "Glenearn" class merchant ship by Palmers of Hebburn-on-Tyne, and renamed "Breconshire", entering service with Glen Line in September 1947. She was the second Glen Line ship to be named "Breconshire". She measured 9,061 gross register tons. She remained in service until April 1967, sailing from Kobe to Mihara for scrapping, arriving there on 24 April 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="2847993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847993" title="Samuel Arthur Saunder">
Samuel Arthur Saunder

Samuel Arthur Saunder (1852 – 1912) was a British mathematician and selenographer. In 1908 he was made Gresham Professor of Astronomy .
The crater Saunder on the Moon is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="2847996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847996" title="Podocnemis">
Podocnemis

Podocnemis is a genus of aquatic turtles commonly known as South American River Turtles. The genus consists of six extant species occurring in tropical South America. Three additional species are only known from fossils.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="2848001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848001" title="Dagur clan">
Dagur clan

Dagar, Dogar or Digrana is a clan or gotra of Jats, Yaduvanshi Ahirs
found in Rajasthan, Delhi, Haryana, and Uttar Pradesh in India.
Some famous villages of Ahir Dagar gotra are Dhatir, Mandkola,Jhakli, Duloth,Lulodh, Rajpura, Wajirpur, Panchgawa, Kho, Nathupur, Pathanwaal, Khanpur, Majri, Chandpur etc. Lord Krishna's mom Yashoda was also of Dagar gotra.

</doc>
<doc id="2848006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848006" title="Terry Yorath">
Terry Yorath

Terence Charles Yorath (born 27 March 1950 in Grangetown, Cardiff, Wales) is a former footballer and has been a manager at both club and international level. He is also the father of television presenter Gabby Logan.
He represented Leeds United, Coventry City, Tottenham Hotspur, Bradford City, Swansea City and the Welsh national team. He later became a football manager for Bradford City, Swansea City, Cardiff City and Sheffield Wednesday as well as assistant at Huddersfield Town, and also internationally managed Wales and Lebanon.
Early career.
Yorath was an apprentice at Leeds United signing professional forms at the age of 17. Along with other Leeds midfield players of the time, such as Mick Bates and Terry Hibbitt, he found it difficult to establish himself ahead of Don Revie's preferred pairing of Billy Bremner and Johnny Giles. Between 1967 and 1972 he made just 14 League appearances for Leeds.
Leeds United.
In the 1972–73 season, injuries and suspensions allowed Yorath to establish himself as a first team regular. However, his first season ended with two cup final runners-up medals; he was a substitute in the 1973 FA Cup Final, which Leeds lost 1–0 to Sunderland, and also appeared in the 1973 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup Final, which Leeds lost in controversial circumstances to AC Milan.
Yorath finally won some silverware the following 1973–74 season, where he was a key member of the Leeds championship winning side. Yorath became the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final when Leeds reached the final of the UEFA European Cup, but again Yorath ended up with a runners up medal as Leeds lost 2–0 to Bayern Munich in controversial circumstances.
Don Revie had left Leeds to manage England, and his eventual replacement Jimmy Armfield decided to dispense with Yorath's services in 1976, selling him to Coventry City for £125,000. During his time with Leeds, Yorath made 120 appearances and scored ten goals.
Coventry City.
Yorath would be captain to one of only a handful of top flight Coventry City sides that spent an entire season in the top ten. Spearheaded by the prolific strike partnership of Ian Wallace and Mick Ferguson, and ably abetted by the legendary winger Tommy Hutchison and attacking full backs Graham Oakey and Bobby MacDonald, the Sky Blues would enjoy a 7th place finish in the 1977/78 season, narrowly missing out on European football. Yorath's Coventry side containing such notables as Alan Green, McDonald and Mick Coop are still fondly remembered even today by the Sky Blue faithful. A remarkable 5–4 win over Norwich City at Highfield Road, Christmas 1977, replete with bicycle kick by Ian Wallace and last gasp penalty save by Jim Blyth, lives long in Coventry folklore.
Yorath remained at Coventry for three years, playing 99 games and scoring three goals and was captain for most of this period. He moved onto Tottenham Hotspur in 1979 for £300,000, and then briefly to Vancouver Whitecaps in 1981, where he made 59 appearances, scoring four goals in his two seasons with the club.
International career.
Yorath picked up the first of 59 Welsh caps in 1970 against Italy, and he maintained a regular presence in the international side until 1981. Yorath also captained his country on 42 occasions.
Management career.
In 1982, Yorath joined Bradford City as player/assistant coach. He was injured during the Bradford City stadium fire disaster in 1985 when he was forced to jump out of a window after evacuating supporters from a bar. He subsequently took up the manager's position at Swansea City in 1986 (making a single and final league appearance), and led the club to promotion from the Division Four to the Division Three at the end of the 1987–88 season.
In 1989, he was appointed part-time manager of Wales, eventually taking up the post on a full-time basis whilst still managing Swansea. However, this caused conflict with the club, and Yorath left Swansea to manage Bradford. He was dismissed by Bradford after just one year in charge, and returned to manage Swansea again. 
In 1991, after a run of nine consecutive defeats, he left Swansea for a second time to concentrate on managing Wales. Under Yorath Wales attained their highest ever FIFA ranking of 27th in August 1993 and came close to qualifying for the 1994 World Cup tournament. Needing to win the final game of the qualifying group at home to Romania, Paul Bodin missed a penalty when the scores were level 1–1 and Romania went on to win 2–1. Following the failure to qualify Yorath's contract as manager was not renewed and John Toshack, then manager of Real Sociedad, was appointed as a part-time manager. However, Toshack resigned after just one game – a 3–1 defeat to Norway with the team being booed off the pitch in Cardiff by the Welsh fans still upset at the dismissal of Yorath. 
Yorath joined Cardiff City as General Manager in 1994, after speculation that he would become manager of Middlesbrough in May that year, and assumed control of team affairs in November of that year when manager Eddie May was sacked. However, his time in the hotseat with the Bluebirds was brief, and he was sacked in March 1995 with the club headed for relegation. He then took over as coach of the Lebanon national team, and helped them rise 60 places in the FIFA World Rankings before leaving in 1997.
Between 1997 and 2000 he worked as a coach at Huddersfield Town and Bradford City, before joining Sheffield Wednesday as assistant to Paul Jewell. Yorath retained his position when Jewell was dismissed, and eventually became manager in 2001. However, he resigned in 2002 after a run of five defeats in six league matches saw Wednesday drop into the relegation zone.
In June 2008, Yorath returned to football when he was appointed the director of football at Isthmian League Premier Division side Margate, where his brother Dai and nephew Dean had both played. On 21 November 2008, he was appointed manager of the club after Barry Ashby was sacked. However, Yorath resigned as Margate manager on 24 September 2009 following a run of disappointing results, leaving Neville Southall in temporary charge of the team.
Personal life.
Terry is the father of four children, including Gabby, the television broadcaster. He has three grandchildren, two born to Gabby and the other to son Jordan. His son Daniel collapsed and died on 25th May 1992 in his garden, at the age of 15, as a result of an undetected heart condition just before he was due to begin a footballing career with Leeds United.
In 2004, Yorath was arrested after a car accident and charged with drink driving. Yorath knocked down 27-year-old call centre worker Raziya Aslam breaking her pelvis. Yorath pleaded guilty to all charges and received a 30-month driving ban and 60 hours community service. The trial judge had been seriously considering a prison sentence for Yorath, but his defence advised that there was a risk that Yorath would commit suicide if sent to prison. Yorath maintains that he would not have taken his own life if he had been jailed.
References.
[http://www.nasljerseys.com/Players/xyz/Yorath.Terry.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="2848011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848011" title="Mario Rodríguez Cobos">
Mario Rodríguez Cobos

Silo —pseudonym of Mario Luis Rodríguez Cobos (Mendoza, 6 January 1938 – Mendoza, 16 September 2010)— was an Argentine writer and founder of the Humanist Movement.
An active speaker, he wrote books, short stories, articles and studies related to politics, society, psychology, spirituality and other topics. Although he described himself simply as a writer, many see him as a thinker, based on the diversity of issues about which he has written.
Biography.
Silo was born into a middle-class family of Spanish origin in Mendoza, Argentina. His father was winemaker Don Rafael Rodriguez and his mother Doña Maria Luisa Cobos, a Basque, and a music teacher. He was the youngest of three children, with siblings Raquel and Guillermo. He undertook primary and secondary education with the Maristas Brotherhood achieving excellent grades, while practising gymnastics and specializing in the pommel horse and reaching high positions in the regional rankings. In addition he was involved in various youth organizations and lead a very active social and intellectual life. He carried out special studies, in languages including French and Italian, and philosophy. He also published articles in cultural magazines.
Silo studied law for three years at the University of Buenos Aires and later, when they opened the Faculty of Political Science in Mendoza, he returned to his home town to continue his studies in this field. At university he began to organize research groups on human beings and their existential and social problems.
Silo travelled around Argentina, South America and Europe and undertook various jobs. By 1960 – following "a rearrangement of his inner truths" as a newspaper slogan of the time reported – he began to present his proposals, while still forming study groups in Argentina and Chile. With members of these groups he organized a public talk, which was initially banned by the military government but later was permitted in the mountains, away from the centres of population. The military dictatorships which subsequently beset the country were present throughout the life of Silo with successive arrests and detentions.
So, on 4 May 1969, Silo spoke to some two hundred people gathered in Punta de Vacas (Province of Mendoza), in the high Andes mountains near Mount Aconcagua, and gave his first public exposition of the ideas, that in time, would form the basis of the Humanist Movement. In this talk, known as «"The Healing of Suffering"», he explained themes such as the overcoming of pain and suffering, the meaning of life, violence, desire and pleasure.
Silo married Ana Luisa Cremaschi, whom he knew from his youth, and had two sons, Alejandro and Federico, with whom he lived in his hometown.
In 1972 he published "The Inner Look" and the initial groups extended to other countries, partly because the military dictatorships provoked the exile of many of the participants. In the early 70's, Silo created the current of thought now known as New Humanism or Universalist Humanism, and founded the Humanist Movement an organized group that sought to translate this thought into practice. It can be said that this thinking encompasses the whole of human existence, not only social but also personal.
Since the eighties, and under his orientation, the Humanist Movement began a period of expansion in the world with the creation of organisms and fronts of action: the Humanist Party with a presence in more than 30 countries, The Community for Human Development (a cultural association), Convergence of Cultures (a civil association), World Without Wars (an anti-armament association) and the World Centre of Humanist Studies.
During 1981 he was invited to express his proposals in various public rallies in European and Asian cities, visiting Madrid, Rome, Barcelona, and later Mumbai (India) and Colombo (Sri Lanka), before returning to Paris, and later San Francisco (California) and Mexico City. He explained with particular force the position of nonviolence, manifested in the overcoming of suffering, the human treatment of others and the attitude of not searching for those to blame. Aspects of these talks relevant to his thought were published in the book "“Silo Speaks”".
On 6 October 1993 in Moscow Silo was awarded a doctorate honoris causa by the Institute of Latin American Studies of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union.
1) "El humanismo en el umbral del milenio: idea, juicio, perspectiva" (documentos conferencia internacional). B. N. Bessonov, T. G. Bogatireva, V. N. Shevchenko. Gnosis, 1997.
2) "Un mensaje a la humanidad", conferencia de Hugo Novotny, en la revista "América Latina", n.º 9, 2004, del Instituto de América Latina, perteneciente a la Academia de Ciencias de Rusia.</ref> In this ceremony, he supported his ideas on «conditions of dialogue», concluding his presentation with these words: «We will see no full dialogue on the fundamental questions of today’s civilization until we, as a society, begin to lose our belief in the innumerable illusions fed by the enticements of the current system. In the meantime, the dialogue will continue to be insubstantial and without any connection to the profound motivations of society. However, in some latitudes of the world something new has begun to move, something that, beginning in a dialogue of specialists, will slowly begin to move into the public arena.».
Later years.
In early 2002, Silo announced his retirement from the Humanist Movement, after being its driving force for 32 years. He did it by moving the orientation of the Humanist Movement to an assembly composed of the general coordinators of the movement. By August 2007 there were about 400 members in this assembly.
In mid-2002 he launched "Silo's Message" understood as a book, an experience and a path. Among his more recent projects he gave impetus to the construction of complexes known as Parks of Study and Reflection in Argentina, Chile, Spain, USA, Italy, India and Egypt, among other geographical locations. The money to build these parks was gathered from voluntary donations.
During the first decade of 21st Century he returned to speak at Punta de Vacas on several occasions with proposals of reconciliation, access to the profound and the sacred of human being, accepting invitations to speak about his Message and going to more humble places, like family homes, or small halls (salitas) in the same neighbourhood of Mendoza, and in greater Buenos Aires, Santiago de Chile and Quito (Ecuador). He also attended events organized in Lisbon, Rome, northern Italy and elsewhere. Furthermore, as well as organising Halls of the Message and Parks of Study and Reflection around his works, Silo attended various opening ceremonies in places such as in La Reja (Buenos Aires), Las Manantiales (Santiago de Chile), Carcarañá (Rosario, Argentina), Toledo (Spain), Attigliano (Rome, Italy), etc.
One of his last public addresses was made in Berlin at the Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates, on 11 November 2009, during the passage through that city of the "World March for Peace and Nonviolence". On this occasion Silo called for global nuclear disarmament as the main urgency of the moment.
His last years were spent in Chacras de Coria, a town on the outskirts of the city of Mendoza. He died at his home on 16 September 2010, after suffering for more than a year with renal disease.
His figure, until his death, was highly controversial, since he was considered a «spiritual guide» by his followers, while his critics call him messianic leader (see Critics section below). He referred to himself as a writer and practitioner of what he called an «inner religion».
There exist few interviews and reports in the media on the life Silo, however, the most numerous were carried out in Chile in the early nineties (with the return to democracy) from the major talk shows on television.
Some institutions showed recognition of his career in the days after his death, such as the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica.</ref>
Outline of his thought.
On psychology.
The concept of the intentionality of the consciousness, which had been taken up by Franz Brentano from medieval scholasticism and developed by Edmund Husserl in " Ideas Pertaining to a Pure Phenomenology and to a Phenomenological Philosophy", takes central importance in the thought of Silo. In it he made a differentiation between sensation, perception and imagination:
Rejecting ideas of the unconscious and subconscious as epochal myths based on scientific premises which are incorrectly formulated, it focuses on the study of the co-presence, impulses, levels of consciousness, centres of response, etc., as part of the psychism and the functioning of consciousness. What is new in Silo's thinking is the definition of the space of representation:
On the conception of the human being.
Silo differentiates himself further from the academic ambits with a conception of the human being which led to the formation of the Humanist Movement. In fact, the definition of humanist movement as the group of people who study and interpret the needs of human beings and provide the conditions for advancing from the field of determinism to the field of freedom, i.e. to overcome pain and suffering, both individually and socially, is implied in the idea of human beings:
On spirituality.
Silo explains his thoughts about spirituality in these terms:
Published Books.
All these books are translated and published in the most common major languages.
Criticism and influence.
In a journal of anthropology and American studies, in the early seventies sections of the left began a campaign against Silo and his followers, who were accused of fascism and of being a reactionary movement. At the same time, conservative sectors of the Catholic Church accused them of threatening the family and Christian morality, as seen in the Chilean newspapers of the time. According to Siloists this campaign was a reaction to the growing influence of Silo with the young and the proposal of a new left humanist, non-Marxist, ideology.
Criticism of Silo and the followers of his movement ranges from accusations of building a sect with a strongly authoritarian structure, attempts at silencing ex-members, brain washing, and other common signs associated with cults and their infallible leaders (see external links).
The notoriety of his influence was reflected in obituaries in the newspapers "Página/12" in Argentina and "El País" in Spain. The latter refers to Silo as the «founder of a philosophy that came to gather a million followers in over 100 countries» and «a strange character for the West, one who could have been born in the East. He trumpeted a spiritual and social change as the foundation of the “human nation”».
Two months after his death, he was honoured at the Book Fair in Mar del Plata, Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="2848016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848016" title="Carlos Atanes">
Carlos Atanes

Carlos Atanes (born November 8, 1971 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish film director, writer and playwright. His first finished feature-length movie is "FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions", which he released in 2004. The movie won the "Best Feature Film Award" at the Athens Panorama of Independent Filmmakers in 2005 and was also nominated for the "Méliès d'Argent" at Fantasporto that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="2848023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848023" title="Sean Ervine">
Sean Ervine

Sean Michael Ervine (born 6 December 1982) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. Ervine is a left-handed batsman who bowls right-arm medium pace.
Domestic career.
Ervine originally played for the Midlands cricket team in Zimbabwe.
Ervine was one of several cricketers in dispute with the Zimbabwe Cricket Union in 2004, and he left the country to play for Hampshire in England and for Western Australia. Ervine declared that he would not return to play for Zimbabwe and following excellent form for Hampshire from 2005, and some recent breakthroughs for Western Australia, Ervine announced that he would seek to qualify for either English or Australian international representation. Ervine currently holds an Irish passport and therefore does not count as an overseas player in English county cricket.
During the 2009 County Championship season Ervine scored 832 runs at an average of 41.60, making him Hampshire's fourth highest run scorer in the competition. In the 2009 Friends Provident Trophy, Ervine scored his highest List-A score of 167* against Ireland. Ervine was later a member of Hampshire's winning squad in the final as they defeated Sussex by 6 wickets.
In February 2010, Ervine returned to the Zimbabwean domestic circuit with the Southern Rocks. On debut against the Mid West Rhinos, Ervine made scores of 208 and 160; scores which were his two highest in first-class cricket.
He scored 237* against Somerset for Hampshire coming in at number 7 in the order later in 2010.
International career.
Ervine made his debut for Zimbabwe in October 2001 in a One Day International against England.
Family.
Ervine's brother, Craig Ervine has also played first-class cricket for Midlands, Southern Rocks and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="2848025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848025" title="Alexander (son of Polyperchon)">
Alexander (son of Polyperchon)

Alexander (in Greek Αλέξανδρος; killed 314 BC) was son of Polyperchon, the regent of Macedonia, and an important general in the Wars of the Diadochi.
Alexander obtains and loses Athens.
Antipater, on his death (319 BC), had left the regency to Polyperchon, to the exclusion and consequent discontent of his own son, Cassander. The chief men, who had been placed in authority by Antipater in the garrisoned towns of Greece, were favourable to Cassander, as their patron's son, and Polyperchon's policy, therefore, was to reverse the measures of Antipater, and restore democracy where it had been abolished by the latter. It was then, in the prosecution of this design, that his son Alexander was sent to Athens, 318 BC, with the alleged object of delivering the city from Nicanor, who by Cassander's appointment commanded the garrison placed by Antipater in Munychia. Before his arrival, Nicanor, besides strengthening himself with fresh troops in Munychia, had also treacherously seized the Piraeus. To occupy these two ports himself soon appeared to be no less the intention of Alexander, an intention which he had probably formed before any communication with Phocion, though Diodorus seems to imply the contrary. The Athenians, however, looked on Phocion as the author of the design, and their suspicions and anger being excited by the private conferences of Alexander with Nicanor, Phocion was accused of treason, and, fleeing with several of his friends to Alexander, was by him despatched to Polyperchon. Cassander, arriving at Athens soon after and occupying the Piraeus, was there besieged by Polyperchon with a large force; but the supplies of the latter being inadequate, he was obliged to withdraw a portion of his army, with which he went to attempt the reduction of Megalopolis, while Alexander was left in command of the remainder at Athens. Here he appears to have continued without effecting anything, till the treaty and capitulation of Athens with Cassander gave the city to the power of the latter.
He attests himself in the Peloponnese.
When Polyperchon, baffled at Megalopolis, withdrew into Macedonia, his son seems to have been left with an army in Peloponnese, where, as we read in Diodorus, the field was left open to him, and the friends of oligarchy were greatly alarmed by the departure of Cassander into Macedonia on the intelligence of the murder of Philip Arrhidaeus and Eurydice by Olympias, 317 BC. During his absence, Alexander succeeded in bringing over to himself several cities and important places in the Peloponnese; but, on Cassander's return to the south, after crushing Olympias in Macedonia, he in vain attempted to check him by his fortification of the Isthmus of Corinth, for Cassander, passing to Epidaurus by sea, regained Argos and Hermione, and afterwards also the Messenian towns, with the exception of Ithome.
He passes to Cassander.
In the next year, 315 BC, Antigonus (whose ambition and successes in the east had united against him Cassander, Lysimachus, Asander, and Ptolemy), among other measures, sent Aristodemus into the Peloponnese to form a league of amity with Polyperchon and Alexander; and the latter was persuaded by Aristodemus to pass over to Asia for a personal conference with Antigonus. Finding him at Tyre (Lebanon), a treaty was made between them, and Alexander returned to Greece with a present of 500 talents from Antigonus, and a multitude of magnificent promises. Yet, in the very same year, we find him renouncing his alliance with Antigonus, and bribed by the title of governor of the Peloponnese to reconcile himself to Cassander.
His death.
In the ensuing year, 314 BC, we read of him as engaged for Cassander in the siege of Cyllene, which however was raised by Aristodemus and his Aetolian auxiliaries. After the return of Aristodemus to Aetolia, the citizens of Dyme, in Achaia, having besieged the citadel, which was occupied by one of Cassander's garrisons, Alexander forced his way into the city, and made himself master of it, punishing the adverse party with death, imprisonment, or exile. Very soon after this he was murdered at Sicyon by Alexion, a Sicyonian, leaving the command of his forces to one who proved herself fully adequate to the task, his wife Cratesipolis (314 BC).

</doc>
<doc id="2848044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848044" title="Heath Mynd">
Heath Mynd

Heath Mynd is a hill in the English county of Shropshire. It is fairly unnotable except for its Marilyn status, a feature caused by the sharp drop on all sides. It is connected to Corndon Hill by a low col, and is only just inside England, being just one mile from the border with Wales. The nearby village is Norbury; nearest towns are Bishop's Castle and Church Stretton. Its nearest neighbour (visible in the photo) is called Cefn Gunthly.

</doc>
<doc id="2848051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848051" title="Honeymoon in Vegas">
Honeymoon in Vegas

Honeymoon in Vegas is a 1992 comedy film directed by Andrew Bergman and starring Nicolas Cage, James Caan and Sarah Jessica Parker.
Plot.
Jack Singer (Cage) has sworn to his mother while she was on her deathbed that he would never get married. Years later, he goes back on his promise and proposes to his girlfriend, Betsy (Parker), and quickly arranges a Las Vegas marriage. They check into the Bally's Hotel.
Before the wedding, however, a wealthy professional gambler, Tommy Korman (Caan), sees Betsy and notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife. He arranges a crooked poker game (with Jerry Tarkanian as one of the other players) where Jack borrows $65,000 after being dealt a straight flush (7-8-9-10-Jack of clubs), only to lose to the gambler's higher straight flush (8-9-10-Jack-Queen of hearts); Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt - if he can spend the weekend with Singer's fiancée.
After getting Korman to agree to no sex, the desperate couple agrees. Jack tries desperately to get Betsy back and discovers that Tommy has taken her to Hawaii, where he has a vacation home. The gambler also has a taxi driver friend, Mahi Mahi (Pat Morita), and asks him to keep Jack as far as possible from him and Betsy. Jack discovers this, steals the taxi, and finds Tommy at the Kauai Club, where he's attacked by Tommy and arrested. After having Dr. Molar bail him out of jail, Mahi Mahi meets him outside and admits that Korman left for Vegas with Betsy and is forcing her to marry him. Mahi races Jack to the airport. Betsy decides she cannot go through with the wedding and escapes from Tommy. 
Meanwhile, after changing many planes and finding himself stuck in San Jose, Jack tries frantically to find a flight to Vegas. Finally, he finds a group about to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a skydiving team of Elvis impersonators. Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in order to get to Betsy. Jack eventually is able to overcome his fear and lands and spots Betsy, which then ruins Tommy's plans.
The final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl outfit.
Reception.
The film earned mixed to positive reviews from critics, and currently holds a 62% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed mainly of covers of Elvis Presley songs performed by many contemporary artists. Also included are the ramblings of Chief Orman when Mahi Mahi takes Jack to his Chief's shack instead of Korman's beach side mansion. The score is by David Newman.
Track listing (available on CD).
"All Shook Up" by Billy Joel was released as a single.
Stage version.
A musical stage version of the movie was written by Jason Robert Brown (music and lyrics) and Andrew Bergman (book). A Broadway-bound production was expected to debut in Toronto in November 2012, starring Tony Danza as Tommy Korman. However, the Toronto premiere was canceled, and production was transferred to the Paper Mill Playhouse in New Jersey instead with Danza remaining. The Paper Mill production opened on September 26, 2013 and ran through October 27. The musical is expected to open on Broadway at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre on November 18, 2014 in previews, officially on January 15, 2015. Direction is by Gary Griffin with choreography by Denis Jones. The cast features Tony Danza, Rob McClure and Brynn O'Malley, who were also in the Paper Mill production.

</doc>
<doc id="2848057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848057" title="Luis Amaranto Perea">
Luis Amaranto Perea

Luis Amaranto Perea Mosquera (born 30 January 1979) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Cruz Azul in Mexico. Gifted with incredible stamina and pace, the central defender can also be adapted at right back.
He played most of his senior career with Atlético Madrid, appearing in 306 official games over the course of eight La Liga seasons. In 2012, he signed with Cruz Azul.
Perea gained 75 caps for the Colombian national team, during more than one decade.
Club career.
Born in Turbo, Perea began his professional career with Independiente Medellín, moving in 2003 to Argentina with Club Atlético Boca Juniors, with whom he won the Intercontinental Cup in 2003.
In June 2004 Perea signed for Atlético de Madrid on a four-year deal, as another centre-back, Pablo Ibáñez, also arrived that season. Both were the starters as the "Colchoneros" returned to the UEFA Champions League in 2008–09 after a 12-year absence, with Perea appearing in 30 league matches; after the campaign kicked off, he received his Spanish passport.
After the signing of ACF Fiorentina's Tomáš Ujfaluši for the 2008–09 season, Perea saw some additional time as a right defender, but eventually lost that place to another newly-signed, John Heitinga. From 2009 to 2011, with the latter departed to Everton, he managed to appear in 56 league games for the club combined, with qualification to the UEFA Europa League in his second season after a seventh-place finish.
On 29 September 2011, following a Europa League appearance against Stade Rennais FC, Perea became the foreign player with most official appearances for Atlético Madrid with 289, surpassing Argentine Jorge Griffa. He left the club at the end of 2011–12 at the age of 33, after having contributed with 34 games the league and the Europa League combined (19+15) as the club won the latter competition.
International career.
A Colombian international since 10 September 2003, in a 0–4 loss in Bolivia for the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, Perea appeared for the country at the 2007 and 2011 Copa América tournaments.
He was named team captain before the 2014 World Cup qualification match against Bolivia in La Paz, in a first-ever win in that country (2–1).

</doc>
<doc id="2848063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848063" title="Oxidase test">
Oxidase test

The oxidase test is a test used in microbiology to determine if a bacterium produces certain cytochrome c oxidases. It uses disks impregnated with a reagent such as "N,N,N′,N′"-tetramethyl-"p"-phenylenediamine (TMPD) or "N,N"-dimethyl-"p"-phenylenediamine (DMPD), which is also a redox indicator. The reagent is a dark-blue to maroon color when oxidized, and colorless when reduced. Oxidase-positive bacteria possess cytochrome oxidase or indophenol oxidase (an iron-containing
hemoprotein). These both catalyze the transport of electrons from donor compounds (NADH) to
electron acceptors (usually oxygen).
The test reagent, TMPD dihydrochloride acts as an artificial electron donor for the enzyme oxidase. The oxidized reagent forms the colored compound indophenol blue.
The cytochrome system is usually only present in aerobic organisms that are capable of using oxygen as the final hydrogen receptor. The end-product of this metabolism is either water or hydrogen peroxide (broken down by catalase).
Classification.
Strains may be either oxidase-positive (OX+) or oxidase-negative (OX-).
OX+.
OX+ normally means the bacterium contains cytochrome c oxidase and can therefore use oxygen for energy production with an electron transfer chain.
The Pseudomonadaceae are typically OX+
Another example is the preliminary identification of "Neisseria" versus "Moraxella" genera. Neisseria is oxidase-positive, Gram-negative diplococci and Moraxella is also oxidase-positive.
Many Gram-negative, spiral curved rods are also oxidase-positive, which includes "Helicobacter pylori", "Vibrio cholerae", and "Campylobacter jejuni".
Also "Legionella pneumophila" is oxidase-positive.
OX-.
OX- normally means the bacterium does not contain cytochrome c oxidase and, therefore, either cannot use oxygen for energy production with an electron transfer chain or employs a different cytochrome for transferring electrons to oxygen.
Enterobacteriaceae are typically OX-.
Procedures.
In alternative manner, live bacteria cultivated on trypticase soy agar plates may be prepared using sterile technique with a single-line streak inoculation. The inoculated plates are incubated at 37°C for 24–48 hours to establish colonies. Fresh bacterial preparations should be used. After colonies have grown on the medium, 2-3 drops of the reagent DMPD are added to the surface of each organism to be tested. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848074" title="Megan Williams (actress)">
Megan Williams (actress)

Megan Williams (11 September 195617 April 2000) was an Australian actress and singer, who played a continuing role as Alice Sullivan in the television drama "The Sullivans", and won a Logie Award for her work in "Anzacs" (1985).
Early years.
Williams was born in London, England to David and Chin Yu Williams who appeared in a West End production of "South Pacific". At six months old, Williams had a minor TV role as an abandoned baby on "The Adventures of Robin Hood". Williams' family moved to Sydney, Australia where she pursued an acting career.
Actor.
Williams' first major role was as an on-going lead, Ann Watson, in the daily soap opera "Class of '74" (1974). The long running role of Alice Watkins Sullivan in "The Sullivans" (1976–1983) followed. A guest role as Carol Canning in "The Outsiders" (1976) episode 10 "Charlie Cole Esq." (broadcast 1977) had her appearing in a bikini. After "The Sullivans" ended she continued to act on Australian television, with a guest role in ABC drama-musical series "Sweet and Sour" (1984), a Logie Award winning role as Kate Baker in the miniseries "Anzacs" (1985), and an on-going role of Cassie Jones in "Return to Eden" (1986). In the late 1980s she worked in the UK, appearing in one episode of British soap opera "EastEnders" (1989). Williams had a minor role in the movie "Nightmare Man" (1999).
Singer.
Megan Williams also appeared in the Film Clip of "The Queen and Me" with Mondo Rock (1982). Williams provided backing vocals for "Flame Trees" on Cold Chisel's "Twentieth Century" (1984). John Prior (drummer with Matt Finish) wrote songs for Williams in the mid-1980s.
Personal life.
Williams was in a "de facto" relationship with Cold Chisel singer-guitarist Ian Moss for 11 years, before they separated in the 1990s. 
Williams had an operation for breast cancer in 1997, however the disease was diagnosed again in December 1999 and she died at Darlinghurst Sacred Heart Hospice in April 2000, aged 43.

</doc>
<doc id="2848077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848077" title="Jason Lezak">
Jason Lezak

Jason Edward Lezak (born November 12, 1975) is an American international swimmer who is a four-time Olympic gold medalist. He formerly swam for Irvine Novaquatics. He graduated from Irvine High School in 1994, and then from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1999. He is a member of the Rose Bowl Aquatics swim club.
Lezak is a specialist in the 50-meter and 100-meter freestyle races. He also owns long-course world records in the 400m freestyle and medley relays, and is a former American record holder in the 100-meter freestyle. Lezak is one of the few elite swimmers not to have a personal coach. Despite this, Lezak enjoys team sports and fellow American Gary Hall, Jr. dubbed Lezak as a "professional relay swimmer" at the 2004 Olympic Trials before their matchup in the 100-meter freestyle.
Personal life.
Lezak was born in Irvine, California, the son of Linda (née Mann), an elementary school science teacher, and David Lezak, a former leather goods salesman. He is Jewish. The name Lezak is pronounced Leh-Zhack (short e). Lezak attended El Camino Real Elementary School (now Woodbury Elementary School) and Irvine High School, as well as the University of California, Santa Barbara. Lezak currently lives in Irvine with his wife, Danielle (DeAlva).
Career.
Olympics.
Lezak currently has competed in four Olympic Games, in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012 and has earned a total of Eight Olympic medals, two bronze, two silver, and four gold. He earned a spot on the U.S. team in the 2012 Games in London with a sixth-place finish in the 100-meter freestyle at the Olympic trials.
2000 Olympics.
Lezak earned his first long-course international swimming gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where he was part of the 4×100-meter medley relay in the Olympics in Sydney. He also won a silver medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay.
2004 Olympics.
He competed in several events at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, and was a member of the 4×100-meter medley relay team that set a new world record at the games. He also won a bronze medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay and finished fifth in the 50-meter freestyle.
2008 Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Lezak was the oldest male on the U.S. swim team. He anchored the U.S. 4×100-meter freestyle relay team that won the gold medal and set a new world record. In the final 25 meters, Lezak overtook French team anchor Alain Bernard (the world record holder in the 100-meter freestyle going into the relay) to win gold despite Bernard having nearly a full body length's advantage when Lezak started his leg and half a body length with 25 meters from the end. Lezak split a 46.06, the fastest 100-meter freestyle split in history, by nearly six tenths of a second. The final time of the American team was 3:08:24, which was 3.99 seconds faster than the previous world record; the French team finished second at 3:08.32, eight one-hundredths (0.08) of a second behind—the closest finish in the event's history. This was a crucial race for Michael Phelps, because he needed it to complete the goal of winning eight gold medals in a single Olympic Games, breaking Mark Spitz's record of seven gold medals at the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich.
Lezak also earned his first individual Olympic medal, having tied for the bronze with Brazillian swimmer César Cielo Filho in the 100-meter freestyle with a time of 47.67.
2012 Olympics.
Lezak qualified for his fourth Olympics at the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska. His sixth-place finish in the Olympic Trial finals was good enough to reach the London Games as a member of the U.S. 4x100-meter freestyle relay team. At the Olympics in London, Jimmy Feigen, Matt Grevers, Ricky Berens and Lezak swam for the U.S. team in the preliminaries. Nathan Adrian, Michael Phelps, Cullen Jones and Ryan Lochte swam in the finals, and together all these competitors earned a silver medal for the team's second-place finish in the finals.
Short course competitions.
In short-course competitions he won five world championships, four relays plus a gold in the 100-meter freestyle in 2004. Lezak has also won seven U.S. Championships, three times in the 50-meter freestyle and four in the 100-meter freestyle.
2009.
Lezak forwent the 2009 World Aquatics Championships to compete in the 18th Maccabiah Games in Israel from July 12 to 29, 2009. Lezak was given the honor of lighting the Maccabiah torch at the Opening Ceremony. At the Maccabiah Games, Lezak won gold medals in the 50-meter freestyle, 100-meter freestyle, 4×100-meter freestyle relay, and 4×100-meter medley relay.
Personal bests.
His personal bests (long-course) are:

</doc>
<doc id="2848088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848088" title="Brent Cockbain">
Brent Cockbain

Brent John Cockbain (born 15 November 1974 in New South Wales, Australia) is a former rugby union player who won 20 caps for Wales.
Club career.
Although born in Australia, and with his brother Matt Cockbain having played international rugby for Australia, Brent decided to emigrate to the UK. Cockbain played club rugby for London Irish, then came to Wales in 1999 to join Pontypridd RFC. With the advent of regional sides in 2003, he played for the Celtic Warriors, then when the Warriors were shut down signed for the Ospreys in 2004.
In the 2004–05 season he helped the Ospreys win the Celtic League and Wales win the Grand Slam, scoring his first and only international try against Italy. 
Cockbain returned from injury to club rugby with the Ospreys, but missed Wales' 2006 Autumn Internationals due to an injury. On 3 December 2007, Cockbain signed for the English Premiership side Sale Sharks on a 2½ year contract.
Cockbain retired from competitive sport in June 2010.
International career.
Cockbain represented Australia at Under 19 and Under 21 level, but qualified for Wales under the residency rule and made his debut against Romania at Wrexham on 27 August 2003, a match which Wales won 54–8. This match also saw Mike Ruddock take charge of the side for the first time, albeit only for the one game. He went on to start in four of Wales' matches in the 2003 Rugby World Cup. In the 2004–05 season he helped Wales win the Grand Slam, scoring his first international try against Italy. He was flown out to join the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand as a late replacement after Danny Grewcock had been banned for biting.

</doc>
<doc id="2848096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848096" title="Nathaniel B. Baker">
Nathaniel B. Baker

Nathaniel Bradley Baker (September 29, 1818–September 11, 1876) was an American politician and military leader who served as Governor of New Hampshire and Adjutant General of the Iowa Militia.
Early life.
Nathaniel B. Baker was born in Henniker, New Hampshire on September 29, 1818, and raised in West Concord. Nathaniel Baker graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1834 and Harvard University. He then studied law under Franklin Pierce, Asa Fowler and Charles H. Peaslee and passed the bar in 1842.
Start of career.
Baker was a co-owner of a Democratic newspaper, the "New Hampshire Patriot". Originally, a Democrat, he served as Clerk of the Merrimack County Court of Common Pleas in 1845. The following year he became Merrimack County Clerk.
Baker was also active in the New Hampshire Militia, serving as Quartermaster and later Adjutant of the 11th Regiment. He subsequently served as Aide-de-Camp to Governor John H. Steele with the rank of Colonel.
In 1851, Baker assumed the position of Chief Fire Engineer for Concord's Fire Department. He also served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1850 and 1851, and was elected Speaker of the House. In 1852 he was a Presidential Elector, and cast his ballot for Franklin Pierce and William R. King.
From 1854 to 1859 Baker was a trustee of Norwich University, and he received an honorary master of arts degree from Norwich in 1855.
Governor of New Hampshire.
In 1854 he was elected Governor and served a single one year term, June 6, 1854 to June 7, 1855. During his term the legislature failed to pass resolutions condemning the Missouri Compromise and the Kansas-Nebraska Act, evidence that New Hampshire was trending away from the Democratic Pierce and Baker and becoming increasingly antislavery. (In fact, after Baker left office, Republicans controlled the governorship for most of the next 100 years.) He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1855.
Later career.
After Baker's term as Governor, he moved to Clinton, Iowa, where he continued to practice law. He was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 1859 as a Democrat. His increasingly antislavery views later caused him to join the Republican Party.
Baker's work as Chairman of the Iowa House's Military Affairs Committee at the start of the American Civil War led to his appointment as Adjutant General of the Iowa Militia, and he served until his death. By now a resident of Des Moines, during the war he was praised for his efforts to recruit, equip and train soldiers for front line regiments, and to keep track of their service records, including enlistments, promotions, wounds, deaths, and discharges. In addition, at the end of the war, Baker was credited with acquiring from returning Iowa units captured Confederate regimental flags and other memorabilia, and arranging to have it preserved.
Death and burial.
In 1874 Baker took part in an effort to combat a massive grasshopper infestation in Northwestern Iowa, exposing himself out of doors in harsh weather including sleet, snow and high winds. His health began to decline as a result, and Baker died in Des Moines on September 11, 1876. He was buried at Woodland Cemetery in Des Moines.

</doc>
<doc id="2848107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848107" title="Ian Blackwell">
Ian Blackwell

Ian David Blackwell (born 10 June 1978, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England) is a retired English cricketer. A left-arm orthodox spinner and powerful middle-order batsman, he played for England in one-day and Test sides, and lastly played county cricket for Warwickshire in the second half of the 2012 season.
Domestic career.
Somerset CCC.
He started off his career at Derbyshire, before moving to Somerset in 2000 following a dispute with Derbyshire captain Dominic Cork. He was appointed captain of Somerset for the last part of the 2005 season after the departure of Graeme Smith. Having been appointed official captain for 2006, he had shoulder surgery and missed almost all of the season.
Durham CCC.
After the 2008 season, Blackwell left Somerset and joined Durham. Also a factor in his departure from Somerset was Blackwell's struggles with fitness and disagreements with the captain, Justin Langer. Despite having struggled with his fitness, Blackwell managed to lose over the winter. On his first-class debut for Durham, in the opening match of the 2009 English season, Blackwell scored a century against the Marylebone Cricket Club, featuring a bowling line up including England hopefuls Sajid Mahmood, Kabir Ali, Tim Bresnan, and Adil Rashid.
Warwickshire CCC.
Entering the 2012 season, having been afflicted by a second shoulder operation, Blackwell played few matches in the first half of the season for Durham. The county then agreed to loan him from August to Warwickshire, who required coverage for the four-week absence of spinner Jeetan Patel.
In March 2013, Durham announced the termination of Blackwell's contract and his immediate retirement form professional cricket. After a third shoulder operation over the winter, Blackwell had been diagnosed with arthritis in his left shoulder.
International career.
Blackwell was called up for the England Test squad after Ashley Giles had to withdraw from the 2006 tour to India. After impressing in warm-up matches, he was selected for the 1st Test against India on 1 March in Nagpur. However, he was not frequently used by captain Andrew Flintoff, only bowling six fairly expensive overs in the first Indian innings, in comparison to fellow left arm spinner Monty Panesar's 42 overs. In the second Indian innings, Blackwell was initially more economical but as India went on an audacious chase of the huge total set to them by England, he was brought on to prevent the batsmen from scoring quickly, but conceded 18 runs in his first over. This came after a nervous innings of only 4 in his only opportunity with the bat, and Blackwell was subsequently dropped for the second Test, replaced by Liam Plunkett.
Blackwell remained first choice spinner for the ODI series however. Although England lost the series 5–1, Blackwell's performances were encouraging and seemed to indicate he was ready to hold down a regular place in the side. Ten overs in the first ODI went for just 24 runs at the same time as picking up one wicket, his cheapest ever spell in an ODI, while he also picked up figures of 2–39 and 2–21. Blackwell looked set to make another Test match appearance against Sri Lanka, but suffered a shoulder injury which derailed his season. As a consequence he was replaced as spinner in England's ODI side, and was subsequently overlooked by the selectors.

</doc>
<doc id="2848159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848159" title="Pangsau Pass">
Pangsau Pass

Pangsau Pass or Pan Saung Pass, in altitude, lies on the crest of the Patkai Hills on the India-Burma (Myanmar) border. The pass offers one of the easiest routes into Burma from the Assam plains. It is named after the closest Burmese village, Pangsau, that lies 2 km beyond the pass to the east.
History.
It is the reputed route of the 13th century invasion of Assam in India by the Ahoms, a Shan tribe. Prospected by the British in the late 19th Century as a possible railway route from India to Myitkyina in north Burma through the Hukawng Valley, the pass became famous during World War II for being the initial obstacle encountered by American General "Vinegar Joe" Stilwell's forces in their effort to build a land route to isolated China after the fall of Burma to the Japanese. 
The Ledo Road began at Ledo, the railhead, and passed through Lekhapani, Jagun, Jairampur (the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh boundary and beginning of Inner Line), and Nampong before switchbacking steeply upwards through densely forested hills to the pass, 12 km away. The distance from Ledo to Pangsau Pass is . Because of the fierce gradients and the mud which made getting up to the pass difficult, it was nicknamed "Hell Pass" during the war. 
The Pangsau Pass Winter Festival is a global village event organized every year in Nampong, Arunachal Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="2848160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848160" title="Da Bush Babees">
Da Bush Babees

Da Bush Babees is a group of underground hip-hop artists loosely affiliated with the Native Tongues. The members of the group originally performed under the stage names Babe-B-Face Kaos (later Lee Majors), Mister Man (later Mr. Khaliyl, Lord Khaliyl) and Y-Tee (later Light).
The three grew up in Jamaica and Trinidad, and hence reggae strongly influenced its style, but it was in 1992 in Brooklyn, NY, where Mister Man first saw Kaos perform, that the group was formed. The two began collaborating, and after Mister Man suggested adding a reggae toaster, Y-Tee joined the group. After their early concert dates attracted major-label interest, the trio performed live office auditions and signed with Reprise three months after launching the group. Their first album, "Ambushed" (1994), featured production from Jay Matias, Jermaine Dupri, Ali Shaheed Muhammad, Salaam Gibbs (later known as Salaam Remi) and the group itself, among others. Later releases included "Remember We" in 1995 and their 1996 second album "Gravity", which was the group's first underground and commercial success. Its lead single, "The Love Song", was produced by Posdnous of De La Soul; that single also featured a then-unknown Mos Def singing the chorus, who also sang the chorus and rapped the third verse of the album's seventh track, "S.O.S".
Da Bush Babees have since begun recording and performing again under the name Dub Rock All-Stars and are currently in the process of finalizing an as-yet untitled album. Their most recent performance was May 23, 2012 at the Lyricist Lounge 20 Year Reunion Party at (le) Poisson Rouge in New York City. Also gracing the stage along with Da Bush Babees, were classic Hip-Hop powerhouses Doug E. Fresh, Kid Capri, Black Thought of The Roots, Prodigy of Mobb Deep, Mos Def, Pharoahe Monch and many others.
Mr. Man later changed his nickname to Mr. Khaliyl, and later Lord Khaliyl. and went on to produce for other artists, and also released a rare 12-inch single on Rawkus featuring Talib Kweli, Pharoahe Monch and DCQ. Mr. Man has also recently produced for such artists as Res and Fabolous.
Baby Face Kaos dropped out of Fort Hamilton High School in Brooklyn, N.Y.

</doc>
<doc id="2848162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848162" title="David Wicks">
David Wicks

David Wicks is a fictional character from the BBC TV soap opera "EastEnders", played by Michael French. David originally appeared between 23 December 1993 and 21 November 1996. David returned to the show on 1 January 2012, but departed two weeks later. In September 2013 though, French decided to reprise the role full-time. During this time, David has been involved in various storylines, such as reunited with his ex, Carol Jackson (Lindsey Coulson), and struggling to cope with her diagnosis of breast cancer. On 17 May 2014, it was announced that French had once again decided to leave the show. David left on 30 May, after his relationship with Carol broke down. 
Storylines.
Backstory.
David is the son of Pat Wicks (Pam St. Clement) and her first husband Pete Beale (Peter Dean). Pat and Pete split up when David and his brother Simon (Nick Berry) were young and Pat remarried to Brian Wicks (Leslie Schofield), who adopted both David and Simon (who turned out to be Brian's biological son). Meanwhile Pete remarried to Kathy Hills (Gillian Taylforth) and had another son, Ian (Adam Woodyatt). Pete had no further contact with David and Simon when they moved away from Walford in 1976.
During his teenage years David got his girlfriend Carol Branning (Lindsey Coulson) pregnant at the age of 13. David and the rest of the Branning family tried to persuade Carol to have an abortion and Carol's brother Derek Branning (Terence Beesley, later Jamie Foreman) severely beat David up. The Wicks family left Walford, due to Derek's aggression so David never knew if Carol had the abortion or not. For the next few years, David, his mother and brother, suffered at the violent hands of his abusive stepfather, Brian. Pat also proved to be a negligent mother due to her alcoholism and constant promiscuity. The seventeen-old David moved to live with his girlfriend, Lorraine Foster (Jacqueline Leonard) and married before the birth of their son Joe (Paul Nicholls) in 1980 when David was 18. This was followed by a daughter, Karen, in 1982. David was a restless man feeling tied down and after several affairs he left his wife and children in 1988.
1993–96.
David returns to Albert Square on 23 December 1993 for the funeral of his father Pete, who had died in a car crash two weeks earlier. A few weeks later he moves in with his mother Pat and soon goes into business with her stepson Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) with a car lot that they name "Deals on Wheels". David receives a stark reminder of his past in the form of Carol and her large brood of children, and soon finds himself falling for her oldest daughter Bianca (Patsy Palmer). Carol is very hostile towards him, and is horrified when she witnesses the growing relationship between David and Bianca. This results in Carol telling David that Bianca is his daughter in March 1994. David is stunned but agrees to keep his distance from Bianca, much to her chagrin. The truth is revealed to an embarrassed Bianca in March 1995 when, after drunkenly trying to kiss David after he rescues her from being mugged, David is forced to confess that she is his daughter. Despite being initially hostile towards David, Bianca soon forms a close relationship with her father. David's estranged son Joe arrives in Walford in April 1996. With him comes the news that his daughter Karen died in a car accident nine months previously. Joe's return causes many problems for David, and at first David rejects the idea of having his son back in his life. However, after Joe runs away and arrives back at David's again, he becomes more receptive to Joe and the idea of having him in his life again. Eventually Joe and Lorraine move down to London from Bolton and Joe moves in with David. However, Joe seriously blames himself for Karen's death, and this leads to Joe developing schizophrenia. Joe exhibits increasingly strange behaviour that gets progressively worse. This is one of the main reasons that David eventually leaves Walford.
David is a notorious womaniser. He has relations with Sam Mitchell (Danniella Westbrook) and an affair with Cindy Beale (Michelle Collins), the wife of his half-brother Ian. Cindy becomes obsessed with the idea of running off with David, and hires a hit man to kill Ian. Ian is shot but survives, and when David finds out he ends the relationship, but not before helping Cindy escape with her two sons. Shortly after, David has a fling with ex-partner, Carol. Eventually, the truth is revealed about David's affair with Cindy and his fore-knowledge of the attempted murder of Ian. The loss of friends and alienation of his family, together with Joe's worsening mental condition with schizophrenia leads David to decide leave Albert Square for Milan. David leaves in a torrent of tears after telling Joe he is going. In 2010, David sends Bianca £10,000 for her wedding, as he is unable to attend. In December 2011, Pat phones David after she learns that he has had an affair with his brother Simon's wife. Pat argues with David on the phone about his infidelity, and ends the call on bad terms.
2012–14.
David returns after hearing that Pat is ill. He is later stunned to discover that Pat is in fact dying of pancreatic cancer. They argue and David resolves to leave, but Carol persuades him to stay. Derek arrives and provokes David, and a fight breaks out. David tells Derek he is staying and returns to Pat, where he forgives her for her past mistakes and she dies in his arms. David decides to stay in Walford to plan Pat's funeral. He flirts with Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) and goes to have sex with her, but has second thoughts and nothing happens. David then declares his love for Carol. She reciprocates, and the pair reunite. David tries to settle his differences with Derek, but Derek threatens him. Michael Moon (Steve John Shepherd) suggests to David that they should team up to bring Derek down and get him arrested. David agrees after Derek upsets Carol. They attempt to set Derek up by having Michael plant stolen goods in Derek's home. However, Derek catches Michael in the act, and Michael blames the entire scheme on David. When David learns of this he begs Carol to leave with him. Carol agrees, but after Pat's funeral, David is confronted by Derek and his brothers Jack (Scott Maslen) and Max (Jake Wood). Derek threatens to kill David, but Jack and Max restrain Derek as they let David go. As he returns to his car to meet Carol, he sees her saying an emotional goodbye to Bianca and her family, so realises her family needs her and leaves without her. David sends a letter to Carol but it is intercepted and locked away by Derek. After Derek dies, the letter is found and Carol tries to contact David but discovers his phone number has been disconnected.
Several months later, David unexpectedly arrives at Carol's house, interrupting her evening with her boyfriend, Masood Ahmed (Nitin Ganatra), saying he has a present for Bianca. His girlfriend Naomi (Lisa Maxwell) arrives with a suitcase of cash that they stole from her husband Don (Simon Thorp). Naomi realises that David wants to give some of the cash to Bianca, and when he says they are just using each other, she calls Don, who arrives and beats David up. Carol takes him in, which bothers Masood. When he recovers, he agrees to leave but manipulates Carol into letting him stay until Bianca returns. He attempts to meddle in Masood and Carol's relationship because he wants Carol back. When Bianca returns, she is overjoyed to see David, but asks him to leave for Carol's sake. However, she changes her mind when she decides she wants her father around. David realises that Max is in prison because he was set up by Carl White (Daniel Coonan) and that Ian is probably lying about being a witness. When David cannot convince Ian to retract his statement, he tells Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) what he knows, who kidnaps Ian so that Max is set free and Carol has her brother back. In gratitude, Max offers David a job at the car lot. David and Carol drift apart and she asks him to leave the family home. After Alice's brother Joey Branning (David Witts) tips him off, David becomes suspicious that his former step-sister Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) killed Michael and has framed Alice Branning (Jasmyn Banks). He manipulates Janine into letting him move in and then into confessing the murder. He records the confession on his phone and blackmails Janine into giving him £250,000 or he will reveal the truth.
When Carol starts to act erratically, David asks her what the matter is. She brings him along to a doctor's appointment where he discovered she has breast cancer. Carol later invites David to move back in with him. Janine panics that she may go to prison and decides to kill David by running him over with a car, but he suffers only minor injuries. He takes Janine to her house and takes the £250,000, but agrees to wait a day before calling the police, so that Janine can have a chance to be a mother to her daughter Scarlett Moon, while still ensuring Alice's release from prison. He also blurts out about Carol's cancer to Janine, saying that he wants the money to pay for her care. David returns to Carol's house, where she reveals she found his phone and has heard Janine's confession. He asks for his phone back, but she tells him that she's handed it to Joey. When he goes to stop Joey, he sees Janine being arrested. David asks Max, who rents the car lot building, if he can have a 50% control of the business, and offers him £50,000 to do it up. When Max refuses, David tells him about Carol's illness and he decides to accept the offer. However, Max is furious when he finds the porter cabin that he uses being taken away. About an hour later, a bigger porter cabin arrives with a new name, titled "Deals On Wheels". David later buys the building from Roxy, for £100,000, leaving him in full control of the business. However, he promises Carol that he will continue to treat Max properly. In February 2014, Carol dumps Masood, after realizing that she still loves David, and the couple get engaged the following month. In the build-up to the wedding, David is tempted by Nikki Spraggan (Rachel Wilde), and kisses her on one occasion, though he regrets this and rejects her on several other occasions. When Bianca discovers this, David reaffirms his love for Carol. On the day of the wedding, David suffers a heart attack and collapses in the middle of the Square, leading Carol to believe that he has jilted her again. He is taken into hospital, where Carol eventually realises he is, and visits him. However, they argue, as Carol believes that he isn't as ill as he is making out. Carol leaves the hospital. David discharges himself the next day, and visits Carol at home. Despite their attempts to save their relationship, both concede that they cannot work. After sharing one last dance together, David agrees to move out, and also to return to hospital. However, he changes his mind at the last minute, and asks his driver to take him to Heathrow Airport alone. David is driven out of the square in a flood of tears with Julia's theme playing over his departure.
Development.
Departure (1996).
It was announced in February 1996 that French and Michelle Collins had decided to quit their roles of David and Cindy in order to pursue other roles. An "EastEnders" insider said that Cindy is desperate for David to leave the Square with her and the children and is said to "rock the square". Producers were reportedly trying to keep French with the show but only managed to persuade him to stay for another few months. French was rumoured to have "cracked up" when filming his final scenes as David. He broke down during filming and said to the cast: "I can't go on". An insider said that French repeatedly kept getting one line wrong and later stormed off set and refused to continue until crew members were able to calm him down.
Return (2012).
On 7 July 2011, it was announced that St. Clement had quit "EastEnders". In October 2011, it was rumoured that David and Simon were to return to "EastEnders" for Pat's departure storyline. "The Sun" reported producers were working to get French and Berry on board. A BBC spokesperson declined to comment on the report, saying "There has been a lot of speculation surrounding Pat's departure, however we are not going to comment on rumours at this stage as we don't want to spoil the storyline for viewers." On 13 November 2011, it was confirmed French would be reprising his role as David after an absence of 15 years.
Departure (2014).
In May 2014, it was announced that French was leaving the soap for a third time. His last episode was broadcast on 30 May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="2848164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848164" title="Nur ad-Din al-Bitruji">
Nur ad-Din al-Bitruji

Nur ad-Din al-Bitruji (also spelled Nur al-Din Ibn Ishaq Al-Betrugi and Abu Ishâk ibn al-Bitrogi; another spelling is al Bidrudschi) (known in the West by the Latinized name of Alpetragius) (died ca. 1204 AD) was an astronomer and a Qadi from Al-Andalus. Despite his limited knowledge of Ptolemy's "Almagest", al-Biṭrūjī was the first astronomer after Ptolomy to present a non-Ptolemaic astronomical system as an alternative to Ptolemy's models. Another original aspect of his system was that he proposed a physical cause of celestial motions.
The crater Alpetragius on the Moon is named after him.
Life.
Almost nothing about his life is known, except that his name probably derives from Los Pedroches (al-Biṭrawsh), a region near Cordoba. He was a disciple of Ibn Tufail (Abubacer) and was a contemporary of Averroes.
Planetary model.
Al-Bitruji proposed a theory on planetary motion in which he wished to avoid both epicycles and eccentrics, because of the difficulty of mapping Ptolemy's epicyclic model onto Aristotle's concentric spheres.
It was suggested based on the Latin translations that his system is an update and reformulation of that of Eudoxus of Cnidus combined with the motion of fixed stars developed by al-Zarqālī. However, it is not known whether the Andalusian cosmologists had access or knowledge of Eudoxus works.
One original aspects of al-Biṭrūjī's system is his proposal of a physical cause of celestial motions. He combines the idea of "impetus" (first proposed by John Philoponus) and the concept of "shawq" ("desire"), of Abū al‐Barakāt al‐Baghdādī, to explain how energy is transferred from a first mover placed in the 9th sphere to other spheres, explaining the other spheres' variable speeds and different motions. He contradicts the Aristotelian idea that there is a specific kind of dynamics for each world, applying instead the same dynamics to the sublunar and the celestial worlds.
Works.
Al-Bitruji wrote "Kitāb al-Hayʾah" (The book of theoretical astronomy/cosmology, Arabic, كتاب الهيئة), which presented criticism of Ptolomy's "Almagest" from a physical point of view. 
It was well known in Europe between the 13th and the 16th centuries, and was regarded as a valid alternative to Ptolemy's "Almagest" in scholastic circles.
This work was translated into Latin by Michael Scot in 1217 as "De motibus celorum" (first printed in Vienna in 1531). A Hebrew translation by Moses ibn Tibbon was done in 1259.
There is also an anonymous treatise on tides (Escorial MS 1636, dated 1192) which contains material seemingly borrowed from al-Bitruji.

</doc>
<doc id="2848167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848167" title="Red Mitchell">
Red Mitchell

Keith Moore "Red" Mitchell (September 20, 1927, New York City – November 8, 1992, Salem, Oregon), was an American jazz double-bassist, composer, lyricist, and poet. 
Biography.
Mitchell was born on September 20, 1927 in New York City. His younger brother, Whitey Mitchell, also became a jazz bassist.
Mitchell was raised in New Jersey by a father who was an engineer and loved music, and a mother who loved poetry. His first instruments were piano, alto saxophone, and clarinet. Although Cornell University awarded him an engineering scholarship, by 1947 he was in the US Army playing bass. The next year he was in a jazz trio in New York City. 
Mitchell became known for performing and/or recording with Mundell Lowe, Chubby Jackson, Charlie Ventura, Woody Herman, Red Norvo, Gerry Mulligan, and, after joining the West Coast jazz scene in the early 1950s, with André Previn, Shelly Manne, Hampton Hawes, Billie Holiday, Stan Seltzer, Ornette Coleman, and others. He also worked as a bassist in the TV and film studios around Los Angeles, occasionally appearing on screen. Mitchell also appeared in documentaries about Tal Farlow, and Zoot Sims. 
Saxophonist Harold Land and Mitchell founded and co-led a quintet in the early 1960s. In 1966, Red began tuning his bass in fifths (as the violin, viola, and cello are tuned), and his tuning method opened up many possibilities for bassists. 
Mitchell moved to Stockholm in 1968. He won a Swedish Grammy Awards in 1986 and again in 1991 for his recorded performances as a pianist, bassist, and vocalist, and for his compositions and poetic song lyrics. 
During this period, Mitchell performed and/or recorded with Clark Terry, Lee Konitz, Herb Ellis, Jim Hall, Joe Pass, Kenny Barron, Hank Jones, Ben Webster, Bill Mays, Warne Marsh, Jimmy Rowles, Phil Woods, Roger Kellaway, Putte Wickman and others. He frequently collaborated in duos, most notably with pianist Kellaway after the mid-1980s. 
Returning to the United States in early 1992, Mitchell settled in Oregon where he died at age 65 on November 8, 1992. 
A collection of his poetry was published posthumously. His widow is preparing a biography.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Gene Ammons
With Chet Baker
With Maynard Ferguson
With Ben Webster
With J.J. Johnson
With Dick Rosmini

</doc>
<doc id="2848177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848177" title="Fred Wise (physician)">
Fred Wise (physician)

Fred Wise (October 3, 1881 – July 26, 1950) was an American dermatologist. He is a co-eponym of Wise-Rein disease along with Charles R. Rein. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848178" title="Dave Freer">
Dave Freer

Dave Freer is a South African-born science fiction author writing mostly humorous or alternate history novels.
Biography.
Dave grew up on the edge of a city next to a ~500-acre nature preserve of coastal bush. His father crewed on a commercial fishing boat on weekends. After a stint in boarding school, where he learned "Smoking, strong drink and pursuit of wild women", he was conscripted at age 17 into the South African Defence Force and sent to the Angolan Border as a medic (his last choice). "My choices were five years in jail, leave the country, or go in for a year. I'm a strong swimmer, but the Atlantic seemed too large..." The year stretched into two. Afterwards he married, went to university and became an ichthyologist, then worked as research officer for the Western Cape commercial shark fishery. To make ends meet, and alleviate writing "amazingly dull" papers on fishery matters, he moonlighted as a commercial diver for a mussel farm. He managed a fish farm for a time, but the farm was forced to close (through no fault of his own) and he started to write. Six years and seventy-four rejections later his first book ("The Forlorn") was published by Baen Books.
Dave is an ardent rock-climber and has opened many routes near Morgan's Bay in the Eastern Cape (South Africa). He is also an accomplished chef, winetaster, and also enjoys fly-fishing and diving.
For many years he lived near Mount West in the Kwa-Zulu Natal Midlands with his wife, Barbara, and two sons, Paddy and James. In early 2010 he and his wife emigrated to Flinders Island, in the Australian state of Tasmania.
Dave has his own forum at Baen's Bar, a website, and a blog about "the Freer Family's adventures and misadventures emigrating to Flinders Island".
His literary agent in the United States is the OnyxHawk agency.
Awards.
His 2008 Novel, "Slow Train to Arcturus", won the Best Science Fiction and Fantasy Novel in the Preditors & Editors Readers Poll 2008
Bibliography.
Drowned World.
This young adult steampunk is set in an alternate 1970s earth where one scientific discovery was never made leading to massive global warming. 
ISBN 978-1616146252
ISBN 978-1616146924
Fish Story series.
Short stories.
Heirs of Alexandria series.
With Eric Flint and Mercedes Lackey). Set in an alternate "Venetian Empire" in which magic thrives.
Note: a significant amount of text, and a couple of major characters in this work, are adapted from stories written by Lackey in the Merovingen Nights shared universe series. That series was started by C. J. Cherryh in her novel "Angel with the Sword".
Karres series.
Expands the characters and situations in the novel "The Witches of Karres" by James H. Schmitz (1966) into a series.

</doc>
<doc id="2848180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848180" title="Reticulocyte index">
Reticulocyte index

The Reticulocyte production index (RPI, also called a "corrected reticulocyte count") is a calculated value used in the diagnosis of anemia. This calculation is necessary because the raw reticulocyte count is misleading in anemic patients. The problem arises because the reticulocyte count is not really a "count" but rather a "percentage": it reports the number of reticulocytes as a percentage of the number of red blood cells. In anemia, the patient's red blood cells are depleted, creating an erroneously elevated reticulocyte count.
Physiology.
Reticulocytes are newly produced red blood cells. They are slightly larger than totally mature red blood cells, and have some residual ribosomal RNA. The presence of RNA allows a visible blue stain to bind or, in the case of fluorescent dye, result in a different brightness. This allows them to be detected and counted as a distinct population.
The idea of the RPI is to assess whether the bone marrow is producing an appropriate response to an anemic state. Reticulocyte production should increase in response to any loss of red blood cells. It should increase within 2–3 days of a major acute hemorrhage, for instance, and reach its peak in 6–10 days. If reticulocyte production is not raised in response to anemia, then the anemia may be due to an acute cause with insufficient time to compensate, or there is a defect with red blood cell production in the bone marrow. Marrow defects include nutritional deficiencies (i.e. iron, folate, or B12) or insufficient erythropoietin, the stimulus for red blood cell production. Reticulocytopenia, or "aplastic crisis", is the medical term for an abnormal decrease of reticulocytes in the body
The reticulocyte percentage index may find new use as a more reliable detector of erythropoietin-doping in athletes. The use of this method is referred to as "biological passport."
Calculation of RPI.
Reticulocyte Production Index is calculated as follows:
1.formula_1
A value of 45 is usually used as a normal hematocrit.
2.The next step is to correct for the longer life span of prematurely released reticulocytes in the blood—a phenomenon of increased red blood cell production. This relies on a table:
So, in a person whose reticulocyte count is 5%, hemoglobin 7.5 g/dL, hematocrit 25%, the RPI would be:
formula_2 → RPI formula_31.4
Alternatively some books provide the following formula:
formula_4
Interpretation.
Interpretation of these values are not standard and vary based on specific laboratory values and clinical context. 

</doc>
<doc id="2848181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848181" title="Mega Enterprise">
Mega Enterprise

Mega Enterprise () or also MEGA, was a South Korean company that specialised in developing video games. Mega Enterprise was best known for having developed two only Arcade games: "Pull Trigger" (released in 2003), and "Metal Slug 4" for the Neo Geo after the original developer, SNK, went bankrupt.
In South Korea, Mega also published PC and PS2 games from companies like Activision (for the first), and SNK Playmore (instead for the second).
It is also developing the upcoming "Metal Slug Online" game for PC.
Games published by MEGA.
All games listed for each platform are published only in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="2848183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848183" title="4x4 EVO 2">
4x4 EVO 2

4x4 EVO 2 is a video game developed by Terminal Reality for the Sony PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows. It is the sequel to "4x4 Evolution" and features more trucks, and more racing tracks than the original game.
"4x4 EVO 2" is a racing game in which the general point of the gameplay is to cross the finish line before all of the other vehicles. The courses are primarily in extreme environments such as deserts, canyons, and other off-road locales. Players are allowed to customize their vehicle to their liking with a variety of engine, suspension, wheels, tires, and other aftermarket parts and modifications.
Gameplay.
Career.
The goal of career is to build or buy the fastest off-road vehicle possible. The player does so by purchasing their first vehicle, and then placing well in races to earn money, which is spent on better vehicles later, and various modifications. All races in career are organized into a large number of series of varying length. Certain series also require certain prerequisites, such as a specific vehicle type, or completion of a qualification event. The player is free to complete the series in any order, and can enter multiple tournaments at once without losing progress in the other. Joining a team is not a requirement, but grants various benefits that allow the player to build a faster vehicle.
Teams.
There are a total of 9 fictional teams in career mode, one for each vehicle manufacturer. To join a team, a player must place well in career races to improve their reputation. Doing so in a team's sponsor manufacturer will improve the player's reputation even faster with that team (for example, winning multiple races in a GMC will quickly improve a player's standing with Drehkraft, their sponsored team). Another way is to race in qualifiers, because the game counts each qualifier as an entire series. Each team has at least one team racing vehicle, which is already heavily modified, as well as covered in various sponsors and vinyls. To purchase most team vehicles, the player must be a part of the vehicle's team. Teams also possess team parts, modifications applicable to any vehicle that usually offer a substantial performance boost. As with vehicles, the player must be part of a team to purchase their parts. The teams and sponsors are:
Missions.
The player may also play through missions set in various locations, which typically revolve around locating various objects in the area. Each location has multiple missions, which revolve around a single profession or storyline. Missions between areas are not intertwined, however, and are unrelated to the racing portion of career. Missions can pay anywhere from $500 to $400,000. (All Alaska mission pays a grand total of about $750,000.)
Tracks.
Every track houses a circuit made up of checkpoints and a start/finish line. The rest of the environment is free to be explored at any time by the player. Tracks do not have any boundaries, either, and reaching the edge will repeat the area again, with the player at the opposite side of the map. A majority of the tracks are real world races and locations, including Costa Rica, the Tri Baja 300, and Egypt. Certain tracks also contain a hidden treasure chest, that awards the player a certain amount of money when driven through. Once collected, they will disappear permanently. There may be a glitch/bug where objects do not align with the graphics, causing your vehicle to seemingly crash into nothing.
Vehicles.
There are a total of 112 selectable trucks and SUVs ranging from compact to full size from the following manufacturers.
Ford was pulled from the game after licensing issues (present in the original 4x4 Evolution and the beta version of the sequel). Ford is said to have wanted too much for the use of their vehicles. There is a user-made pack available that includes these vehicles converted from 4x4 Evolution. Even though the game was released in 2001 for PC, there are still new people starting to try out Truck Making and Track Making.
Trucks in Multiplayer: If you downloaded a modded truck that another player does not have, they will see the vehicle that is on top of their POD.INI list.
Outside of career, the player may choose pre-modified vehicles from a set list.
4x4 Evo 2 Made Free.
In late 2007, Terminal Reality's contract with the car manufacturers whose vehicles were used in the game expired. This causes the way that it was making it illegal for them to sell the game. That made it so that the only way for 4x4 Evolution 2 to legally be gotten unused was by downloading the game from somewhere for free. The only catch was that the stock licensed vehicles could not be with it. So, TRI gave KC Vale exclusive rights to host the game on his website for free. To obtain the free version of the game, which is stripped of the vehicles and includes several user-made vehicles, go to vales.com/evo2, register for an account, and then follow the links on the front page to the free download link.
Multiplayer.
Despite having been released over a decade ago, the online community still exists, with a fair number of players, and some moderators who manage chatrooms. Dedicated servers are long gone, but it is possible to host games over the internet, and join other player-hosted games. There has been a known issue with the multiplayer feature where it will read "missing *.sit" There is no known fix.
Reception.
GameSpot said for the PC version, "If you can put up with some frustrating inconsistencies and technical problems, 4x4 EVO 2 offers some thrilling off-road racing." GameSpot also gave 4x4 EVO 2 a score of 7.8 for the PC version. GameSpot said for the Xbox version, "All of 4x4 EVO 2's small problems pile up to make playing the game as much fun as blowing a shock in a knee-deep mud bog." GameSpot also gave 4x4 EVO 2 a score of 4.8 for the Xbox version. IGN said for the PC version, "Terminal Reality comes back to the off-road racing circuit n a fun and familiar way." IGN also gave 4x4 EVO 2 a score of 8.4 for the PC version.
Tracks/Terrains.
Team RCG (Really Crazy Gamers) have some of the most well known tracks for this game made by some of their members. RTMAC (Road To Max Air's Cabin, or Return To Max Air's Cabin) is probably the most well known track made by a player by the name of Max Air. There are several ways to download tracks. The widely used way is by downloading them from a website. The more less used ways are by downloading ingame via direct link (e.g. http://site.com/track.pod). The two types of tracks are .POD and .LTE.
Jeep 4x4 Evolution 2.
Jeep 4x4 Evolution 2, was a special demo/contest version that was available free on Jeep's website in 2002 for download near the time of release of 4x4 Evolution 2. It contained a fairly restricted version of the game with loose recreations of real world off-road locations. Such as the Rubicon, and Moab. Codes were sent out by Jeep on a weekly basis in order to unlock new tracks, vehicles, and parts in the game.
This version did not have official custom track/vehicle support.
Of note this version did include features that did not make it into the final game. Features such as: 
"-Switchable diff locks
"-Improved object collision detection
"-Improved simulation of mud
"-Proper simulation automatic transmissions (Torque converter, proper gear counts, fixes issues present using it in Evo 1, and 2)
"-Buggy usage of winches in multiplayer
In 2006 or 2007, Jeep's contract with Terminal Reality whose game components used in Jeep 4x4 Evolution 2 expired. This shows that it was making it illegal for them to keep the mod up for download.
4x4 Revolution.
4x4 Revolution, is an add-on for 4x4 Evolution 2 created by the fans of the original game. 4x4 Revolution removes a few limitations for game modifying purposes, by increasing the max texture sizes that are allowed, increasing the 3D model polygon limits, and increasing the limits at the max custom vehicle and track amounts. 4x4 Revolution mod also includes access to other than only the public servers in the multiplayer mode.
Some fans of the 4x4 Evolution 2 game are against the usage of the 4x4 Revolution modification in multiplayer, since they consider it is the equivalent to cheating. Mainly for this reason, there are now privately owned public servers for 4x4 Revo players.
In December 2010, downloading of 4x4 Revolution has ceased due to hacking of the servers that 4x4 Revolution's web forum and gallery reside on. The direct link to the downloading of 4x4 Revolution Beta 1.00 has also been taken down. There is no word yet as to why. Months later, a new download link is available for the installer. It is still available for download as of today. Most links you will find are dead, but a few will still be there.

</doc>
<doc id="2848197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848197" title="Jim Ed Brown">
Jim Ed Brown

James Edward "Jim Ed" Brown (born April 1, 1934 in Sparkman, Arkansas) is an American country music singer who achieved fame in the 1950s with his two sisters as a member of The Browns. He later had a successful solo career from 1965 to 1974, followed by a string of major duet hits with Helen Cornelius through 1981. Brown is currently the host of the "Country Music Greats Radio Show", a syndicated country music program from Nashville, Tennessee.
Biography.
Brown and his sisters, Maxine and Bonnie, moved to Pine Bluff, Arkansas as children. They formed a singing group in the early 1950s and also sang individually until 1954, when Jim Ed and Maxine signed a record contract as a duo. They earned national recognition and a guest spot on Ernest Tubb's radio show for their humorous song "Looking Back To See", which hit the top ten and stayed on the charts through the summer of 1954.
The Browns.
Jim Ed and Maxine were joined in 1955 by 18-year-old Bonnie, and The Browns began performing on "Louisiana Hayride" in Shreveport, Louisiana. By the end of 1955, the trio was appearing on KWTO-AM in Springfield, Missouri, and had another top ten hit with "Here Today and Gone Tomorrow", which got a boost by their national appearances on ABC-TV's "Ozark Jubilee". They signed with RCA Nashville in 1956, and soon had two major hits, "I Take the Chance" and "I Heard the Bluebirds Sing". When Jim Ed was drafted in 1957, the group continued to record while he was on leave, and sister Norma filled in for him on tours. He was stationed at Fort Carson, Colorado.
In 1959, The Browns scored their biggest hit when their folk-pop single "The Three Bells" reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 pop and country charts. The song also peaked at No. 10 on "Billboard's" Rhythm and Blues listing. Remakes of the pop hits "Scarlet Ribbons" and "The Old Lamplighter" continued the hit streak, reaching the top 15 on "Billboard's" Pop and Country surveys. The trio had moderate successes on the country music charts for seven years thereafter. In 1963, they joined the Grand Ole Opry and in 1967 the group disbanded.
Solo career.
Brown continued to record for RCA and had a number of country hits, starting in 1965 while still with his sisters. In 1967, he released his first solo top ten hit, "Pop a Top", which became his signature song. In 1970, he gained a crossover hit with "Morning" which went to No. 4 on the country charts and No. 47 on the pop charts. Other hits included "Angel's Sunday" (1971), "Southern Loving" (1973), "Sometime Sunshine" (1974) and "It's That Time Of Night" (1974).
Beginning in 1976, Brown released a string of major duet hits with Helen Cornelius starting with the No. 1 hit, "I Don't Want to Have to Marry You". Other hits for the duo included "Saying Hello, Saying I Love You, Saying Goodbye" (1977), "Born Believer" (1977), "I'll Never Be Free" (1978), "If the World Ran Out of Love Tonight" (1978), "You Don't Bring Me Flowers" (a cover of the then-recent Neil Diamond-Barbra Streisand hit) (1979), "Lying In Love With You" (1979), "Fools" (1979), "Morning Comes Too Early" (1980) and "Don't Bother to Knock" (1981).
Brown hosted the syndicated country radio show "Jim Ed Brown's Country Place" and the television show "Nashville On The Road". He also hosted The Nashville Network programs, "You Can Be A Star" (a talent show), and "Going Our Way," which featured Brown and his wife traveling the U.S. in an RV.
Radio host.
Brown currently hosts two nationally syndicated country music radio shows, the weekly two-hour "Country Music Greats Radio Show" and the weekday short-form vignette, "Country Music Greats Radio Minute". Both are broadcast by over 300 radio stations to a weekly audience exceeding three million, as well as on the Internet. Recorded at the Hard Scuffle Studios in Nashville, the "Country Music Greats Radio Show" blends music from the 1940s through the 1990s with an interview archive of country stars past and present. Brown also tells tales of living and working in the country music industry.
He remains an active and popular member of the Grand Ole Opry, where he has been a member since 1963 and occasionally reunites onstage with Cornelius. He lives in the south Nashville suburb of Brentwood, Tennessee with his wife Becky.
Discography.
Link to discography above

</doc>
<doc id="2848206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848206" title="I Am the Resurrection">
I Am the Resurrection

"I Am the Resurrection" is a song by The Stone Roses and the final song on the UK version of their debut album.
The last four minutes of the song is an instrumental outro. The song is in the key of B Mixolydian. The single was released on 30 March 1992, and reached number 33 on the UK Singles Chart. It was the last of several singles released from their debut album while the band were estranged from their label Silvertone.
The track's title and its placing as the final song on the album is believed to have influenced the title of their long-awaited follow-up album, "Second Coming", which was released five years later.
"Q" magazine placed it at number 10 in its list of the 100 Greatest Guitar Tracks.
"NME" magazine placed "I Am the Resurrection" at number 8 in its list of the 50 Greatest Indie Anthems Ever.
Originally, the 12" exclusively contained the 8:13 long "Extended 16:9 Ratio Club Mix". Other versions were considerably shorter.
Artwork.
John Squire designed the "I Am the Resurrection" cover, (an up-close shot from the cover of the first album) continuing the Jackson Pollock-influenced theme of singles from "The Stone Roses".
Track listing.
7": ORE 40, Cassette: ORE 40C
12": ORE T 40
CD: ORE CD 40
Religious and Messianic language.
Biblical scholar James Crossley has noted the biblical language throughout the song where the singer takes on the role of a Christ-like or God-like figure ("I am the resurrection and I am the life"). In addition to the title alluding to John 11, he argues that there are references to stubbornness and repentance found in the prophetic literature of the Old Testament (which repeatedly uses the language of "turning" to God) and persistence and redemption in the New Testament which uses the language of knocking at doors (e.g. Luke 11.5-10; Luke 13.23-27). The song therefore partly functions as "a story of God and Israel/humanity in the Bible" but now "applied to a human relationship".
Cover versions.
In 2014, Merrymouth, a folk band led by Ocean Colour Scene singer/songwriter Simon Fowler, and friend of the band, recorded the song on their second album Wenlock Hill.
Quotes.
Ian: "I saw a poster with the words that had been written with fluorescent paint, that was put on the door of a church and it impressed me. So this lyric is about anti-Christianity. If people have a normal brain, they should find out how false this statement is. But sometimes people need mental support even though they understand the real meaning. Very sad or ironic, the church is making money... the Roman Catholic Church is the richest religious organisation in the world, everyone must know that."
John: "song is a murderous attack on one individual, I don't want to tell you who it is. It's someone both Ian and I know."

</doc>
<doc id="2848209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848209" title="William Wells Newell">
William Wells Newell

William Wells Newell (1839 - 1907) was an American folklorist, school teacher, minister and philosophy professor.
Newell was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. After trying his hand at ministry, he was a faculty member at the new philosophy department at Harvard University for a few years. However, the bulk of Newell's career was as a school teacher. Newell founded the American Folklore Society in 1888 where he edited the "Journal of American Folklore". His best known work is "Games and Songs of American Children" (1883, Mineola, N. Y.). The songs included tunes with the lyrics, and is the first collection of folk music of American children.
Legacy.
The American Folklore Society's "Children's Folklore Section" awards the annual Prize, which is presented for the best student essay.

</doc>
<doc id="2848217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848217" title="Articulata">
Articulata

Articulata has four meanings in zoology:

</doc>
<doc id="2848225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848225" title="G. P. Taylor">
G. P. Taylor

Graham Peter Taylor (born 1958 in Scarborough, North Yorkshire), pen-name G. P. Taylor, is the author of the best-selling novels "Shadowmancer", which has been translated into 48 languages, "Wormwood" and "Tersias". Before taking up writing full-time, he was a police officer, motorcyclist and former rock band roadie turned Anglican vicar in the village of Cloughton, North Yorkshire. Taylor has three children and currently resides in Scarborough, North Yorkshire.
Biography.
Taylor grew up in Yorkshire, but moved to London in the 1970s where he worked in the music industry with such bands as The Stranglers, Sex Pistols, Elvis Costello and Adam and the Ants. He became involved in the occult, and lived a life that was, in his own words "into all sorts of weird and wonderful things and wasn’t leading a godly life". He then turned to Christianity, and he later became a vicar with the Church of England.
Taylor completed the manuscript of his first book, "Shadowmancer", which he self-published. Following its launch at Taylor's local bookshop, "The Whitby Bookshop", the title garnered a publishing deal with Faber and Faber in the UK and G. P. Putnam's Sons in the United States for a further six novels, following which he resigned his position as parish priest.
His second novel, "Wormwood", was nominated for a Quill Award. His third novel, "Tersias" was published in the UK in 2005. In August 2006, Faber published a follow up to "Shadowmancer" entitled "The Curse of Salamander Street".
In October 2006, Taylor released "The Tizzle Sisters & Erik" through Markosia. A mixture of prose and graphic novel that he deemed an 'illustronovella', Taylor was joined on the book by fellow collaborators Tony Lee, Dan Boultwood, and "Harry Potter" artist Cliff Wright.
He also contributed text to a book on the Yorkshire coast by photographer Mark Denton.
Taylor announced his retirement from writing in October 2009 in order to care for his daughter, who suffers from Crohn's disease, although he went on to publish three more books in the years that followed.
"Mariah Mundi" film.
In 2008 Taylor signed a deal with film production company Entertainment Motion Pictures (E-Motion) to make a film based the series. In March 2012 it was announced that the film would star Michael Sheen, Lena Heady, Sam Neill, Ioan Gruffudd, and Aneurin Barnard as Mariah Mundi. The title was changed to and the film opened in the United States in January 2014 to generally negative reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="2848230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848230" title="Julie Myers">
Julie Myers

Julie L. Myers (born 1969) was the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. She assumed the job following a recess appointment by President George W. Bush on January 4, 2006. Previously, Myers worked for the Office of Independent Counsel under Kenneth Starr and was a lead prosecutor in the Independent Counsel's failed case against Susan McDougal.
After leaving the Office of Independent Counsel, Myers was appointed Assistant Secretary for Export Enforcement at the Department of Commerce. In that capacity, she oversaw 170 employees and a $25 million budget for one year. She also is the niece of former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Richard Myers, and is the wife of John F. Wood, the former U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Missouri and the former chief of staff for the Secretary of Homeland Security. Michael Chertoff, the Secretary of Homeland Security at the time, was her boss.
Assistant secretary.
On June 30, 2005, Myers was nominated by President Bush to head up the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency. On September 15 she testified in front of the Senate's Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee. The committee approved Myers's nomination on a strict party-line vote (with Republicans voting for the nomination). The full Senate never voted on the nomination, and President Bush gave her a recess appointment on January 4, 2006, to remain in effect until January 3, 2007. He renominated her on January 9, 2007. She was finally confirmed by the Senate on December 19, 2007.
On November 5, 2008, the day after the election of Barack Obama, Secretary Chertoff announced the resignation of Myers effective November 15. Myers was succeeded by ICE Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations John P. Torres, a career ICE employee.
Criticism/Controversy.
Criticism.
Because the head of ICE is required by law to have at least five years of legal and management experience, three U.S. Senators—two Republicans (George V. Voinovich, Ohio; Susan Collins, Maine) and one Independent (Joseph I. Lieberman, Connecticut) -- expressed grave concerns that Myers lacked sufficient law enforcement experience, despite her experience as a federal prosecutor and previously running another federal law enforcement agency under the Department of Commerce. Significant criticism came from conservative commentators, including "The National Review," which urged President Bush to nominate a candidate with more experience.
Myers was criticized for some of the methods used by ICE agents during work site enforcement raids they conducted while she was head of ICE, including subjecting people to interrogation and denying access to bathrooms without an escort. Myers responded that the methods used were legal, citing a 1984 Supreme Court ruling.
Costume party controversy.
On Halloween of 2007, Myers hosted a costume party for ICE employees of which she was a judge. They awarded a top costume prize to a white Homeland Security Department employee dressed as an escaped Jamaican prisoner, complete with a prison jumpsuit, dreadlocks and blackface. Although Myers issued an apology after employees complained the costume was racist and inappropriate, she had been photographed smiling with the costumed employee in question. Under Myers, the employee was temporarily transferred from the agency headquarters to a field office, and an attempt allegedly made to delete the photographs. The photographs, however, were not permanently deleted and the House Committee report featured the shot of Myers smiling with the employee as evidence.
Initially, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff dismissed criticism of Myers, claiming "was kind of caught by surprise by this and in the middle of the party." However, her nomination was delayed. A report by the United States House Committee on Homeland Security ruled that Myers led a "coordinated effort to conceal" her role in the scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="2848237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848237" title="Alfred Palmer">
Alfred Palmer

Alfred Palmer (1852-cir 1936) was a member of the Palmer family, proprietors of the Huntley & Palmers biscuit manufacturers of Reading in England.
He was the son of George Palmer and his wife, Elizabeth Sarah, the daughter of Robert Meteyard. Palmer spent over fifty years working for the Huntley & Palmers biscuit company, chiefly as the head of the engineering department where he was responsible for the building and maintenance of the biscuit machinery. Besides his business involvement, Palmer was a significant benefactor of the University of Reading, and held the position in 1905 of High Sheriff of Berkshire. His country estate was at Wokefield Park in Stratfield Mortimer.

</doc>
<doc id="2848242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848242" title="Graham Taylor (disambiguation)">
Graham Taylor (disambiguation)

Graham Taylor (born 1944) is an English footballer and manager.
Graham Taylor may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848247" title="Agano-class cruiser">
Agano-class cruiser

The four were light cruisers operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy. They participated in numerous actions during World War II.
The "Agano" class was followed by the larger "Ōyodo" class, of which only one vessel was completed.
Background.
The Imperial Japanese Navy had standardized on 5,500 ton displacement light cruisers as flagships for destroyer and submarine squadrons, and numerous vessels constructed shortly after World War I served in this role. The "Agano" class was conceived in the 1930s as a replacement for the aging "Tenryū", "Kuma" and "Nagara" classes. Larger than these previous light cruisers, the "Agano"-class vessels were fast, but with little protection, and were under-gunned for their size.
Originally they were to have eight 6.1-inch guns in four twin mounts but the X turret was eliminated to allow a heavier torpedo armament and to save on costs.
Design.
Initial design specifications for the "Agano" class called for a nominal 5,000 ton displacement hull with six guns and eight dual purpose guns. Its armor was designed to protect against 6 inch gun and vital parts had additional protections. The "Agano" class was unique among Japanese cruisers in that its main armament could elevate to 55 degrees, but this was still not enough to make them effective as anti-aircraft weapons.
The engines were a quadruple-shaft geared turbine arrangement with six boilers, developing for a maximum speed of . Like "Yūbari", the "Agano" class had its stacks join into a single funnel. 
As completed, the main armament was the same type of 152 mm (6 inch) gun as used on the "Kongō"-class battlecruisers, some of these weapons having been removed from the "Fusō" and "Kongō" classes during their modernizations in the early and late 1930s, respectively. This gun fired a projectile . Secondary armament consisted of four 80 mm HA, which were actually 3-inch (76.2 mm) guns in two twin mountings. These guns fired a projectile and were of unique size in the Japanese navy. The design was equipped with thirty-two 25 mm AA guns. The torpedo tubes were mounted on the centerline, as was more common with destroyers, and had a rapid reload system with eight spare torpedoes. Being mounted on the centerline allowed the twin launchers to fire to either port or starboard, meaning that a full eight-torpedo broadside could be fired, whereas a ship with separate port and starboard launchers can only fire half of its torpedoes at a time. The design included a single catapult forward of the main mast, with stowage for two floatplanes. Depth charge equipment was also fitted.
In subsequent upgrades, the 25 mm anti-aircraft weaponry increased to 46 sets by 1944, and then to 52 sets and finally 61 sets by July 1944 on the surviving ships.
Ships in class.
Four ships were budgeted under the 1939 4th Naval Replenishment Programme, three from the Sasebo Navy Yard and one from Yokosuka Naval Arsenal.
"Agano".
Completed on 31 October 1942, "Agano" participated in the battles for Guadalcanal and the Solomon Islands during 1943. "Agano" was badly damaged in Rabaul harbor by aircraft from USS "Saratoga" and USS "Princeton", and in a subsequent attack by aircraft from TF38 on 11 November she received a torpedo hit. Ordered to home waters for repair, she was torpedoed and sunk north of Truk by the US submarine USS "Skate", on 16 February 1944.
"Noshiro".
Commissioned on 30 June 1943, "Noshiro" participated in operations in the Solomon Islands and was damaged during the US carrier aircraft raids on Rabaul on 5 November 1943. She served in the Marianas in the summer of 1944, and was part of Admiral Kurita's force during the Battle of the Philippine Sea. At the Battle of Leyte Gulf in October 1944. She was west of Panay while withdrawing from the Battle off Samar on the morning of 26 October when she was sunk by aircraft from USS "Wasp" (CV-18) and USS "Cowpens" (CVL-25).
"Yahagi".
Commissioned on 29 December 1943 "Yahagi" saw action in the Marianas in May/June 1944, during the Battle of the Philippine Sea, and during the Battle of Leyte Gulf. After the US invasion of Okinawa on 1 April 1945, she was ordered to accompany the "Yamato" on its suicide mission against the American fleet at Okinawa. "Yahagi" was hit by some seven torpedoes as well as a dozen bombs, and sank on the afternoon of 7 April 1945.
"Sakawa".
"Sakawa" was not completed until the end of 1944, by which time there was little fuel available. She survived the war unscratched. After the war she was expended in the atom bomb tests at Bikini Atoll in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="2848251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848251" title="Beam engine">
Beam engine

A beam engine is a type of steam engine where a pivoted overhead beam is used to apply the force from a vertical piston to a vertical connecting rod. This configuration, with the engine directly driving a pump, was first used by Thomas Newcomen around 1705 to remove water from mines in Cornwall. The efficiency of the engines was improved by engineers including James Watt who added a condenser, Jonathan Hornblower and Arthur Woolf who compounded the cylinders, and William McNaught (Glasgow) who devised a method of compounding an existing engine. Beam engines were first used to pump water out of mines or into canals, but could be used to pump water to supplement the flow for a waterwheel powering a mill.
The rotative beam engine is a later design of beam engine where the connecting rod drives a flywheel, by means of a crank (or, historically, by means of a sun and planet gear). These beam engines could be used to directly power the line-shafting in a mill. They also could be used to power steam ships.
History.
The first beam engines were water-powered, and used to pump water from mines. A 'preserved' example may be seen at Wanlockhead, in Scotland.
Beam engines were extensively used to power pumps on the English canal system when it was expanded by means of locks early in the Industrial Revolution, and also to drain water from mines in the same period, and as winding engines.
The first steam-related beam engine was developed by Thomas Newcomen. This was not, strictly speaking, steam powered, as the steam introduced below the piston was condensed to create a partial vacuum thus allowing atmospheric pressure to push down the piston. It was therefore called an Atmospheric Engine. The Newcomen atmospheric engine was adopted by many mines in Cornwall and elsewhere, but it was relatively inefficient and consumed a large quantity of fuel. The engine was improved by Smeaton but James Watt resolved the main inefficiencies of the Newcomen engine in his Watt steam engine by the addition of a separate condenser, thus allowing the cylinder to remain hot. Technically this was still an atmospheric engine until (under subsequent patents) he enclosed the upper part of the cylinder, introducing steam to also push the piston down. This made it a true steam engine and arguably confirms him as the inventor of the steam engine. He also patented the centrifugal governor and the parallel motion. the latter allowed the replacement of chains round an arch head and thus allowed its use as a rotative engine.
His patents remained in place until the start of the 19th Century and some say that this held back development. However in reality development had been ongoing by others and at the end of the patent period there was an explosion of new ideas and improvements. Watt's beam engines were used commercially in much larger numbers and many continued to run for 100 years or more.
Watt held patents on key aspects of his engine's design, but his rotative engine was equally restricted by the patent by an other of the simple crank. The beam engine went on to be considerably improved and enlarged in the tin- and copper-rich areas of south west England, which enabled the draining of the deep mines that existed there. Consequently the Cornish beam engines became world famous, as they remain among the most massive beam engines ever constructed.
Rotative beam engines.
In a rotative beam engine, the piston is mounted vertically, and the piston rod drives the beam as before. A connecting rod from the other end of the beam, rather than driving a pump rod, now drives a flywheel.
Early Watt engines used Watt's patent sun and planet gear, rather than a simple crank, as use of the latter was protected by a patent owned by James Pickard. Once the patent had expired, the simple crank was employed universally.
Marine beam engines.
The first steam-powered ships used variants of the rotative beam engine. These marine steam engines – known as side-lever, grasshopper, crosshead, or 'walking beam', among others – all varied from the original land-based machines by locating the beam or beams in different positions to take up less room on board ship.
Compounding.
Compounding involves two or more cylinders; low-pressure steam from the first, high-pressure, cylinder is passed to the second cylinder where it expands further and provides more drive. This is the compound effect; the waste steam from this can produce further work if it is then passed into a condenser in the normal way. The first experiment with compounding was conducted by Jonathan Hornblower, who took out a patent in 1781. His first engine was installed at Tincroft Mine, Cornwall. It had two cylinders – one diameter with stroke and one diameter with stroke – placed alongside each other at one end of the beam. The early engines showed little performance gain: the steam pressure was too low, interconnecting pipes were of small diameter and the condenser ineffective.
At this time the laws of thermodynamics were not adequately understood, particularly the concept of absolute zero. Engineers such as Arthur Woolf were trying to tackle an engineering problem with an imperfect understanding of the physics. In particular, their valve gear was cutting-in at the wrong position in the stroke, not allowing for expansive working in the cylinder. Successful Woolf compound engines were produced in 1814, for the Wheal Abraham copper mine and the Wheal Vor tin mine.
McNaught engines.
William McNaught of Glasgow, not to be confused with William McNaught of Rochdale (Petrie and McNaught), patented a compound beam engine in 1845. On a beam engine of the standard Boulton & Watt design he placed a high-pressure cylinder, on the opposite side of the beam to the existing single cylinder, where the water pump was normally fitted. This had two important effects: it massively reduced the pressure on the beam, and the connecting steam pipe, being long, acted as an expansive receiver – the element missing in the Woolf design. This modification could be made retrospectively, and engines so modified were said to be "McNaughted". The advantages of a compound engine were not significant at pressures under 60psi, but showed at over 100psi.

</doc>
<doc id="2848257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848257" title="Biltine">
Biltine

Biltine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="2848260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848260" title="Frostbite (2005 film)">
Frostbite (2005 film)

Frostbite is a 2005 film, starring Peter Jason, Traci Lords, Adam Grimes, and Phil Morris. Its main character Billy Wagstaff, played by Adam Grimes, has just been accepted to the notorious snowboarding school in the town Schittsville. When he arrives he is introduced to a group of young, rich snobs that rule the slopes of the mountain, and a psychotic instructor named Jaffe, played by Peter Jason, who gets inspiration for his training from his background as an elite trooper. Before Billy knows of it, he has been kicked out of the school, and thrown down the black slope in a taped garbage can by the "richies". Then the mountain is turned into a war zone between the "richies" and the "poories", led by Billy. 
The film features appearances by Playboy Playmates Suzanne Stokes and Buffy Tyler, the Hawaiian Tropic girls as well as a special appearance by Traci Lords.

</doc>
<doc id="2848262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848262" title="Shenandoah Junction, West Virginia">
Shenandoah Junction, West Virginia

Shenandoah Junction is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson County in the U.S. state of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. As of the 2010 census, Shenandoah Junction had a population of 703. It is located between Kearneysville and Charles Town off WV 9. Shenandoah Junction is home to Jefferson High School and West Virginia's oldest surviving wood frame structure, the Peter Burr House, built around 1751. The land where Shenandoah Junction was built was part of the granted by Lord Fairfax to Lewis Neil. The town was originally called Neil's, but the name was changed to Shenandoah Junction in 1881. The town owes much of its early growth to the coming of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in the 1830s, and the name refers to the junction of the B&O and Norfolk and Western Railway at the center of the community.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Shenandoah Junction has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="2848277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848277" title="The Night Chicago Died">
The Night Chicago Died

"The Night Chicago Died" is a song by the British group Paper Lace, written by Peter Callander and Mitch Murray. The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for one week in 1974, reached number 3 in the UK charts, and number 2 in Canada. It is about a fictional shoot-out between the Chicago Police and members of the Al Capone Syndicate. The narrator retells his mother's anguish while awaiting news of the fate of her husband, a Chicago policeman.
History.
"The Night Chicago Died" was Paper Lace's follow-up single to "Billy Don't Be a Hero", a #1 hit in the U.K. but virtually unheard in the U.S. where Bo Donaldson and the Heywoods' cover reached #1. Callander and Murray wrote both songs.
The U.S. single received a Platinum certification from the Recording Industry Association of America, signifying sales of at least one million copies. Though the song's story is set in the United States, Paper Lace were unable to perform the song live in the U.S. at the height of its popularity because of contractual issues.
The translated version of the song was recorded in Spanish by Mexican Tejano group, Banda Toro, titled "La Noche Que Chicago se Murio"
Accuracy.
"The Night Chicago Died" is about a shoot-out between the Chicago Police and gangsters tied to Al Capone. It may have been inspired by the real-life Saint Valentine's Day Massacre, although that involved Capone's men killing seven of Bugs Moran's gang members and had nothing to do with the police. 
The song's events supposedly take place "on the East Side of Chicago." Chicago has three commonly referred-to regions: the North Side, the West Side and the South Side. The East Side is not one of these "sides" of town, but is a neighborhood in the southeastern part of Cook County. East Side is 13 miles away from where Capone lived on Prairie Avenue in Chicago.
The songwriters said in interviews—most notably on "Beat Club" shortly after the song's smash success—that they had never been to Chicago before that time, and that their knowledge of the city and that period of its history had been based on gangster films.
Paper Lace did send the song to Mayor Richard J. Daley, who was not impressed with the song and greatly disliked it.

</doc>
<doc id="2848278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848278" title="Ralph Metcalf">
Ralph Metcalf

Ralph Metcalf (November 21, 1796 – August 26, 1858) was an American lawyer and politician from New Hampshire who served two terms as Governor.
Early life.
Ralph Metcalf was born in Charlestown, New Hampshire on November 21, 1796. He was educated locally and worked on the farm of his father, a veteran of the American Revolution, until deciding on a career in the law in 1818.
Metcalf graduated from the academy in Chester, Vermont and then attended Dartmouth College, from which he graduated in 1823. He then studied law with Henry Hubbard and attorney Richard Bartlett of Concord, and was admitted to the bar in 1826.
Career.
He practiced law in New Hampshire, first with George B. Upham, and later with David Hale. From 1828 to 1830 he practiced in Binghamton, New York, after which he returned to New Hampshire to open an office in Claremont.
In 1831 Metcalf was elected Secretary of State. He held this post until 1838, when he moved to Washington, D.C. to accept a position in the Department of the Treasury while Levi Woodbury of New Hampshire was serving as Secretary. In 1840 he returned to New Hampshire and practiced law, first in Plymouth, and later in Newport.
In 1845 he was appointed Register of Probate for Sullivan County. In 1848 he was appointed a trustee of the state asylum for the insane,and he served several more non-consecutive terms. He served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1852 to 1853. In 1853 he served on the state commission appointed to codify New Hampshire's statutes.
Governor of New Hampshire.
A member of the Democratic Party for most of his career, Metcalf later became recognized as anti-slavery and an opponent of Franklin Pierce's attempts to obtain passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Act. 
As a result of Metcalf's opposition to slavery, in 1855 he was nominated for Governor by the Know Nothing movement, an effort promoted by Free Soil Democrats including John P. Hale, who hoped to create a movement that would sent New Hampshire anti-slavery activists to the United States Senate. (It worked -- Hale was elected to the Senate in 1855, eventually moving to the Republican Party because of his views on slavery. James Bell, an abolitionist identified with the Opposition Party also won a Senate seat in 1855, and later became a Republican.)
Metcalf won the 1855 race for Governor, defeating incumbent Nathaniel B. Baker, James Bell and Asa Fowler. In 1856 he defeated John S. Wells and Ichabod Goodwin, but his margin over Wells was narrow, and the selection moved to the New Hampshire General Court, which chose Metcalf. Metcalf became identified with the Republican Party when it was founded as the major anti-slavery party in the mid 1850s. In addition to his abolitionist views, Metcalf's governorship was noteworthy for his support of a prohibition law, which passed in 1855, and remained in force until 1889.
He retired after the completion of his second term, and resided in Claremont.
Death and burial.
He died in Claremont on August 26, 1858, and is buried at Hope Hill Cemetery in North Charlestown.
Family.
In 1835 he married Lucretia Ann Bingham. She died a few weeks after giving birth in 1836, and the baby died soon afterwards. He married Martha Ann Gilmore in 1843, and they had two children: son Ralph (1844-1905); and daughter Frances Elizabeth (born 1845).

</doc>
<doc id="2848282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848282" title="Alaksandar Milinkievič">
Alaksandar Milinkievič

Aliaksandr Uładzimiravič Milinkevič (, Aleksandr Vladimirovich Milinkevich, born July 25, 1947, in Grodno) is a Belarusian politician. He was nominated by the leading opposition parties in Belarus to run against incumbent Alexander Lukashenko in the presidential election on March 19, 2006.
Biography.
Milinkevič was born in 1947 in Grodno. After graduating from the University of Hrodna, he defended his Ph.D. thesis at the Institute of Physics of the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus. Between 1980 and 1984 he was in charge of the (then forming) Faculty of Physics at the University of Sétif in Algiers. He also served as a docent at the University of Hrodna between 1978 and 1980, and then from 1984 on to 1990. At that time he also started to cooperate with local city authorities as a chief of one of the committees. Soon he reached the rank of deputy mayor of the city.
In 2001 he was the chief of staff of Siamion Domash, one of the opposition leaders running for president in the 2001 presidential elections of Belarus. In October 2005 he was chosen by the United Democratic Forces of Belarus as the joint candidate of the opposition in the presidential elections of 2006.
On December 12, 2006 he was awarded the Sakharov Prize by the European Parliament.
Campaign for presidency.
In October 2005, at a Congress of Democratic Forces, roughly 900 delegates from various political and civil society groups met in the capital Minsk to pick a single opposition candidate for the 2006 Presidential election. Milinkievič won over three other political leaders at the meeting (including Stanislav Shushkevich and Anatoly Lebedko). The unification process has the aim of selecting a single opposition figure who would run against President Lukashenko, who has run Belarus for over a decade. Belarus' opposition forces had previously tried to field a single candidate in the 2001 presidential elections.
Milinkievič compared his campaign to that of another pro-Western opposition candidate in neighboring Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko, whose victory in late 2004 was dubbed the "Orange Revolution". Although disappointment in Yushchenko's government has culminated in political crisis in September 2005 amid renewed allegations of mass graft coupled with a worsening economic situation, Milinkievič calls last year's events in Ukraine an inspiration for his supporters.
he told Associated Press.
However, opposition leaders realize that an uphill struggle lies ahead, despite their support from U.S.-funded NGOs. Lukashenko's market socialism economy has significant support in rural areas of the country. Belarus is one of the few areas of the Soviet Union where the country's social welfare network remains virtually unchanged since the Soviet era.
In the 2006 presidential election official results gave Milinkievič 6% of the vote against 83% for the incumbent Lukashenko. Confiscation of his leaflets during the campaign was found by the UN Human Rights Committee to violate his rights.
In January 2006 Milinkievič was invited to Paris by the French government. He met with the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, and gave numerous interviews to Western media, including a TV interview to Euronews. Milinkevich, just like any other opposition activist, has absolutely no TV access inside Belarus, as the media in Belarus are state-controlled. The only exception when he was allowed to appear on Belarusian television was his pre-election speech in 2006. Earlier, he had already met the new Polish prime minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz, and the president of Lithuania Valdas Adamkus. In February 2006 he also met the President of the European Commission, José Manuel Barroso, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Javier Solana, and several other top European politicians. His campaign received the backing first of the Polish government and later that of prominent EU officials.
Personal life.
Currently married to Inna Kuley, he has two sons from a previous marriage. Aside from his native Belarusian Milinkievič also speaks Polish, French, and Russian.
Persecution.
In April 2006, Milinkievič was jailed by the government for 15 days for taking part in an unsanctioned rally.
On November 23, 2006, government police detained Milinkevich three times as he traveled around Vitebsk Region with a local opposition activist who was accused of causing a fatal hit-and-run accident in the past. On November 29, 2006, government police detained Milinkevich at a Minsk airport after he returned from a NATO summit in Riga. He was accused of having a forged passport.
On December 4, 2006, Milinkevich was detained by the government in Belozyorsk on suspicion of illegal drug trade.
On January 6, 2007, Milinkevich was arrested by the government twice: first on the suspicion of drunk driving (he was found to be sober) and then on the suspicion of being involved in a traffic accident. On January 29, 2007, Milinkevich said he was fined $2,200 by the government after being tried in absence for leaving Belarus illegally. He called it "revenge by Lukashenko".

</doc>
<doc id="2848283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848283" title="Canadair CT-133 Silver Star">
Canadair CT-133 Silver Star

The Canadair CT-133 Silver Star (company model number CL-30) was the Canadian license-built version of the Lockheed T-33 Shooting Star jet trainer aircraft, in service from the 1950s to 2005. The Canadian version was powered by the Rolls-Royce Nene 10 turbojet, whereas the Lockheed production used the Allison J33.
Design and development.
The Canadair CT-133 is the result of a 1951 contract to build T-33 Shooting Star Trainers for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). The powerplant would be a Rolls-Royce Nene 10 turbojet instead of the Allison J33 used by Lockheed in the production of the original T-33. A project designation of CL-30 was given by Canadair and the name was changed to "Silver Star". The appearance of the CT-133 is very distinctive due to the large fuel tanks usually carried on each wingtip.
A total of 656 CT-133 aircraft were built by Canadair.
Operational history.
The CT-133 entered service in the RCAF as its primary training aircraft for fighter/interceptors. The RCAF named it the "Silver Star" in honour of Canada's (and the British Empire's) first flight of a heavier-than-air craft, the AEA "Silver Dart". The designation of the Silver Star in the Canadian Forces was CT-133.
The CT-133 was reliable and had forgiving flight properties. Its service life in the RCAF (and later the Canadian Forces) was extremely long. One of the more unusual roles it played was as an aerobatic demonstration aircraft, the RCAF's Red Knight. Although the aircraft stopped being used as a trainer in 1976, there were still over 50 aircraft in Canadian Forces inventory in 1995. The youngest of these airframes was then 37 years old and had exceeded its expected life by a factor of 2.5. During this period, the Canadair T-33 was employed in communication, target towing and enemy simulation.
The final Canadair Silver Star Mk. 3 was retired from the Aerospace Engineering Test Establishment at CFB Cold Lake, Alberta, Canada where it was used as an ejection seat testbed after 46 years of service. CT-133 number 133648 was delivered to CFD Mountain View on 26 April 2005. Having been built in March 1959 as CT-133 21648, and had flight hours at the time of retirement. It has been sold on the civil market, along with fifteen other CT-133s. These aircraft will join the fifty others on the United States Civil Register and continue to fly as a part of the living legacy of the early jet age.
Aircraft on display.
The following places have CT-133 Silver Stars on display or in flyable condition:

</doc>
