<doc id="31016020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016020" title="Victor Krylov">
Victor Krylov

Victor Krylov ("") is Russian-born British academic, professor of Acoustics and Vibration at Loughborough University. In recognition of his contribution to the field of Acoustics, he was awarded the prestigious Rayleigh Medal by the Institute of Acoustics in 2000.
Biography.
Victor Krylov was born in Tambov, Russia. After initial training in Radio Physics and Electronics, he received his PhD in Physics and Mathematics (specialisation in Acoustics) from the Moscow State University in 1981. In 1989 he received his DSc in the same disciplines from the Moscow State University and from the Higher Attestation Commission of the former USSR. He has been a research fellow and then a senior research fellow in the Moscow State University from 1980 to 1993. In 1990-1991 he was a SERC visiting fellow in the University of Edinburgh. From 1993 he has been a Professor of Acoustics in the Nottingham Trent University, and in 2001 he joined Loughborough University as Professor of Acoustics and Vibration.
Krylov has been awarded the Highest National Young Scientists Award of the former USSR in 1984 (Lenin Komsomol Prize) and the Rayleigh Medal from the Institute of Acoustics in 2000. His main contributions are in the fields of Physical acoustics, Surface acoustic waves, Laser ultrasonics, Acoustic emission, Ultrasonic non-destructive testing of materials, Railway- and road-generated ground vibrations, Low-frequency noise and vibration, Localised elastic waves in complex structures, Structure-borne vehicle interior noise. He has authored/co-authored/edited five books and more than 250 journal and conference papers.
He has been involved actively in the professional life of the acoustic community in the UK and overseas, serving as a member of the Research Coordination Committee of the Institute of Acoustics (IOA), the Committee of the joint Physical Acoustics Group of the Institute of Acoustics (IOA) and the Institute of Physics (IOP), the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) Peer Review College. He is a fellow of the Institute of Acoustics, member of the Acoustical Society of America, member of the European Mechanics Society, member of the Edinburgh Mathematical Society. He serves in the Editorial Boards of the journals 'Applied Acoustics' and 'Journal of Sound and Vibration'.
Work.
Victor V. Krylov started his PhD research in the Department of Acoustics at the Faculty of Physics of M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University in 1977. The subject of his research in that period was theory of propagation and scattering of Rayleigh surface waves in media with inhomogeneous boundaries. As a result of this research, he has published several papers on Rayleigh wave propagation at very high (hypersonic) frequencies (1979, 1980), when the effects of surface tension and surface elasticity and mass density should be taken into account. Some other papers of this period considered Rayleigh wave propagation and scattering on curved and statistically rough surfaces. These include such general theoretical issues as optical theorem for Rayleigh wave scattering as well as Kramers-Kronig relations and similar types of dispersion relations for surface and guided wave scattering and propagation.
Having become a member of staff of the Department of Acoustics at Moscow M.V. Lomonosov State University, Victor Krylov continued theoretical and experimental investigations of Rayleigh surface waves. In this period, he also started research into acoustic emission from cracks developing in brittle solids and published several papers in this area (1983-1987). Starting from 1982, he published a series of pioneering papers on laser generation of sound in solids, including laser generation of Rayleigh waves. These papers have become an important milestone for further international investigations in this area.
Other notable achievements of that period were theoretical and experimental results on localised vibrations propagating along edges of elastic wedges, also known as 'wedge acoustic waves'. In particular, his theory of localised wave propagation based on geometrical acoustics approach (1989-1991) developed for this particular situation enabled to analyse wedge-like structures of arbitrary shapes and resulted in prediction of some new types of localised waves, including waves propagating along truncated wedges of quadratic shape (1990). These waves can propagate at extremely low phase velocities and they may be important for some practical applications.
In 1993 Victor Krylov joined the staff of the Nottingham Trent University (UK), where he was awarded the title Professor of Acoustics. The main area of his research in Nottingham Trent was Environmental Acoustics and Vibration, in particular ground vibrations generated by railway trains and by road vehicles. In the series of papers published in 1994-1996 he predicted theoretically a very large increase in ground vibrations generated by high-speed railway trains travelling at speeds higher than the velocity of Rayleigh surface waves in the supporting ground. This phenomenon is similar to a sonic boom from supersonic aircraft. In this connection, new definitions, “Ground vibration boom” and “Trans-Rayleigh trains”, have been introduced into the scientific language. The theory has been experimentally confirmed in 1997-1998 on the new high-speed line in Sweden (from Gothenburg to Malmo) where at some places the Rayleigh wave velocity was as low as 45 m/s and train speeds of only 160 km/h were sufficient to observe the effect. It is now recognised by railway operators and developers that, with the increase of operating train speeds, this phenomenon will represent a serious environmental problem for many developed countries.
Other notable achievements of this period were Krylov’s works on environmental low-frequency noise and on localised vibrations of immersed wedge-like structures. In particular, he predicted the existence of localised elastic waves in immersed solid wedges. Such waves may become essential for some interesting applications in aerospace and marine engineering. In particular, it was proposed to use them for wave-like aquatic propulsion (Krylov, 1994). The developed theory has been later confirmed experimentally in the USA and France.
In addition to his main involvement in research into Acoustics and Vibration, Krylov has made a substantial contribution to the development of physical aspects of the theory of contamination of indoor air by toxic soil vapours, including the effects of diffusion, wind effects and the effects of subfloor ventilation (1995-1998). The obtained results have been used by the UK Department of the Environment for risk assessment associated with building new houses on contaminated land.
Since 2001 Victor Krylov has been working in the Department of Aeronautical and Automotive Engineering at Loughborough University as Professor of Acoustics and Vibration. One of his achievements at Loughborough was the development of the principle and theory of the new physical objects – the so-called ‘acoustic black holes’ for flexural waves (2001-2007). Such acoustic black holes can absorb almost 100% of the incident wave energy, and therefore they can be used as efficient dampers of unwanted structural vibrations in different engineering structures. The main principle of the ‘acoustic black hole effect’ is based on a gradual power-law-type decrease in velocity of the incident wave with propagation distance to almost zero, which should be accompanied by efficient energy absorption in thin layers of highly absorbing materials attached to sharp edges. The required gradual reduction in flexural wave velocity with distance can be easily achieved by changing the plate local thickness according to a power law. Theoretical and experimental investigations of one-dimensional and two-dimensional acoustic black holes of different types (2005-2012) have confirmed their efficiency as vibration dampers, especially for light-weight structures, where traditional methods of damping using thick layers of damping materials are impractical.
Interesting new results have been obtained also in the area of applications of localised elastic (flexural) waves in immersed wedge-like structures to wave-like aquatic propulsion of surface and underwater marine vessels. Since the vibration energy of localised flexural waves is concentrated near the tips of wedge-like structures, the hulls of the vessels remain relatively quiet, which makes it possible to use this type of propulsion also for manned marine vessels, in addition to autonomous ones. This method of aquatic propulsion, proposed by Krylov in 1994, emulates the propulsion of some fish, such as stingrays, that use wave-like motion of their wings (fins) for moving forward. It has some advantages over a traditional propeller. In particular, it is energy efficient, and it radiates low underwater noise due to the absence of cavitation. First experimental investigations undertaken on reduced-scale model boats and catamarans have confirmed viability and efficiency of this new method of aquatic propulsion based on excitation and propagation of localised elastic waves in immersed wedge-like structures (2006-2010).
Other interesting results have been obtained in the area of vehicle noise and vibration, which includes reduced-scale modelling of vehicle interior noise (2002-2009), theory of standing waves in tyres at high vehicle speeds (2010), and theory of ground vibrations generated by heavy military wheeled and tracked vehicles, including tanks and armoured personnel carriers (2010-2011). The obtained results for generated ground vibrations spectra of heavy military vehicles can be used for better understanding their seismic signatures, which can be utilised for detection and identification of such vehicles using autonomous seismic sensors.
Books.
• Krasil'nikov, V.A., Krylov, V.V., "Introduction to Physical Acoustics" (in Russian), Nauka, Moscow, 1984.
• Krasil'nikov, V.A., Krylov, V.V., "Surface Acoustic Waves" (in Russian), Znanie, Moscow, 1985.
• Krylov, V.V., "Basic Principles of Sound Radiation and Scattering" (in Russian), Moscow University Press, Moscow, 1989.
• Biryukov, S.V., Gulyaev, Yu.V., Krylov, V.V., Plessky, V.P., "Surface Acoustic Waves in Inhomogeneous Media", Springer-Verlag, Berlin, Heidelberg, New York, 1995.
• Krylov, V.V. (ed), "Noise and Vibration from High Speed Trains", Thomas Telford Publishing, London, 2001.
Selected Papers.
• Krylov, V.V. and Lyamov, V.E., "Dispersion and Damping of a Rayleigh Wave Propagating Along a Rough Surface", Soviet Physics - Technical Physics, 49(11), 1979, pp 1424–1425.
• Krasil'nikov, V.A. and Krylov, V.V., "Surface-Tension Dispersion of Rayleigh Waves", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 25(3), 1979, pp 231–234.
• Krylov, V.V., "Rayleigh Waves on Smooth Surfaces of Arbitrary Shape", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 25(5), 1979, pp 425–428.
• Krylov, V.V., "Optical Theorem for the Scattering of Strain Waves by Inhomogeneities of the Plane Boundary of a Solid", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 26(2), 1980, pp 117–119.
• Krasil'nikov, V.A. and Krylov, V.V., "Theory of Hypersonic Surface Waves in Solids", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 26(5), 1980, pp 413–414.
• Krylov, V.V., "Application of Dispersion Relations for the Analysis of Surface-Wave Scattering", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 27(2), 1981, pp 142–144.
• Krylov, V.V., "Dispersion Relations for the Refractive Indices of Normal Waves", Moscow University Physics Bulletin, 37(2), 1982, pp 48–51.
• Krylov, V.V., "Role of Spatial Dispersion in Formation of Pure-Shear Elastic Surface Waves in Crystals", Soviet Physics - Crystallography, 27(4), 1982, pp 475–476.
• Krylov, V.V. and Pavlov, V.I., "Thermooptical Excitation of Surface Acoustic Waves in Solids", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 28(6), 1982, pp 493–494.
• Krylov, V.V., "Radiation of Sound by Growing Cracks", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 29(6), 1983, pp 468–472.
• Krylov, V.V. and Mozhaev, V.G., "Reflection and Transmission of Rayleigh Waves in a Wedge", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 31(6), 1985, pp 457–459.
• Krylov, V.V., Ponomarev, E.P. and Shtentsel, T.V., "Characteristics of Thermooptical Excitation of Sound in Metals", Moscow University Physics Bulletin, 41(6), 1986, pp 46–51.
• Krylov, V.V. and Ponomarev, E.P., "Acoustic Emission Spectra from the Formation of Through Cracks in Glasses", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 32(5), 1986, pp 386–389.
• Krylov, V.V., "Distinctive Characteristics of Guided Surface-Wave Propagation in Complex Topographic Structures", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 33(4), 1987, pp 407–411.
• Korolev, S.V. and Krylov, V.V., "Efficient Excitation of Rayleigh Waves by a Weak Shock Wave Initiated by a Spark in Air", Soviet Technical Physics Letters, 14(11), 1988, pp 843–845.
• Krylov, V.V. and Raguzina, I.V., "Scattering of Acoustic Wedge Modes", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 34(5), 1988, pp 546–547.
• Krylov, V.V., "Transmission of a Rayleigh Wave Across Smooth Large-Scale Surface Irregularities", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 34(6), 1988, pp 613–618.
• Krylov, V.V., "Effect of Surface Phenomena in Solids on Surface Acoustic Waves", Progress in Surface Science, 32, 1989, pp 39–110.
• Krylov, V.V., "Conditions for Validity of the Geometrical-Acoustics Approximation in Application to Waves in an Acute-Angle Solid Wedge", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 35(2), 1989, pp 176–180.
• Krylov, V.V., "Locallised Acoustic Modes of a Quadratic Solid Wedge", Moscow University Physics Bulletin, 45(6), 1990, pp 65–69.
• Krylov, V.V., "Geometrical-Acoustic Approach to the Description of Localised Vibrational Modes of an Elastic Wedge", Soviet Physics - Technical Physics, 35(2), 1990, pp 137–140.
• Krylov, V.V. and Smirnova, Z.A., "Experimental Study of the Dispersion of a Rayleigh Wave on a Rough Surface", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 36(6), 1990, pp 583–585.
• Krylov, V.V., "On the Existence of a Symmetric Acoustic Mode in a Quadratic Solid Wedge", Moscow University Physics Bulletin, 46(1), 1991, pp 45–49.
• Krylov, V.V. and Shanin, A.V., "Influence of Elastic Anisotropy on the Velocities of Acoustic Wedge Modes", Soviet Physics - Acoustics, 37(1), 1991, pp 65–67.
• Krylov, V.V. and Parker, D.F., "Harmonic Generation and Parametric Mixing in Wedge Acoustic Waves", Wave Motion, 15, 1992, pp 185–200.
• Krylov, V.V., "On the Theory of Surface Acoustic Wave Generation by Electric Spark Discharge", Journal of Physics, Part D: Applied Physics, 25, 1992, pp 155–161.
• Krylov, V.V. and Shanin, A.V., "Scattering of an Acoustic Wedge Wave by a Shallow Notch", Acoustical Physics, 39(2), 1993, pp 155–158.
• Krylov, V.V., "On Nonlinear Parametric Amplification of Rayleigh Waves", Physics Letters, A173, 1993, pp 209–213.
• Krylov, V.V., "On the Theory of Railway-induced Ground Vibrations", Journal de Physique IV, 4(C5), 1994, pp 769–772.
• Krylov, V.V. and Ferguson, C.C., "Calculation of Low-frequency Ground Vibrations from Railway Trains", Applied Acoustics, 42, 1994, pp 199–213.
• Krylov, V.V., "Generation of Ground Vibrations by Superfast Trains", Applied Acoustics, 44, 1995, pp 149–164.
• Krylov, V.V., "Surface Properties of Solids and Surface Acoustic Waves: Application to Chemical Sensors and Layer Characterisation", Applied Physics, A61(3), 1995, pp 229–236.
• Ferguson, C.C., Krylov, V.V. and McGrath, P.T., "Contamination of Indoor Air by Toxic Soil Vapours: a Screening Risk Assessment Model", Building and Environment, 30(3), 1995, pp 375–383. 
• Krylov, V.V., "Vibrational Impact of High-speed Trains: Effect of Track Dynamics", Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, 101(6), 1996, pp 3121–3134.
• Krylov, V.V., "Generation of Ground Vibrations by Accelerating and Braking Road Vehicles", Acustica-Acta Acustica, 82(4), 1996, pp 642–649.
• Krylov, V.V., "Investigation of Environmental Low-frequency Noise", Applied Acoustics, 51(1), 1997, pp 33–51.
• Krylov, V.V., "Spectra of Low-frequency Ground Vibrations Generated by High-speed Trains on Layered Ground", Journal of Low Frequency Noise, Vibration and Active Control, 16(4), 1997, pp 257–270.
• Krylov, V.V., "On the Velocities of Localised Vibration Modes in Immersed Solid Wedges", Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, 103(2), 1998, pp 767–770.
• Krylov, V.V., "Effect of Track Properties on Ground Vibrations Generated by High-speed Trains", Acustica-acta Acustica, 84(1), 1998, pp 78–90.
• Krylov, V.V. and Ferguson, C.C., "Contamination of Indoor Air by Toxic Soil Vapours: the Effects of Subfloor Ventilation and Other Protective Measures", Building and Environment, 33(6), 1998, pp 331–347.
• Krylov, V.V., "Ground Vibration Boom from High-speed Trains", Journal of Low Frequency Noise, Vibration and Active Control, 18(4), 1999, pp 207–218.
• Krylov, V.V., "Localised Vibration modes Propagating Along Edges of Cylindrical and Conical Wedge-like Structures", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 227(1), 1999, pp 215–221.
• Shuvalov, A.L. and Krylov, V.V., "Localised Vibration Modes in Free Anisotropic Wedges", Journal of the Acoustical Society of America, 107(1), 2000, pp 657–660.
• Krylov, V.V., Dawson, A.R., Heelis, M.E. and Collop, A.C., "Rail Movement and Ground Waves Caused by High-speed Trains Approaching Track-soil Critical Velocities", Proceedings of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, Part F: Journal of Rail and Rapid Transit, 214, 2000, pp 107–116.
• Krylov, V.V. and Shuvalov, A.L., "Propagation of Localised Flexural Vibrations along Plate Edges Described by a Power Law", Proceedings of the Institute of Acoustics, 22(2), 2000, pp 263–270.
• Shanin, A.V. and Krylov, V.V., "An Approximate Theory for Waves in a Slender Elastic Wedge Immersed in Liquid", Proceedings of the Royal Society of London A, 456, pp 2179–2196.
• Krylov, V.V., "Generation of Ground Elastic Waves by Road Vehicles", Journal of Computational Acoustics, 9(3), 2001, pp 919–933.
• Krylov, V.V., "New Type of Vibration Dampers Utilising the Effect of Acoustic 'Black Holes'", Acta Acustica united with Acustica, 90(5), 2004, 830-837.
• Krylov, V.V. and Tilman, F.J.B.S., "Acoustic 'Black Holes' for Flexural Waves as Effective Vibration Dampers", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 274(3-5), 2004, 605-619.
• Georgiev, V.B., Krylov, V.V. and Winward, R.E.T.B., "Simplified Modelling of Vehicle Interior Noise: Comparison of Analytical, Numerical and Experimental Approaches", Journal of Low Frequency Noise, Vibration and Active Control, 25(2), 2006, pp 69–92.
• Krylov, V.V. and Georgiev, V.B., "New Approach to Investigation of Resonant Vibrations of Noncircular Shells Based on the Theory of Coupled Waveguides", Journal of Mechanics of Materials and Structures, 2(9), 2007, pp 1761–1771.
• Krylov, V.V. and Pritchard, G.V., "Experimental Confirmation of the Propulsion of Marine Vessels Employing Guided Flexural Waves in Attached Elastic Fins", Journal of Fluids and Structures, 23, 2007, pp 297–307.
• Krylov, V.V. and Winward, R.E.T.B., "Experimental Investigation of the Acoustic Black Hole Effect for Flexural Waves in Tapered Plates", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 300(1-2), 2007, pp 43–49.
• Krylov, V.V., "Control of Traffic-Induced Ground Vibrations by Placing Heavy Masses on the Ground Surface", Journal of Low Frequency Noise, Vibration and Active Control, 26(4), 2007, pp 311–320.
• Georgiev, V.B. and Krylov, V.V., "Finite Element Study of the Effect of Structural Modifications on Structure-borne Vehicle Interior Noise", Journal of Vibration and Control, 15(4), 2009, pp 483–496.
• Krylov, V.V., Pickup, S. and McNuff, J., "Calculation of Ground Vibration Spectra from Heavy Military Vehicles", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 329, 2010, pp 3020–3029.
• Krylov, V.V. and Gilbert, O., "On the Theory of Standing Waves in Tyres at High Vehicle Speeds", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 329, 2010, pp 4398–4408.
• O'Boy, D.J., Krylov, V.V. and Kralovic, V., "Damping of Flexural Vibrations in Rectangular Plates Using the Acoustic Black Hole Effect", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 329, 2010, pp 4672–4688.
• Krylov, V.V. and Porteous, E., "Wave-Like Aquatic Propulsion of Mono-Hull Marine Vessels", Ocean Engineering, 37, 2010, pp 378–386.
• Georgiev, V.B., Cuenca, J., Gautier, F., Simon and L., Krylov, V.V., "Damping of structural vibrations in beams and elliptical plates using the acoustic black hole effect", Journal of Sound and Vibration, 2011, 330(11), pp. 2497-2508.
• Bowyer, E.P., O’Boy, D.J., Krylov, V.V. and Gautier, F., "Experimental investigation of damping flexural vibrations in plates containing tapered indentations of power-law profile", Applied Acoustics, 2013, 74(4) pp. 553-560.
• Bowyer, E.P. and Krylov, V.V., "Damping of flexural vibrations in turbofan blades using the acoustic black hole effect", Applied Acoustics, 76, 2014, pp 359-365.

</doc>
<doc id="31016024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016024" title="Hugh Somerville, 5th Lord Somerville">
Hugh Somerville, 5th Lord Somerville

Hugh Somerville, 5th Lord Somerville (c. 1484 – 1549) was a lord of the Parliament of Scotland. He is sometimes reckoned to be the 4th Lord Somerville. He succeeded his brother, John Somerville, 4th Lord Somerville. Hugh and John were sons of William Somerville, Master of Somerville, and Marjory Montgomerie.
Hugh and Sir James Hamilton of Finnart.
Hugh Somerville was in dispute with his uncle Sir John Somerville of Cambusnethan (known as Red-bag). John Somerville had forfeited his lands for his part in the fight in Edinburgh called 'Cleanse the Causeway.' Hugh, Lord Somerville, benefitted from John's loss. When Red-bag gained the upper hand in his legal struggle against him in 1528, Hugh asked James Hamilton of Finnart to be his backer.
In April 1536, Hugh's son James married Agnes the daughter of James Hamilton of Finnart at Craignethan Castle. Later, Hugh sat on the assize that condemned Hamilton of Finnart to death for treason on 16 August 1540. By Finnart's death he gained the bailiary of Carstairs.
Hugh and Regent Arran.
Hugh was captured by the English at the battle of Solway Moss in 1542, and released in 1543. Henry VIII of England gave several of the Scottish prisoners presents of money on 28 January 1543; Somerville got £200. The English soldiers who had captured him, Richard Greme and John Briscoe of Caston, took their dispute over ransom money to the Privy Council which asked the Duke of Suffolk to arbitrate.
On his return to Scotland, Hugh became involved in a factional struggle against the Governor of Scotland, Regent Arran, and was associated with the Earl of Angus. On 1 November 1543, Hugh was imprisoned with Lord Maxwell in Edinburgh Castle. The Abbot of Paisley had kept the pair talking on the Royal Mile while waiting for a serjeant to arrest them in the name of Mary, Queen of Scots and the Regent. Somerville was then taken to Blackness Castle. The English diplomat Ralph Sadler thought they had been foolish to come to Edinburgh where their enemies the Regent and Cardinal Beaton had full control.
Hugh's last letter of 21 March 1549 explains his position. He, and other Scottish lords captured at Solway Moss in 1542, had undertaken to promote the marriage of Mary to Prince Edward. In November 1543, he was planning to go to England with counsel for the marriage when Regent Arran captured him in Edinburgh. Hugh was writing in 1549 to Thomas Wharton for the return of his son James for 20 days, who was then a hostage in England in his father's place.
On 21 October 1545, Hugh's second son John wrote to the Queen Dowager, Mary of Guise from Cowthally Castle. He said that Hugh, the Earl of Angus, and George Douglas and all their friends and favourers would resist the potential marriage of Regent Arran's son, James Hamilton to Queen Mary, despite rewards promised by the Hamiltons. He asked for her opinion which was sent to Cowthally and received by the Somerville's ally James Douglas of Drumlanrig.
Family.
Hugh married Jonet Maitland in 1516. Their children included; 
The principal residence of Lord Somerville was Cowthally Castle which Hugh rebuilt in style after gaining possession in 1524. Hugh Somerville died in 1549. He was buried in the Somerville aisle at Carnwath Church.

</doc>
<doc id="31016048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016048" title="Phai Lom">
Phai Lom

Phai Lom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016053" title="Rapace">
Rapace

Rapace is French surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31016055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016055" title="List of Chicago White Sox first-round draft picks">
List of Chicago White Sox first-round draft picks

The Chicago White Sox are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based in Chicago, Illinois. They play in the American League Central division. Since the institution of MLB's Rule 4 Draft, the White Sox have selected 65 players in the first round. Officially known as the "First-Year Player Draft", the Rule 4 Draft is MLB's primary mechanism for assigning amateur baseball players from high schools, colleges, and other amateur baseball clubs to its teams. The draft order is determined based on the previous season's standings, with the team possessing the worst record receiving the first pick. In addition, teams which lost free agents in the previous off-season may be awarded compensatory or supplementary picks.
Of the 65 players picked in the first round by the Chicago White Sox, 31 have been pitchers, the most of any position; 20 of them were right-handed, while 11 were left-handed. Twelve outfielders, eight catchers, five shortstops, five third basemen, and four first basemen were also taken. The team has never drafted a player at second base. Fourteen of the players came from high schools or universities in the state of California, and Florida follows with eight players. The White Sox have also drafted six players from their home state of Illinois.
One player has won a championship with the team; Aaron Rowand (1998) was part of the 2005 World Series championship team. Frank Thomas (1989) was a member of the Chicago White Sox for 16 years, including the 2005 season, but was not part of the World Series roster due to injury. Thomas is also the only first-round draft pick to win the Most Valuable Player Award, winning the honor in both 1993 and 1994. One pick, 1987 selection Jack McDowell, has won the Cy Young Award with the team; he won it in 1993. The White Sox had the first overall selection twice in the draft, which they used on Danny Goodwin (1971) and Harold Baines (1977).
The White Sox have made 16 selections in the supplemental round of the draft and 5 compensatory picks since the institution of the First-Year Player Draft in 1965. These additional picks are provided when a team loses a particularly valuable free agent in the previous off-season, or, more recently, if a team fails to sign a draft pick from the previous year. The White Sox have failed to sign three of their first-round picks: Danny Goodwin (1971), Steve Buechele (1979), and Bobby Seay (1996). The White Sox did not receive any compensation for Goodwin or Buechele, but they did receive the 51st pick in 1997 for failing to sign Seay.

</doc>
<doc id="31016058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016058" title="Maria Manton">
Maria Manton

Maria Manton (1910–2003) was a French painter.

</doc>
<doc id="31016060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016060" title="Langley Park Estate">
Langley Park Estate

The Langley Park Estate was an historic country house estate on the south side of Beckenham, Kent.
Over the centuries the estate was owned by the Malmains, Style, Elwill and Burrell families. 
The Langley Farm forming the west side of the estate was sold in the 1880s. By 1903 the remaining Estate and mansion were vacant. It was bought by H & G Taylor Builders who began developing the land as the Park Langley Estate in 1910. They retained the mansion as the club house to their new golf club. The mansion was subsequently destroyed by fire.
The family names of the previous estate owners now grace the names of roads laid out by H & G Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="31016073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016073" title="Phyllocoptes">
Phyllocoptes

Phyllocoptes is a genus of acari, including the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="31016089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016089" title="Kaczor">
Kaczor


</doc>
<doc id="31016091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016091" title="Tegolophus">
Tegolophus

Tegolophus is a genus of acari, including the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="31016105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016105" title="Nexus Recycling Management System (software)">
Nexus Recycling Management System (software)

Nexus is a business management system is a software for recyclers developed by AEON Blue Software & Development. Nexus is used by recycling centers, scrap yards, metal recyclers and exporters, smelting plants and paper processors across the United States. The software is in its second generation and has been mentioned in industry magazines such as Recycling Today, Scrap, Waste Advantage and SDB Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="31016114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016114" title="Government of Rotterdam">
Government of Rotterdam

The Government of Rotterdam is the government of the municipality and city of Rotterdam in the Netherlands. Most of the inhabitants live in the city of Rotterdam, but the municipality also covers a number of small villages, and other parts of the local government, such as Rozenburg, cover an even larger area.
Local government.
City council 2006 - 2010.
The Mayor and Aldermen for the period 2006-2010 was formed by a coalition of the parties PvdA (Labour), CDA (Christian Democratic), VVD (Liberal) and GroenLinks (Green Left). The college was sworn in on May 18, 2006.
The college since its inauguration in 2006 had a number of cycles. VVD-waved alderman in 2007 Roelf de Boer for a burnout down. In 2008, GreenLeft alderman Orhan Kaya replaced by Rik Grashoff. In April 2009 joined the VVD from the council, the coalition remained intact and still had a slim majority of 23 of the 45 seats. The two VVD aldermen Jeannette Baljeu and Mark Harbers were replaced by a CDA and PvdA alderman. This was the CDA with only three council seats, three aldermen - a remarkable situation. In July 2009 joined CDA alderman Leonard Geluk. However, because a new job as chairman of ROC Netherlands. With this was Geluk the fifth alderman since 2006 stepped down prematurely.
City council 2010 - 2014.
The city council is formed by four parties: CDA (Christian Democratic), D66 (Left Liberal), PvdA (Labour) and VVD (Liberal).
Aldermen are: Jeannette Baljeu, Hugo de Jonge, Hamit Karakus, Jantine Kriens, Antoinette Laan and Korrie Louwes (Dominic Schrijer resigned on May 17, 2011).
Results of the elections of 2002, 2006 and 2010:
Mayors.
The mayor of Rotterdam is the head of the city council. The current mayor-designate is Ahmed Aboutaleb (PvdA). The mayors since the World War II are:
"See also:" List of mayors of Rotterdam
Boroughs.
Format until 2014.
Until 19 March 2014, the municipality consisted of 14 boroughs ("deelgemeenten").
The boroughs were:
The port areas are directly under the municipality
Annexations and reclassifications.
The city of Rotterdam was especially strong growth since 1850. Initially they tried to accommodate the population within existing municipal boundaries, but this soon proved inadequate. Therefore, sequentially neighboring municipalities annexed or she had to cede territory to Rotterdam. An overview of these annexations and reclassifications:
International relations.
Rotterdam has the following city and port connections throughout the world:
Twin towns – sister cities.
Rotterdam is twinned with:

</doc>
<doc id="31016116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016116" title="Werner Werenskiold">
Werner Werenskiold

Werner Werenskiold (1883–1961) was a Norwegian geologist and geographer.
Life and career.
He was a son of Erik Werenskiold and visual artist Sophie Marie Stoltenberg Thomesen (1849–1926), and the brother of Dagfin Werenskiold.
Werenskiold made field studies in Telemark and Gudbrandsdalen in his younger days, and later focused on studies at Svalbard and of glaciers in Jotunheimen. He was the principal editor of the two-volume series "Norge, vårt land" (1936 – 1941) and the book series "Jorden vår klode". He was a professor of geography at the University of Oslo from 1925.
He lived and died in Bærum, and was on the election ballot for the Liberal People's Party (formerly the Liberal Left Party) in the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="31016123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016123" title="Moscow International Model United Nations">
Moscow International Model United Nations

Moscow International Model United Nations (MIMUN) is the most authoritative and large scale Model UN in Russia, conducted annually in Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO – University). It is a combination of a scientific conference and a role play, where university and high school students simulate the work of different UN bodies in several United Nations official languages. When participating in MIMUN students gain diplomatic, leadership and public speaking skills, master their knowledge of foreign languages and learn to compromise.
__TOC__
History.
MUN in Russia.
The first Model UN in the West was held in 1953 in Harvard. The first MUN in Russia was organized in January, 1990 by a group of MGIMO and MSU students. A grant contest under the aegis of the Peace Fund was held.
Some 300 delegates took part in the new Model, each fourth among them being a foreigner; simultaneous interpreting into the English language was provided. This first tryout appeared to be successful – and the Model UN Movement in the USSR was born.
The Models’ history is as it follows: at first, college students in the USA began to simulate the American Senate’s work. Then, when international organizations came into being, students started to simulate the proceedings of such organizations. Now the models of such type (mostly these are Model UN conferences) have spread all over the world, from the UK and France, to China and Egypt. One of the major models in Europe is The European International Model United Nations (TEIMUN) in The Hague.
The first Model UN in Moscow took place in 1990.
Model UN in MGIMO-University.
The first time a Model UN took place in MGIMO was in the year 1999 when the UN Security Council’s meeting was simulated. After that many delegates were enthusiastic to continue development in that field. The following year 300 delegates took part in the conference, a third of them being foreigners. MGIMO Model UN has been navigated regularly ever since, and every year it enjoyed even more delegates and simulated the proceedings of more UN organs.
Collaboration with United Nations Association of Russia has made a major contribution in the MGIMO Model UN’s status ascension. The evidence of international recognition of MIMUN have become the visits made to the conference by the UN Secretary General Kofi Annan in 2004 and by Deputy Secretary General Kiyo Akasaka and the foreign minister of Russian Federation Sergey Lavrov in 2007.
The next conference will take place from 11th to 15th April 2011.
Structure.
Moscow International Model UN – 2011 includes simulation of the following United Nations’ organs: General Assembly, Security Council, Economic and Social Council, International Court of Justice, The First and The Second General Assembly Committees, Human Rights Council and International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Since the year 2011 Moscow International Model UN will be held in three of the UN official languages: Russian, English and French.
Organizers.
Moscow International Model UN is one of the programs of UN Association - Russia and is held in cooperation with MGIMO-University. Practical set up and organisation of the Model is directed by the student Secretariat which changes annually and functions under the supervision of a Honorary President of the World Federation of United Nations Associations, head of the organization and scientific student arrangements sector of MGIMO-University, Model UN coordinator G. M. Kovrizhenko. 
Today the Secretariat of Moscow International Model UN not only navigates the annual conference, but also helps organize arrangements of such in other Universities and schools of Russia.
Participants.
Any University, as well as senior high-school student (no younger than 9th form) may take part in the Model, regardless of country of residence. In order to register, a delegate is to fill in the registration form, having chosen a committee and written an essay on the agenda for the position paper beforehand.
Every spring about 500 participants come to Moscow from different Russian cities, countries of CIS and other (which include the USA, the UK, France, Germany, Austria, China, Ghana and many others). Model UN participants – both the delegates and the observers – act as the official representatives of the UN member states who have come to the conference to discuss the questions on the agenda of their committee. During the simulation the delegates are not to defend points of their own, but the official position of the country represented by them. Adopting a resolution is the ultimate aim of each committee, which is only possible to attain via reaching compromise between the interests of all the states represented in the organ.
See also.
Russian MUNs.
● Saint-Petersburg International Model of United Nations
● Ivanovo MUN Group
● Moscow Russian State University for the Humanities Model UN
● MSU World Politics School Model UN
[http://www.studfmp.ru]
● Yaroslavl Model UN 
[http://www.un.uniyar.ac.ru/]
● St. Petersburg International Student Model UN
[http://www.modelun.spb.ru]
● Belgorod Model UN
[http://oon.bsu.edu.ru]
● Novosibirsk Model UN 
[http://nsuem.ru/innovation/projects/un_nsk/]
● Far East Model UN
[http://www.munrfe.ru]
● Cuban State University Model UN
[http://model-kuban.narod.ru/]
● Krasnodar Model UN
[http://kgauoon.narod.ru]
● Tyumen Model UN 
[http://tmun.utmn.ru]
● Model UN in Nizhny Novgorod
[http://www.unn.ru/rus/fmo/news_86.html]
Foreign MUNs.
● Berlin Model UN 
[http://www.bermun.de/]
● Belgrade Model UN 
[http://www.bimun-unaserbia.org/]
● Odessa Model UN 
[http://www.onumun.org]
● Belarus Model UN
[http://www.mun.belau.info]
● Budapest Model UN 
[http://www.enszmodell.hu]
● Rome Model UN 
[http://www.rimun.nl/nieuw/index.php]
● Far East Model UN in San-Francisco 
[http://www.munfw.org]
● Bonn International Model UN, Germany 
[http://www.bimun.org]
● London International Model UN 
[http://www.limun.org.uk]
● Harvard National Model UN 
[http://www.hnmun.org]
● Kiev International Model UN 
[http://www.mun.graphcodegroup.com]
● Oldenburg Model UN 
[http://olmun.org]
● Geneva International Model UN 
[http://www.gimun.org]
● Vienna International Model UN 
[http://www.vimun.org]

</doc>
<doc id="31016126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016126" title="Piccioni">
Piccioni

Piccioni (means pigeon) is Italian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31016127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016127" title="Udo Segreff">
Udo Segreff

Udo Segreff (born July 20, 1973) is a German ice sledge hockey player.
He placed 4th with the German ice sledge hockey team at the 2006 Paralympic Games in Turin, Italy.
He has one gold and one bronze from the European Ice Sledge Hockey Championships.
He has 11 national titels and was 8 times best scorer. Also he ist best scorer in the german national team.

</doc>
<doc id="31016155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016155" title="Piccione">
Piccione

Piccione is Italian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31016171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016171" title="Ravno (disambiguation)">
Ravno (disambiguation)

Ravno can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016198" title="Stolac (disambiguation)">
Stolac (disambiguation)

Stolac can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016211" title="List of companies of Lithuania">
List of companies of Lithuania

This is a list of notable companies based in Lithuania, grouped by their Industry Classification Benchmark sector. For further information on the types of business entities in this country and their abbreviations, see "Business entities in Lithuania".

</doc>
<doc id="31016217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016217" title="Amy Harris">
Amy Harris

Amy Harris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016221" title="Something Good for Your Head">
Something Good for Your Head

Something Good for Your Head is an album by the San Francisco area folk rock duo Blackburn & Snow. The album consists of twenty songs recorded by Jeff Blackburn and Sherry Snow, along with various backing musicians, during their partnership in the mid-1960s. All but four of the songs were not released until being collected for the album, which was issued as a compact disc over thirty years later in 1999.
Background.
Jeff Blackburn and Sherry Snow began performing together in 1965 in Berkeley, California. Along with their friends in Jefferson Airplane, the duo were part of the early wave of folk rock musicians that crafted the San Francisco Sound. They signed a contract in December 1965 with Kingston Trio producer Frank Werber's Trident Productions. Werber planned to present Blackburn & Snow as a major new find, but delayed a full presentation while recording material for an album throughout 1966 and into the spring of 1967.
Recording.
The music the duo had been performing was electric folk rock similar to their close contemporaries Jefferson Airplane, with unique harmonic interplay between the couple typified by the song "Do You Realize". Influenced by The Everly Brothers, The Beatles and Buddy Holly, Blackburn & Snow recorded a number of straight rock songs with the backing band Candy Store Prophets as well as some country and folk flavored material, with Blackburn writing nearly all of the songs. The Candy Store Prophets later performed as the backing band for The Monkees first album and included Larry Taylor of Canned Heat and Ventures guitarist Gerry McGee. Gary "Chicken" Hirsh, later of Country Joe and the Fish, also drummed on some earlier tracks.
A fast rocker, "It's So Hard" showcases the playing of McGee, as does the more country influenced "Everyday Brings Better Things", while "Yes Today" and "Takin' it Easy" are psychedelic folk prototypes that emphasize the duo's intricate harmonizing. Though many completed songs were recorded, Blackburn & Snow broke up in 1967 and failed to see an album released during their partnership. Trident and distribution partner MGM-Verve had difficulties over the project which were added to existing tension between the duo and their producer as described by Randy Sterling, and Werber ultimately shelved the album. Other than two singles, the material remained unreleased until the 1999 issue of "Something Good for Your Head".
Singles.
"Stranger in a Strange Land" has been said to have been written by David Crosby of The Byrds, although it was credited to the fictitious Samuel F. Omar. The title and lyrics are based on the Robert A. Heinlein science fiction novel that was widely popular among the San Francisco youth culture in the mid-1960s. It was released as a single backed with "Uptown-Downtown" in late December 1966, while the single "Post-War Baby"/"Time" was released in October 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="31016235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016235" title="Trnovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Trnovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Trnovo is a municipality located about 30 kilometers southeast of the city of Sarajevo, in Bosnia and Herzegovina. As a result of the 1995 Dayton Accords, the municipality was divided between Republika Srpska and the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and succeeded by the following two municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="31016255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016255" title="Purpurascens">
Purpurascens

Purpurascens, purple in Latin, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016259" title="Tha Pha">
Tha Pha

Tha Pha can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016272" title="Restoration of the Statue of Liberty 1984–86">
Restoration of the Statue of Liberty 1984–86

The Statue of Liberty (“Liberty Enlightening the World,” by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi) is a monument on Liberty Island in New York Harbor and part of what is referred to as the Statue of Liberty National Monument. Although the structure is notable for both its symbolic and physical characteristics, the following entry will focus predominantly on the latter, expending considerable effort at explicating the details of the documentation of the restoration effort that occurred between 1984 and 1986. Much of the restoration effort was based on unprecedented restorative methods, owing in no small measure to the fact that metallurgical repair work on such a scale had never been attempted before. Many professional scientists and engineers, government organizations and various consultants were called in to evaluate and deal with the various problems and tasks facing the restoration effort. The discussion will consider the technical and material issues and considerations that relate to the physical repair, rehabilitation, and restoration that occurred then. The political, cultural and economic aspects of the restoration project will be bypassed entirely in the current entry.
The committees and the diagnostic reports.
The pre-restoration documentation efforts.
The preparations for the centennial celebration of the Statue of Liberty began in 1979 when a group was first formed by the National Park Service (NPS), the custodians of the statue since 1933, to investigate possible development alternatives. A report entitled “Analysis of Alternatives,” published in December 1980, proposed measures to remedy the certain conditions confronting visitors to the Statue of Liberty (such as the long lines and the protracted waiting time to enter the crown of the statue). The proposed measures included numbered ticketing and early warning systems that would allow visitors to estimate and approximate waiting times (if any) and to be conveniently advised if and when to visit or enter the statue. The report also discussed ways to streamline ferry access both to and from Liberty and Ellis Island. Unfortunately, this early report did not address the ever-deteriorating physical condition of the statue, which was already readily apparent.
The French American Committee for the Restoration of the Statue of Liberty was formed in May 1981. The Department of the Interior (of which the National Park Services is a bureau) later that month, on the 26th of May, agreed to a working relationship with the Committee. In June 1981, the Committee was incorporated as a non-profit foundation licensed by the state of New York to raise funds for the restoration effort. The Committee hired four French consultants said to have considerable expertise in their respective fields: an architect-engineer, a metals expert, a structural engineer and a mechanical engineer who were asked to compose a technical report on the physical condition of the statue. The French consultants visited Liberty Island in May, June, October and December 1981, before presenting a preliminary white paper to the National Park Service on the seventeenth of December in Washington D.C., entitled “French Technical Report on Restoring the Statue of Liberty".
The report, written with the assistance of a regional historical architect from the NPS, was an attempt to identify and address the apparent problems associated with the statue. In the report, the consultants took note of what they saw to be the most serious problem affecting the statue: that two predominant sections, the torch-bearing arm and the rest platform at the head level, had corroded significantly. The report also alluded to the corroded girders toward the top of the pedestal and the bottom of the central pylon. The report also discussed the serious structural problems associated with the long-ago deteriorated insulating layer between the copper sheet of the statue and the iron bands of the structural armature, as it had caused the iron bands to corrode (this aspect will be more further explained in the following sections). Alterations over the intervening years (1887–1916) to the torch had created such irreversible damage to the integral stability of that segment, that it was advised in the report that the torch be replaced. In order to more thoroughly assess possible damage that may be hidden beneath the layers of paint on the central pylon, the French consultants also suggested that the layers of paint covering it be removed. Two alternative proposals for modernizing the stairway within the statue were also proposed. From these preliminary observations, a number of preservation and replacement priorities were made. The white paper was further assessed and scrutinized by the NPS and other officials at the Department of the Interior in the nation's capital on March 5, 1982. The director of the NPS was impressed by the report, but also concerned about the future prospects of the Committee’s fund raising efforts.
Shortly thereafter, the Secretary of the Department of the Interior announced in May, 1982 the creation of a 21 member Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Centennial Commission (better known as the Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation) which would act as an “umbrella group” overseeing the French American Committee and the Ellis Island Restoration Commission. The Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation would try to privately raise funds for the restoration efforts. A report prepared by the NPS in September 1982 titled “General Management Plan,” sought to discuss the fundraising aims and objectives of the newly created foundation, but reiterated most of the proposed measures (concerning the statue) of the earlier 1980 report “Analysis of Alternatives” (such as numbered ticketing systems, etc.).
Earlier in the year (1982), the French American Committee began looking for U.S. consultants to complement the technical work already begun by the four French consultants. They would need to prepare a detailed diagnostic report to investigate the conditions of the Statue in further detail, as many of the French consultants were unfamiliar with the construction procedures and standards, and the design and business practices employed in the United States. The inclusion of American participation was of obvious and pragmatic necessity to the restoration work that lay ahead. Several architects, structural engineers, and representatives from the NPS were brought aboard on the project. Construction work would be assigned to American contractors, and by July 1983, a joint diagnostic report was completed by the newly joint group of consultants and presented to NPS officials. By December 1983, the American group assumed many of the responsibilities concerning the design aspect of the project, and by August 1984, the American team terminated its contract with the French American Committee, owing to the Committee’s considerable fundraising problems and other related matters.
Just prior to the restoration efforts, there were an insufficient number of photographs documenting the initial reassembly of the statue (when it had been given), and too few photographs documenting the condition of the statue since its construction that were relevant to the maintenance of the statue. NPS vowed to support the historical documentation effort, and a photographer was hired to photograph during the entirety of the restoration—before, during, and after. Owing to this decision, an archive of two hundred large format photographs—both black and white, and multicolor—were developed for NPS and the Historic American Engineering Record (HAER). According to a NYT article from December 17, 1985, the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) would also be donating a set of three-dimensional computer drawings of the statue of liberty, rendered in the computer-aided design (CAD) program. The drawings were to aid in the future maintenance of the statue. These drawings were later given to the NPS, and were important in analyzing the wind bearing capacity of the structure within the statue.
The implementation of the diagnostic assessments of the reports.
Early beginnings.
From November 7, 1982, public announcements were made by project officials that the Statue of Liberty would be completely closed to the public for as long as one year beginning in 1984. The statue had been closed only once before for such an extended period of time, and that was at one point in the late 1930s. Later announcements stated that the erection of the scaffolding surrounding the outside of the statue would begin in the fall of 1983, and it was still believed in July 1983 that the restoration would begin sometime in the fall. NPS representatives retracted and revised the earlier announcement concerning the closure of the Island to the public; Liberty Island would in fact remain open and closings would be intermittent and only for several days at a time at most. The restoration would not begin until January 23, 1984. An article from "The New York Times" published the day after, indicated that the 30 month project had officially begun the day before, and that visitors would have approximately two weeks remaining before the statue would be completely enshrouded by the tons of extruded aluminum scaffolding that had just been deposited on Liberty Island.
The scaffolding contract was awarded to a company called Universal Builders Supply (UBS) Inc. on December 14, 1983. The contract stipulated that the freestanding exterior scaffold was to be completely assembled by April 27, 1984. The 240 foot high scaffolding was designed specifically for the statue, and required ingenuity from its designers, as it could only be attached to the granite pedestal and not the statue and had to accommodate the intricate contours of the statue as well. Furthermore, the exterior scaffolding had to maintain a distance of at least 18 inches from any exposed section of the copper sheathing. The 6,000 or so separate components of the scaffold, made of a high load capacity aluminum (alloy 6061 T6), were unloaded onto Liberty Island on Jan 23, 1984. To prevent possible rust stains from affecting the exterior patina of the statue, the pretext was adopted of using aluminum. Screw jacks were used to brace the aluminum against the granite pedestal of the statue. More easily an interior scaffolding was developed made of interlocking pipes held together with friction clamps and anchored to the central pylon of the statue for structural support. The twenty UBS workers often resorted to assembling the interior scaffolding when the severe winds and dreadful winter weather conditions prevented them from continuing their work outside.
Interior coating removal.
Once the interior scaffolding was installed, a thorough evaluative survey of the interior coatings was executed. The acknowledged presumption of most involved in the restoration was that all coatings would be removed from the interior metals, that repairs would be made, that metals would be recoated, and the interior would be adequately weatherproofed. The preexisting interior coatings on both the secondary wrought iron framework and the wrought iron central pylon would be removed along with the multiple layers of coal tar and paint that had been applied to the internal copper sheathing. A "New York Times" article from February 8, 1984, mentioned that the interior copper which was at that time painted “government green” would be cleaned to resemble the salmon color of a new penny(*5) That outermost “government green” layer was a vinyl paint applied in 1975.
Because certain sections that had corroded were hidden beneath the layers of coatings, no attempt was made to salvage any of the seven layers of paint, (consisting of a base coat of red lead primer plus six additional coats) and the two layers of bituminous paint (a coal tar coating) that had been used as a water sealant in the statues interior around 1911. The three available coating removal methods tested, developed (or not) and implemented (or not) were: thermal coating removal, abrasive coating removal and chemical coating removal. The methods contemplated for the removal of the coatings on the interior copper differed from that of the other interior metals. For the preparation of the wrought iron parts of the statue, an abrasive removal method also known as dry sandblasting was implemented in order to prevent against flash rusting, The low dusting abrasive material used in the dry sandblasting technique was aluminum oxide.
Several coating removal methods for the interior copper were ruled out. According to the evaluative research completed, the abrasive removal method (involving aluminum oxide) could damage the underlying layer of the copper substrate. Highly flammable and toxic chemical removal methods were ruled out, as they would have been far too time consuming and could have negatively affected the delicate patina of the exterior (if seepage of the chemicals were to have occurred).
Alternative removal method adopted.
Two researchers, an architectural conservator from Columbia University and a historical architect working for the (North Atlantic Historic Preservation Center) NAHPC sought to address the attendant difficulties of removing the different layers of paint without further damaging the statue. The researchers finally decided upon an innovative cryogenic removal method, in which liquid nitrogen was sprayed on the paint-covered surface. The liquid nitrogen would embrittle the layers of the paint at -320˚ Fahrenheit, causing the cracking paint to lose the adherent properties it once possessed. 
It was estimated that approximately 3500 gallons of liquid nitrogen would be needed for the interior coating removal. According to the researchers “the use of liquid nitrogen in large scale coating removal was somewhat innovative”. The Linde division of the Union Carbide Corporation of Danbury, Connecticut, which at the time was “the largest producer of liquid atmospheric gases in the United States”, donated the liquid nitrogen for the restoration efforts. The company’s researchers also worked with the NPS in fabricating special tools for controlling the application of the liquid nitrogen. 
The cryogenic method was inadequate for the removal of the two final layers of bituminous coating that were below the surface of the seven layers of lead and vinyl based paints. A small yet powerful sandblasting tool that would sandblast and vacuum simultaneously was developed specifically for the removal of the stubborn coating. The tool devised by the Blast and Vac company of Bolivar, Ohio, was “a standard blasting nozzle inside a vacuum cleaner head”. A commercial grade bicarbonate of soda (baking soda), manufactured by Arm & Hammer was donated and applied as the cleaning agent that would be abrasive yet gentle on the copper sheathing. The baking soda leaked through the holes and crevices in the sheathing, and was affecting the coloration of the patina on the other (external) side of the statue so the workers would rinse the outer surface of the statue, to prevent the baking soda from turning the green patina of the statue blue.
Coating and sealant application.
Once the layers of paint had been removed from the interior of the statue, the architects and engineers knew that a coating system far more suitable than any of the preexisting applications that had been used, would have to be implemented to protect the iron of the statue’s interior. The coating would have to be able to provide protection against corrosion in a marine environment and have to have a zero level VOC (volatile organic compound) emission rating. A coating was sought for the sandblasted central pylon and the secondary framework, and found.
In 1970, a patent was awarded to NASA for a zinc silicate primer coating called K-Zinc 531. Owing to the ratio of silicon/potassium to water being 5:3:1. The coating had the following characteristics: it was non-toxic, non-flammable, and would dry smoothly on metals within half an hour of surface application. In 1981 NASA granted the license for the coating to Shane Associates of Wynnewood, Pennsylvania. In 1982 a company called Inorganic Coatings (IC) based in Malvern, a borough in Chester county Pennsylvania, signed an agreement with the former company to become the sole manufacturer and sales agent of the zinc silicate variant. The protective coating was renamed IC 531, but much like the original coating developed by NASA was a high-ratio waterborne zinc silicate. The IC 531 was used in the restoration efforts to provide a number of the structural elements of the statue with superior corrosion resistance.
Iron armature system.
Condition of the iron grid system prior to restoration.
Although many of the armature bars were replaced in 1937-38, the restoration effort involved the successful attempt to replace nearly every 2 by 5/8” ribbon like armature bar that made up the unique internal structure of the statue (as the bars are not connected to the copper skin, but are held in place by the copper saddles that are riveted into the copper skin). It was stated in a "New York Times" article from December 17, 1985, that the most serious internal problem with the statue, was the corrosion that had taken place in the iron armatures, which provide the support to the copper sheathing. The armature system had been provided with an ineffective solution to the galvanic corrosion problem. Eiffel knew that galvanic reaction would immediately pose a problem, owing to the dissimilarity of the metals used in the statue (copper and iron), which unless insulated would corrode rapidly.
The original and highly ineffective insulating layer implemented between the copper sheathing and the iron bars, was an asbestos cloth soaked in shellac. This insulating and isolating system had separated the two metals at one point, but the ingeniously devised system had broken down and was compromising the structural stability of the many different components. The insulating layer had lost much of its functional isolating capacity from the exposure to interior condensation, from leakage and possibly from other variable atmospheric effects of the marine environment, and had become a deteriorated sponge-like material, which merely retained the saltwater as a conductive electrolyte. Hastening the decline of the corroded iron, the buildup of corrosive discharge exerted pressure on the riveted copper saddles that had held the iron bars in place. This created buckling and warping, and further caused the rivets to become disjointed. Rainwater would seep into the holes in the copper sheathing which once held the disjointed rivets. Some of the seams and holes were sealed and coated with a coal tar paint applied in 1911, the streaks of coal tar paint from when it had been applied 74 years earlier, was still visible during the restoration efforts. Black tar streaks from these so called “weep holes” were running down the exterior of the statue and had altered the patina of the external copper sheathing.
An atmospheric research scientist and a technical assistant from AT&T Bell Laboratories, developed a greenish liquid composed of corroded copper particles roughly matching the statues exterior in chemical composition, which was then sprayed over the tar streaked exterior. The sprayed on particles were then left to develop and spread over the streaks and stains. Both researchers, specializing in the study of the corrosion on copper and copper alloys became interested in the restoration efforts and proposed to donate their expertise to the restoration effort as it would afford them with an opportunity to study the effects of the atmosphere on the hundred year old copper structure.
Replacement of the iron grid system.
Copper was considered as a possible alternative metal for the replication of the "puddled" iron armatures, but was ruled out. The NPS performed tests to assess the suitability of a replacement for the iron bars. Ferallium, a steel- aluminum alloy was decided on for the flat bars that connect the secondary framework to the armature. But the approximately 1800 iron armature bars that were replaced were made from a 316 L stainless steel. As the armatures provide the structural support for the copper skin, it was suggested that no more than four bars of one of four different sections of the statue be replaced (a total of sixteen bars could only be removed from the statue at any given time), and which were replicated (mostly by eye), had to be back in place of the corroded bars within 36 hours of their removal. An art restoration company working along with a steel contractor undertook the difficult task.
Replacement bars were annealed and sandblasted to remove iron filings and other contaminants that would or could eventually cause the stainless steel to rust, and dipped in nitric acid for protection. The “long term service behavior (of 316L stainless steel)”, according to a professor of metallurgy at MIT who had some involvement in the early stages of the restoration effort, “is unknown.” The replacement bars of the iron grid system were insulated from the copper with a Teflon polymer resin tape polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) produced by the DuPont company. (Dupont was contacted, yet a product technician was unable to verify any information as to which teflon product was used.)
A "New York Times" article from May 31, 1986 reports that inspection crews overseeing the restoration efforts had noticed several months earlier that a five foot long armature bar near one of the arms had been stamped with the forty names of the forty iron workers who had installed the armatures. The bar had to be replaced, and was paid for by the contractors. Before being replaced the bar was photographed and an image of the bar appears in the June 1986 issue of Smithsonian magazine.
Torch.
The torch was removed from the statue on July 4, 1984. An article in "The New York Times" from October 8, 1984 stated that the new torch is to be completed in the same manner that the old torch was made in 14 months by ten craftsmen from Les metalliers Champenois based in Rheims, and that a workshop at the statues base on liberty island had been made accessible to the public that month.
Structural misalignment issues.
Initial assessments.
Within the copper body of the statue is the structural support system consisting of a 97-foot (30 m) central pylon, which is the backbone of the statue. The pylon consists of four girders with horizontal and diagonal cross bracing systems, which provide support to the secondary framework and to the armature, and a 40-foot (12 m) long extension that supports the raised arm and torch. It had been a well-documented fact at least since 1932 (when the War Department reinforced the arm-shoulder structure), that the support for the shoulder of the upheld arm had been misaligned. More recently it was discovered that the arch that supports the head of the statue had also been misaligned. The cause(s) of the misalignments are undetermined, but a few hypotheses have been suggested. The first hypothesis proposed was that Viollet le Duc—the engineer who initially worked on the project with Bartholdi and who designed the structural reinforcement of the arm and the head (displayed in 1876 at the Centennial exhibition in Philadelphia) had died after having completed those two sections—and had employed engineering methods that differed significantly from those of the better-known bridge engineer Gustave Eiffel, who had finished the remainder of the work on the statue, and who is generally credited for the statues remarkable structure. The second hypothesis was that the Americans, after having uncrated the different sections of the statue in 1886, incorrectly reassembled the structural framework. The third hypothesis is that the statue’s creator, Bartholdi, was aesthetically dissatisfied when the statue was fully assembled and displayed in Paris on July 4, 1884 (or just prior to), and that he must have willingly sacrificed the structural integrity for his aesthetic vision.
One of the main architects of the restoration project was initially convinced that the second hypothesis was correct, but according to a quoted and published statement, recent research had convinced him of the veracity of the third hypothesis. The most significant problems were consequences of poor design and construction choices implemented initially, but Eiffel could not have directly been responsible for such glaring mistakes according to the (same) architect. Computer aided design drawings were used to illustrate how the head and the hand wielding the torch had been misaligned, and how the misalignment had caused the spikes of the crown to damage a section of the torch-bearing arm. The “13 trouble spots of the statue” were visually emphasized in a front page "New York Times" article from July 20, 1983. The head was two feet (61 cm) off center and the upheld arm was 18 inches (46 cm) away from where it was designed to be.
With the computer simulations of the CAD program, the architects were able to assess the likelihood of implementing either of the following options to address the misalignment issue: the option of rebuilding the arm-shoulder connection as Eiffel had envisioned it, or they could strengthen the preexisting misalignment by adding new diagonal bracing and steel plates. The latter option would have the intended effect of further reinforcing the repairs that had been made when the problem was initially noticed in 1932 by the War department when it had jurisdiction over the statue. Regardless, the “finite element analysis” of the computer simulation showed that both solutions would work. Additional supports were also added inside the head to improve overall stability. Hence the positions of the arm and the head would remain as they had been since they were reassembled on Bedloe’s Island in 1886.
Preservation objectives.
According to "The New York Times", the architects on the project assured the reporter that despite the misalignment, “cosmetic changes” to the statue would not take place. Several commentators on the historic restoration project seemed to have reiterated a similar guiding sentiment: that preservation rather than unnecessary replacement would be the objective of the current restoration effort. This was quite reassuring, in the light of proposals put forward early on during the restoration efforts such as the following: “cleaning and polishing of the statue’s exterior; demolition of the statue, selling of the copper and the use of the funds raised to build an exact duplicate in fiberglass; the application of an epoxy coating to the exterior and the construction of a competing monument…” 
A "New York Times" article from February 8, 1984 mentioned that the idea to have an elevator that would reach to the crown of the statue had been recently abandoned. A double level hydraulic glass elevator would be installed inside the base of the statue from which visitors would be able to access the crown by ascending a few steps. Much of the interior had been reconstructed, with a great deal of emphasis placed on enhancing the visitors experience, as the original structure was not devised with the visitor in mind, poor lighting conditions, no ventilation and a very inadequate and basic heating system were to be changed.
Prior to the restoration, much of the internal structure of the statue was out of sight behind the mesh wire walls of the original helical stairs. It should be noted that the stairs were originally intended for workmen. Neither the architect nor the artist had envisioned that the lady would welcome visitors internally. Elevators were first installed in 1908-09. A "New York Times" article published less than a month and a half from the centennial celebration, discussed the changes within the statue as being the most spectacular. The journalist added: that “now that the walls have been removed, what is revealed is an interior that seems to combine the toughness of 19th century industrial construction and the grace of a cathedral.”

</doc>
<doc id="31016273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016273" title="Adair County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Adair County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Adair County Courthouse, located in Greenfield, Iowa, was built from 1891-1892. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The county’s first courthouse was located in Fontanelle from 1856 to 1874. It was a two-story frame building constructed from locally harvested wood. After the county seat moved to Greenfield the building was used as a school, church, meeting hall and town hall until it was destroyed in a fire in 1910. A two-story courthouse was built in Greenfield for $8,000. It was destroyed in a fire in 1889 and an opera house was used for a courthouse until a new building could be constructed. The cornerstone for the present courthouse was laid on July 4, 1891. It was constructed of brick in the Romanesque Revival style at a cost of $26,768.

</doc>
<doc id="31016285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016285" title="Baldwin v. G. A. F. Seelig, Inc.">
Baldwin v. G. A. F. Seelig, Inc.

Baldwin v. G. A. F. Seelig, Inc., , was a United States Supreme Court case which held that a state may not regulate intrastate prices by prohibiting the importation of less expensive goods in interstate commerce. It established the principle that one state, in its dealings with another, cannot place itself in economic isolation.
Background.
In 1933, the New York State Legislature passed a law which imposed a system of minimum prices to be paid by dealers to producers of milk. The law included a protective measure extending its application to milk from other states, thus ensuring that the prices set would not be undercut by cheaper imports. If the producer in the exporting state had been paid less for his milk than the prices fixed by the statute, it was illegal to sell or purchase the milk in New York. The purpose of the law was to assure an adequate local supply of wholesome milk and to secure the economic welfare of local producers.
G. A. F. Seelig was a milk dealer in New York City who purchased milk from its parent company in Vermont. GAF purchased approximately 220 cans of milk and cream every day, 90% of which was sold in original cans to hotels, restaurants and larger facilities, with the remaining 10% repackaged in individual bottles and sold directly to consumers. The prices paid to the producer was lower than those prescribed by the New York law. Baldwin, the state farms and market commissioner, refused to license GAF's business because the dealer declined to sign an agreement to conform to the statute. As New York officials moved to prosecute the company for trading without a license, GAF brought suit against the state, in the person of Baldwin and other officials. In 1934, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York issued a split decision, holding that GAF had the right to resell the milk in "original packaging", but not that which had been repackaged in individual bottles. Both parties appealed to the Supreme Court.
Opinion of the Court.
In a unanimous decision, the law was held unconstitutional. Justice Benjamin N. Cardozo delivered the opinion of the Court. First, Cardozo held that the district court had correctly issued an injunction to enjoin enforcement of the law as it applied to the milk in original packaging. A statewide prohibition on trade in goods acquired to lower prices in interstate commerce was the equivalent of a customs tariff. Imposts or duties on interstate commerce were beyond the legislative power of the state, and could only be imposed by Congress, in accordance with the Commerce Clause. The chief purpose of the clause, Cardozo contended, was to avoid economic retaliation between states. In effect, state protectionism subverted the goal of fair and impartial competition within the union:
Viewed in this light, the state's purported primary purpose of securing the health of its citizens was equally untenable. Intervention due to health concerns could not be sustained if it adversely affected the economic well-being of the nation. Exemptions made for protectionist measures each time a state experienced discomfiture would soon bring an end to union identity:
Second, Cardozo held that the district court had erred in refusing to issue an injunction enjoining the enforcement of the law as it applied to the rebottled milk. The Court had previously employed an "original packaging"-test in evaluating the legality of commerce with other countries. However, this test could not be adapted in whole to interstate commerce: it was, in Cardozo's words, "not an ultimate principle (...) an illustration of a principle." 

</doc>
<doc id="31016288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016288" title="Prescribed senior official">
Prescribed senior official

Prescribed senior official is the term used by the Canadian Border Services Agency to refer to an individual who will be refused admission into Canada by virtue of their past or current service, in or for a government responsible for war crimes or crimes against humanity.
Inadmissibility.
Section 35(1)(b) of the Canadian Crimes Against Humanity and War Crimes Act provides that a permanent resident or a foreign national is inadmissible on grounds of violating human or international rights for 
Definition of "Prescribed senior official".
For the purposes of the Act, Section 16 of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations defines a prescribed senior official in the service of a government as a person who, 
Implementation.
According to the immigration service enforcement manual, "ENF 18: War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity", (quoted in the case of Younis v. Canada (Citizenship and Immigration), 2010 FC 1157). The "top half indicator" has been cited in a number of cases (Hamidi v. Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration), 2006, FC 333, Nezam v. Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration), 2005 FC 446, Holway v. Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration), 2006 FC 309).
Personal lack of blameworthiness was determined as not relevant to the matter of inadmissibility under paragraph 19(1)(l) of the former Canadian Immigration Act, R.S.C. 1985, c. I-2, which is now paragraph 35(1)(b) of the Act (Canada (Minister of Citizenship and Immigration) v. Adam, 2 F.C. 337). Paragraph 35(1)(b) is not concerned with complicity in prohibited acts but with whether a position held is senior.
Breach of command/superior responsibility.
The Crimes against Humanity and War Crimes Act incorporates Canada's obligations as a signatory of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court into Canadian law (Canada was the first signatory to ratify the Statute). The failure of a military commander or superior to fulfil their responsibility to take measures to prevent or repress genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes by not submitting the commission of such a crime by a subordinate to the competent authorities for investigation is deemed breach of command/superior responsibility and made a criminal offence under the Act.

</doc>
<doc id="31016294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016294" title="The Thirteenth Man">
The Thirteenth Man

The Thirteenth Man () is a 1917 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31016301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016301" title="Jan Ivar Pedersen">
Jan Ivar Pedersen

Jan Ivar Pedersen (born 24 February 1936) is a Norwegian professor of nutrition.
He grew up in Karmøy and took his secondary education at Lycée Corneille in France. He took the cand.med. degree in 1962 and the dr.med. degree in 1973, both at the University of Oslo. He has been employed at the University of Oslo since 1964, and was promoted to professor in 1984. He has also been a member of the Norwegian National Council on Nutrition. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters since 1988 and is a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav since 2007.
He is married and has two children, and resides at Stabekk.

</doc>
<doc id="31016309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016309" title="Vancouver Nighthawks">
Vancouver Nighthawks

Vancouver Nighthawks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016316" title="Chris Greenham">
Chris Greenham

Chris Greenham (born Vivian C. Greenham) was an Academy Award-winning English sound editor, known for his work on films including "Superman", "The Guns of Navarone" and "Born Free". He was the recipient of the Academy Award in 1962 for Best Effects for his work on "The Guns of Navarone" (shared with Bill Warrington). 

</doc>
<doc id="31016324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016324" title="Jeřábek">
Jeřábek

Jeřábek (means "little crane") is Czech surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31016327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016327" title="E. tricolor">
E. tricolor

E. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016335" title="Ben Saunders">
Ben Saunders

Ben Saunders may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016355" title="Golubov">
Golubov

Golubov (; masculine) or Golubova (; feminine) is Russian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31016375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016375" title="La storia di un peccato">
La storia di un peccato

La storia di un peccato is a 1918 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31016376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016376" title="Pupovac">
Pupovac

Pupovac is a Serbian surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016387" title="Greek industrial railways">
Greek industrial railways

A number of private industrial railway lines were constructed in Greece for exclusive use by major mining operations and by extensive industrial facilities. There were also a few temporary lines, used for the construction of major public works. Most of them were either meter gauge or narrow gauge.
Aliveri mines and power station railway.
The railway network of Aliveri power station was relatively extensive. It was used to transport lignite (brown coal) from nearby mines to the power station, which was located near the sea, so that it could use sea water for cooling.
The Aliveri metre gauge network (1958) was built by the Public Power Corporation on the site of a smaller network and was extended to new areas, having a total length of 22 km. It was used to carry lignite from the underground coal mines, which were located inland, to the electric power station. It was also used to carry ash, which was dumped in the mining area. The trains were initially hauled by five Jung steam locomotives, which were replaced by four Nippon Saryo and one Diema diesel locomotives around 1980. An Orenstein & Koppel diesel locomotive (1958) was used as a shunter in the steel construction department of the station. The network was in regular operation until 1988, when the power station was converted to burn heavy fuel oil and the mines were closed down.
In addition to the metre gauge network, within the mines area lignite was carried by a (Decauville system) railway system. This small mining railway was electrified and used three AEG EL5 and three AEG EL6 locomotives. It was abandoned in 1970, when the tunnels flooded and mining started on lignite deposits near the surface.
One of the Nippon Saryo locomotives survives in excellent condition and is used at Velestino by EMOS, a preservation society operating on an abandoned section of Thessaly Railways.
Ptolemais mining railways.
The economy of the area around Ptolemais is largely based on the lignite (brown coal) mines. The major industries were AEVAL (fertilizers), the Public Power Corporation power plants (electricity generation) and LIPTOL (cogeneration of electricity and production of dried lignite in dust and brick form). The Hellenic State Railways built a standard gauge branch from Amyntaio, which extends to Kozani with a major branch to Agios Dimitrios power plant and minor branches from Komanos stations to other power plants around Ptolemais.
In addition to the public rail network, industries the area were served by a dedicated gauge mine railway, which connected the two major lignite mining areas (Northern field and Western field) to the industrial consumers. The network used twelve electric Bo-Bo locomotives (type EL 4 made in Germany) of 760 kW and four B shunters. The rail network was gradually closed down when the initial lignite fields were exhausted, as new fields are better served by conveyor belt systems.

</doc>
<doc id="31016389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016389" title="Wanted (Yazz album)">
Wanted (Yazz album)

Wanted is the debut album by British pop singer Yazz. It was released in 1988 and features the worldwide number one smash hit "The Only Way Is Up".
Singles and chart positions.
"The Only Way Is Up" was the first single to be released from the album, reaching number one in the UK Singles Chart. Three further singles were released from the album; "Stand Up for Your Love Rights", "Fine Time" and "Where Has All The Love Gone".
"Wanted" reached number 3 in the UK Albums Chart and number 43 in the Australian ARIA Charts.

</doc>
<doc id="31016401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016401" title="Stuart Armstrong">
Stuart Armstrong

Stuart Armstrong (born 30 March 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United and the Scotland national under-21 football team.
Early and personal life.
Born in Inverness, Armstrong attended Hazlehead Academy in Aberdeen, alongside fellow footballers Fraser Fyvie and Ryan Jack. Armstrong grew up idolizing Gianfranco Zola.
Armstrong studies for a law degree through the Open University in his spare time.
Career.
Club career.
Armstrong formerly played for Dyce Boys Club and Inverness Caledonian Thistle before joining Dundee United in July 2009.
He made his first team debut for Dundee United in November 2010, coming on as a substitute in a 1–0 win over Hamilton. Two months later, on 12 January 2011, he provided his first assist, crossing for David Goodwillie to score as his side won 2–0 against Motherwell. Throughout the rest of the season, Armstrong was in and out of the team, making twelve appearance. Manager Peter Houston praised Armstrong on his substitute role.
The next season, Armstrong swapped between starting and coming off the bench as an impact sub. In a match against Inverness Caledonian Thistle, on 10 December 2011, he provided a double assist, in the second-half, to make a comeback win, which his side won 3–2. Armstrong then scored his first goal for United in a 2–2 draw against St. Mirren in December 2011. After the match, Armstrong says scoring his first goal was his first proper strike, having scored but it was deflected against Inverness.
The next season, Armstrong made his European debut in the Europa League Qualifiers third round; second leg, in a 5–0 loss against Russian side Dynamo Moscow, putting Dundee United out of the competition, after coming on as a substitute for John Rankin. After making six appearance this season, Armstrong agreed a three-year contract with Dundee United in September 2012. After signing a new deal, Manager Houston believes that Armstrong can make an impact and that he could follow former team-mates such as Goodwillie, Scott Robertson, Paul Dixon and Morgaro Gomis. On 24 November 2012, Armstrong scored his first goal of the season, in a 2–1 win over Ross County from a header, which he nicked the goal from Jon Daly. After the match, Armstrong then apologised to Daly and described this as "the furthest out finish of his career". A few week later in mid-December, Armstong provided a double assist back to back in two consecutive matches against rivals Dundee and Inverness. On 30 December 2012, Armstrong scored his second goal for the club, in a 4–3 loss against St. Mirren. Armstrong next goal came against Celtic on 16 February 2013, in a 6–2 loss. Having made six appearances in February, Armstrong was awarded Clydesdale Bank Premier League Young Player of the Month.
Towards the end of the season, Armstrong was nominated for SPFA young player of the year, but it was awarded to Hibernian's Leigh Griffiths. He did, however, go on to win the SFWA Young Player of the Year award.
In the 2013–14 season, Armstrong started his season well, scoring two goals in two games against Hibernian and St. Johnstone. Armstrong and Dundee United began negotiations over a new contract in early December and on 12 December 2013, he signed a one-year contract extension. Armstrong expressed an ambition to play in England in the future, but said he was happy to wait until he had established himself in the first team. In the January 2014 transfer window, the "Daily Mail" reported that Celtic were considering making a move for Armstrong, and that they were also interested in some of the club's other youngsters. This was later dismissed as "speculation" by Celtic Manager Neil Lennon.
In April 2014 he was nominated for the 2013–14 PFA Scotland's Young Player of the Year award, in the Premiership section. He was also selected to the 2013–14 Premiership PFA Scotland Team of the Year.
International career.
Armstrong has represented Scotland at under-19 and under-21 levels. He is currently captain of the under-21 side. On 21 May 2013, Armstrong was called up for the national team, alongside with team-mate Gary Mackay-Steven.

</doc>
<doc id="31016415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016415" title="A. tricolor">
A. tricolor

A. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016441" title="T. tricolor">
T. tricolor

T. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016470" title="Tonight (Danny Byrd song)">
Tonight (Danny Byrd song)

"Tonight" is a song by drum and bass DJ, producer and musician Danny Byrd featuring fellow Hospital Records artist Netsky. It is the fourth single released from his third album Rave Digger. The song was released on 6 February 2011 for digital download and on 12" vinyl on 7 February 2011. The single peaked at number 91 on the UK Singles Chart and number 11 on the UK Dance Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="31016473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016473" title="Redenzione (1919 film)">
Redenzione (1919 film)

Redenzione is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.

</doc>
<doc id="31016484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016484" title="H. tricolor">
H. tricolor

H. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016491" title="R S Wilshere">
R S Wilshere

Reginald Sherman Wilshere M.C, F.R.I.B.A, P.A.S.I, was an architect. He is best remembered for his much celebrated school designs in Belfast, Northern Ireland in the 1920s and 1930s.
Wilshere was from Essex, England and took over responsibility for building Belfast's schools in 1926. In all he oversaw the construction of 26 schools of various sizes and styles. 
Wilshere's team were skilful in a number of architectural styles and are attributed to have built the first modern movement style schools anywhere in Ireland.
The Buildings.
1928 – 30 Strandtown Primary School, North Road, East Belfast
Symmetrical composition in Neo Georgian style. The façade formally terminates an avenue. Matching caretaker's house incorporates changing rooms for the playing field. Scroll topped gate piers. Received RIBA Ulster Architecture Gold Medal 1930.
1930 – 33 Elmgrove Primary School, Beersbridge Road, East Belfast
Informal and picturesque composition around courtyards. In South English Vernacular style. In rustic brick with plain tiled roofs. Includes a sculptural panel by John McCann depicting education reclining below the Tree of Knowledge. Opened 1932 
1933-5 - Avoneil Primary School, Avoneil Road, East Belfast
Modern in style. Built in brick. Includes Art Deco panels depicting stylised elephants. The building was built by WM Logan and Sons Ltd and opened in August 1935 
1934- 6 - Nettlefield Primary School, East Belfast 
Built on the site of nettlefield House, near Woodstock Road. In Dudok's Dutch brick style with tower and glazed lantern. 
1936 – Botanic Primary School, South Belfast
1936 - McQuiston Memorial School, Donegall Pass
Sydenham Infant's School, Strandburn Street, East Belfast

</doc>
<doc id="31016494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016494" title="C. tricolor">
C. tricolor

C. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016495" title="Redenzione">
Redenzione

Redenzione can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016507" title="Andrew Clark (priest)">
Andrew Clark (priest)

Reverend Dr Andrew Clark (7 June 1856 – 24 March 1922) was a Church of England minister, a prodigious editor of literary and historical texts, and is now well known for his lengthy diary of the First World War.
Life.
Born in Dollarfield, near Dollar, Scotland, Clark studied Greats at Balliol College, Oxford. In 1894 he took up the position of parish priest in Great Leighs, Essex, held in the patronage of Lincoln College, Oxford.
When in Oxford Clark began editing numerous works for the Oxford Historical Society, including four volumes of the "Register of the University of Oxford" (1887–89), three volumes of Anthony Wood's "History of the City of Oxford" (1889–99) and five volumes of the "Life and Times of Anthony Wood" (1891-1900); and then six volumes for the Early English Text Society, the "English Register of Godstow Nunnery" (1905–11), the "English Register of Oseney Abbey" (1907-13) and "Lincoln Diocese Documents" (1914). His two volumes of "Aubrey's Brief Lives" (1898) were a scholarly (but censored) edition. It was, no doubt, his deep experience of the writings of Aubrey and Wood that led him to appreciate the importance of popular belief, gossip and hearsay, and prompted his greatest work in chronicling the sensation of living through the Great War in Essex.
Although he was absent in Oxford when war was declared in 1914, he decided to keep a detailed diary of "Echoes of the Great War" in his village. The diary records the sights and sounds of the war in rural Essex, the activities of Clark's friends, relatives and acquaintances, and rumours relating to the war. The full diary (extending beyond the end of the war) runs to 92 volumes, and is held in the Bodleian Library, Oxford: a condensed version was published by James Munson as "Echoes of the Great War" (OUP, 1985). Extracts from the diaries relating to those commemorated on the Great Leighs War Memorial are available via the external link below.
In addition to his diary, Clark kept clippings during the war under the title 'English Words In Wartime', which are also held (along with other records sent by Clark) in the Bodleian. In addition to his volumes of historical records he also published and some original books, such as "The Colleges of Oxford" (1891), "Lincoln" (College Histories, 1898), and "A Bodleian Guide for Visitors" (1906). Clark was a contributor to the "Essex Review".
Works.
Edited volumes of Wood's "Antiquities of the City of Oxford" (1889–99)
Contributions to the "DNB".
Clark's contributions to the "Dictionary of National Biography" included:

</doc>
<doc id="31016523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016523" title="Theodore G. Lewis">
Theodore G. Lewis

Theodore Gorman Lewis (November 19, 1890 – December 5, 1934) was an American jurist from Wisconsin.
Born in McFarland, Wisconsin, Lewis graduated from the University of Wisconsin and received his law degree from the University of Wisconsin Law School. He served in the United States Army during World War I. Lewis was district attorney of Dane County, Wisconsin. He also served as city attorney of Madison, Wisconsin. Lewis was also executive secretary to the Governor of Wisconsin. On November 15, 1934, Lewis was appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court only to died of pneumonia twenty days later on December 5, 1934, before he could hear a case.

</doc>
<doc id="31016524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016524" title="Benton County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Benton County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Benton County Courthouse, located in Vinton, Iowa, United States, was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
Benton County’s first courthouse was a log structure, but it did not have a roof or floor, so the court met in a log home during inclement weather. Because of a dispute over the location of the county seat the second courthouse stood unfinished until 1852, and was destroyed in a fire the following year. The county’s third courthouse was dedicated in December 1856. It was built for $13,000. The present courthouse was completed in 1906 for $105,000.
Architecture.
The Beaux Arts style building features a 112 foot (34 m) tall central tower. It contains an illuminated clock, a 1,500 pound (680.4 kg) B-flat bell and it is topped with a dome. The exterior of the building is clad in Buckeye gray sandstone.

</doc>
<doc id="31016529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016529" title="2011 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 WAC Men's Basketball Tournament was held March 9–12 at the Orleans Arena in Paradise, Nevada to crown a champion of the Western Athletic Conference. The tournament was won by Utah State for their 2nd WAC tournament title to earn an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
Format.
The top eight teams in the conference qualified for the tournament. The top two seeds received byes into the semi-finals while the 3 and 4 seeds received byes into the quarter-finals. The two quarter-finals games were broadcast on ESPNU. The semi-final involving the 2 seed and the championship game was broadcast by ESPN2.
Bracket.
All Times Pacific.
Rankings from the AP Poll.

</doc>
<doc id="31016535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016535" title="I. tricolor">
I. tricolor

I. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016550" title="Sears-Ferris House">
Sears-Ferris House

The Sears-Ferris House, at 311 W. Third St. in Carson City, Nevada, is a historic house built in 1863. It was owned from 1868 to 1890 by George Washington Gale Ferris Sr., father of George W.G. Ferris, Jr., future inventor of the Ferris Wheel. It has also been known as the G.W.G. Ferris House.
Originally built in about 1863 by Gregory A. Sears, a pioneer Carson City businessman, the house was added to the National Register of Historic Places for Carson City in 1979.
It includes Colonial Revival and Georgian Revival architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="31016551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016551" title="Ferris House (Pittsburgh)">
Ferris House (Pittsburgh)

Ferris House is a historic building in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It was once home to George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr., who designed and constructed the Ferris Wheel.

</doc>
<doc id="31016557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016557" title="Yumiko Shige">
Yumiko Shige


</doc>
<doc id="31016561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016561" title="Lincoln Depot Museum">
Lincoln Depot Museum

Lincoln Depot Museum is located in Peekskill, New York inside the Peekskill Freight Depot. The Museum is managed by the Lincoln Depot Foundation, whose mission is to preserve the history and ties between Abraham Lincoln and Peekskill.
History.
On February 19, 1861 President Abraham Lincoln's inaugural train made a stop at the Peekskill Freight Depot. Approximately 1500 people attended the President's visit. It is widely held that Lincoln made the stop on the request of his congressional colleague William Nelson (congressman) from Westchester County, New York. The train's route was from Springfield, Illinois to Washington, D.C. and took 13 days to complete.
Lincoln's stop in Peekskill was well documented at the time "Towards noon, quite a number came to the village from the country surrounding, and wended their way to the Depot.”; and continues to be a source of local pride.
After President Lincoln's assassination in 1865, his funeral train retraced the route and stopped in Peekskill on the way back to Springfield.
Video.
National Park Service Superintendent Timothy Good discusses the Lincoln Depot Museum.
Development.
In April 2005, then New York State Governor, George Pataki secured the initial funding of $600,000 for the Museum. The initial funding was part of a $1.1 Million Empire State Development Corporation (ESDC) grant for waterfront development projects in Westchester County. By the time of its groundbreaking on February 9, 2011 the Lincoln Depot Foundation had secured approximately $3 Million in funding. WASA/Studio A of New York City was selected as the architect and MEP engineers for this adaptive reuse project from freight depot to museum occupancy. C&G Partners have provided the concept design for the new Museum exhibits, scheduled to be open in 2013.
Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors includes Chairman General Patrick J. Garvey, President John G. Testa, Sibyl Canaan, Secretary/Treasurer, Dr. Robert Hales, Paul R. Martin III, Brian Caplan; staff includes Executive Director Susan Jacobson.

</doc>
<doc id="31016564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016564" title="G. tricolor">
G. tricolor

G. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016568" title="Mississippi Queen (disambiguation)">
Mississippi Queen (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="31016570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016570" title="Ben Saunders (singer)">
Ben Saunders (singer)

Ben Saunders (born 9 July 1983) is a Dutch singer who won the first-ever title of the Dutch singing competition series "The Voice of Holland" broadcast on RTL 4. The final of 2010–2011 season was held live on 21 January 2011. Saunders is also a tattoo artist. Which was soon to be renamed "Swallow that Cream" He is popularly known as "Tattoo Ben".
Early life.
Saunders is of English origin. He is the younger brother of Dean Saunders who on 22 January 2011, won the title of the third season (2010–2011) of the Dutch music competition "Popstars", notably only a day after Ben's victory on "The Voice".
Brothers Ben and Dean Saunders both started applying to talent competitions early like for the series "Daddy's Wish". They also took part in 1998 in "Life is like a box of chocolates" program.
Career.
1998-2003: Follow That Dream.
In 2000, Dean and Ben Saunders both took part in RTL 4's "Alles voor de band: Follow that dream". They were part of the band Follow That Dream (F.T.D.) (that included besides the two brothers Vanessa Eman, Rosa Vuik, Linda van Toornburg and Peter van der Meer. The band was signed to Dino Music record label.
Their debut single the self-titled "Follow That Dream" was released in November 2000 reaching #25 in the Dutch Top 40. 6 months later, the band split after the great popularity of the rival "Starmaker" show.
2003: Eurovision Song Contest entry.
On February 15, 2003 the Saunders brothers took part in the 2003 Dutch "Nationaal Songfestival", a Dutch national music pre-selection contest for qualification to Eurovision Song Contest to be held in Riga, Latvia. They performed the song "Stand As One" in the third heat under the name "The Brothers" getting just 10 points and finishing with 3% of the popular vote as seventh out of 8 participants.
2010-present: "The Voice of Holland".
In 2010, Ben Saunders applied to "The Voice of Holland" singing competition proving to be very popular with both judges and the voting public, after singing in his audition "Use Somebody" from Kings of Leon. Ben was coached by Roel van Velzen. In the final, he sang his number one single, his cover version rendition of "If You Don't Know Me by Now" and duetted with Welsh singer Duffy on her song "Warwick Avenue" and won by 59% of the votes against runner-up Pearl Jozefzoon.
Saunders has charted with 4 different songs in the top 15 of the Dutch charts, including attaining #1 position with his single "Kill For a Broken Heart".
Personal life.
Ben Saunders was born in England in 1983, but moved to the Netherlands in 1986, aged three. He resided in Hoorn, about 35 kilometers north of Amsterdam.
Before applying to the competition, Ben Saunders worked as a tattoo artist. He owned a tattoo parlour in Hoorn. He was popularly nicknamed "Tattoo Ben" because of his extensive tattoos.

</doc>
<doc id="31016573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016573" title="L. tricolor">
L. tricolor

L. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016578" title="Kaczorowski">
Kaczorowski

Kaczorowski (feminine: Kaczorowska, plural: Kaczorowscy) is a Polish surname. Notable people with this surname include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="31016603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016603" title="Bamboo Bike Project">
Bamboo Bike Project

The Bamboo Bike Project was started by two scientists at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory (LDEO), David Ho and John Mutter, with initial funding coming from The Earth Institute at Columbia University. The project's goal is to help local investors start factories that make low cost, high quality, locally produced bamboo bikes to be widely distributed in Sub-Saharan Africa.
History.
In 2006, David Ho, now a Professor of Oceanography at University of Hawaii at Manoa, won $25,000 in a seed funding competition from the Earth Clinic to determine the feasibility of using bamboo bicycles to provide improved transportation in sub-Saharan Africa. In the summer of 2007, Ho and his colleague John Mutter, using the seed money from the Earth Clinic, paid for Craig Calfee to join them on a trip to Accra, Ghana to determine the feasibility of building bamboo bikes using locally sourced material. 
After a successful trip, the Bamboo Bike Project teamed up with the Millennium Cities Initiative in 2008 to help establish bamboo bike building factories in Kumasi and elsewhere. The project also added Marty Odlin, who was a product design and development engineer at K2 Sports. 
2008 also saw the release of a KPMG-authored report that examined the feasibility and investment opportunity of implementing a bamboo bicycle production facility in Kumasi, Ghana. This was followed a year later by a similar study for Kisumu, Kenya by graduate students at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs (SIPA).
Goals.
The listed goals of the Bamboo Bike Project are:
Impact of bicycles.
Experiments done in Africa (Uganda and Tanzania) and Sri Lanka on hundreds of households have shown that a bicycle can increase the income of a poor family by as much as 35%.
Benefits of bamboo frames vs. steel frames in Africa.
Bamboo is an excellent material for building bicycle frames. Bamboo frames are lighter and stronger than poor quality steel bicycles, typically imported from China or India which are currently available in Africa. The production of bamboo bicycles requires much less equipment, energy and capital than steel frames. Bamboo is grown throughout Africa and is a readily available cost effective material. 
The manufacturing of bamboo frames does not require a reliable electrical source, making it possible to manufacture these frames at a large scale in impoverished areas lacking the infrastructure to support traditional manufacturing facilities. The use of local bamboo also provides employment in the production, transport and final use of this material. The use of this material promotes economic development and environmental sustainability while providing cost effective transport.
Ghana production facility.
In January 2011, the Bamboo Bike Project (BBP) held a two-week training program designed to teach local workers in Kumasi how to build bamboo bicycles. It is the project's first large-scale bamboo bike production facility in the world. This facility is controlled by Bamboo Bikes Limited (BBM), a Ghana based company owned by investor Kwame Sarpong. The training program was used to begin the production of 750 bamboo bicycles which were to be distributed to NGOs located throughout Ghana. 
The production of these bicycles was to provide the managing company BBM an opportunity to evaluate the facility's capacity for large-scale production and provide adequate experience for the workers to begin large-scale production. With the completion of the training program and the production of these first 750 bicycles, the plant became the first facility capable of mass-producing bamboo bicycles in the world. It is projected that this facility will be capable of producing up to 20,000 bamboo bicycles a year. 
Manufacturing at this scale will provide employment, keep costs low, and make available cost-effective transport to the local people.

</doc>
<doc id="31016604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016604" title="John Somerville, 4th Lord Somerville">
John Somerville, 4th Lord Somerville

John Somerville, 4th Lord Somerville, (c.1484-1523), was a Lord of the Parliament of Scotland. John was the eldest son of William Somerville, Master of Somerville, who was the son of John Somerville, 3rd Lord Somerville and Marjory Montgomerie. He was succeeded by his brother Hugh.
According to the 17th-century family history written by James, 11th Lord Somerville, this Lord John was an ineffectual character, and his affairs were managed by his relations as tutors and curators. The historian only found one charter signed by John at Edinburgh in 1510 connected with his coming-of-age, and assumes the Lord spent most of his life at Cowthally Castle near Carnwath. There is no record of John attending Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="31016608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016608" title="Alicia Kinoshita">
Alicia Kinoshita


</doc>
<doc id="31016614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016614" title="PLPAK">
PLPAK

The PLPAK developers, BE4E, describe it as "The PLPAK is special purpose software package for structural analysis of building slabs and foundations based on the Boundary Element Method". The PLPAK uses the shear-deformable plate bending theory according to Reissner.
Technical publications.
This package is developed by Prof. Youssef F. Rashed with his research group. The following are some relevant publications:
Applications.
The PLPAK can be used to do structural analysis for:
Modelling capabilities.
The analysis using the PLPAK allows the modeler to make use of the advantages of the boundary element modeling. The PLPAK user has the ability to:
Software components.
The PLPAK software is an integrated development environment helps the user to generate his model using the PLGen module. It allows the user to view or/and edit the used boundary element model via the PLView module. Hence he can solve it using the PLCoreMan module. The PLPost module serves as a post-processing module for the obtained results. The package could be linked to other packages such as the PTPAK which provide the capability of adding post-tensioned cables to the model.
The proposed PLPAK package consists mainly of five main parts (separate modules) as follows:
The PLGen module.
The PLGen module stands for the virtual model generator or the pre-processor of the PLPAK. It mainly changes any structural drawing to what is called the “virtual model”. Modeller can import structural drawings from DXF CAD files or can draw then directly using the CAD capabilities of the PLGen. The virtual model looks very similar to the original structural drawing. The PLGen mainly define the structure using series of objects. These objects are classified into one of three categories: the geometrical objects (single slab and openings), the loading objects (column load, wall load, load patch, load assembly) and the supporting objects (column, wall, wall assembly, soil support, beam). Using such objects the modeler can define all elements in the building slab. It has to be noted that the virtual model represents the actual slab shape (not like the centre-line model of the finite element method). Columns and walls are represented by the actual cross section shape. The PLGen can also input the numerical models of each object such as the number of boundary elements for each segments, the discretization of the beam-slab contact areas, etc. Load cases only (i.e. no load combinations) are defined in the PLGen module. Material properties are also defined herein. The below Figure demonstrates the graphical user interface of the PLGen module.
The following table states the types of objects available in the PLGEn module.
The capabilities of this module can be summarized as follows:
The PLView module.
The PLView module is a MDI (multiple document interface) graphical environment that allows the modeller to view or/and to edit the boundary element numerical model of the considered problem. Boundary element discretization and internal loading or supporting patches are viewed. The PLView could be launched directly from the PLGen module. Practical engineers or beginners can skip this module. It has to be noted that the expert modellers can write their own input text file for the considered numerical model and input it directly to the PLView model without passing through the PLGen module. The below Figure demonstrates the graphical user interface of the PLView module.
This is the BE model viewer that is developed to visualize the generated boundary element models generated by the PLGen module or from user text input. This module has also some model editing capabilities that are considered a secondary benefit. Only advanced users who have thorough understanding of boundary element modeling can make use of this feature. The core component of this module is proposed to be a dataset that contains data tables of all the entities forming the model. This dataset can be thought of as a database that resides in the computer memory rather than on the computer hard disk. This technique is usually faster for data centric applications especially when the size of data is not large, as the case when using BEM. The dataset is populated using the data that already exist in the input text file (*.in) and then the populated dataset is used to visualize the model. The model data typically consist of material parameters, linear equation solver parameters, nodes coordinates, points coordinates, elements connectivity data, columns definition, cells definition and internal points coordinates.
The capabilities of the BE model viewer can be summarized in the following:
The PLCoreMan module.
The PLCoreMan module serves as a link between all of the PLPAK modules. It allows solution for
multiple load cases. It also allows adding any additional loading (such as pre-stressing loading) or
sophisticated supporting elements (such as any substructure). It also acts as solution tracer.
This is the part of the PLPAK that is responsible for solving the boundary element model (saved by the
PLGen) using Reissner plate bending equations. The main part of the module is the PL.exe which is the
core solver. This module allows the user to add post tensioning cables and updates the input files
according to the cables added. The below Figure demonstrates the generic operation diagram for the
PL.exe core solver.
The PLPost module.
The PLPost module allows the user to display the results in forms of strips, contours, and colour patches.
It has to be noted that all results obtained in the PLPost environment are computed using analytical
integral equations. In other words, no approximation is involved. Load combinations are defined herein.
Results of any form could be exported easily to text files or to spreadsheets programs. The below Figure
demonstrates the graphical user interface of the PLPost module.
The proposed capabilities of the post processor can be summarized in the following:
The PTPAK module.
The PTPAK is the software component responsible for the creation of cable profiles and updating them to the structural model.

</doc>
<doc id="31016624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016624" title="Amaranth (barquentine)">
Amaranth (barquentine)

Amaranth was a four-masted barquentine built by Matthew Turner of Benicia, California in 1901. "Amaranth" sailed in the China trade between Puget Sound and Shanghai. She was wrecked on a guano island in the South Pacific in 1913 while carrying a load of coal.
Construction.
Barquentine Amaranth Co. incorporated in San Francisco on Sept. 14, 1901 with capital stock of $76,000 and was assigned state corporation no. 33,965. Captain Turner, a master shipbuilder, was known for his Bering Sea pelagic sealing schooners, codfishing schooners, South Seas schooners, and sugar packets. "Amaranth" measured 1,109 tons, and was a sister ship to Turner's 1,167 ton barquentine "Amazon." The ship was named after the amaranth plant.
In 1975, a half-hull model of "Amaranth" was on display in the San Francisco Maritime Museum. By 1941, the Historic American Merchant Marine project had collected and deposited the complete plans of "Amaranth" at the US National Museum.
Voyages to China.
"Amaranth" sailed from Astoria, Oregon to Shanghai in 23 days. She also made four voyages under Captain E.C. Boles from Puget Sound to Taku, (Shanghai), "in 100, 110, 118, and 123 days."
Delivery of drydock materials to Pearl Harbor.
In April 1910, "Amaranth" delivered materials for construction of a drydock facility at Pearl Harbor. "Amaranth" was the fourth deep-sea, cargo-carrying vessel to venture into the newly dredged harbor, where a naval station was planned, having been preceded by the three-masted schooner "W.H. Marston" on March 8, and the schooner "Ariel" and bark "Marston" a few days later.
Shipwreck at Jarvis Island.
On 30 August 1913, "Amaranth", under Captain C.W. Nielson, was carrying a cargo of coal from Newcastle, New South Wales to San Francisco when she wrecked on the southeastern shore of Jarvis Island. On shore, the "Amaranth" crew could see the ruins of ten wooden guano-mining buildings, including a two-story house. "The captain and crew took to their boats and landed next morning. The vessel broke up. With salvaged provisions and water, the crew managed to reach Samoa in the two boats 3 weeks later." One lifeboat reached Pago Pago, American Samoa and the other made Apia in Western Samoa. Two beige-colored wool blankets used by the crewmembers evacuating the ship survive, at the San Francisco Maritme Museum.
The "Amaranth"'s scattered remains were noted and scavenged for many years, and rounded fragments of coal from the ship's hold were still being found on the south beach in the late 1930s. "A memorial cairn and plaque that commemorate the grounding are still present on the island."

</doc>
<doc id="31016633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016633" title="Belvedere on the Pfingstberg">
Belvedere on the Pfingstberg

The Belvedere on the Pfingstberg () is a palace in the northern part of the New Garden in Potsdam, Germany, atop Pfingstberg mountain. It was commissioned by Friedrich Wilhelm IV and is only one part of an originally substantially more extensive building project. The twin-towered building was modeled on of Italian Renaissance architecture, and it was built between 1847 and 1863 with an interruption from 1852 to 1860. From sketches of from the king, the architects Ludwig Persius, Friedrich August Stüler and Ludwig Ferdinand Hessian drew up details plans. The garden architect Peter Joseph Lenné was responsible for the design of the grounds.
The building fell into disrepair, but was repaired between 1988 and 2005 by a group of local residents. Today, the Belvedere is open for tourists.

</doc>
<doc id="31016635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016635" title="Dilyan Kolev">
Dilyan Kolev

Dilyan Kolev (; born 9 November 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer.
Club career.
Born in Byala, Rousse Province, Kolev played in the youth teams of PFC Litex Lovech. He represented Bulgarian teams PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra, Benkovski Byala, Kom-Minyor, OFC Sliven 2000 and PFC Chavdar Byala Slatina before moving abroad.
In the winter break of the 2011–12 season, he moved first time abroad, to play with Moldovan National Division side FC Costuleni. Then in summer 2012 he moved to Montenegro where he signed for FK Čelik Nikšić.
International career.
In 2009, he was a member of the Bulgaria national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="31016642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016642" title="Tommy Crilly">
Tommy Crilly

Tommy Crilly (born 20 July 1895 in Stockton, England) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Hartlepools United, Derby County, Crystal Palace, Northampton Town. He also played for Stockton and Scunthorpe & Lindsey United.

</doc>
<doc id="31016646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016646" title="Diana Karenne">
Diana Karenne

Diana Karenne (1888 – 14 October 1940) was a Polish film actress. She appeared in over 40 films between 1916 and 1940. She was killed during the Allied bombing of Aachen at the beginning of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="31016649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016649" title="Barry John Keane">
Barry John Keane

Keane, Barry John is an Irish Gaelic footballer with Kerry GAA and has played with them at minor Under 21 and senior level. He is the grandson of the famous former Kerry player John Dowling. He plays with the Kerins O'Rahilly's club in Tralee. Barry John made his Championship debut for Kerry against Tipperary in 2010 at Semple Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="31016665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016665" title="Ken Harper (footballer born 1917)">
Ken Harper (footballer born 1917)

Ken Harper (15 April 1917 – February 1994) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back, making 50 appearances in the Football League between 1946 and 1949 for Bradford City.

</doc>
<doc id="31016674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016674" title="Military Service Tribunals">
Military Service Tribunals

Military Service Tribunals were bodies formed by borough, urban district and rural district councils to hear applications for exemption from conscription into the British Army during World War I. Although not strictly recruiting bodies, they played an important part in the process of conscription. Tribunals were established as part of the Derby Scheme in 1915, but were continued on a statutory basis by the Military Service Act, bringing in conscription.
There were 2,086 local Military Service Tribunals, with 83 County Appeal Tribunals (formed by county councils) to hear appeals by applicants not happy with the local tribunal decision. A Central Tribunal at Westminster in London served, solely at the discretion of the Appeals Tribunal, as the final court of appeal;it largely dealt with difficult cases that would stand as precedent for local tribunals.
Although they are best known for their often heavy-handed attitude towards cases of Conscientious Objection, most of the tribunals' work dealt with domestic and business matters. Men could apply on the grounds of their doing work of national importance, business or domestic hardship, medical unfitness, and conscientious objection. Only around two per cent of applicants were conscientious objectors. The image of the tribunals at the time was that they were soft on these cases and harsh on those relating to domestic hardship; after the war conscience cases became more prominent and tribunals are known for their (genuinely) harsh treatment of objectors.
A very large number of men applied: by the end of June 1916, 748,587 men had applied to tribunals. Over the same period around 770,000 men joined the army. Most men were given some kind of exemption, usually temporary (between a few weeks and six months) or conditional on their situation at work or home remaining serious enough to warrant their retention at home. In October 1.12 million men nationally held tribunal exemption or had cases pending, by May 1917 this had fallen to 780,000 exempt and 110,000 pending. At this point there were also 1.8 million men with exemptions granted by the government (for example, those working in war industries); combined these exemptions covered more men than were serving overseas with the British Army.

</doc>
<doc id="31016682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016682" title="Taipei Railway Underground Project">
Taipei Railway Underground Project

The Taipei Railway Underground Project is an on-going project in the Republic of China (Taiwan) capital Taipei to remove surface railway facilities, replacing them with a tunnel and new facilities outside the city limits. The underground section includes separate tunnels for the tracks of national rail carrier Taiwan Railway Administration's (TRA) Western Line and for the Standard gauge tracks of Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation (THSRC). All stations on the section are rebuilt as multi-level complexes, which also function as transport hubs, with underground platforms for TRA and THSRC trains, and new stations of the Taipei Metro at deeper levels.
First phase.
In the early 1980s, railway facilities in central Taipei were seen as obstacles to rail traffic and local development, and were seen as bad for the city's appearance. Therefore, the executive branch of Taiwan's government, the Executive Yuan, tasked the Taipei Railway Underground Project Organisation (TRUPO) with the project to rebuild railway facilities.
The first phase of the project was the complete reconstruction of Taipei Main Station as a multi-level building, with train platforms placed underground along with adjacent tracks. Work on the section between Huashan and Wanhua began in July 1983, and was completed after NT$17.792 billion spent in September 1989.
Second phase.
In the nineties, the tunnel was extended both eastward and westward, and with separate double track north and south tunnels, preparation was made for Taiwan High Speed Rail, the planned high-speed line to Kaohsiung. The eastward extension, the Songshan Project, added to Songshan. The project cost NT$27.48 billion, and was in construction from July 1989 until June 1994. On the surface, the space gained was used for the construction of the elevated Civic Blvd Expressway, which opened in September 1997.
The westward extension, the Wanhua–Banqiao Project, added to the four-track tunnel section, on a new alignment with the newly built Wanhua Station and the rebuilt Banqiao Station along it. The total project length was , which included the upgrade of TRA's surface tracks, and a new Shulin Coach Yard at the end of the upgraded section, built to maintain TRA's electric multiple unit (EMU) and diesel multiple unit (DMU) fleet. Work started in September 1992, and TRA began to use the underground tracks in the north tunnel in July 1999.
The extensions also include emergency stations, where passengers can be evacuated in case of fire. The stations and emergency stations were fitted with a smoke suppression system that was tested with simulations and a live evacuation trial in Wanhua Station.
The first of the south tunnel and its exit forms an altogether section of the THSR. Civil works were the responsibility of TRUPO.
When work started on the south tunnel, TRA's management was concerned that TRA's capacity would be limited during construction. TRA was to give up the tracks and some station platforms without receiving a compensation or rent. Rail unions said that this arrangement would result in a reduction of TRA services by more than a fourth, and a loss of income and jobs, and organised a protest rally in March 2002, after which the Ministry of Transport agreed to re-negotiate the TRA–THSRC contract. The cancellation of some TRA train services resulting from the final station platform lease agreement led to another union protest and threat of strike action in February 2003. Unions continued to protest the TRA–THSRC agreement, accusing the government of having favoured THSRC. Civil works in the south tunnel were completed in April 2003.
After the completion of track construction, the western end of the south tunnel went into service on January 5, 2007, when THSRC's high-speed trains began to run between Taipei and Kaohsiung with Banqiao as the Taipei terminus. The service was extended to Taipei Main Station on March 2, 2007. The end of the completed track section east of Taipei was put into use as the Songshan Temporary Facility, for servicing the trains.
Third phase.
The NT$83.069 billion Nangang Project completes the Taipei Railway Underground Project with a eastward extension of the tunnel, including the rebuilt Songshan and Nangang Stations. East of Nangang along TRA's Western Line, the project also includes a short mountain tunnel and a elevated section. Wudu Freight Yard, near Wudu Station, and Qidu Marshalling Yard, next to Qidu Station, replaces facilities dissolved at Songshan Station. The entire length of the TRA part of the Nangang Project is between Songshan and Qidu, and was to be completed in August 2011. Construction was officially completed on October 23, 2011 and began service the following day on October 24, 2011. As a separate NT$10 billion project, in March 2009, TRA also began building a new depot at Fugang, Taoyuan County, to replace its Songshan Depot, which was reached crossing THSRC's tracks.
Approaching Nangang Station from the west, THSRC's south tunnel swings above TRA's north tunnel, to connect to different levels of Nangang Station. East of Nangang Station, THSR tracks swing to the right, towards THSRC's planned Xizhi Depot. The THSR level of Nangang Station is under construction for an October 2012 opening.
With the railroad moved underground in the Songshan-Nangang area, a new road was created aboveground running from Keelung Road to Nangang Station. An online ballot was created to let citizens vote on the name of the new road, scheduled to open in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31016691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016691" title="Bence Lázár">
Bence Lázár

Lázár Bence (born 21 March 1991) is a Hungarian footballer (striker) player who currently plays for Újpest FC.
Club career.
He made his debut against Kaposvári Rákóczi FC on 26 February 2011. In this match he scored twice.

</doc>
<doc id="31016693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016693" title="Eribella">
Eribella

Eribella is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31016699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016699" title="Ken Harper (footballer born 1924)">
Ken Harper (footballer born 1924)

Ken Harper (born 27 April 1924) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre half, making one appearance in the Football League between 1950 and 1951 for Shrewsbury Town.

</doc>
<doc id="31016704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016704" title="2001 Six Nations Championship squads">
2001 Six Nations Championship squads

England.
Head Coach: Clive Woodward
France.
Head Coach: Bernard Laporte
Ireland.
Head Coach: Warren Gatland
Italy.
Head Coach: Brad Johnstone
Scotland.
Head Coach: Ian McGeechan
Wales.
Head Coach: Graham Henry

</doc>
<doc id="31016709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016709" title="B. tricolor">
B. tricolor

B. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016713" title="Erynniopsis">
Erynniopsis

Erynniopsis is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31016715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016715" title="O. tricolor">
O. tricolor

O. tricolor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31016723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016723" title="Ohio State Route 505">
Ohio State Route 505

State Route 505 (SR 505) is a north–south highway in the southwestern quadrant of the U.S. state of Ohio. This state highway runs from its southern terminus at a T-intersection with U.S. Route 52 (US 52) in the western half of the village of Higginsport to its northern terminus at SR 125 just southeast of Hamersville.
Route description.
All of SR 505 is situated within the southwestern corner of Brown County. This route is not included as a part of the National Highway System, a network of highways identified as being most important for the country's economy, mobility and defense.
History.
The SR 505 designation was assigned in 1937. For the duration of its history, SR 505 has maintained the same routing between US 52 in Higginsport and SR 125 near Hamersville. 
In 1940, when SR 756 was extended east from Felicity to connect to SR 505 at the point that marks its current eastern terminus. At that time, however, SR 756 was extended northeast to run concurrently with SR 505 to a common terminus at SR 125. This would remain the case until 1995, when the SR 756 concurrency was removed from SR 505, resulting in SR 756 having a new eastern terminus where it currently does at SR 505. In addition, SR 505 was re-instated to its 1937–1940 status of being free of a concurrency for its entire length.

</doc>
<doc id="31016726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016726" title="Leptinotarsa haldemani">
Leptinotarsa haldemani

Leptinotarsa haldemani is a glossy green beetle in the family Chrysomelidae. It is commonly known as Haldeman's green potato beetle. It was named in honour of Samuel Stehman Haldeman, a nineteenth-century American entomologist who collected insect specimens in Texas.
Description.
This little beetle has a black head, antennae, thorax and legs. Its general body shape is domed and the elytra are usually deep metallic green but sometimes metallic purple or blue.
Distribution.
This species is found in Mexico, Central America and the US states of Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas.
Host plants.
This beetle is found on members of the Solanaceae family including wild species of "Physalis", "Solanum douglasii" and the Anderson thornbush, "Lycium andersonii". It is also occasionally found on potatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="31016728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016728" title="Charles Andrew Howell III">
Charles Andrew Howell III

Charles Andrew Howell III, (born December 30, 1930, Brentwood, Tennessee) is an American businessman and politician.
Personal life and education.
The son of Charles A. Howell, Jr. and Helen Johnson Buchanan Howell, Howell was born in Brentwood, Tennessee and raised in Nashville. He was a graduate of Walter Stokes School and Hillsboro High School. After graduating from Hillsboro, he attended The University of the South at Sewanee (c’53) where he joined the Kappa Sigma Fraternity. The following year he attended David Lipscomb College prior to enlisting in the 105th Fighter Squadron of the Air National Guard. His squadron was activated in early 1951 and he spent the next 18 months on active duty. While on active duty, he took classes in radio broadcasting. Upon release from duty, he worked briefly at WKSR in Pulaski.
He later re-enrolled at Lipscomb. Shortly after, he met Julie Harb and followed her to Los Angeles when she moved there with her family. He attended George Pepperdine College there and married Harb on June 10, 1954.
Career.
Upon his return to Nashville, Howell entered the family construction business with his father, Charles A. Howell, Jr. His career in construction spanned the years 1954 until 1979 when he joined the administration of Governor Lamar Alexander as Assistant Commissioner of Finance and Administration, Commissioner of Conservation, State Historic Preservation Officer, Chairman of the Oil and Gas Board, Officer of the National Association of State Outdoor Recreation Liaison Officers and Conservator of The Capitol.
Politics.
Howell was elected to the First Metropolitan Council (1962–65), ran on the Goldwater ticket in 1964 for Public Service Commission, elected to the Tennessee House of Representatives (1968–70) where his seatmate and mentor was Representative Dr. Harold Bradley, a Democrat. He ran on the Republican Ticket for the Tennessee State Senate but lost the election to Senator Douglas Henry, a Democrat. Howell was an elector for 1988 Presidential Election.
After Governor Alexander's tenure completed in 1987, he renewed his interest in Trust For The Future, the organization he had founded earlier. He also regained interest in Republican politics and was elected to the Tennessee Republican Party Executive Committee. He later resigned. In 2000 he sought election to the county office of Assessor of Property.
After retiring from the state government, Howell accepted an offer to lead the Cumberland Museums during a time of expansion and the construction of a new wildlife park for this region. When reviewing the plans for the new construction projects he discovered some environmental issues and organized the Tennessee Initiative for Environmental Sensitivity in Construction (TIES). In May 1990, he produced a conference in Washington including speakers who were leaders in their respective parts of the construction industry, the environment and public policymakers.
Other activities.
Historic preservation.
Howell entered the field of Historic Preservation on a project at Travelers Rest in Nashville. Other restoration projects included the “Wynnewood” at Castalian Springs, the Silver Dollar Saloon in Nashville, and the Polk Home in Columbia, the Jackson Tomb at the Hermitage and at Historic Rugby. He worked as a pro bono consultant on the Customs House in Nashville, the Union Station in Nashville, the North Front Building at Belmont, among others.
Civic involvement.
In 1973 Howell joined the Nashville Rotary Club, subsequently serving on the board as an officer and active committee member. Also in the early 1970s, along with Bill Bradshaw, Howell helped form a new school—Franklin Road Academy, which serves kindergarten through 12th grade—standing as the Chairman of the founding board. 
He has served as the board chair or CEO of the following: The Cumberland Museums of Nashville, Historic Nashville, Inc., The Nashville, Thermal Transfer Corporation, The Salvation Army Advisory Board, Franklin Road Academy of Nashville, (Co-founder)The Tennessee Commercial Recycling Project, Opportunity House, Inc., The Tennessee Heritage Alliance. He also organized and directed a civic improvement endeavor for Nashville known as “Music City Proud.” He has also organized an annual “Descendants’ Day” in Nashville to encourage the community to remain mindful of the needs of future generations to a sound environment.
Significant honors.
His awards and recognitions include life membership in the Ladies Hermitage Association 1986, life membership in the Tennessee Recreation and Parks Association 1987, life membership in the Rugby Restoration Association 1972, Preservation Award for outstanding achievement from Historic Nashville, Inc. 1980 Award for Preservation of Mill Springs Mill from Corps of Engineers 1977, Award from the Tennessee Arts Commission for his advocacy for historic preservation 1977, Fisk University Exemplary Service Award 1984, Fellow Award from the National Association of State Outdoor Recreation Liaison Officers 1985, Appreciation Award from the National Rehabilitation Association 1985, award from the National Park Service for his work in advocating for improved management of public assets 1982, The Friend In Need Award from the Tennessee Environmental Council 1991 and the Public Service Award from the U. S. Department of the Interior 1983. December l2, 1984 was designated as Charles Howell III Day in Nashville, Tennessee by Mayor Richard Fulton, Historic Nashville, Inc.- For his work in saving The Customs House, North Front-Belmont University, The Ryman Auditorium, Union Station, Second Avenue Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="31016772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016772" title="A Doll Wife">
A Doll Wife

A Doll Wife () is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film was shown as part of the Silent Divas of the Italian Cinema programme at the 38th New York Film Festival in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31016790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016790" title="Boone County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Boone County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Boone County Courthouse, located in Boone, Iowa, United States, was built in 1917. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the third building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
The first county seat for Boone County was located in Boonesboro. The first building to properly be called a courthouse was constructed in 1856. It was a two-story building that cost the county $2,100 to construct. When it was decided to build a new courthouse the town of Montana desired that the new building be built there. After two votes Boonesboro retained the county seat and a three-story brick courthouse was completed in 1868 for $35,000. The town of Montana continued to grow and expand. It changed its name to Boone. It incorporated what had been Boonesboro in 1892. The present courthouse was completed in 1917 for $250,000. The Renaissance Revival building features marble walls and terrazzo floors.

</doc>
<doc id="31016800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016800" title="2011 The Summit League Men's Basketball Tournament">
2011 The Summit League Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2011 The Summit League Men's Basketball Tournament was the 2011 post-season tournament for The Summit League, an NCAA Division I athletic conference. It was won by regular season champion Oakland University. It took place March 5–8, 2011 at the Sioux Falls Arena in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Format.
Out of the league's 10 teams, the top eight received berths in the conference tournament. After the 18-game conference season, teams were seeded by conference record, with tiebreakers used if necessary in the following order:
Bracket.
All Times Central

</doc>
<doc id="31016805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016805" title="Benjamin Franklin Award (Bioinformatics)">
Benjamin Franklin Award (Bioinformatics)

The Benjamin Franklin Award is an award for Open Access in the Life Sciences presented by the Bioinformatics Organization

</doc>
<doc id="31016807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016807" title="Armed Response (film)">
Armed Response (film)

Armed Response (1986) is an action/crime movie, starring David Carradine and Lee Van Cleef and directed by Fred Olen Ray.
Plot.
One of the men of dangerous Tanaka has subtracted a statuette that he had planned to use as a peace offering between local Yakusa and the rival Chinese Tong. It hired two private investigators for the exchange of bailout money to restore the statue, but the business to recover the statue gets worse and Clay Roth is killed. This infuriates the Roth brothers and father, all combat veterans, and go in search of justice

</doc>
<doc id="31016821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016821" title="Ho Kham">
Ho Kham

Ho Kham may refer to two administrative units, covering the same area

</doc>
<doc id="31016827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016827" title="Arabian Basin">
Arabian Basin

The Arabian Basin is an oceanic basin located in the
southern part of the Arabian Sea between the Arabian Peninsula and India. It is centered at 10° N, 65° E. The basin depth ranges from 3,400 m in the north to 4,400 m in the south, with a maximum depth of 4,652 m. The floor is covered by sediments from the Indus submarine fan and is relatively smooth.
The southern enclosure of this basin is formed by the Central Indian Ridge, the Carlsberg Ridge and the Chagos-Laccadive Ridge. Bottom water enters the basin through the Owen Fracture Zone to the west. The Carlsberg Ridge, at a depth of 3,800 m, separates this basin from the Somali Basin to the southwest. The Arabian Basin is separated from the shallow Oman Basin by the Murray Ridge. Most of the northern and eastern limits are formed by the Laxmi Ridge and the Laccadive Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="31016837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016837" title="Viz Media Europe">
Viz Media Europe

VIZ Media Europe, S.A.R.L. is a European manga publisher and anime distributor headquartered in Paris, France. It is Viz Media's European sister company. It holds partnerships with TV channels, DVD distributors, and manga publishers. The company used to be headquartered in Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands. The company opened its Paris operations on January 15, 2007.
Subsidiaries.
Viz Media Europe has several subsidiaries:

</doc>
<doc id="31016893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016893" title="James Herbert (died 1677)">
James Herbert (died 1677)

James Herbert (c. 1623 – April 1677) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1677.
Herbert was the son of Philip Herbert, 4th Earl of Pembroke and his wife Susan de Vere, daughter of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford. He matriculated at Jesus College, Cambridge on 15 June 1638, aged 15. 
In May 1646, Herbert was elected Member of Parliament for Wiltshire in the Long Parliament. He sat until he was excluded under Pride's Purge in December 1648. He was awarded MA at Oxford on 12 April 1648. 
In 1659, Herbert was elected MP for Queenborough in the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Queenborough in 1660 for the Convention Parliament and in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament.
He sat until his death in April 1677.
Herbert owned Tythrop House, Kingsey, Buckinghamshire He died at the age of 54. 
Herbert married Jane Spiller daughter of Sir Robert Spiller of Laleham, Middlesex in 1645, when his father settled the manor of Milton Kent on him. His son James succeeded him His daughter Jane married Sir Walter Clarges, 1st Bt. and had issue.

</doc>
<doc id="31016918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016918" title="Postage stamps and postal history of Sint Maarten">
Postage stamps and postal history of Sint Maarten

Sint Maarten, a country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands started issuing postal stamps after the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles on 10 October 2010. The Island forms one of the five postage regions in the Kingdom. The first stamp issued shows the map of the island Saint Martin. 
The value of the current stamp is denominated in Netherlands Antillean guilders. 

</doc>
<doc id="31016936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016936" title="Catherine, Colorado">
Catherine, Colorado

Catherine is a census-designated place (CDP) in Garfield County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 228.

</doc>
<doc id="31016939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016939" title="Cattle Creek, Colorado">
Cattle Creek, Colorado

Cattle Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in Garfield County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 641.

</doc>
<doc id="31016943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016943" title="Chacra, Colorado">
Chacra, Colorado

Chacra is a census-designated place (CDP) in Garfield County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 329.

</doc>
<doc id="31016951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31016951" title="Mulford, Colorado">
Mulford, Colorado

Mulford is a census-designated place (CDP) in Garfield County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 174.

</doc>
<doc id="31017001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017001" title="Spark (U.S. organization)">
Spark (U.S. organization)

The Spark group is a US Trotskyist organization. It aligns internationally with the Lutte Ouvrière tendency.
Spark originated as a faction within the Spartacist League that was attracted to the French group Voix Ouvrière's method of propagandizing in the factories. They allied temselves with the Turnerites against the leadership, but left independently before the League expelled the Turnerites late in 1968. This tendency formally organized as "Spark" in 1971, with two locals in Detroit and Baltimore.
The organization began a monthly magazine "The Spark" in July 1971, which became a biweekly in early 1976. It also produced a variety of newsletters based at local factories, such as the "Ford Spark", "Eldon Spark" etc. Another magazine, "Class Struggle", began in 1980.
The movement was wary of becoming too enmeshed in "petty bourgeoisie" movements - members wished to firmly base themselves in the proletariat. But neither did they completely eschew work in such movements. For instance, referring to the anti-nuclear movement of the late 1970s and early 1980s, they proclaimed "They should participate in its activities when such participation does not detract from their basic activity in the working class. But we must be clear that the building of a revolutionary organization rooted in the working class comes before participation in any petty bourgeoisie movement".
In mid-1982 Spark had locals in Baltimore, Detroit, Chicago and New York.

</doc>
<doc id="31017002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017002" title="2011 Challenger DCNS de Cherbourg – Singles">
2011 Challenger DCNS de Cherbourg – Singles

Nicolas Mahut was the defending champion and 2nd seed. He reached the final, but lost to 1st seed Grigor Dimitrov 2–6, 6–7(4).

</doc>
<doc id="31017017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017017" title="G. Topham Forrest">
G. Topham Forrest

George Topham Forrest, F.R.I.B.A., (born 1872, died 31 March 1945, Port Appin, Scotland) was a Scottish architect who became chief architect for the London County Council and was responsible for the design of many public housing estates, and also co-designed two bridges over the River Thames.
Early life and training.
Forrest attended Aberdeen Grammar School. He apprenticed with the architecture firm of Brown and Watt from 1890 to 1894 and also took classes at Robert Gordon's College. He then moved to London and worked as an improver for John Macvicar Anderson while taking classes at King's College and attending the Architectural Association studios.
Local government career.
From 1898 to 1899 he was chief assistant in the Leeds City Engineer's Office, primarily working on overseeing improvements in working-class housing. From 1899 to 1905 he was principal assistant in the West Riding County Architect's Department, Yorkshire; at first he worked on asylums, but in 1903 he was put in charge of all county education design. In 1905 he became the county Education Architect for Northumberland and in 1914 Essex County Architect.
In 1919 he became architect to the London County Council and held that post until his retirement in 1935. His work there included the British Postgraduate Medical School building in Hammersmith, many schools and hospitals, and the architecture of Lambeth Bridge (with Reginald Blomfield) and Chelsea Bridge. Pevsner called the Chelsea Bridge design "concise and functional".
His time at the LCC coincided with most of the great interwar period of construction of council houses and flats: approximately 61,000 units by the outbreak of World War II. In particular, he was in charge of the development of the Becontree estate, which had 26,000 units by itself; he was recruited from Essex specifically to plan it.
Forrest oversaw the design, layout and construction of the council dwellings, so those built during his tenure reflect his preference for plain neo-Georgian architecture, with houses having square-paned sash windows, unadorned brick facades, and plain front doors with small canopies above. This is seen clearly at the largest LCC housing estate, Becontree, where most of the homes are 2-storey cottages in short terraces and despite varied groupings and one of the first uses of cul-de-sacs, which the planners called 'banjos' after their shape, there is an overall impression of uniformity. However, on the LCC's most important non-suburban estate built during this period, Ossulston Estate in Camden Town, he was influenced by Modernist workers' housing he had seen in Vienna. Also, under the influence of the Garden city movement, he had the buildings on LCC estates laid out informally and grouped at road junctions and around small greens. For example, at the Tottenham estate known as Tower Gardens or White Hart Lane, the pre-World War I southern portion designed by W.E. Riley has 2-storey terraced houses on a grid, whilst in the northern section built under Forrest after the war, the housing is less dense and is grouped around an axis where tennis courts and a community club were provided; there were also originally 4 allotments. At the St Helier Estate, he retained trees and hedgerows where possible and had shrubberies and greens planted, and the housing is deliberately varied in appearance. Even at the high-density Ossulston estate, the flats are grouped around courtyards and greens accessed through archways.
Forrest became a Licentiate of the Royal Institute of British Architects on 27 February 1911 and was elected a Fellow in early 1919.
Selected publications.
Forrest wrote several journal articles and papers for professional societies on designing for county councils, particularly on the design of schools, in addition to reports to the LCC. He co-edited and contributed to several volumes in the Survey of London and designed a reconstruction of the Globe Theatre as an appendix to an LCC publication on it.

</doc>
<doc id="31017031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017031" title="Chris Sullivan (actor)">
Chris Sullivan (actor)

Chris Sullivan is an American actor, vocal percussionist, and a regular cast member of the American public television show for children "The Electric Company" as Shock.
On "The Electric Company", Sullivan played Shock, one of the main performers. His work on the show includes beatboxing. Sullivan was also a producer of the show. 
Sullivan was a communications major at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He was also an AmeriCorps volunteer in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="31017069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017069" title="Maurice Heath">
Maurice Heath

Air Marshal Sir Maurice Lionel Heath KBE CB CVO DL (12 August 1909 – 9 July 1998) was a senior Royal Air Force officer who became Commander of British Forces Arabian Peninsula.
RAF career.
Educated at Sutton Valence School in Kent, Heath joined the Royal Air Force as a cadet in 1927. He served in World War II on the staff at the Deputy Directorate of Armament Training before becoming Station Commander at RAF Metheringham. He became Officer Commanding the Central Gunnery School in 1948, Officer Commanding the Bomber Command Bombing School in 1952 and Deputy Air Secretary in 1954. He was appointed Commander of British Forces Arabian Peninsula in 1957 before moving on to be Commandant at the RAF Staff College, Bracknell in 1959 and Chief of Staff at Headquarters Allied Air Forces Central Europe in 1962 before retiring in 1965.
In retirement he became a working director of a London firm of estate agents as well as Deputy Lieutenant of West Sussex.
Family.
He married Kathleen Mary Gibson in 1938; they had one son and one daughter. Following the death of his first wife he married Lisa Cooke in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="31017072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017072" title="Louis E. Crandall">
Louis E. Crandall

Louis Eugene Crandall (born July 27, 1929) is an American printer and entrepreneur. He is founder of both Legend City and the Crandall Historical Printing Museum, and he currently serves as president and CEO of the latter.
Biography.
Crandall was born July 27, 1929, in Mesa, Arizona, to Louis Packer Crandall and Louise Marie Crismon. He obtained his undergraduate degree from Arizona State University, and in 1963 at age 28, he founded Legend City, an amusement park in Phoenix. The park struggled financially and Crandall was forced out of management before the park's closing in 1983.
Crandall went on to create the Crandall Historical Printing Museum, which tells the history of printing, especially with regards to the printing of the Bible, the United States Declaration of Independence, and the Book of Mormon.

</doc>
<doc id="31017112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017112" title="List of Lithuanian composers">
List of Lithuanian composers

The following is a partial list of Lithuanian composers.

</doc>
<doc id="31017127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017127" title="Umuganda Stadium">
Umuganda Stadium

Umuganda Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gisenyi, Rwanda. It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Etincelles FC of the Rwandan Premier League. The stadium has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="31017134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017134" title="Southern Ute, Colorado">
Southern Ute, Colorado

Southern Ute is a census-designated place (CDP) in La Plata County, Colorado, United States. The population as of the 2010 Census was 177.

</doc>
<doc id="31017138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017138" title="Hoshi no Furumachi">
Hoshi no Furumachi

Live Action film.
It was adapted into a live-action film in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31017153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017153" title="Shot of the Week Award">
Shot of the Week Award

The Shot of the Week Award is an award given to the curler with the most outstanding shot at one of two events:

</doc>
<doc id="31017162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017162" title="Garrod's pad">
Garrod's pad

Garrod's pads (also known as "violinist's pads") are a cutaneous condition characterized by calluses on the dorsal aspect of the interphalangeal joints, i.e. the back side of the finger joints. They are often seen in violin, viola, and cello players, along with fiddler's neck and other dermatologic conditions peculiar to string musicians. Although Garrod’s pads are conventionally described as appearing on the proximal interphalangeal joint, Rimmer & Spielvogel document an instance on the distal interphalangeal joint of a cellist.
Garrod's pads are named after Archibald Garrod who first documented them in 1904 in association with Dupuytren's contracture. H.A. Bird described them as an incidental finding in a professional violinist and proposed that they arise in such cases due to repeated extreme tension of the extensor tendons over the interphalangeal joints. Bird noted that violin players use the left hand for a markedly different task than the right hand, with the extensor tendons in the left hand subjected to considerable tension, and that Garrod’s pads only arise on the left hand in such cases. This unilateral finding differentiates the occupational hazard of Garrod’s pads from more significant disorders. Among violinists and violists, Garrod’s pads apparently arise as a protective mechanism for the skin and subcutaneous tissues above the tendons; Bird notes that they do not protect against external trauma unlike most calluses.
Patients with Dupuytren's contracture are four times more likely to have coexisting Garrod's pads.

</doc>
<doc id="31017171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017171" title="Picchi">
Picchi

Picchi (meaning "peaks" or "woodpecker") is an Italian surname:

</doc>
<doc id="31017175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017175" title="Calhoun County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Calhoun County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Calhoun County Courthouse, located in Rockwell City, Iowa, United States, was built in 1914. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.

</doc>
<doc id="31017182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017182" title="Picchio">
Picchio

Picchio ("woodpecker" in Italian) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31017191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017191" title="2008–09 Atlético Madrid season">
2008–09 Atlético Madrid season

The 2008–09 season saw Atlético Madrid return to the UEFA Champions League after an eleven-year absence. The team marked the return with an impressive group stage performance, only denied winning the group by a late penalty for Liverpool at Anfield. In the round of 16, Atlético went out on away goals to Porto, being denied entry to the last eight.
In the league, Atlético repeated the 4th place of 2007–08, improving on the previous season by three points. Uruguayan striker Diego Forlán had a tremendous season, scoring 32 league goals, the highest amount of La Liga goals for a single player in a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="31017197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017197" title="Gastrocutaneous syndrome">
Gastrocutaneous syndrome

Gastrocutaneous syndrome is a rare autosomal dominant cutaneous condition characterized by multiple lentigines.

</doc>
<doc id="31017206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017206" title="Tim Hortons Brier Shot of the Week Award">
Tim Hortons Brier Shot of the Week Award

The Shot of the Week Award at the annual Tim Hortons Brier is presented to the individual curler who executes the most outstanding shot during the tournament. The award has been presented since 1997. The inaugural winner was Kevin Martin of Alberta. The current holder of the award is Brad Gushue.

</doc>
<doc id="31017209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017209" title="School-Centred Initial Teacher Training">
School-Centred Initial Teacher Training

The School-Centred Initial Teacher Training (SCITT) programme is teacher-training course in England.
The SCITT enables graduates to undertake their training within a school environment, leading to Qualified Teacher Status. Some SCITT programmes also award a Postgraduate Certificate in Education (PGCE) qualification.
The programmes cover primary, middle and secondary age ranges and candidates work in a consortium of schools within a designated region.
The entrance requirements and funding availability is the same as for PGCE courses and applications are also made through the GTTR.

</doc>
<doc id="31017238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017238" title="Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844">
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844

Soren Kierkegaard wrote the Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses during the years of 1843-1844. These discourses were translated from Danish to English in the 1940s, and from Danish to German in the 1950s, and then to English again in 1990. These Discourses were published along with Kierkegaard's pseudonymous works.
Scholars generally say that "Kierkegaard's books were of two kinds. There was a series of books ascribed to pseudonyms, which Kierkegaard described as "aesthetic" in character. In Either/Or, Fear and Trembling, and Repetition (Kierkegaard), Kierkegaard explores the nature of human passions in a variety of forms, often presenting his own experiences in a poetically disguised narrative". The pseudonymous books as well as his discourses are understood to be directed to the love of his life, Regine Olsen. "He hoped to reveal himself at last to Regine in this "indirect" manner. At the same time that these aesthetic writings were being published, Kierkegaard wrote a series of edifying, sermon like essays, although he was careful to insist that they were not sermons, in part because he had not been ordained and therefore lacked "authority." Through these he communicated his underlying religious commitments in a more "direct" fashion. Kierkegaard continued to write these "edifying discourses" throughout his life, but as he grew older they focused on more distinctively Christian themes and took on a decidedly sharper tone."
Kierkegaard says individuals are "squeezed into the forms of actuality" but that they have a choice as to what form they will put on. He says "the transition made in "Either/Or" is substantially that from a poet-existence to an ethical existence.
He "held out Either/Or to the world in his left hand, and in his right he held the Two Edifying Discourses; but all, or as good as all, grasped with their right what he held in his left hand. Kierkegaard wrote in 1848, “I had made up my mind before God what I should do: I staked my case on the Two Edifying Discourses; but I understood perfectly that only very few understood them. And here for the first time comes in the category ‘that individual' who with joy and gratitude I call "my reader".’ A stereo typed formula which was repeated in the Preface to every collection of Edifying Discourses. Now he holds out these two discourses of 1844 with his right hand and hopes for better results. He says in his dedication to "that single individual', Although this little book (which is called “discourses’, not sermons, because its author does not have authority to preach; “upbuilding discourses,” not discourses for upbuilding, because the speaker by no means claims to be a teacher) has left out something, it nevertheless has forgotten nothing; although it is not without hope in the world, it nevertheless totally renounces all hope in the uncertain or of the uncertain. Tempted, perhaps, as the earlier ones were not, it takes no delight in “going to the house of feasting,” desires as little as they “that its visit might be in vain” (I Thessalonians 2:1); even though a person was not without education insofar as he learned from what he suffered, it still would never be very pleasant if he needed to suffer much in order to learn little. Its desire is to give thanks if on the word of authority it were to win the tacit permission of the multitude to dare to go its way unnoticed in order to find what it seeks: that single individual whom I with joy and gratitude call my reader, who with the right hand accepts what is offered with the right hand; that single individual who at the opportune time takes out what he received and hides what he took out until he takes it out again and thus by his good will, his wisdom, invests the humble gift to the benefit and joy of one who continually desires only to be as one absent on a journey. S.K. "Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses", Hong Preface p. 179
How can we learn from what we suffer? Kierkegaard said, "it is Governance that has educated me." This would mean Divine Governance since he capitalized the word. His works lead a person from being governed by everything that happens to him to one who can choose how he is going to govern himself. Kierkegaard wrote in Works of Love "You have to do only with what you do unto others, or how you take what others do unto you. The direction is inward; essentially you have to do only with yourself before God. This world of inwardness, this rendition of what other people call actuality, this is actuality. The Christian like for like belongs to this world of inwardness." We can learn through the application of patience.
Every individual is equal because every individual has a choice, an eternal soul, expectations of faith and love and patience. All of these inner goods are "good and perfect gifts from God". And the knowledge that you need God is the all important gift from God according to Kierkegaard. These two discourses deal with patience. Kierkegaard says each person must be involved in forming his own personality. The individual must be patient in her expectations.
__TOC__
Structure.
These two discourses are the only discourses of his eighteen discourses that lacks a dedication to his father. Perhaps it was dedicated to his mother Ane since it deals with keeping expectation alive even when suffering loss and Ane lost five of her seven children.
Luke 2:33-40 "And his father and his mother marveled at what was said about him; and Simeon blessed them and said to Mary his mother, "Behold, this child is set for the fall and rising of many in Israel, and for a sign that is spoken against (and a sword will pierce through your own soul also), that thoughts out of many hearts may be revealed." And there was a prophetess, Anna, the daughter of Phan'u-el, of the tribe of Asher; she was of a great age, having lived with her husband seven years from her virginity, and as a widow till she was eighty-four."Would you rather," She did not depart from the temple, worshiping with fasting and prayer night and day. And coming up at that very hour she gave thanks to God, and spoke of him to all who were looking for the redemption of Jerusalem. And when they had performed everything according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city, Nazareth. And the child grew and became strong, filled with wisdom; and the favor of God was upon him." "The Bible" (RSV)
His Two Upbuilding Discourses of 1844:
To Preserve One’s Soul In Patience.
Kierkegaard stressed the value of patience in expectancy when facing life situations in these two short essays.
He says to the single individual, "You may have heard how someone who had thoughtlessly frittered away his life and never understood anything but wasted the power of his soul in vanities, how he lay on his sick bed and the frightfulness of disease encompassed him and the singularly fearful battle began, how he then for the first time in his life understood something, understood that it was death he struggled with, and how he then pulled himself together in a purpose that was powerful enough to move the world, how he attained marvelous collectedness for wrenching himself out of the sufferings in order to use the last moment to catch up on some of what he had neglected, to bring order to some of the chaos he had caused during a long life, to contrive something for those he would leave behind. You may have heard it from those who were there with him, who with sadness, but also deeply moved, had to confess that in those few hours he had lived more than in all the rest of his life, more than is lived in years and days as people ordinarily live."
He provides examples of how different people react to danger and anxiety. He regards the single individual very highly and says, "Let us praise what is truly praiseworthy, the glory of human nature; let us give thanks that it was granted also to us to be human beings."
Kierkegaard provides three examples of people reacting to anxiety and despair, all of them as praiseworthy as the physical endurance to defeat an external enemy. Both have been important factors since the publication of Either/Or. he writes,
One person "surveyed everything and the horrifying situation, how quickly presence of mind assuredly chose the right thing as if it were the fruit of the most mature reflection, how the will, even the eyes, defied the threatening terrors, how the body did not even feel the exertion, the agonizing suffering, how the arms lightly carried the burden that far exceeded human strength, how the feet stood firm where others did not dare to look down because they saw the abyss!"
While another "person discovered a danger while all speak of peace and security, if he discerned the horror and after having used the healthiest power of his soul to make himself fully aware of it, again with the horror before his eyes, now developed and preserved the same strength of soul as the one who fought in peril of his life, the same inwardness as the one who fought with death-yes, then we shall praise him."
Another "with troubled imagination conjured up anxieties he was unable to surmount, while he still could not leave off staring at them, evoking them ever more alarmingly, pondering them ever more fearfully, then we shall not praise him, even though we praise the wonderful glory of human nature. But if he brought out the horror and detected the mortal danger, without any thought of providing people, by pointless talk, with subject matter for pointless pondering, but grasped that the danger had to do with himself-if, then, with this in mind, he won the strength of soul that horror gives, this would in truth be praiseworthy, would in truth be wondrously wonderful."
This act of self-discovery is the essence of what Kierkegaard wrote about. He says, "People are prone to pay attention to earthly dangers but these are external dangers. Kierkegaard says, we need to preserve something internal; our souls." He explains himself, Just as there is only one means for preserving it, so is this means necessary even in order to understand that it must be preserved, and if this were not the case, the means would not be the only means. This means is patience. A person does not first gain his soul and then have the need for patience to preserve it, but he gains it in no other way than by preserving it, and therefore patience is the first and patience is the last, precisely because patience is just as active as it is passive and just as passive as it is active. "Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses", Hong p. 187
There are two paths people take in life. The path of patience or the path of impatience. Kierkegaard puts it so well, 
Does not patience perceive that the greatest danger is that the elucidating understanding’s fears prove not to be the case, for then not even patience could comfort anymore? Now it can, if only the sick one so desires, since the danger is whether the sick one is to be allowed to emancipate himself from the eternal, to wither away in commonsensicality, to expire in callousness, to be desouled in spiritlessness. And against this danger there is still a resource. He who, believing, continues to aspire to the eternal never becomes satiated in such a way that he does not continue blessedly to hunger; he who hopefully looks to the future can never be petrified at some moment by the past, because he always turns his back to it; he who loves God and human beings still continually has enough to do, even when need is the greatest and despair is most imminent. Before he lies down to die, he asks once again: Do I love God just as much as before, and do I love the common concerns of human beings? If he dares to answer in the affirmative, then he does not die or he dies saved; if he dare not, then he certainly has enough to do. Then in love and for the sake of his love he must deliberate whether it is not possible to see, to glimpse, to presage the joy and comfort that still must hide in the sadness, since this must still truly serve him for good. "Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses" p. 198-199
Patience In Expectation.
Kierkegaard's intention in the preceding discourse was to speak as if patience were outside a person. He says, "we are well aware that this is not so. And nevertheless I ask you, you who know better how to praise it than I, know better how to accomplish the good, how to commend it to people, since you have known it better, more inwardly and for a longer time-was it nevertheless not so at times, when concern and your laboring thoughts piled up deliberations that were of no benefit except to give birth to new deliberations, that then the plain, simple, but nevertheless forgotten words of patience prodded you from another direction, was it not as if patience stool on the outside? We have made it appear as if patience were outside, and we have let it speak, as it were, for itself."
Now he brings out a real person, just as he did in "Either/Or" (A and B), in "Fear and Trembling" (Abraham), and in "Repetition" (the Young Man and Constantin Constanius). He brings out Anna and focuses primarily on her and her expectancy. What he drives home is that God is the constant that remains the same, whereas everything else changes. What he exhorts us to is to love God in such a way that our nature might be like his, that we might gain God in constancy and rescue our soul in patience.
What is it about expectancy that it either blesses or curses the single individual? Kierkegaard says, "How often it is said that no one is to be considered happy until he is dead, but how seldom is a troubled person heard to say that one should not give up as long as one is living, that there is hope as long as there is life-and consequently there is always hope for the immortal who expect an eternity." His advice to the person who believes that their past life has destroyed all expectancy is to: “Forget the past once again, quit all this calculating in which you trap yourself, do not stop the prompting of your heart, do not extinguish the spirit in useless quarreling about who waited the longest and suffered the most-once again cast all your sorrow upon the Lord and throw yourself upon his love. Up out of this sea, expectancy rises reborn again and sees heaven open-reborn, no newborn, for this heavenly expectancy begins precisely when the earthly expectancy sinks down powerless and in despair.”
But the expectant person should always remember that "every time he catches his soul not expecting victory, he knows he does not have faith." Anna had a choice, the same as everyone has, and used it. Kierkegaard says, 
Criticism.
These upbuilding discourses were translated edifying discourses by David F. Swenson when he translated them in the mid-1940s. He wrote the following in his preface to this discourse. "The discourses appearing in the present volume constitute the fourth and fifth groups in the series of eighteen devotional addresses, and both groups were published in 1844. It may be of some interest to consider more particularly than has hitherto been done, the plan and purpose of these productions, paralleling as they do in time of publication the publication of the esthetic works. Unlike the latter, these addresses were published under Kierkegaard's own name, because as religious works he assumed personal responsibility for the views expressed, since their purpose was to indicate that from the beginning his writing had a religious motivation and plan, of which the esthetic works were also a part."
Swenson is echoing Kierkegaard's own thoughts here. He wrote the following in "Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments", That "Either/Or" ends precisely with the upbuilding truth (yet without so much as italicizing the words, to say nothing of didacticizing) was remarkable to me. I could wish to see it emphasized more definitely in order that each particular point on the way to existing Christian-religiously could become clear. The Christian truth as inwardness is also upbuilding, but this by no means implies that every upbuilding truth is Christian; the upbuilding is a wider category. I now concentrated again on this point, but what happened? Just as I intended to begin, "Two Upbuilding Discourses" by Magister Kierkegaard, 1843, was published. Then came three upbuilding discourses, and the preface repeated that they were not sermons, which I, if no one else, would indeed have unconditionally protested against, since they use only ethical categories of immanence, not the doubly reflected religious categories in the paradox. If a confusion of language is to be averted, the sermon must be reserved for religious-Christian existence. p. 256
And again in "The Point of View of My Work as an Author",“The first group of writings represents aesthetic productivity, the last group is exclusively religious: between them, as the turning-point, lies, the Concluding Postscript. This work concerns itself with and sets ‘the Problem’, which is the problem of the whole authorship, how to become a Christian. So it takes cognizance of the pseudonymous work, and of the eighteen edifying discourses as well, showing that all of this serves to illuminate the Problem-without, however, affirming that this was the aim of the foregoing production, which indeed could not have been affirmed by a pseudonym, a third person, incapable of knowing anything about the aim of a work that was not his own. "The Concluding Postscript" is not an aesthetic work, but neither is it in the strictest sense religious. Hence it is by a pseudonym, though I add my name as editor-a thing I did not do in the case of any purely aesthetic work.” p. 13
David Jay Gouwen, Professor of Theology at Brite Divinity School, reminds the reader that Kierkegaard was always more interested in the "how" than in the "why". He says, Because the “how” is central to Kierkegaard, we must attend closely not only to the pseudonymous literature that has received the bulk of scholarly attention, but also to the series of upbuilding and edifying discourses published currently with the pseudonymous literature, and to what Robert L. Perkins has helpfully termed Kierkegaard’s “second authorship,” the straightforward religious literature published (with some exceptions) under Kierkegaard’s own name after "Concluding Unscientific Postscript" (1846). It was the edifying discourses in his right hand and his pseudonymous writing in his left, and the public accepted with its right hand the pseudonymous literature in his left, and in its left hand the edifying discourses literature in his right. Although there have been a number of fine studies in recent years that attend to the second literature, there is room for further reflection on the inner logic and character of the upbuilding and “second literature.” This study is an attempt to contribute to that reflection. What lies behind this is a conviction that finally, the "audience" Kierkegaard’s literature addresses consist of not simply, or even first of all, philosophers or literati (whether of 19th-century Denmark or today) but persons attempting to be human beings and, perhaps Christians. "Kierkegaard as religious thinker", By David Jay Gouwen, p. 13
Mankind has many different conceptions of what the soul is but one thing they all agree on is that every single individual has a soul and Kierkegaard's view of the matter is that since everyone has a soul all are equal. Is the Russian soul different from the Greek soul or from Hegel's soul or W. E. B. Du Bois's or is the soul equivalent to the mind or to the world?
Everyone wants to think about it but Keirkegaard wanted to act on a presupposition that there is a soul living inside himself and his job was to preserve it. He says, Impatience is an evil spirit that can be expelled only by prayer and much fasting. … the hunger of impatience is not easy to satisfy-how, then, through fasting? The demands of impatience certainly use many words and long speeches, but in prayer it is very sparing with words. Temporal patience has provisions on hand for a long time, doggedly perseveres, seldom rests, never prays, but Anna continued night and day. Even though impatience says that it is no art to pray-oh, just to collect one’s mind in prayer at a specific time and to pray inwardly, even though for only a moment, is more difficult than to occupy a city, to say nothing of persevering night and day and persevering in prayer in inwardness of heart and the presence of mind and the quietness of thought and the sanction of the whole soul, without being scattered, without being disturbed, without repenting one’s devotion, without anguishing about its being a prinked-up deception, without becoming sick of all one’s praying-but Anna, serving the Lord with prayer and fasting night and day, did not leave the temple. Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses p. 223
Kierkegaard wrote the following in an earlier discourse, 
He explained the problem people have in loving human beings in his Journals, 
In Either/Or he says, 
Howard V. Hong says in the introduction to his translation of the discourses, "According to the usual ways of reckoning the impact of a book-reviews and sales-the six small volumes of upbuilding discourses were scarcely a smashing success. ... The sales of the six volumes matched the paucity and brevity of the reviews of the discourses. ... when ran out of the first two discourses, he bound the sixteen discourses in a volume under the common title "Sexten opyggelige Taler" ("Sixteen Upbuilding Discourses"). ... 78 copies of the two discourses (1843 and 61 copies of the three discourses (1843) were remaindered, a copy of "Sexten opyggelige Taler" must be the rarest Kierkegaard book in existence. ... they and later discourses were obliged to wait a hundred years for the acclaim given to them by Martin Heidegger.
Swenson wrote in 1941, "While Kierkegaard has long been recognized in continental Europe as one of the world's foremost thinkers, it is only recently that he is coming to be known by the English-reading public. His first work to be translated into English, the Philosophical Fragments, appeared only five years ago. Since then some eight or ten of his more important books have been published in English, with a prospect for more in the future. As a result of this tardy recognition, English interpretations of Kierkegaard's thought and commentaries concerning it, have been practically non-existent, a condition which is bound to alter rapidly as he becomes better known, since his ideas are not only thought-provoking but frequently controversial in content.

</doc>
<doc id="31017287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017287" title="Exanthematic pustular psoriasis">
Exanthematic pustular psoriasis

Exanthematic pustular psoriasis is a cutaneous condition characterized by an acute eruption of small pustules, abruptly appearing and disappearing in a few days. It usually follows an infection or may occur as a result of administration of specific medications.

</doc>
<doc id="31017314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017314" title="Vogelweide">
Vogelweide

Vogelweide may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31017328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017328" title="Constitutional Carry">
Constitutional Carry

In the United States, Constitutional Carry is a situation within a jurisdiction in which the carrying of firearms, concealed or not, is generally not restricted by the law. When a state or other jurisdiction has adopted Constitutional Carry, it is legal for law-abiding citizens to carry a handgun, firearm, or other weapon concealed with or without an applicable permit or license. The scope and applicability of such laws or proposed legislation can vary from state to state.
The phrase "Constitutional Carry" reflects the view that the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution permits no restrictions or other regulations on gun ownership, although District of Columbia v. Heller, decided by the Supreme Court of the United States in 2008, suggests that some state or local controls may be allowed, at least as to certain types of weapons.
U.S. States that have implemented Constitutional Carry.
Alaska.
On June 11, 2003, Alaska Governor Frank Murkowski signed House Bill 102 which removed the requirement to obtain a concealed weapons permit in order to carry a concealed firearm. The law went into effect September 9, 2003.
Arizona.
On April 16, 2010, Arizona Governor Jan Brewer signed Senate Bill 1108 which acted similarly to Alaska's bill. The law went into effect July 29, 2010.
Arkansas.
On April 4, 2013 Arkansas Governor Mike Beebe signed legislation to allow Constitutional Carry. The law decriminalizes the carry of handguns for self-defense purposes, and puts the burden upon a prosecutor to prove criminal intent of a person carrying a handgun. Also, there are no specifications whether a legally carried handgun should be carried openly or concealed; thus it is considered Constitutional Carry. This law will went into effect in August 2013. Attorney General Dustin McDaniel has issued an opinion on Act 746 of 2013 stating that the newly defined "journey" term does not, authorize constitutional carry in Arkansas, but admits that the change in the mens rea of the offense for "carrying a weapon" is up for debate, but is outside of the scope of the question presented for this particular opinion. The previous law made carrying a weapon with the purpose to use it against another person a crime. The new law changed the mens rea to carrying a weapon with the purpose to attempt to unlawfully use the weapon against another person. See Opinion No. 2013-047, footnote 7 dated July 8, 2013 or visit his Web site at http://arkansasag.gov/opinions/index.php.
Vermont.
For many decades, the only state to allow "Constitutional Carry" of a handgun (i.e. without any government permit) was Vermont. From the formation of the 13 original states, "constitutional carry" was the law in all states until the 1800s. By the 20th century, all states except Vermont had enacted concealed carry bans, with the exemption in most states for those citizens with a permit. Due to its tightly worded state constitution, Vermont has never been able to have a restriction on the method of how one could carry a firearm, and thus, in this regard, Vermont stood entirely separate from the rest of the United States for quite some time. Because of this, Constitutional Carry is still often referred to as "Vermont carry".
Wyoming (for residents).
On March 2, 2011 Wyoming Governor Matt Mead signed legislation to allow Constitutional Carry. The law officially went into effect on July 1, 2011. Under the law residents can carry concealed or openly without a permit but visitors to the state must either have a valid concealed carry permit from a jurisdiction that is recognized by the State of Wyoming or carry the weapon openly.
While Wyoming does have the resident limitation it is similar to Vermont in that the police may not disarm a citizen just because they "feel" it's necessary.
Oklahoma (residents of constitutional carry states).
In the state of Oklahoma, any person who is a legal resident of a state that allows concealed carry without a permit may also carry concealed in Oklahoma without a permit, so long as they possess a photo ID showing they are a legal resident of that other state and also meet the legal requirements for permitless carry in that other state.
U.S. States that do not require a license to carry but have limitations for unlicensed open and/or concealed carry.
Idaho.
Idaho introduced a bill early in 2011 to allow constitutional carry. Currently Idaho issues CCWs on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal without a permit.
Idaho allows Constitutional Carry within a person's place of abode, fixed place of business, or on property which a person has ownership or leasehold interest. Additionally, a person may carry a concealed weapon without a license when outside of city limits and when not in a vehicle. A firearm may be legally concealed when in a vehicle, either inside or outside city limits, as long as the firearm is disassembled or unloaded.
Montana.
Montana introduced a bill early in 2011 to allow constitutional carry. The bill passed the House with a vote of 55-45, and passed the Senate with a vote of 29-21. Montana HB 271 was vetoed by Governor Brian Schweitzer on May 10, 2011 and was unable to gather the necessary 2/3 majority to overturn the veto. Montana is currently a shall-issue state for concealed weapon permits and open carry is legal without a permit.
In addition to Montana's concealed weapons permit system, state law allows for Constitutional Carry through an exemption to the ban on carrying concealed weapons outside the official boundaries of a city or town. In 2011 Montana HB 271 was vetoed by Governor Brian Schweitzer (D) which would have expanded it to all areas of the state.
New Hampshire.
Two competing bills were introduced in New Hampshire in 2011 that would have implemented Constitutional Carry. On March 15, 2011, the House passed HB330, but the bill died in the senate. On January 5, 2012, the New Hampshire house moved forward with an amended version of HF 536 as well. Governor John Lynch was opposed to the bill, and the bill eventually died in the Senate.
Open carry is legal without a license in New Hampshire, and the state currently issues concealed carry "pistol & revolver" licenses on a shall-issue basis. However, carrying a concealed handgun "unloaded" is legal without a license. A New Hampshire Supreme Court decision in 2013 clarified that the current law does not prohibit carrying a concealed handgun if it is unloaded and no round is chambered, even if a loaded magazine is nearby.
New Mexico.
Under New Mexico law a concealed handgun license is required for concealed carry when the weapon is both loaded and concealed and the individual carrying is on foot. It is perfectly legal to carry ammunition as well as a loaded magazine so long as it is not inserted into the weapon. Additionally, it is legal for an individual to carry a loaded firearm in a concealed manner without a concealed carry permit while traveling in a vehicle, to include motorcycles, bicycles and while riding a horse. This method of concealed carry has additional restrictions not found in permitted carry such as all the same restrictions that apply to open carry.
Other U.S. States In Which Legislation for Constitutional Carry Has Been Introduced.
Colorado.
Legislation was introduced in Colorado to allow Constitutional Carry in early 2011. The bill passed the House with a vote of 40-25 but did not move in the Senate. Currently Colorado issues CCWs on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal without a permit. The Colorado Legislature begins its 2012 session on January 11.
Georgia.
Legislation was introduced in Georgia to allow Constitutional Carry. Currently Georgia issues weapons carry license on a shall-issue basis and open or concealed carry is only legal with a license.
Iowa.
Both a bill and a constititional amendment were introduced in Iowa to allow constitutional carry. Currently Iowa issues concealed-carry weapons permits on a shall-issue basis. Open carry is legal with a permit in cities, outside of cities no permit is required.
Kentucky.
Kentucky representative Mike Harmon KY Politician introduced a bill to allow Constitutional Carry early in 2011; that bill failed to get out of committee. In early 2012 Rep. Harmon introduced a similar, but more comprehensive bill with several cosponsors.
Kentucky currently issues concealed carry weapons permits on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal without a permit.
Louisiana.
In 2012 both houses of the Louisiana legislature passed a constitutional amendment that would limit the government's capacity to regulate firearms. On November 6, 2012 Louisiana adopted the Amendment. Act 874 (SB 303) with 73.46% supporting the measure (1,333,276 votes yes, 481,703 voted no). The new law takes effect in January.
Louisiana Revised Statutes section 14:95(A)(1), prohibiting the intentional concealment of a weapon on one’s person, withstood review by the Louisiana Supreme Court in "State of Louisiana ex rel. J.M." Concealed carry can still be restricted only to permit holders in Louisiana.
Nevada.
In early 2011 Nevada senators James Settelmeyer and John Lee introduced Senate Bill 126 which would allow non-weapon specific concealed carry licensing. Nevada is currently a shall-issue state for concealed carry weapons permits and open carry is lawful without a permit.
North Carolina.
Legislation was introduced in North Carolina to allow Constitutional Carry on March 25, 2013. The Enabling Heros Act of 2013 was introduced by Jeff Tarte, Shirley B. Randleman, Andrew C. Brock. The Bill is S410.
That bill has yet to be voted on.
Ohio.
The current version of Constitutional Carry is HB 256. Vermont style carry has been proposed several times in Ohio, going back to 1995.
Oregon.
Oregon introduced a bill early on Jan. 11, 2011 which would grant "rights given to concealed handgun licensee to any person who may lawfully purchase and possess firearm." According to the bill's author, Representative Kim Thatcher, HB 2790 did not gain enough support to progress out of the House Judiciary Committee, and is effectively dead.
Pennsylvania.
HB 2176 was introduced in Pennsylvania in March 2012 to allow constitutional carry. Representative Rick Saccone introduced that bill. Currently Pennsylvania issues license to carry firearms (LTCF) on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal on foot in Pennsylvania everywhere except for the City of Philadelphia. In order to carry a loaded firearm (open or concealed) in a vehicle; in the City of Philadelphia; or off of your residential or business property during a declared state of emergency, you must possess a LTCF. This legislation would remove all of these restrictions as well.
South Carolina.
Legislation was introduced in South Carolina in early 2012 to allow constitutional carry. Currently South Carolina issues concealed carry weapons on a shall-issue basis and open carry is illegal.
South Dakota.
Legislation was introduced in South Dakota in 2012 that would remove the penalty for carrying a concealed handgun without a permit.
The Bill is HF 1015.
Tennessee.
Legislation was introduced in Tennessee early in 2011 to allow Constitutional Carry.
Bill summary:
"This bill authorizes any resident of Tennessee who is a United States citizen or permanent lawful resident, who has reached 21 years of age, and who is not prohibited from purchasing or possessing a firearm under state or federal law, to carry a firearm in this state except as otherwise prohibited by law. A handgun carry permit would not be required to carry a handgun in this state if a person meets these requirements. A resident of this state who is so authorized to carry a handgun may carry a handgun in any other state with which this state has entered into an agreement of reciprocity for handgun permits."
Currently Tennessee issues Handgun Carry Permits on a shall-issue basis. Concealed or open carry is only legal with a permit.
Utah.
Utah issues concealed carry weapons permits on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal without a permit provided that the firearm is kept in a state where two actions must take place before the weapon will fire. There is no such restriction for concealed carry weapons permit holders. On 21 January 2013, Rep. John Mathis, R-Vernal, reintroduced legislation to allow Constitutional Carry. Although the bill was passed by the legislature, it was vetoed by Governor Herbert.
Virginia.
Legislation was introduced in Virginia, HF 139, to allow Constitutional Carry in early 2012. The bill provides that any person who may lawfully possess a firearm in Virginia may carry it hidden from common observation. Open carry in Virginia without a permit is already legal, provided that a semi-automatic firearm holds no more than 20 rounds, and a shotgun holds no more than 7 rounds. The Code of Virginia 18.2-287.4 only extends this restriction to the Cities of Alexandria, Chesapeake, Fairfax, Falls Church, Newport News, Norfolk, Richmond, or Virginia Beach or in the Counties of Arlington, Fairfax, Henrico, Loudoun, or Prince William. Other exceptions to this code section apply such as being a law-enforcement officer. It is currently unknown whether the practice of limiting ammunition per magazine in the Commonwealth conforms to the Constitution of Virginia
West Virginia.
West Virginia introduced legislation to allow Constitutional Carry at the beginning of 2011. Currently West Virginia issues concealed carry weapons permits on a shall-issue basis and open carry is legal without a permit.
Wisconsin.
In July 2011 Governor Scott Walker signed the nation's 49th Concealed Carry law. The bill, SB-93 originally did not require permits, but the Governor said he wouldn't sign it unless it included permits and required training. Although under the now new law ... No training is required.

</doc>
<doc id="31017330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017330" title="HMIS Bihar (J247)">
HMIS Bihar (J247)

HMIS "Bihar" (J199) was a "Bangor" class minesweeper built in India which served in the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) during World War II.
History.
HMIS "Bihar" was ordered in 1940 and built at Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers in Kolkata, India. She was commissioned into the RIN in 1944. She served in World War II, and was scrapped in 1949.
Operations in World War II.
"Bihar" was a part of the Eastern Fleet, and escorted numerous convoys between Africa, British India and Australia in 1944-45.
On 15 July 1944, the British merchant ship "Tanda" was torpedoed and sunk by German Navy U-boat U-181 in the Arabian Sea at position 13º22'N, 74º09'E, northwest of Mangalore. HMIS "Bihar" with rescued 197 surviving crew of the "Tanda".

</doc>
<doc id="31017334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017334" title="Friedrich Marnet">
Friedrich Marnet

Hauptmann Friedrich Marnet (22 January 1882 – 3 October 1915) was a German World War I Pilot. He also was one of the first German pilots to fly a Gotha G.
Background.
Friedrich Marnet was born into a military family in Metz, one of the strongest fortress of the German Empire. After leaving school, Marnet enlisted into the Deutsches Heer as a "Fahnenjunker" (cadet officer) in 1902. He received his commission as "Leutnant" on 9 March 1903. On 7 March 1912, Marnet was promoted to the grade of "Oberleutnant". His flight training took place from July to August 1913. Marnet passed his final pilot's exam on August 1914.
Involvement in 1st World War.
When World War I began in 1914, Marnet was immediately sent to the "1st Ersatz Bataillon 8", as a Platoon leader. At his own instigation, Marnet transferred to Feldflieger Abteilung 1b in May 1915. In June 1915, he participated in a flight observation training course in Schleißheim. On 16 July 1915, Friedrich Marnet transferred to Feldflieger-Abteilung 8b. Soon after, on 9 August 1915, Marnet was promoted "Hauptmann". On 21 August 1915, Marnet transferred to Feldflieger Abteilung 6b, then based near Bühl.
In October 1915, while Hauptmann Marnet was flying toward Strasbourg, with a mechanic and an observer, his plane, a Gotha G.I B.14/15, crashed in a freshly tilled field, near Ochsenfurt. Hauptmann Friedrich Marnet's body was recovered from the wreckage, and he was buried with full military honors by his fellows in arms. His grave is now in Munich Waldfriedhof.

</doc>
<doc id="31017342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017342" title="Ruzhintsi Municipality">
Ruzhintsi Municipality

Ruzhintsi Municipality () is a municipality ("obshtina") in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 8 km south of Danube river. It is named after its administrative centre - the village of Ruzhintsi.
The municipality embraces a territory of 232 km² with a population of 4,890 inhabitants, as of December 2009. 
The main road E79 crosses the southern parts of the area, connecting the province centre of Vidin with the city of Montana and respectively with the western operating part of Hemus motorway.
Settlements.
Ruzhintsi Municipality includes the following 10 places all of them villages: 
Demography.
The following table shows the change of the population during the last four decades. 

</doc>
<doc id="31017364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017364" title="List of judgments of the Constitutional Court of South Africa delivered in 2003">
List of judgments of the Constitutional Court of South Africa delivered in 2003

The table below lists the judgments of the Constitutional Court of South Africa delivered in 2003.
The members of the court at the start of 2003 were Chief Justice Arthur Chaskalson, Deputy Chief Justice Pius Langa, and judges Lourens Ackermann, Richard Goldstone, Tholie Madala, Yvonne Mokgoro, Dikgang Moseneke, Sandile Ngcobo, Kate O'Regan, Albie Sachs and Zak Yacoob. Justice Goldstone retired in November and Justice Ackermann retired at the end of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="31017365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017365" title="Ajo (disambiguation)">
Ajo (disambiguation)

Ajo is a census-designated place in Pima County, Arizona, United States.
Ajo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31017373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017373" title="Mike Hubbard (politician)">
Mike Hubbard (politician)

Mike Hubbard is a Republican member of the Alabama House of Representatives, representing the 79th district in Lee County. He was first elected in 1998 and currently serves as Speaker of the Alabama House of Representatives. He previously served six years as House Minority Leader (2004–2010) and two terms as Chairman of the Alabama Republican Party (2007–2011).
As the Alabama GOP Chairman, he created and headed Campaign 2010, the most comprehensive fund-raising and coordinated campaign plan in the Party's history. The effort raised over $5 million and, in the November 2010 General Election, resulted in Republicans winning every statewide office, picking up a congressional seat and taking majorities in both Houses of the Alabama Legislature for the first time in 136 years. 
Hubbard is a broadcaster and businessman in Auburn, AL. His company, Auburn Network,Inc, owns and operates four radio stations in the Auburn/Opelika market as well as publishes a quarterly magazine, East Alabama Living, and operates an advertising agency, Network Creative Media. His company sold the multi-media rights to Auburn University athletics to International Sports Properties in 2003. Prior to forming Auburn Network in 1994, he served as General Manager of Host Communications (1990–1994), and Associate Sports Information Director for Auburn University (1984–1990).
During his athletic media career, he worked on the campaigns of two Heisman Trophy winners, Herschel Walker at Georgia and Bo Jackson at Auburn. As a student assistant in the athletic media relations office at Georgia, he spearheaded the Heisman campaign of his college roommate, All-America defensive back Terry Hoage, who finished fifth in the 1983 Heisman balloting, at the time the highest finish ever for a defensive back. 
He is a member of the Alabama Broadcasters' Association, Auburn-Opelika Airport Advisory Board, Auburn United Methodist Church, Auburn Chamber of Commerce, and the Auburn Kiwanis Club.
After the Republicans took control of the State House in the 2010 elections, Hubbard was elected the first Republican Speaker of the House since Reconstruction.
In 2012, he authored a book about the 2010 Republican takeover in Alabama entitled "Storming The State House: The Campaign That Liberated Alabama from 136 Years of Democrat Rule" (Montgomery: NewSouth Books).
In the 2014 primary Mike Hubbard will be challenged by local Auburn businessman Fred "Sandy" Toomer. 

</doc>
<doc id="31017382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017382" title="Line 5, Shenzhen Metro">
Line 5, Shenzhen Metro

Line 5 of Shenzhen Metro (Huanzhong Line) is a metro line in operation. It runs from Qianhaiwan to Huangbeiling forming an arc around central Shenzhen. It is opened on June 2011. Average daily ridership exceeds 500,000 people. On May 5, 2014 653,100 passengers used the line, setting a new record.

</doc>
<doc id="31017387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017387" title="85th Indiana Infantry Regiment">
85th Indiana Infantry Regiment

The 85th Regiment, Indiana Infantry was active during the American Civil War.
The Union Indiana Volunteers were organized at Terre Haute, Indiana, September 2, 1862. Ordered to Kentucky and duty at Covington, Lexington, Nicholasville and Danville, Ky., till January 26, 1863. Attached to 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, Army of Kentucky, Dept of Ohio, September–October, 1862. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, Army of Kentucky, Dept. of Ohio, to February, 1863. Coburn's Brigade, Baird's Division, Army of Kentucky, Dept. of the Cumberland, to June, 1863. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Reserve Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to October, 1863. Coburn's unattached Brigade, Post Murfreesboro, Tenn., Dept. of the Cumberland, to January, 1864. 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, 11th Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to April, 1864. 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, 20th Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to June, 1865.
Service.
Moved to Louisville, Ky., thence to Nashville, Tenn., January 26-February 1. Moved to Brentwood Station, Tenn., February 21, thence to Franklin. Action at Franklin March 4, and at Thompson's Station, Spring Hill, March 4–5. Regiment captured by Van Dorn, commanding Bragg's Cavalry forces, nearly 18,000 strong. Exchanged May 5, 1863. Regiment reorganizing at Indianapolis, Ind., till June 12. Ordered to Nashville, Tenn., June 12, and guard duty along Nashville & Chattanooga Railroad at Franklin and Murfreesboro till April, 1864. Garrison's Creek near Fosterville and Christiana October 6, 1863 (Detachment). March to Lookout Valley, Tenn., April 20–28. Atlanta (Ga.) Campaign. Demonstration on Rocky Faced Ridge May 8–11. Battle of Resaca May 14–15. Cassville May 19. Advance on Dallas May 22–25. New Hope Church May 25. Operations on line of Pumpkin Vine Creek and battles about Dallas, New Hope Church and Allatoona Hills May 25-June 5. Pine Mount June 5. Operations about Marietta and against Kenesaw Mountain June 10-July 2. Pine Hill June 11–14. Lost Mountain June 15–17. Gilgal or Golgotha Church June 15. Muddy Creek June 17. Noyes Creek June 19. Kolb's Farm June 22. Assault on Kenesaw June 27. Ruff's Station, Smyrna Camp Ground, July 4. Chattahoochie River July 5–17. Peach Tree Creek July 19–20. Siege of Atlanta July 22-August 25. Operations at Chattahoochie River Bridge August 26-September 2. Occupation of Atlanta September 2-November 15. March to the sea November 15-December 10. Siege of Savannah December 10–21. Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Lawtonville, S. C., February 2. Battle of Bentonville, N. C., March 19–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24. Advance on Raleigh April 10–14. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and his army. March to Washington, D. C., via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 19. Grand Review May 24. Mustered out June 12, 1865.
The regiment lost during service 2 officers and 40 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 3 officers and 190 enlisted men by disease for a total of 235 casualties.

</doc>
<doc id="31017407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017407" title="Scarlet Fever (band)">
Scarlet Fever (band)

Scarlet Fever is an all-female backing band that toured with Cee Lo Green during 2010 and 2011. Originally formed for promotional tour events, popularity of the "Fuck You" single and "The Lady Killer" album led to multiple television appearances reaching an audience of millions in Europe and North America. With Green, they performed full length concerts and in opening acts for other major performers.
Origin.
Scarlet Fever was formed in May, 2010, for the Cee Lo Green promotional tour of "What Part of Forever" (from "" soundtrack). Auditions were held at the Musicians Institute located in Hollywood, California.
This group was televised on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (June 14, 2010),
and "Lopez Tonight" (June 30, 2010).
Additional auditions for keyboardist were held in August, 2010, and DANiiVORY "née" Theresa Flaminio joined the core group.
Their first tour, performing singles from "The Lady Killer" album, began in Paris, France, with a televised appearance on "Taratata".
Other radio and satellite television appearances were taped for later broadcast on "LeMouve", and "Album de la semaine" (Album of the week).
Their first concert performance at the "Reeperbahn Festival" trod the trail blazed by The Beatles in Hamburg, Germany. Their second concert appearance was a "surprise" addition to BBC "1Xtra Live from Wembley Arena" in London, England.
During multiple tours of Europe and North America, further radio and television performances followed on popular shows for BBC, "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Colbert Report", "Saturday Night Live", the "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" special show following the Academy Awards, and many other venues.
Live performances.
Widely distributed performances that introduce a new album, single (or its variant wording), or significant phase of the tour.
2011 concert tours.
The 2011 schedule included full length concerts and opening acts for other major performers, interspersed with continued album promotion.
Their public concert at American University
was followed the next day by a "Saturday Night Live"
appearance promoting the singles "Bright Lights Bigger City" and "Forget You" to a broad American audience.
They opened for Prince at Madison Square Garden,
gave charity performances for "Woman's Day Red Dress awards"(Lincoln Center)
and the Women’s Cancer Research Fund (Regent Beverly Wilshire),
had a joint concert with Big Boi and Goodie Mob at Club Nokia,
then appeared the next week during the NBA All-Star Weekend Slam Dunk Contest at Staples Center.
They returned to Europe for "Shockwaves NME Awards Big Gig" opening for Foo Fighters at Wembley Arena,
and the charity "Let's Dance for Comic Relief".
Then the next day, they all flew back halfway around the world for a late night "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" special show following the Academy Awards.
The March–April European concert tour began in
Glasgow,
Manchester,
Birmingham,
and then London, England at the historic Shepherd's Bush Empire.
Crossing the Channel, they played in
Paris,
Antwerp,
Amsterdam,
Zurich,
and Luxembourg.
Finally, they returned for a televised appearance on "Later... with Jools Holland",
then finished the tour with the twice rescheduled concert in Bristol, England.
The April–May American concert tour began at the Coachella Festival, where Cee Lo arrived a half hour late after a delayed flight and heavy traffic into the site.
Organizers cut short the performance
for only the second time in Coachella history,
causing consternation for both audience and musicians.
Performances received more favorable reviews at
St. Louis, Missouri,
Morgantown, West Virginia,
SunFest in West Palm Beach, Florida,
the Schaeffer Eye Center Crawfish Boil in Birmingham, Alabama,
the Beale Street Music Festival in Memphis, Tennessee,
and the Extravaganza Music Festival in Santa Barbara, California.
Scheduling problems reprised at the Hangout Music Festival in Gulf Shores, Alabama. After playing in New York City earlier the same day, their flight was delayed. This time, police escorted them through traffic. Meanwhile, the Foo Fighters graciously played during the delay.
Serendipitously, Cee Lo arrived as the Foo Fighters covered Prince's "Darling Nikki", a song they'd performed together (above). He joined them on stage and transitioned to Scarlet Fever for the remainder of the set.
Sharon Aguilar reminisced, “Plugged guitar right into the amp; no time for a pedalboard… no fancy in-ear monitors or anything like that… More energy… it ended up being probably my favorite live show that we’ve ever done.”
The band also taped television performances for "VH1 Storytellers"
and FUSE TV "Talking to Strangers".
They performed live on "The Today Show".

</doc>
<doc id="31017411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017411" title="Hangatahua River">
Hangatahua River

The Hangatahua River, alternatively known as the Stony River, is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand. It is one of the larger of the numerous rivers and streams which drain the slopes of Mount Taranaki, receiving water from streams covering most of the northwest sector of the mountain. In addition it drains the southern flank of the Pouakai complex and the alpine Ahukawakawa Swamp.
The river's upper reaches lie within Egmont National Park.
The Hangatahua River forms the boundary between New Plymouth District and South Taranaki District. 
The river was considered Taranaki's best trout fishery until severe erosion and land instability in the river's headwaters since 1997 caused high sediment loads. 

</doc>
<doc id="31017431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017431" title="Sanctipaulus mendesi">
Sanctipaulus mendesi

Sanctipaulus mendesi is a species of fossil caddisfly, known from a single specimen. It was found in the Geopark of Paleorrota in Santa Maria Formation in rocks dating from the Triassic. It was found in 1955 in a shipment made by Irajá Damiani Pinto.
Morphology.
The specimen consists of only one wing. It was initially classified as Derbidae (Auchenorrhyncha), but was subsequently reclassified.

</doc>
<doc id="31017462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017462" title="Masato Hirano">
Masato Hirano

Masato Hirano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31017468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017468" title="John M. Watson, Sr.">
John M. Watson, Sr.

John M. Watson Sr. (January 10, 1937 - September 7, 2006) was an American Jazz musician and actor. He is perhaps best known for his roles in films such as Groundhog Day, The Fugitive, "Natural Born Killers", and Soul Food. He was also a noted trombonist with musicians Red Saunders and Count Basie.
Life and career.
Watson was born in Albany, New York on January 10, 1937. His father was a musician who was known as an outstanding piano player, often subbing for the great Art Tatum. His mother was a college athlete and singer. Watson was raised in Middletown, Ohio. He graduated from Middletown High School in 1954, where he was a member of the band. After serving four years in the United States Army he attended Miami University where he also met his wife of 44 years, Virginia. They had had three sons and two daughters. Watson majored in Music Education and graduated in 1962. Watson was a member of the Miami University marching band, the orchestra, and the concert band. He also led his own band on the campus of Miami, performing often for various campus functions. He was also a member of Phi Mu Alpha music fraternity, and of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
After graduation in 1962, he planned to travel to Los Angeles to pursue his dream of being a musician, but stopped in Chicago to see a family member and never left. Shortly after arriving in Chicago, he joined the Red Saunders Band, which was the 17 piece house band at the historic Regal Theater. Watson played with the band, his first day being the day that Stevie Wonder recorded his first song - Fingertips - which was recorded live at the Regal. Watson was also on other famous live recordings from the Regal Theater, including Gene Chandler's Rainbow '65. He also traveled with various Motown acts including Marvin Gaye and the Four Tops. During this time he was a part of several recordings from artists such as Jack Mc Duff, James Cotton, Barbara Acklin and Etta James. Watson also worked as a band teacher during this time at Du Sable, Dunbar and CVS high schools.
In 1968 he joined the band at Jesse Jackson's Operation Breadbasket, led by Ben Branch. Watson would later serve as the musical director of Operation Push, and continued to play in the band until the late 70s. In 1969 he played with the Jackson Five until 1970, when he joined the Count Basie Band, about which he said "other than going to heaven I can't think of anything better". By this time, two of his children had been born. Weary from being on the road 50 weeks out of the year and away from his family, he left the band in late 1972.
Upon returning from the road, he worked at Manley High School as the band director. Manley had been an upper grade center that was becoming a high school. Watson started the band from scratch, and turned it into one of the most successful high school bands in Chicago. He was one of the most popular teachers at Manley. In 1982 he left Manley and went to Hirsch High School as the band director. He retired in 1996. Of course he continued to perform around Chicago, first with bassist Cleveland Eaton, a longtime colleague who had since left the Ramsey Lewis trio. His roster of acts he has played with is a veritable who's who in jazz music and includes Von Freeman, Franz Jackson, the Ellington Dynasty, Sonny Stitt, Ella Fitzgerald, Joe Williams, and many others.
In 1987 Watson was asked to audition for a lottery commercial in Chicago. He got the job, and the commercial was voted as the most popular in Chicago. This began his acting career. Later that year, he took a role as Cutler, the bandleader in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. The play became the highest grossing play in Chicago that year, and featured a young Harry Lennix. He had several theater roles over the years, including Two Train's Running, I'm Not Rappaport, and the Lion and the Jewel. He was also in the Steppenwolf Theater production of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, which starred Gary Sinise. After a successful run at the Steppenwolf, the play ran for nine months on Broadway, and six months in London. Watson also was a Joseph Jefferson Award Winner for his work as Musical Director of Duke Ellington's Play "Jump for Joy" which had a successful run at the Royal George Theater.
Watson's first movie role was as Harold Monroe in the 1990 movie "Opportunity Knocks" starring Dana Carvey. He had 13 movies to his credit, including key roles as Bones Roosevelt in "The Fugitive", the Bartender in "Groundhog Day", and Uncle Pete in "Soul Food". He also made television appearances in "The Untouchables" and "Early Edition", and appeared in numerous television and radio commercials.
Watson died on September 7, 2006 of non Hodgkin Lymphoma.

</doc>
<doc id="31017496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017496" title="Mosque of al-Zahir Baybars">
Mosque of al-Zahir Baybars

The Mosque of al-Zahir Baybars is a mosque built in Cairo, Egypt by the Mamluk Sultan al-Zahir Baybars al-Bunduqdari (r. 1260-1277).
History.
Sultan al-Zahir Baybars al-Bunduqdari was an influential leader and established a strong foundation for Mamluk rule in Egypt. He was a successful statesman and warrior, united Syria and the Hijaz with Egypt, conquered important lands from the Crusaders, raided Little Armenia, and expanded Mamluk rule to Nubian territory. Ruling from 1260–1277, Baybars instituted many reforms, infrastructure projects, and pious foundations that created the groundwork for the Mamluk state. In addition to his madrassa, Baybars had two mosques built in his name, the mosque at Husayniyya, and another larger mosque built in rural, southern Cairo in 1273, of which nothing remains. In 1267 A.D., four years after the construction of Baybars's Madrassa in the middle of the old Fatimid city, he began construction on the mosque at Husayniyya, an area remote from urban life in the northern edge of Cairo. The mosque, which took a year and a half to finish and cost one million dirhams, was the first mosque of the Mamluk period and the first Friday mosque to be built in Cairo in a hundred years. 
Although the site of this mosque is remote, it demonstrates the pious nature of Baybars, as he sacrificed the land of his own Polo grounds and chose a space close to the zawiya, or religious school, of Shaykh Khidr, Baybars's controversial patron saint. The generosity of both mosques and the land around them were important aspects of the economics of medieval Egypt. Rulers' and rich individuals' "gifts" to society were an important mechanism through which they provided for citizens, that in turn paid them taxes and loyalties. In addition, it was a way for new dynasties to establish their rule, creating new city centers with large buildings, and for leaders to demonstrate their political and religious power. The story, site, and architecture of this mosque are all more broadly significant to Baybars's rule- one of piety, victory, and grandiosity.
Architecture.
This is a square shaped, hypostyle mosque, meaning it is a flat roofed structure supported by columns. Today, the mosque lacks most of its defining features, including its dome, minarets, roof, and most decoration; but at over 10,000 square meters and 12 meters tall, the impression of its grandeur remains. The mosque has three protruding entrances, the largest of which is on the western wall; the western and eastern aisles both have three colonnades; the south has six, and the north, two. Because of the mosque's location in the northwest of the city, it has its back to Cairo and any visitors that come from the city. Even from behind, however, the mosque was recognizable by its large wooden dome that was above the mihrab in the middle of the qibla wall, marking the direction of Mecca. Each entrance was topped with a minaret, meaning Baybars's mosque had one minaret more than the mosque of al-Hakim. Reportedly, Baybars wanted the portals to the mosque to resemble his madrassa, however they lack the same architecture or decoration, instead also resembling more closely the mosque of al-Hakim as well. Large pointed arches create the walls for the Mosque's courtyard while they also provided the support for the dome, which was the first of its kind to be built anywhere in Egypt.
The mosque's maqsura is an enclosed area in front of the mihrab reserved for the monarch, and so is especially large under the dome, "almost like an autonomous sanctuary within the mosque." The dome was painted, and the qibla wall was decorated as well with marble and glass mosaics representing trees and other greenery. This mosque is the first example of the use of ablaq in Cairo, a striped pattern seen here in stone, which later became a popular decoration for Mamluk architecture throughout the city. Instead of running around the entire exterior, inscriptions on the exterior of the mosque are carved in tablets placed above the mihrab and entrances. While the exterior of the mosque is made up of stone, the interior is decorated with carved stucco, including stucco grilles in arched windows in the upper wall, and a band of Kufic script that does run around the entire interior. 
Although it was not common for the Mamluks to associate buildings with specific religious or historical occurrences, the original dome did incorporate "spoils from a crusader fortress" to celebrate a victory of Islam and help the new Mamluk rule to establish religious legitimacy. This legitimacy was also created by using themes from other historical pious buildings and regimes; the arches, for example, as well as the portal facades, are Fatimid building traditions. The minarets were made of light brick, as was traditional in the early Mamluk period, and were probably similar to the minarets of Zawiyat al-Humud. The stone carvings are reminiscent of al-Hakim's mosque, al-Aqmar mosque, and other known madrasa's and mausoleums. In general, besides the dome, this mosque is very much in the "Cairene tradition," with many strong references to al-Hakim's mosque. By using these recognized structures, Baybars demonstrated a commitment to religious ideology and high moral authority, showing his power and piety. By incorporating elements from conquered buildings, Baybars also celebrated his triumphs, and indeed his greatness can still be seen in the remains of his mosque in the outskirts of Cairo today.
Al-Maqrizi's Commentary.
As one of the most influential ancient Egyptian historians, al-Maqrizi’s Khitat dominates scholarly discourse on the architecture and structure of Medieval Egypt even today, six hundred years after he wrote it. Maqrizi not only describes the physical buildings of Cairo in great detail, he gives a picture of the entire construction; explaining materials, difficulties, changes in plans, and connecting these elements to greater economic, social, religious, and historical contexts of his time.
On this particular mosque, Maqrizi describes how Baybars chose the area for the mosque, originally rejecting a resting spot for camels, and after much deliberation decided instead on the Square of Qaraqush, where he played polo. Maqrizi goes on to describe the building plans and resources for the mosque, stating the Sultan ordered for “marble columns from throughout the entire country. He wrote to bring camels, water buffalo, cows, and donkeys from every district. He also wrote to bring tools of iron and wood to carve entrances, ceilings, and other such things.” Perhaps most importantly, however, Maqrizi connects the building of the mosque to the destruction of the Jaffa citadel, thus creating the context in which Baybars is attempting to demonstrate his own power by deconstructing the old regime. Maqrizi says Baybars, “took for himself all the wood from the citadel along with any panels of marble that were found inside it” and ordered the materials be used in his own mosque. In this way, Baybars ensured his own lasting pious foundation and demonstrated the religious and political authority of the Mamluks. Maqrizi also notes the actions of Baybars throughout the building of the Mosque; he travels to Syria, conquers Yaffa (Jaffa), Tripoli, and Antakiyya (Antioch), and finally returns to oversee his building project completed. In this way, Maqrizi demonstrates how buildings are placeholders for people and stories that really make up Egyptian history. Mosques, always a work in progress, even after they are completed, are defined by the individuals surrounding them more than by their architecture. When the mosque was completed, Baybars was pleased with its magnificence and donated the land around the mosque as a “pious endowment,” or waqf, that would generate income for the building. The waqf system was an important component of not only Mamluk patronage, but the Islamic city more generally, where wealthy, powerful individuals maintained their status by giving to the community. Thus, Maqrizi’s text, explains more than the historical details about al-Zahir Baybars’ mosque, but also gives a broader view into understanding the context in which the building was actively used.

</doc>
<doc id="31017515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017515" title="People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR">
People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR

People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат оборонной промышленности") - one of the central offices in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of the ministry, who oversaw production of the defense industry.
Appointed 8 December 1936 on the basis of the People's Commissariat of Heavy Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат тяжёлой промышленности").
January 11, 1939 decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, the People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR was divided into four departments:
Headquarters.
The seat was located in Moscow at the Ulanski alley ("Уланский переулок") 16 and 22 in the building (designed by DF Fridman) built in 1936 for the purpose of Metrostroy ("Мосметрострой") tube building company. Since 1939 the building was the headquarters of the People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry ("Народный комиссариат авиационной промышленности" - Наркомавиапром). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31017549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017549" title="Bruce Bromberg">
Bruce Bromberg

Bruce Bromberg (born October 31, 1941) is an American Grammy Award winning producer of blues music.
He was born in Chicago, and raised there and in Park Forest, Illinois. In 1958 he moved with his family to Los Angeles, and began working for various record labels. Since the late 1960s, he has been responsible for producing albums by Lightnin' Hopkins, Phillip Walker, Johnny Shines, Lonesome Sundown, Ted Hawkins, Robert Cray, Joe Louis Walker, Dave Alvin, Chris Thomas King, Johnny Childs and many others, as well as supervising many reissues of archive material. He formed HighTone Records with Larry Sloven in 1983, and achieved success with Cray's albums in particular from the early 1980s onwards. The label was sold in 2008.
Bromberg was announced as an inductee to the Blues Hall of Fame for 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="31017555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017555" title="HMIS El Hind (F120)">
HMIS El Hind (F120)

HMIS "El Hind" (F120) was a merchant ship that was requisitioned by the Royal Indian Navy (RIN) in 1943. She was commissioned, and served as a Landing Ship, Infantry (Large) during World War II. She was destroyed in a fire in 1944.
History.
HMIS "El Hind" was originally a merchant ship, built by Lithgows Limited in Scotland and completed in June 1938. She was requisitioned in 1943, and commissioned into the RIN for use in amphibious warfare as "Landing Ship, Infantry".
On 14 April 1944, exactly 6 years after her launch, "El Hind" was destroyed in a fire at Victoria Dock, Bombay when the British merchant ship "SS Fort Stikine" carrying explosives and ammunition blew up.

</doc>
<doc id="31017568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017568" title="Clay County Courthouse (Iowa)">
Clay County Courthouse (Iowa)

The Clay County Courthouse, located in Spencer, Iowa, United States, was built in 1901. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981 as a part of the County Courthouses in Iowa Thematic Resource. The courthouse is the fourth building the county has used for court functions and county administration.
History.
A commission chose Spencer Township as Clay County’s first county seat. Voters chose Peterson instead and allocated $6,000 for a courthouse. When the contractor turned in a bill for $7,500 he was paid $6,000. In 1871 the county seat was moved to Spencer and a courthouse was built for $1,333. It became too small and another courthouse was built for $4,435. The old courthouse was used for a barn, a cement block factory and then remade into two houses. The present courthouse was begun in 1900 and built at a cost of $60,000. The red stone Classical Revival building features a bronze covered dome.

</doc>
<doc id="31017572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017572" title="Sun Come Up">
Sun Come Up

Sun Come Up may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="31017589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017589" title="Tubarão Futebol Clube">
Tubarão Futebol Clube

Tubarão Futebol Clube, commonly known as Tubarão, is a Brazilian football club based in Tubarão, Santa Catarina state. They competed in the Série C three times.
History.
The club was founded on May 25, 1992. Tubarão won the Copa Santa Catarina in 1998. They competed in the Série C in 1997, in 1998 and in 2002, they were eliminated in the First Stage in the three seasons.
Stadium.
Tubarão Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Aníbal Torres Costa. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 15,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31017591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017591" title="Hartwell, Cincinnati">
Hartwell, Cincinnati

History.
Hartwell was platted in 1868 by the Hamilton County Building Association. It was named for John W. Hartwell, who was vice president of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railway when the station was located.
Hartwell was incorporated as a village in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="31017610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017610" title="London &amp; South East Men's League">
London &amp; South East Men's League

The London & South East Men's League is a division within rugby league's tier 4 and was previously a division of the Rugby League Conference. At the division is competed for by teams in the South East of England including London.
Many of the clubs run juniors in the London Junior League.
History.
The Rugby League Conference was founded in 1997 as the "Southern Conference", a 10-team pilot league for teams in the South of England and the English Midlands. A Southern Division first appeared in 1998 and would remain an ever present with minor name changes except for the 2008 season.
The South Premier Division was first competed for in 2005.
Community game pyramid.
The London & South East Men's League is below the South Premier and above the London, South and East Entrance League.
Participating teams by season.
1 as Southern division
2 as South division
3 as South East division
Winners.
1 as Rugby League Conference Southern division<br>
2 as Rugby League Conference South division<br>
3 as Rugby League Conference South East division<br>
4 as Rugby League Conference London & South division

</doc>
<doc id="31017617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017617" title="James Somerville, 6th Lord Somerville">
James Somerville, 6th Lord Somerville

James Somerville, 6th Lord Somerville, (c.1518-1569) was a Lord of the Parliament of Scotland
James was the son of Hugh Somerville, 5th Lord Somerville and Jonet Maitland. He married Agnes, daughter of James Hamilton of Finnart in 1536 at Craignethan Castle.
James and Mary of Guise.
James Somerville wrote to Queen Regent of Scotland, Mary of Guise, from Cowthally Castle on 22 March 1554. He asked to be excused from a tax owed by his father from 1549. On 27 April 1560, he signed the bond of the Scottish nobility to promote the Scottish Reformation, expel French troops supporting Mary of Guise, and to join with the English army sent for that purpose. On the 10 May 1560, he signed the ratification of the Treaty of Berwick, by which the Lords of the Congregation had invited the English army that was besieging Leith.
Supporter of the captive Queen.
With other Lords, Somerville signed three letters in support of the release Mary, Queen of Scots from England. On 28 July 1568, they wrote from Largs to Elizabeth I of England. The Lords asked Elizabeth not to let them have to take their cause to the other Princes of Europe. Another letter on the 30 July 1568 appealed to the Duke of Alba to get Spanish support for the release of Mary. With no reply from Elizabeth, on 24 August Somerville signed another letter at Dumbarton Castle. As Elizabeth had persuaded Mary to instruct them not to prevent Regent Moray's parliament by force, and they had thereby lost their advantage, the Lords now asked for Mary's instatement or release to France or Scotland.
Family.
James was first married in 1529 to Jean Hamilton, an illegitimate daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Arran. The Earl of Arran gave her a dowry of £886-13s-4d in his will. James's second wife was Agnes Hamilton, daughter of Sir James Hamilton of Finnart, they married at Craignethan Castle in 1536. Their eldest son became Hugh Somerville, 7th Lord Somerville.

</doc>
<doc id="31017621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017621" title="1958 TANFL season">
1958 TANFL season

The 1958 Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) premiership season was an Australian Rules football competition staged in Hobart, Tasmania over eighteen (17) roster rounds and four (4) finals series matches between 5 April and 13 September 1958. 
The eighteenth roster round scheduled for 16 August was postponed due to inclement weather conditions and was abandoned altogether two days later.
Participating Clubs.
TANFL Under-19's Grand Final.
State Schools Old Boys Football Association (SSOBFA) 
State Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 20 September 1958) 
State Grand Final.
(Saturday, 27 September 1958) 
Intrastate Matches.
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 10 May 1958) 
Jubilee Shield (Saturday, 14 June 1958) 
Interstate Matches.
See: 1958 Australian National Football Carnival
Match One (Tuesday, 3 July 1958) 
Match Four (Thursday, 5 July 1958) 
Match Six (Saturday, 7 July 1958) 
Match Eight (Monday, 9 July 1958) 
1958 TANFL Ladder.
Round 1.
(Saturday, 5 April. Monday, 7 April & Saturday, 12 April 1958) 
Round 2.
(Saturday, 19 April 1958) 
Round 3.
(Saturday, 26 April 1958) 
Round 4.
(Saturday, 3 May 1958) 
Round 5.
(Saturday, 10 May & Saturday, 17 May 1958) 
Round 6.
(Saturday, 24 May 1958) 
Round 7.
(Saturday, 31 May 1958) 
Round 8.
(Saturday, 7 June 1958) 
Round 9.
(Monday, 16 June 1958) 
Round 10.
(Saturday, 21 June 1958) 
Round 11.
(Saturday, 28 June 1958) 
Round 12.
(Saturday, 5 July 1958) 
Round 13.
(Saturday, 12 July 1958) 
Round 14.
(Saturday, 19 July 1958) 
Round 15.
(Saturday, 26 July 1958) 
Round 16.
(Saturday, 2 August 1958) 
Round 17.
(Saturday, 9 August 1958) 
Round 18.
(Saturday, 16 August 1958) 
Note: This round was abandoned due to inclement weather conditions.
First Semi Final.
(Saturday, 23 August 1958) 
Second Semi Final.
(Saturday, 30 August 1958) 
Preliminary Final.
(Saturday, 6 September 1958) 
Grand Final.
(Saturday, 13 September 1958) 
Source: All scores and statistics courtesy of the Hobart Mercury and Saturday Evening Mercury (SEM) publications.

</doc>
<doc id="31017632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017632" title="August Heat (short story)">
August Heat (short story)

"August Heat" is a 1910 short story by W. F. Harvey, about two men whose glimpses, each of the other's possible future, lead them to a strange paralyzed standoff.
On a scorching August day, artist James Clarence Withencroft draws a sketch: "a criminal in the dock immediately after the judge had pronounced sentence", wearing an expression "not so much one of horror as of utter, absolute collapse".
That evening, the heat persisting, Withencroft walks for several hours until he wanders into the workshop of a stonemason, Charles Atkinson. Atkinson exactly resembles the drawing which Withencroft is still carrying in his pocket. To both men’s shock, the model headstone Atkinson has just finished carving bears Withencroft's full name, his date of birth, and that very day as date of death.
The two men agree that – for fear of runaway carts, banana peels, fallen ladders – Withencroft should stay at Atkinson's place until midnight has passed and the date changed. The story ends with Withencroft writing the day's events as Atkinson sharpens some tools: "It is after eleven now. I shall be gone in less than an hour. But the heat is stifling. It is enough to send a man mad."
The story has been adapted for radio three times: twice for the radio series "Suspense" in an adaptation by Mel Dinelli and produced/directed by William Spier (on May 31, 1945, starring Ronald Colman as Withencroft and Dennis Hoey as Atkinson, and on March 20, 1948, with Barry Kroeger as Withencroft and Dennis Hoey again as Atkinson) and once for "Sleep No More" on November 28, 1956 (with Nelson Olmsted reading an abridged version of the story). DC Comics published "August Heat" as a comic book story in "Secrets of Sinister House" #12 (cover-dated July 1973), with E. Nelson Bridwell adapting the story and Alfredo Alcala illustrating; this was reprinted in the 2010 trade paperback collection "Showcase Presents: Secrets of Sinister House".

</doc>
<doc id="31017636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017636" title="Jonesborough Historic District">
Jonesborough Historic District

The Jonesborough Historic District is a historic district in Jonesborough, Tennessee that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Jonesboro Historic District (reflecting the spelling of the town name at the time) in 1969. 
Staff of the Tennessee Historical Commission surveyed 158 buildings in the town in 1969 and found 72 worth preservation. The district includes Queen Anne architecture, Greek Revival architecture, and Federal architecture among its 72 contributing buildings over a area.
The Jonesborough United Methodist Church is a contributing building in the district that was built in 1847. The church was renovated in 1945 and 1959.
The Washington County Courthouse, built in 1913 on the site of the first courthouse of the county that was built in 1779, is a contributing building.
The Chester Inn is a contributing property.
The district is an irregularly shaped area. It is an area roughly bounded by Depot and College Sts., 3rd Ave., and jct. of Main St. and Franklin Ave., in Jonesborough, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="31017658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017658" title="Rajiv Chhabra">
Rajiv Chhabra

Rajiv Chhabra is the General Secretary of India Overseas Congress (I) UK. He is a non official member of Foreign Investment and NRI Cell of the Government of Haryana.

</doc>
<doc id="31017661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017661" title="Elin Brodin">
Elin Brodin

Elin Brodin (born 1963) is a Norwegian novelist. She made her literary debut in 1983 with the novel "Morgen i aftenlandet". Among her later novels are "Maskedans" from 1987, "Bedøvelse" from 1991, and "Bivirkninger" from 2007. She has also written young-adult fiction. 
She was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="31017664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017664" title="Cindy Haug">
Cindy Haug

Cindy Haug (born 1956) is a Norwegian experimental writer and children's writer. She made her literary debut in 1982. Among her books are "Faen heller flirer fagert" from 1983, "Gaupehjerte" from 1993, and "Fjærtegn" from 1997. 
She was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="31017677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017677" title="2011 World Junior Curling Championships">
2011 World Junior Curling Championships

The 2011 World Junior Curling Championships were held from March 5 to 13 at the Dewars Centre in Perth, Scotland. In the men's tournament, Sweden's Oskar Eriksson won the final 6-5 over Switzerland's Peter de Cruz, while Scotland's Eve Muirhead won 10-3 in the final over Canada's Trish Paulsen in the women's tournament.
Men.
Round Robin.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, March 5, 9:00
Draw 2.
"Saturday, March 5, 19:00
Draw 3.
"Sunday, March 6, 14:00
Draw 4.
"Monday, March 7, 9:00
Draw 5.
"Monday, March 7, 19:00
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, March 8, 14:00
Draw 7.
"Wednesday, March 9, 9:00
Draw 8.
"Wednesday, March 9, 19:00
Draw 9.
"Thursday, March 10, 12:30
Challenge Game.
Winner advances to 2012 World Junior Curling Championships; Loser relegated to 2012 European Junior Curling Challenge.
Playoffs.
 
1 vs. 2.
"Friday, March 11, 19:00
3 vs. 4.
"Friday, March 11, 19:00
Semifinal.
"Saturday, March 12, 18:00
Bronze Medal Game.
"Sunday, March 13, 9:00
Final.
"Sunday, March 13, 9:00
Women.
Round Robin.
Draw 1.
"Saturday, March 5, 14:00
Draw 2.
"Sunday, March 6, 9:00
Draw 3.
"Sunday, March 6, 19:00
Draw 4.
"Monday, March 7, 14:00
Draw 5.
"Tuesday, March 8, 9:00
Draw 6.
"Tuesday, March 8, 19:00
Draw 7.
"Wednesday, March 9, 14:00
Draw 8.
"Thursday, March 10, 8:00
Draw 9.
"Thursday, March 10, 17:00
Tiebreakers.
"Friday, March 11, 14:00
Playoffs.
1 vs. 2.
"Saturday, March 12, 12:00
3 vs. 4.
"Saturday, March 12, 12:00
Semifinal.
"Saturday, March 12, 18:00
Bronze Medal Game.
"Sunday, March 13, 13:00
Final.
"Sunday, March 13, 13:00

</doc>
<doc id="31017693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017693" title="Stig Tore Svee">
Stig Tore Svee

Stig Tore Svee (born December 16, 1963) is a Norwegian ice sledge hockey player. 
As a member of the Norwegian ice sledge hockey team he has two silver (2002, 2006) from the Paralympic Games. At the 1998 Paralympic Games the team took the gold medal. He took the bronze medal with the Norwegian team at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31017700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017700" title="Cubi XXVI">
Cubi XXVI

Cubi XXVI is an abstract sculpture by David Smith, in the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden. 
Constructed of stainless steel on January 12 1965, it was purchased in 1978. It was on loan to the White House. It is a part of the Cubi series.

</doc>
<doc id="31017716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017716" title="Dwight Hardy">
Dwight Hardy

Dwight Hardy (born December 2, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Trabzonspor of the Turkish Basketball League (TBL). 
High school.
Hardy attended John F. Kennedy High School in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
College career.
Hardy played college basketball at Indian Hills Community College, and with the St. John's Red Storm men's basketball team. Dwight's senior season with St. John's gathered him consideration for the Big East Conference's player of the year award in the 2011 season. Hardy led his team to a surprising season, with wins over Duke, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Notre Dame, and Georgetown. 
St. John's head coach Steve Lavin has praised Hardy, calling him one of the best shooters he has ever coached. In March 2011, Hardy was one of the 20 finalists selected for the coveted Wooden Award.
Professional career.
After a successful first season in Italy, averaging 22 points, 3 rebounds, and 2 assists per game for Pistoia Basket, and receiving Italian 2nd Division MVP honors, Hardy signed with Sidigas Avellino in the Italian 1st Division. In January 2013, he parted ways with them. In March 2013, he signed with the Italian 2nd Division club Sigma Barcellona for the reminder of the season. 
On June 22, 2013, Hardy signed with the Italian 1st Division club Virtus Bologna. In June 2014, he signed with Trabzonspor Basketball of the Turkish League for the 2014–15 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31017737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017737" title="Northwest Intercollegiate Sailing Association">
Northwest Intercollegiate Sailing Association

The Northwest Intercollegiate Sailing Association (NWICSA) is one of seven District Associations within the Intercollegiate Sailing Association (ICSA), the governing body for collegiate competition in the sport of sailing. The NWICSA currently consists of teams from colleges and universities in Oregon, Washington and British Columbia, Canada. 
Current members of NWICSA.
Regular Member schools:
Associate Member school:
Non Member school: 

</doc>
<doc id="31017746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017746" title="PhysChemComm">
PhysChemComm

PhysChemComm was an online-only peer-reviewed scientific journal that was published by the Royal Society of Chemistry between 1998 and 2003. The journal published articles covering all aspects of physical chemistry and chemical physics, and their interfaces with condensed matter, physics and biological, materials and surface science.

</doc>
<doc id="31017759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017759" title="Chris Medina">
Chris Medina

Christopher Edward "Chris" Medina (born November 30, 1983) is an American singer born in Chicago, Illinois. Medina is most notable as a former "Idol" contestant during the tenth season of "American Idol". He released a single called "What Are Words" on February 25, 2011, the day after his elimination. Chris Medina went on to perform on The Jay Leno Show. The single went to #1 in Norway and Sweden and spent 19 weeks at number 1 combined. 11 in Norway and 8 in Sweden.
He made it to the top 40 out of 327 contestants on season 10 of American Idol.The night he was eliminated, Jennifer Lopez, one of the judges on American Idol, could not control how terrible she felt that she was the one who had to tell him he would not advance further, she wept uncontrollably on the show that night. The song, What Are Words is about Medina's fiancée, Juliana Ramos, who suffered a brain injury as the result of a serious car accident on October 2, 2009, 2 months before they were to be married. She remained in a coma for 2 months with Medina at her bedside. The song What Are Words debuted at #22 on the Heatseekers Songs chart, and then reached #83 on the Billboard Hot 100. It has since sold 105,000 copies. He performed the ballad on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on February 28, 2011 and on "Good Morning America" on March 4, 2011. On Regis and Kelly March 14. On March 12, 2013 Chris Medina signed a major motion movie contract, that will be released in theaters across the nation. It is based on the true story of Chris Medina and Juliana Ramos. It will be called "What Are Words?" scheduled for released in 2014.
Biography.
Medina grew up in Chicago then relocated to a nearby suburb Oak Forest, Illinois, and graduated from Columbia College Chicago. He received a golden ticket to Hollywood and made it to the top 40 before getting eliminated by a very tearful Jennifer Lopez. His dismissal on season 10 of American Idol made headlines when Jennifer Lopez was brought to tears upon revealing his fate on the show. He has been on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Live with Regis and Kelly", "Good Morning America", and "On-Air with Ryan Seacrest". He has also been featured in "People", "US Weekly", and "TV Guide".MTV Live, Sirrus Radio with Larry Flick.
In the summer of 2011, Medina was invited to perform in countries all over the world, including Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, and Singapore. In Singapore he performed for the "President's Star Charity", which is done to raise money for the physically and mentally challenged. He was able to help raise millions for this charity.
Medina sang "What Are Words" at the funeral of 18-year old Monica Iselin Didriksen, one of the victims of the Norwegian terror attacks 7/22.2011. Didriksen loved that song, and her parents asked him to come and sing at her funeral.
Motion Picture.
On March 12, 2013, Medina signed a major motion picture contract with MCS41. The film, scheduled for release in fall 2014, will be based on the story of Chris Medina and Juliana Ramos.

</doc>
<doc id="31017776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017776" title="Paul E. Osborne">
Paul E. Osborne

Paul Edward Osborne (born ca. 1939) is a realtor who served as the mayor of Campbellsville in Taylor County in central Kentucky from 1999 to 2002.
A Democrat, Osborne unseated the 33-year-incumbent Robert L. Miller in the election held on November 2, 1998. Miller was also a Democrat, but the municipal offices in Campbellsville are elected on a nonpartisan basis. At the time of Osborne's election, the Fruit of the Loom plant, the largest employer in Taylor County, was closing its operations after forty-six years. Amazon.com later moved into Campbellsville to fill part of the large void in employment there.
Osborne noted that Fruit of the Loom had signaled a decade before its closing that it might eventually move to Latin America. However, because of the long-term stable employment in Taylor County, local officials were caught off-guard. Not long after the underwear plant ceased operations, the Indiana-based Batesville Casket Company also closed its Campbellsville operations. Amid the economic readjustment, Campbellsville had to re-tool its industrial recruitment efforts. In October 1998, a month before Osborne's election as mayor, the city and county governments formed the Team Taylor County Industrial Development Authority, usually known as Team Taylor County, and established a strategy to recruit manufacturing, service, and distribution businesses to Campbellsville. The Taylor County assets included (1) location and accessibility to domestic and Canadian markets, (2) an abundant work force, (3) sound infrastructure, (4) the low cost of conducting business, (5) state financial incentives for business growth, and (6) available education and training opportunities through Campbellsville University, which among other studies offers a Master of Business Administration program. Beginning with Amazon.com in 1999, ten other companies soon located or relocated to Taylor County. 
Osborne did not seek a second term in 2002 and was succeeded by the city's first female mayor, Brenda Allen. He is co-owner of Osborne-Humphress Real Estate. 
Osborne is a member of the Campbellsville University Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="31017779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017779" title="Masato Hirano (swimmer)">
Masato Hirano (swimmer)


</doc>
<doc id="31017797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017797" title="Stony River (Canterbury)">
Stony River (Canterbury)

The Stony River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand. 
Rising at southern end of the Grampian Mountains, it runs west for through rough country to the Mackenzie Basin before emptying into Lake Benmore.

</doc>
<doc id="31017803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017803" title="Eckart Afheldt">
Eckart Afheldt

Eckart Afheldt (15 August 1921 – 3 December 1999) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Brandenburgers in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Brigadegeneral in the Bundeswehr. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Eckart Afheldt was captured by Soviets troops in May 1945 and was released in July 1945. He joined the Bundeswehr in 1956 and retired in 1981 as a Brigadegeneral.

</doc>
<doc id="31017807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017807" title="Jeeran">
Jeeran

Jeeran () is a review site centered around places.
History.
Jeeran launched as a reviews platform for the Arab world in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="31017820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017820" title="Large-headed goby">
Large-headed goby

Millerigobius macrocephalus is a species of goby native to coastal waters of the Adriatic Sea, the Levant Sea, the western Mediterranean and the Aegean Sea where it occurs in lagoons and shallow inshore waters to about in depth with stones to provide shelter. This species can reach a length of SL. It is currently the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="31017821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017821" title="Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2011">
Nickelodeon UK Kids' Choice Awards 2011

The 2011 UK Kids Choice Awards took place on 3 April 2011 at 4:30pm. This year it followed a similar format as the one in the United States. There were two Nick UK categories. Voting started on March 1, 2011.
The awards broadcast on Nick UK was the same programme as the original US broadcast, but with special inserts featuring Nick UK presenters announcing the winners of two UK-specific categories.

</doc>
<doc id="31017828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017828" title="Buccaneer Ballpark">
Buccaneer Ballpark

Buccaneer Ballpark is a baseball venue located in North Charleston, South Carolina, USA. It is home to the Charleston Southern Buccaneers college baseball team of the Division I Big South Conference. It has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
Recent renovations of the facility have improved the backstop, dugouts, and fencing. Also, new bleacher seating has increased capacity, and limited chairback seating has been added for season ticket holders. During the 2013 season, stadium lighting was installed at the facility. The project was estimated to cost $350,000, with the city of North Charleston making a sizeable contribution in return for access to the facility for events. The first night game at the facility was scheduled for April 19, 2013 against Big South rival Presbyterian. The Buccaneers hope to draw bigger name programs to play at the field in future years.

</doc>
<doc id="31017832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017832" title="Aud Korbøl">
Aud Korbøl

Aud Korbøl (born 1940) is a Norwegian sociologist and novelist. She made her literary debut in 1989 with "Pell'ongen og je". Among her novels are "Leiegårdsvalsen" from 1992, "Noe gikk forbi" from 1996, and "Det er" from 2002. 
She was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="31017858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017858" title="Sognametal">
Sognametal

Sognametal is a live DVD by Windir released in 2005. It was performed and recorded in Rockefeller Auditorium, Oslo, on 3 September 2004, the day that would have been Valfar's 26th birthday. "Sognametal" is the last material released by Windir and marks the ultimate end of the band.
Sture did the majority of vocals on the DVD, but it also includes guest vocals by Cosmocrator, and Valfar's brother Vegard.

</doc>
<doc id="31017859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017859" title="Palmeiras Nordeste Futebol">
Palmeiras Nordeste Futebol

Palmeiras Nordeste Futebol, commonly known as Palmeiras Nordeste, was a Brazilian football club based in Feira de Santana, Bahia state. They competed in the Série C once. The club was formerly known as Associação Atlética Independente.
History.
The club was founded on August 22, 2000 as Associação Atlética Independente. Palmeiras Nordeste won the Campeonato Baiano Second Level in 2001. After joining a partnership with Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras of São Paulo in 2002, the club was renamed to Palmeiras Nordeste Futebol, and won the Campeonato Baiano in the same year. The club competed in the Série C in 2002, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition. The club won the Taça Estado da Bahia in 2003. Palmeiras Nordeste folded a few years after their partnership with Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras ended.
Stadium.
Palmeiras Nordeste Futebol played their home games at Estádio Municipal Alberto Oliveira, nicknamed "Estádio Joia da Princesa". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 16,274 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31017866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017866" title="Faisal al-Hamar">
Faisal al-Hamar

Faisal al-Hamar is the former Minister of Health of Bahrain, from 2007 to 2011. He was sacked by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa in response to the 2011 Bahraini protests.
Tenure.
During his tenure as health minister, he oversaw the country's response to the Swine flu pandemic in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31017893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017893" title="Ibrahim ibn Khalifa Al Khalifa">
Ibrahim ibn Khalifa Al Khalifa

Ebrahim bin Khalifa Al Khalifa (Arabic: الشيخ ابراهيم بن خليفة آل خليفة) is the former Minister of Housing of Bahrain. 
Career.
Khalifa was sacked by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa in response to the 2011 Bahraini protests. Majeed Al Alwai replaced him in the post.

</doc>
<doc id="31017894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017894" title="Kalle Mäkinen">
Kalle Mäkinen

Kalle Mäkinen (born 1 February 1989) is a Finnish footballer who playing for the Finnish Veikkausliiga club Maskun Palloseura. He was nicknamed "Sergio" because his style of play was similar to that of Spanish fullback Sergio Ramos

</doc>
<doc id="31017931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017931" title="Daisy Turner (actress)">
Daisy Turner (actress)

Daisy Turner (born 28 June 1990) is an English model and actress. Daisy made her debut on Hollyoaks in the recurring Jenny on April 15, 2011. She is the younger sister of EastEnders actress Lacey Turner.
Early life.
Daisy was born in Hendon, London in 1990. She was brought up by her parents Bev and Les along with her two sisters Lacey Turner and Lily Harvey who both happen to be in the acting industry. Daisy's older sister Lacey played Stacey Slater in long-running soap opera "EastEnders" for 6 years. Her younger sister Lily made her guest debut in "EastEnders" as Shenice in March 2011.
Turner now resides in Singapore, Asia.
Career.
Turner's first TV appearance was in a 2009 TV commercial for "Envirofone.com".
Daisy has currently got herself a role in Brit-flick AWOL.
In February 2011, it was confirmed on the official "Hollyoaks" website that Turner would be joining the cast of "Hollyoaks" in a recurring role. It had also been confirmed that Daisy had already started filming but was being kept under-wraps on who Turner will play and what storylines she will be involved in. ".
Daisy made her debut as Jenny, a mysterious newcomer claiming to be the sister of murdered Hollyoaks bad boy Danny Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="31017934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017934" title="Fahmi al-Jowder">
Fahmi al-Jowder

Fahmi bin Ali Al-Jowder () is the former Minister of Public Works & Housing in Bahrain. He was sacked by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa in response to the 2011 Bahraini protests.

</doc>
<doc id="31017945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017945" title="Perla Achával">
Perla Achával

Perla Achával was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche".

</doc>
<doc id="31017947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017947" title="Jesse A. Wilson, Jr.">
Jesse A. Wilson, Jr.

Captain Jesse A. Wilson, Jr., USN is the commander of Destroyer Squadron TWO THREE (DESRON 23), also known as the Little Beavers. He assumed command in December 2010, following a line of officers starting in 1943, which included Arleigh Burke. He is also currently the mission commander for Pacific Partnership 2011, COMPACFLT’s annual humanitarian and civil assistance mission to Southeast Asia and Oceania.
Biography.
Education.
Wilson graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from the United States Naval Academy in 1986. He also earned a Master of Science in Operations Research from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, CA (1991) and a Master of Arts degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College in 2001. Wilson was also a Massachusetts Institute of Technology Seminar XXI Fellow in 2007–08, and he is a graduate of the Navy Corporate Business Course at UVA-Darden.
Career (afloat).
During his initial sea tour aboard USS Reasoner (FF-1063), he served as the Main Propulsion Assistant and Combat Information Center Officer from January 1987 to August 1989. As a Department Head, he served as Engineer Officer aboard USS Antrim (FFG-20) from June 1992 to November 1993. As a second department head tour, he served as Space Examiner in the gas turbine branch of CINCLANTFLT’s Propulsion Examining Board from November 1993 to November 1995. During his follow-on sea tour, he served as the Executive Officer aboard USS Fitzgerald (DDG-62) from April 1999 to July 2000. CAPT Wilson’s first command was serving as the sixth Commanding Officer of USS Higgins (DDG-76) from November 2004 to November 2006, where he led HIGGINS during a six-month Western Pacific deployment with the USS NIMITZ Carrier Strike Group as part of Operations Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom. Most recently he served as Sea Combat Commander for the USS NIMITZ Carrier Strike Group during the 2009–10 Western Pacific deployment.
Career (ashore).
CAPT Wilson was assigned to the U.S. Naval Academy from December 1995 to November 1998 where he served as the Twenty-Seventh Company Officer. From June 2001 to June 2004, he served at the Pentagon on the Joint Staff, J8-Force Structure, Resources, and Assessments Division as a joint warfighting analyst. During his most recent tour at the Pentagon, he was assigned to the Campaign Analysis Branch of OPNAV N81 Assessment Division before transferring to serve two Chiefs of Naval Operations as the Deputy Executive Assistant.
Awards and decorations.
Legion of Merit
Defense Meritorious Service Medal
Meritorious Service Medal
Navy Commendation Medal (4 award stars)
Joint Service Achievement Medal
Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Identification Badge
Surface Warfare Officer

</doc>
<doc id="31017952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017952" title="Picconia (fly)">
Picconia (fly)

Picconia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31017959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017959" title="List of species endemic to Mendocino County, California">
List of species endemic to Mendocino County, California

This is a list of plant and animal species, subspecies and varieties that are endemic to Mendocino County, California, or to Mendocino and no more than one neighboring county.
Mendocino County and one adjacent county.
In addition, the following are endemic to an area contained in Mendocino and only one neighboring county:

</doc>
<doc id="31017970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017970" title="Susana Campos">
Susana Campos

Susana Campos (1934–2004) was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31017973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017973" title="Lorenzo (name)">
Lorenzo (name)

Lorenzo is an Italian and Spanish masculine given name of Latin origin. It is used in Italy, Spain, and other Spanish-speaking countries. The name was derived from the Roman surname Laurentius, which meant "from Laurentum". Laurentum was an ancient Roman city of Latium situated between Ostia and Lavinium, on the west coast of the Italian peninsula southwest of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="31017979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017979" title="Myles Anderson">
Myles Anderson

Myles Anderson (born 9 January 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays for Italian club Monza, as a defender.
Early and personal life.
Born in Westminster, Anderson is the son of football agent, Jerome Anderson.
Career.
Anderson moved from Leyton Orient to Aberdeen in January 2011. He made his professional debut on 19 February 2011, in a Scottish Premier League match against Kilmarnock.
In March 2011, Anderson signed a pre-contract with Blackburn Rovers, effective from 1 July 2011. Given the club's links with Anderson's father, Blackburn Rovers manager Steve Kean publicly defended the transfer.
He joined Aldershot Town on loan in August 2012.
On 4 January 2013, Anderson left Blackburn after having his contract terminated by mutual consent, leaving the club without having made a first-team appearance. He signed for Exeter City three days later.
On 20 August 2013, Anderson signed for Italian club Monza.

</doc>
<doc id="31017985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017985" title="Jameel Humadan">
Jameel Humadan

Jameel Humadan is the current Minister of Labor of Bahrain. 
He was appointed by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa in 2011. Jameel Humadan was formerly the Undersecretary of Labor.

</doc>
<doc id="31017991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31017991" title="Perla Cristal">
Perla Cristal

Perla Cristal (born September 29, 1937) is an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper. She also appeared in Jess Franco's "The Awful Dr. Orloff" (1962) and starred opposite Paul Naschy in "Fury of the Wolfman" (1972).

</doc>
<doc id="31018001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018001" title="Manal Kayiru">
Manal Kayiru

Manal Kayiru (meaning a rope or thread made of sand) is a 1982 Tamil movie directed by Visu.
Plot.
SV Shekar plays a hardheaded man who wants to marry a woman who suits him well and he has a list of conditions which need to be met. But visu has other plans and marries him off a girl who does not meet any of his listed criteria. Rest of the movie deals with how SV Shekar comes to term with this girl.
The role of S.V. Shekar's sister in the movie is played by Manorama (actress)who plays along with Visu's plot in the film. The conditions set out by S.V. Shekar are: the girl should be less educated than him, she should know how to dance, she should be able to cook non-vegetarian, speak Hindi, her family should not drag public into their internal affairs, she should agree to re-marry in case she is widowed, she should look appealing only to him but ugly to others.
Visu marry's this girl to S.V. Shekar as a good deed, stemming from his own life in the movie of having caused suicide of his fiancee by not agreeing to marry her as she didn't meet conditions he set.

</doc>
<doc id="31018014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018014" title="Virginia de la Cruz">
Virginia de la Cruz

Virginia de la Cruz was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018024" title="Kamal Ahmed (politician)">
Kamal Ahmed (politician)

Kamal Ahmed is the current Minister of State for Cabinet Affairs of Bahrain. He was appointed by Hamad ibn Isa Al Khalifa in 2011. He was formerly the Executive Chairman of Operations at the Bahrain Development Board.

</doc>
<doc id="31018026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018026" title="Noord, Rotterdam">
Noord, Rotterdam

Noord () is a borough of Rotterdam. The municipal portion is formed by the Delfshavense Schie, the Highway 20 (A20), the Rotte and the rails. The borough had 48,990 inhabitants in 2007.
Neighborhoods.
The borough Noord consists of the neighborhoods:
Transport.
In Noord are 4 Rotterdam tram lines (Tram 4, 8, 11 and 25), 5 bus lines (Bus 33, 35,38,44 and 45), and RET 170,171 and RandstadRail Station Blijdorp.

</doc>
<doc id="31018061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018061" title="Carlos Enríquez">
Carlos Enríquez

Carlos Enríquez (1898–1971) was an Uruguayan-born actor who worked primarily in Argentina. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018067" title="Bjørn Gunnar Olsen">
Bjørn Gunnar Olsen

Bjørn Gunnar Olsen (1942 – 1992) was a Norwegian journalist, novelist, playwright and biographer. 
He made his literary debut in 1967 with "Ved skjulestedet". Among his novels are "Hud over Damhauen" from 1982, and "Alfreds hus" from 1986. He wrote a biography of Martin Tranmæl. 
He was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="31018068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018068" title="Red Crag Formation">
Red Crag Formation

The Red Crag Formation is a series of marine deposits at the base of the Pleistocene in Suffolk and Essex. This material rests on an erosion surface of Cretaceous to Palaeogene rocks. It is a shore deposit, medium to coarse-grained and locally shelly.
The most extensive exposure of Red Crag is found at Bawdsey Cliff, the site of which is designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest. Around of Crag from the Gelasian are exposed. Red Crag deposits have been dated from Piacenzian age at Walton-on-the-Naze to Preludhamian age at Sizewell on the basis of microfossils.
Crag is a local word for a shelly sand. The Red Crag is generally stained red by ferruginous compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="31018072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018072" title="Abdulhussain bin Ali Mirza">
Abdulhussain bin Ali Mirza

Abdulhussain bin Ali Mirza is the current minister of oil and gas affairs of Bahrain. 
Education.
Mirza holds a PhD in management change from Middlesex University in London.
Career.
Mirza was the minister of state, the minister of state for cabinet affairs and also, the chairman of the Tender Board. In 2006, the newly established ministerial portfolio, oil and gas affairs, was given to him. He is also the head of the National Oil and Gas Authority which he has been holding before his ministerial appointment. In 2011 the ministry of energy and water was merged with the ministry of oil and gas affairs.

</doc>
<doc id="31018073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018073" title="Fusarium circinatum">
Fusarium circinatum

Fusarium circinatum is a fungal plant pathogen that causes the serious disease pitch canker on pine trees. Like other "Fusarium" species in the phylum Ascomycota, it is the asexual reproductive state of the fungus and has a teleomorph, "Gibberella circinata". 
Distribution.
This fungus is believed to have originated in Mexico. It spread to the eastern United States in 1946 and by 1986 had reached the western United States. It was first recorded in Japan in the 1980s, in South Africa in 1990, in Chile and Spain in the mid 1990s and in Italy in 2007.
Host species.
In California this canker has been recorded on nine different species of pine ("Pinus") and on Douglas fir ("Pseudotsuga menziesii"). In Europe and Asia it has been recorded on over 30 other "Pinus" species. Monterrey pine ("Pinus radiata") seems to be the most susceptible species and in California 85% of the native Monterey pine forests may be killed within a decade.
Biology.
"F. circinatum" infects the twigs and branches of pine trees, causing a bark canker. Most infection is by macroconidia or microconidia. The macroconidia are 3-septate, with slightly curved walls and the microconidia are single-celled, ovoid, and borne in false heads on aerial polyphialides. The aerial mycelium is white or pale violet colour and slightly twisted below the proliferation of microconidiophores. In culture, perithecia are readily produced. They are dark purple or black and ovoid. Cylindrical asci are released by oozing. There are eight ascospores which are 1-septate and ellipsoidal to fusiform. Because peritheca have not been observed in the field, it is not thought that ascospores are an important route for infection.
The infection is usually carried from tree to tree by the rain, the wind or by bark-feeding insects. These including weevils in the genus "Pityophthorus" and bark beetles in the genera "Ips" and "Conophthorus". These insects commonly infect pine trees and the adults may disperse the pathogen. Additionally, these insects cause a wound when feeding and this may facilitate entry of the infection. Warmth and moisture encourage the development of the disease whereas cooler drier conditions restrict it. In California it is more severe in coastal areas.
Research was undertaken to see whether spores from the telemorph, "Gibberella circinata", might be responsible for spread of the fungus. It was found that very few vegetative compatibility groups existed among the California strains of the pathogen. This implied that asexual reproduction predominated and laboratory tests confirmed this.
Spread.
In Chile, the infection was first reported on "Pinus radiata" in nurseries and was thought to be due to the import of contaminated seed. The symptoms were similar to other damping off diseases with seedlings wilting and dying and exuding resin from the root collar areas. Seedlings could also be infected by soil-borne contamination. A few years later, the disease had not spread to mature stands of trees. The same is true in South Africa, where it was reported to infect nursery stock but not forest trees.
"F. circinatum" is spread locally by wind and insects, but it is slow to spread into new areas. Over large distances it can be transported in contaminated pine seeds or by young plants. Although it could be carried as infected timber, this is considered unlikely especially if the bark has been removed. If timber had been a significant means of infection, the fungus would have spread more rapidly to other parts of the world as there is a considerable trade in pine.
Testing.
A test has been developed for detecting contamination of seeds of "Pinus" species by "F. circinatum". It is based on the biological enrichment of a sample followed by a real-time polymerase chain reaction assay. Many countries are imposing quarantine controls on movement of propagating materials and this test can help prevent the introduction of the pathogen through contaminated seed.

</doc>
<doc id="31018078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018078" title="Mario Perelli">
Mario Perelli

Mario Perelli was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018088" title="Agricola I">
Agricola I

Agricola I is an abstract sculpture by American artist David Smith. The artwork is located on the grounds at and in the collection of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., United States. The word "agricola" means "farmer" in Latin. This work is the first in the "Agricola" series by Smith.
Description.
"Agricola I" is a painted steel sculpture made of old farm machinery which have been assembled to appear as a farmer holding a tool in each hand.
Acquisition.
The sculpture was originally purchased in 1962 from Park International in New York City. In 1966 the Hirshhorn Museum's namesake, Joseph H. Hirshhorn gave the work to the museum.
Further information.
The "Agricola" series includes other works utilizing old farm equipment. The series of sixteen sculptures, made between 1950 to 1957, represent Smith's concern with farming in upper New York State where he lived.
Mercury.
The sculpture has been described by curators at the National Gallery of Art as "making a direct reference" to "Mercury" as attributed to Adrian de Vries and "that this "Mercury" variation is not an isolated instance in Smith's career," referring to other works such as "Circles", "Wagons" and "Sentinals" by Smith, which are all variations upon work by another artist. Deemed a "parody" by The Washington Post, in the catalog of the National Gallery's 1982-1983 exhibition, "David Smith," "Agricola" is renamed ""Mercury" variant" for the duration of the publication. In 1982, NGA curator E.A. Carmean Jr., stated that the Hirshhorn's "Agricola I" was a must have for NGA if the work was ever to be deaccessioned. Art historian and critic Rosalind Krauss describes "Agricola I" as being "a hieratic image, rigid, frontal, and planar to the point of existing almost solely as a silhouette; whereas "Mercury" is a Mannerist work of combined elegance and muscularity..." She also points out that "Mercury" has nothing to do with the agricultural theme of "Agricola I".
Reception.
Art historian Sam Hunter described the "Agricola" series as "an abrasive, unadorned "art brut" of laconic gesture, almost no discernible style, and yet of an extraordinary lyric intensity." The Independent stated that the "Agricola" series depicts "primitive figures seem on their way to work the land, but it is hard to tell where the farmers end and where their tools begin." In a 1982 review of the National Gallery exhibition, The New York Times called the "Agricola" series "elegantly wrought" and as "giving everyday forms a metaphorical unity,"

</doc>
<doc id="31018100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018100" title="Ivan Jurkovič">
Ivan Jurkovič

Ivan Jurkovič (born 10 June 1952) is a Slovenian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He serves as the Nuncio to Russia and Nuncio to Uzbekistan from 19 February and 22 July 2011 respectively having been appointed by Pope Benedict XVI.
Biography.
Born in Kočevje, southern Slovenia, Ivan Jurkovič was ordained to the priesthood on 29 June 1977. Jurkovič obtained a theology degree from the University of Ljubljana. He was trained as diplomat in the Pontifical University and entered the diplomatic service of the Holy See in 1984, serving as a secretary in the Pontifical Representations in South Korea. In 1988 he obtained Doctor of Canon Law degree and from 1988 to 1992 served as a financial auditor in the Pontifical Representations in Colombia.
From 1992 to 1996 he was appointed as consultant to the Apostolic Nunciature in Russia. At the same time he served as Professor of Canon Law at the St. Thomas Institute of Philosophy, Theology and History in Moscow, where he published the following books: "Marriage Law" (Moscow, 1993), "Canon Law on the People of God" (Moscow, 1993), "Latin-Russian Dictionary of Terms and Expressions of the Code of Canon Law" (with A. Koval, Moscow, 1995), "Canon Law on the People of God and Marriage" (Second edition, Moscow, 2000). Then he worked as a consultant in the OSCE.
On 28 July 2001, he was appointed Titular Archbishop of "Krbava" by Pope John Paul II. Jurkovič received his episcopal consecration on 6 October in Ljubljana from Cardinal Angelo Sodano, with Cardinal Franc Rode and Archbishop Edmond Y. Farhat serving as co-consecrators.
Nuncio to Belarus and Ukraine.
On 28 July 2001 he was made the Holy See’s liaison with Belarus for almost three years. An appointment as Papal Nuncio to Ukraine followed on 22 April 2004.
Nuncio to Russia and Uzbekistan.
Jurkovič was named Nuncio to Russia on 19 February 2011. He took the place of Archbishop Antonio Mennini who was appointed as nuncio to Great Britain on 18 December 2010. Archbishop Mennini dramatically improved the relations between Russia and Holy See and as a result in December 2009 President Dmitry Medvedev ordered that full diplomatic relations between the two states be established.
One of the most important duties facing him will be to oversee the process of negotiation between Holy See and Russian Orthodox Church on controversial church buildings in the West Ukraine.
On 22 July 2011 Jurkovič was named Nuncio to Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="31018101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018101" title="Tocantins Esporte Clube">
Tocantins Esporte Clube

Tocantins Esporte Clube, commonly known as Tocantins, is a Brazilian football club based in Imperatriz, Maranhão state. They competed in the Série C once.
History.
The club was founded on December 2, 1975. Tocantins won the Campeonato Maranhense Second Level in 2001. The club competed in the Série C in 2002, when they were eliminated in the First Stage of the competition.
Stadium.
Tocantins Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Frei Epifânio D'Abadia, nicknamed "Abadião". The stadium has a maximum capacity of 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31018108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018108" title="Amelia Vargas">
Amelia Vargas

Amelia Vargas (January 16, 1928-) is a Cuban actress and dancer. She mainly worked in Argentina. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018122" title="List of colonial buildings and structures in Jakarta">
List of colonial buildings and structures in Jakarta

Colonial buildings and structures in Jakarta include those that were constructed during the Dutch colonial period of Indonesia. The period (and the subsequent style) succeeded the earlier period when Jakarta (known then as Jayakarta/Jacatra), governed by the Sultanate of Banten, were completely eradicated and replaced with a walled city of Batavia. The dominant styles of the colonial period can be divided into three periods: the Dutch Golden Age (17th to late 18th century), the transitional style period (late 18th century – 19th century), and Dutch modernism (20th century). Dutch colonial architecture in Jakarta is apparent in buildings such as houses or villas, churches, civic buildings, and offices, mostly concentrated in the administrative city of Central Jakarta and West Jakarta.
Below is a list of colonial buildings and structures found in Jakarta. The list is sorted alphabetically according to its official (local) name. The list can also be sorted to each category.
Buildings which undertook complete renovation which resulted in different form are listed separately to distinguish the different architectural form.
Some notable Chinese-style buildings and Islamic mosques that were built during these period are included in the list for comparison.
Dutch East India Company period – 17th to late 18th century.
The first type of colonial architecture grew from the early Dutch settlements in the 17th century, when settlements were generally within walled defences to protect them from attack by other European trade rivals and native revolt. Following the siege of Jayakarta (previously known as Sunda Kelapa) and its demolition by the Dutch in 1619, it was decided to build the headquarters of the Dutch East India Company on the site. Simon Stevin was commissioned to design a plan for the future settlement based on his concept of the 'ideal city'. His response was a rectangular, walled town, bisected by the river Ciliwung which was to be channeled into a straight canal (later known as also known as "Grote Rivier" or "Kali Besar" or "Big River" in this area). This new city is called Batavia (now Jakarta). In accordance to Stevin's model, the fortress of Batavia was the most prominent building in the city, symbolizing the center of power, while townhall, markets, and other public buildings were distributed. This layout of Jakarta can still be clearly recognized today in Jakarta Old Town through the layout of the streets and canals, although most of the original 17th structures had been destroyed or replaced with newer early 20th-century structures.
The architecture style of this period were the tropical counterparts of 17th-century Dutch architecture. Typical features include the typically Dutch high sash windows with split shutters, gable roofs, and white-coral painted wall (as opposed to exposed brick architecture in the Netherlands). This earlier period of Jakarta had many of the buildings solidly built with relatively enclosed structures, a structure that is not very friendly to tropical climate as compared to the architecture of the next period in Jakarta. Best example of these buildings were located along the "Tygersgracht" (now "Jalan Muka Timur"), all had been demolished. Best surviving example is Toko Merah.
Several Portuguese colonial architecture also exist, usually outside the walled city of Batavia. Tugu Church and Sion Church, with its plain facade and domed windows, are some surviving examples.
In 1808, Daendels officially moved the city center to south because of the deteriorating condition of the inner town as well as the malaria outbreak. As a result, many buildings and structures from this period were left to deteriorated. Because of financial issues, many buildings were demolished in 19th century and the debris were used to construct newer structure in the south, such as the Palace of Governor-General Daendels (now the Financial Department of Indonesia) from the debris of Batavia Castle, and Batavia Theater (now Gedung Kesenian Jakarta) from the debris of the "Spinhuis".
Later, these empty lots in Jakarta Old Town were filled with newer 20th-century structures. Surviving 17th–18th structures were later converted as Jakarta's cultural heritage, e.g. Toko Merah, Gereja Sion and Jakarta History Museum.
Other dominant architecture style from these period were the Chinese merchant houses, many were built during the 18th century. Many of these structures show eclectic mix of Dutch and Chinese influences.
Colonialism – late 18th century to 1870.
After the VOC was formally dissolved in 1800 the Batavian Republic expanded all the VOC's territorial claims into a fully fledged colony named the Dutch East Indies. From the company's regional headquarters Batavia now evolved into the capital of the colony. In 1808 Daendels moved the old town center to higher ground to the south and urbanized the area known as Weltevreden. During the British interregnum Daendels was replaced by Raffles who governed until 1816.
As the Dutch become more securely established in the region, towns grew up beyond the walls of the fort. Batavia, together with Semarang and Ujung Pandang, were the most important urban centers. During this time, Batavia became congested and wealthier merchants and other powerful men began to build their residences on the outskirts of town and in the surrounding countryside.
The period shows a gradual adaptation to the tropical climate form on the part of the Dutch colonial architecture. These new form of architecture is called "the Indies". Typical style during this period include large roof overhang, high roof and ceiling, and front and rear verandahs that opened on to gardens. Indies style can be described as a mix of Indonesian, Chinese, and European influence. Very often the local Javanese style "limasan" roof was employed, but with addition of 19th-century European architectural elements such as Tuscan columns, doors, windows, and a flight of three to four steps leading up to a verandah running the full width of the house.
Neoclassicism was a popular style for buildings in Jakarta during this period, which is considered to be the best representation of the greatness of the empire.
Post Cultuurstelsel abolition – 1870 to mid 20th century.
The abolition of the Cultuurstelsel in 1870 made way for the rapid development of private enterprises in the Dutch Indies. Numerous trading companies and financial institutions established themselves in Java, most of them settled in Batavia. Jakarta Old Town's deteriorating structures were replaced with offices, typically along the Kali Besar. These private companies owned or managed plantations, oil fields, and mines. Railway stations were designed during this period, with characteristic style of this period.
Architecturally, neoclassicism fell out of favor to be replaced by Neogothic and Dutch Rationalism. Apparent architectural style were Nieuwe Kunst (e.g. Bank Tabungan Negara), Art Deco or De Stijl, and Amsterdam School. This architecture styles were also the tropical counterpart of the original style, resulting in a style called "the Indies".
Two dominant architectural bureaus during this period were AIA Bureau (Frans Ghijsels) and AA Fermont and Cuypers Bureau (Eduard Cuypers).
Colonnades are required during this period to provide protection against monsoon rains and tropical sun, which in turn transformed the appearance of buildings in the city centers.
Colonial style in Jakarta lingered some years after the Japanese occupation of Indonesia in 1942, and further after the independence of Indonesia in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31018125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018125" title="Naomi (given name)">
Naomi (given name)

Naomi is a given name in various languages and cultures:
Hebrew.
Naomi (Hebrew: נָעֳמִי) is a feminine Jewish name of Hebrew origin. In Hebrew, it means "pleasantness," and was originally pronounced with the stress on the (the <o> is a Hataf Qamatz, marked with a shva to indicate that it is very short). In Judaism and Christianity, Naomi is Ruth's mother-in-law. Because Naomi appears in the Old Testament, this makes the name Naomi a Biblical name. The Hebrew name Naomi is not related to the Japanese name Naomi.
Japanese.
, pronounced is a unisex Japanese name. The Japanese name Naomi is not directly related to the Hebrew name Naomi. Naomi can be spelled using hiragana, katakana, kanji or a combination of kana and kanji.

</doc>
<doc id="31018133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018133" title="William Gros">
William Gros

William Joseph Gros (born 31 March 1992 in Saint-Pierre, Réunion) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Premiership club Kilmarnock.
Career.
Gros who was born in Réunion, began his career on youthside with AC Le Havre and joined Kilmarnock in the summer of 2010. He made his début on 4 March 2011 during the 2010–11 season and scored in this game.
Gros signed a new three-year contract with the club in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31018141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018141" title="Nélida Romero">
Nélida Romero

Nélida Romero (1926-) is an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper, who was her husband from 1944 to 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="31018162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018162" title="Hinrich Ahrens">
Hinrich Ahrens

Hinrich Ahrens (21 March 1921 – 31 December 2009) was a highly decorated Feldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Hinrich Ahrens was captured by Belgian forces in April 1945 and was held until September 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="31018166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018166" title="RK Radnički Kragujevac">
RK Radnički Kragujevac

Rukometni klub Radnički (Serbian Cyrillic: Рукометни клуб Раднички, ) is a handball club from Kragujevac, Serbia. Currently, RK Radnički competes in the Handball League of Serbia and the EHF Challenge Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="31018175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018175" title="Eliseo Herrero">
Eliseo Herrero

Eliseo Herrero was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018182" title="Hilda Rey">
Hilda Rey

Hilda Rey was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018200" title="Committee for a Revolutionary Socialist Party">
Committee for a Revolutionary Socialist Party

The Committee for a Revolutionary Socialist Party was an attempt to set up a "united front" of several dissident American Trotskyist groups in the 1980s. 
The participating groups came from different backgrounds, but all ultimately traced their lineage to the Socialist Workers Party. 
A First National Conference attended by 100 members and fraternal representatives of these groups met in Union, Washington Oct. 6-9, 1978. It adopted resolutions emphasizing the importance of women, minorities, gays and undocumented workers as the most oppressed section of the working class, and were anticipated to be the "vanguard of the proletariat". It also noted that "privileged layers within the working class" increased the gulf between workers and bred "reactionary habits". 
The Conference also issued a document that tried to appeal to those leaders within the United Secretariat of the Fourth International who were hostile to Socialist Workers Party, criticizing the latter for bureaucratism, Stalinophobia and Sexophobia and accused the USFI of attempting to form an "unprincipled bloc" with the SWP. At the time of the Morenoist split with the United Secretariat and its parity commission with the Lambertist faction of the Fourth International, the CRSP sought affiliation with it, but does not appear to have been successful. 
The group imploded when its Steering Committee held a plenum in Seattle July 4–7, 1980. There a decision was made to drop the united front type of organization in favor of a disciplined democratic centralist party. After this, the Turnerites and the Socialist Union left the CRSP. Murry Weiss joined the FSP.

</doc>
<doc id="31018212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018212" title="Adolfo Linvel">
Adolfo Linvel

Adolfo Linvel (1911-July 8, 1986) was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018220" title="Ignition (John Waite album)">
Ignition (John Waite album)

Ignition is the debut solo album from Rock singer-songwriter John Waite (ex-vocalist for The Babys). It was released on Chrysalis in May of 1982, and produced by Neil Giraldo (producer/guitarist for Pat Benatar, who was on the same label).
Two singles were lifted from the record; the Holly Knight-penned "Change" failed to make a significant dent on any chart except for the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, where it scored the #16 position. It was, however, one of MTV's most popular early videos. Upon the release of the soundtrack to the movie "Vision Quest", the single was be re-released and broke into the Top 50 on the pop charts. Its follow-up was the song "Going To The Top".
A few famous musicians guested on the album as well. Singer Patty Smyth (then in the band Scandal) handled vocal backing, and drummer Frankie LaRocka (also from Scandal) and bassist Don Nossov (who also played with Benatar) guest here.

</doc>
<doc id="31018224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018224" title="Ministry of Aviation Industry (Soviet Union)">
Ministry of Aviation Industry (Soviet Union)

The People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry of the USSR ("Народный комиссариат авиационной промышленности CCCP" - Наркомавиапром) was the central office in the Soviet Union, the equivalent of a ministry, which oversaw production of the aviation industry.
A January 11, 1939 decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR created the People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry of the USSR from the I Board (aircraft) of the People's Commissariat of Defence Industry of the USSR.
According to Decree No. 4C of the Council of People's Commissars of 21 January 1939, the NCAP took over:
In September 1939 the Politburo of the CPSU (b) adopted a resolution on "the reconstruction and building aircraft factories." It predicted a more than 50% increase in the production capacity of aircraft factories by the end of 1941 in comparison to 1939. A decision was made to build nine new aircraft manufacturing plants and reconstruct the existing nine.
On March 15, 1946 the Commissariat was transformed into the Ministry of Aviation Industry of the USSR ("Министерство авиационной промышленности СССР").
Headquarters.
The seat was located in Moscow at the Ulanski alley ("Уланский переулок") 16 and 22 in the building (designed by DF Fridman) built in 1936 for the purpose of Metrostroy ("Мосметрострой") tube building company. Since 1939 the building was the headquarters of the People's Commissariat of Aviation Industry ("Народный комиссариат авиационной промышленности - Наркомавиапром"). The phone book does not indicate the address of the Ministry.

</doc>
<doc id="31018225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018225" title="Liam Caddis">
Liam Caddis

Liam Caddis (born 20 September 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for St. Johnstone, as a midfielder.
Career.
St. Johnstone.
After coming through the club's youth development system, Caddis turned professional and began playing for the club's reserve side. After a season with the club, Manager Derek McInnes gave Caddis a chance in the first team and made his debut for St. Johnstone in the friendly match in a 1-0 win over against Lisburn Distillery. On 28 August 2010, at aged just 16, Caddis made his debut for the club, in a 2-1 loss against Rangers. 
After making his debut, Caddis signed a contract extension with club, which keep him until 2012. McInnes was impressed with Caddis's "composure and ability", though he remains as an un-used substitute for the rest of the season. 
After a loan spell with Arbroath came to an end, Caddis signed a one year contract extension with St. Johnstone. Caddis made his first appearance since returning from a loan spell with Arbroath, in the third round of the Scottish League Cup, where he made an assist for the fourth round, in a 4-1 win over Queen's Park. After coming another loan spell, Caddis, again, signed a one year contract extension at the end of the 2012-13 season. Shortly signing a new deal, Caddis would the awarded Barbossa Street Saints Young Player of the Year.
In 2013-14 season, Caddis made his European debut in the first leg of their Europa League third qualifying round tie when he provided an assist for Steven MacLean, in a 1-0 win over Belarus side Minsk. However, St. Johnstone would lose on penalties to Minsk. Though St.Johnstone was winning 1-0 in the first leg, Minsk would score one goal, which led the match throughout to extra time until it went on penalty-shootout. Having been ups and down in the first team at the start of the season, Caddis came on as a substitute in the 68th minutes for David Wotherspoon and scored his first goal for the club, in a 2-1 loss against Celtic on 21 September 2013. After making eight appearance for the club this season, Caddis, again, signed a one year contract extension.
Loan Spells.
On 24 November 2011, Caddis joined Scottish Second Division side Arbroath on loan until 5 January 2012. He played his first match for Arbroath just two days later against Airdrie United in a 3–3 away draw. His loan at Arbroath was later extended until the end of the 2011–12 season. In March 2012 proved a impact for Caddis when he scored twice, in a 2-2 draw against East Fife and then made double assist in the next match, on 10 March 2012, as they beat Dumbarton 2-0, to extended their eleven unbeaten games.
He joined Cowdenbeath on loan in January 2013. Caddis scored his on his debut, in a 1-1 draw against Morton. After making three appearance, Manager Steve Lomas initially agreed to let Caddis Cowdenbeath until the end of the season. However, Caddis return to his parent club instead after it took too long for agreement on both parties.
On 20 December 2013, Caddis signed a 28-day loan deal with Alloa Athletic The following day, on 21 December 2013, Caddis made his debut for the club, in a 1-0 loss against Dundee. After making four appearance so far, Caddis had his loan spell was extended until the end of the season on 17 January 2014. Caddis scored his first goal for the club on 5 April 2014, as they beat Dumbarton 4-1.
International Career.
He made his international debut for Scotland U19 in August 2010.
Personal life.
His brothers Paul and Ryan are also footballers.

</doc>
<doc id="31018234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018234" title="Esteban Serrador">
Esteban Serrador

Esteban Serrador (1903-1978) was a Chile actor. He was mainly involved in film production in Argentina. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018248" title="Finn Strømsted">
Finn Strømsted

Finn Strømsted (1925 – 2003) was a Norwegian poet and graphical artist. He made his literary debut in 1956 with the poetry collection "Angelicafløyten". Among his other collections are "Bidevind" from 1961, "Susquehanna Blues" from 1971, and "En fugl har tent meg" from 1995.
He was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="31018254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018254" title="Aarni (given name)">
Aarni (given name)

Aarni is a masculine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31018272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018272" title="Malisa Zini">
Malisa Zini

Malisa Zini (March 5, 1921 – February 26, 1985) was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche", among others such as Cumbres de hidalguía, under director Carlos Schlieper. s

</doc>
<doc id="31018277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018277" title="Novo Horizonte Futebol Clube">
Novo Horizonte Futebol Clube

Novo Horizonte Futebol Clube, commonly known as Novo Horizonte, is a Brazilian football club based in Ipameri, Goiás state. They competed in the Série C and in the Copa do Brasil once.
History.
The club was founded on February 27, 1968. Novo Horizonte won the Campeonato Goiano Second Level in 2007. The club competed in the Série C in 2002, when they were eliminated in the Second Stage of the competition by Anápolis. Novo Horizonte competed in the Copa do Brasil in 2004, when they were eliminated in the First Round by Santo André from São Paulo state.
Stadium.
Novo Horizonte Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Durval Ferreira Franco. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 1,904 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31018280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018280" title="Aarni (disambiguation)">
Aarni (disambiguation)

Aarni is an avant-garde metal band from Finland.
Aarni may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31018310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018310" title="María Esther Podestá">
María Esther Podestá

María Esther Podestá (1896–1983) was an Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018325" title="Liu Limin">
Liu Limin

Liu Limin (; born March 27, 1976) is a former swimmer from China who won the silver medal in the 100m butterfly at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. She attended college at the University of Nevada, Reno in the United States. She was inducted into the university's athletic hall of fame in 2010. Limin Liu won three NCAA individual championships during her career, winning the 200m butterfly at the NCAA Championships in 1999 and the 100m and 200m fly in 2000. She holds school and Big West Conference records in the 100m and 200m fly. A three-time All-American, Liu was named the Big West Swimmer of the Year in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="31018326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018326" title="2011 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad">
2011 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad

The 2011 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad took place on 26 February 2011. It was the 66th edition of the international classic Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. This year's Omloop started and ended at St. Peter's Square in Ghent, Belgium and spanned 203 kilometers in the province of East Flanders. The race was the first 1.HC event in the 2011 UCI World Ranking.
This year's edition of the race featured more cobblestones when compared to previous editions, as it crossed a 2 kilometer cobblestone section three times. Former rider and race organizer Peter Van Petegem also decreased the number of climbs from twelve to nine, notably omitting the infamous Muur van Geraardsbergen. According to the race organization, the race course was "slightly tough overall".
Rabobank's Sebastian Langeveld (NED) beat Team Sky's Juan Antonio Flecha of Spain after a breakaway of 53 kilometers. Langeveld beat Flecha in a two-man sprint under wet and cold conditions. The other pre-race favourites Tom Boonen, Stijn Devolder and Thor Hushovd finished 5 minutes after Langeveld.
Teams.
As this was a UCI 1.HC event, the organizers, the Flanders Classics Federation, were allowed to invite UCI ProTeams (max 80% of the total field), UCI Professional Continental teams, and UCI Continental teams.
Non ProTeams teams are indicated by an asterisk below. Each of the 22 teams were permitted up to eight riders, for a total of 176 riders.
Pre-Race Favorites.
Pre-race favorites included:
Classics riders Fabian Cancellara and Heinrich Haussler decided to skip the race in order to focus on three of cycling's monuments: Milan – San Remo, Tour of Flanders, and Paris–Roubaix.
Race Overview.
The race started at about 11:45 AM Central European Time with 173 riders under wet and cold conditions. 
A breakaway of eight riders gained a maximum of 8 minutes and 30 seconds over the peloton. At about 65 kilometers to go, pre-race favorite Tom Boonen attacked the peloton on the Taaienberg climb - also known as the Boonenberg. Boonen was quickly chased down by World Champion Thor Hushovd. At this time the peloton was 38 seconds behind the breakaway. With 55 kilometers remaining, the last riders from the breakaway were caught. At this point, eventual race winner Sebastian Langeveld attacked solo on the Eikenberg climb. With 37 kilometers remaining, Langeveld held a minute advantage to a group of ten riders that included Juan Antonio Flecha, Matthew Hayman, Luca Paolini, Niki Terpstra, Martijn Maaskant, Manuel Quinziato, Jurgen Roelandts, Lars Boom, Frédéric Amorison, and John Degenkolb and held a two minute advantage to many of the pre-race favorites.
Juan Antonio Flecha (ESP), taking advantage of a crash between Luca Paolini and Martijn Maaskant, attacked on the Paddestraat to chase after solo leader Langeveld. When Flecha came within 13 seconds of Langeveld, Langeveld waited for the Spaniard. The duo started working together with 13 kilometers to go. Fearing a sprint finish with Langeveld, Flecha attacked with 5 kilometers to go, however, Langeveld quickly responded. With the finish line in sight, Langeveld opened up the sprint and beat Flecha by centimeters. Flecha's Team Sky teammate, Matthew Hayman, won the sprint for third place, as many of the race favorites finished 5 minutes behind.
Race Radios Protest.
The UCI introduced a ban on radio communication between team management and riders at all races (besides those belonging to the UCI World Tour) starting January 1, 2011. Because the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad is an 1.HC event, riders planned to protest the ban by wearing earpieces at the start of the race. 
The planned protest was called off by the AIGCP after the UCI threatened to remove the UCI race commissaries from the race. This would have cancelled the race since commissaries are required for the race's insurance policies. 
A protest was previously executed at Challenge Mallorca's Trofeo Palma Mallorca race on February 6, 2011. The UCI commissaries refused to officiate the race, however the race continued. Tyler Farrar's win was not entered into the UCI's record books.

</doc>
<doc id="31018335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018335" title="Lalo Hartich">
Lalo Hartich

Lalo Hartich was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Arroz con leche" under director Carlos Schlieper.

</doc>
<doc id="31018336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018336" title="Sts. Constantine and Helen Serbian Orthodox Church">
Sts. Constantine and Helen Serbian Orthodox Church

The Saints Constantine and Helen Serbian Orthodox Church () is a Serbian Orthodox church located in Galveston, Texas, USA. It is a parish of the Serbian Orthodox Diocese of New Gracanica - Midwestern America.
History.
The eastern orthodox community had existed in the port city of Galveston since 1861 as the parish of Saints Constantine and Helen. By the late 1800s a group of Serbs, Greeks, and Russians appealed to the Holy Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church in St. Petersburg, Russia, and Tsar Nicholas II for a church. The Tsar approved the establishment of a church and in 1895 construction began. The building was finished in 1896 and consecration took place on the feast day of Saint Constantine and Saint Helen. Tsar Nicholas II also personally donated icons for the Iconostasis, a gospel book, and a number of sacred vessels. The first priest assigned to the new church was Archimandrite Theoclitos (Triantafilides). Services were originally held in Greek, Russian and Serbian; however, in 1933 the Greek members of the church voted create a "daughter parish" of Sts. Constantine and Helen and operate it under the Greek Orthodox Church, naming their new church Assumption of the Virgin Mary Greek Orthodox Church.
Saints Constantine and Helen Serbian Orthodox Church was the first Serbian Orthodox church in the state and its parish is the oldest Orthodox parish in Texas. The church also holds the distinction of being the second oldest Serbian Orthodox church in the United States.
Notable clergy.
Galveston native, Metropolitan Bishop Christopher Kovacevich of the Metropolitanate of Libertyville-Chicago, was born and raised as a member of Saints Constantine and Helen church. As an adult and Metropolitan, he would frequently return to the city and preside at church weddings and baptisms.

</doc>
<doc id="31018340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018340" title="Annals of Applied Probability">
Annals of Applied Probability

Its 2009 MCQ was 1.02, and its 2009 impact factor was 1.130.

</doc>
<doc id="31018341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018341" title="Bill Fowler">
Bill Fowler

Bill Fowler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31018346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018346" title="John Jacob, 1st Baronet of Bromley">
John Jacob, 1st Baronet of Bromley

Sir John Jacob, 1st Baronet of Bromley (–1666), was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and 1641. He supported the Royalist side in the English Civil War.
Jacob was the son of Abraham Jacob of Gamlingay, Cambridgeshire and his wife Mary Rogers daughter of Francis Rogers of Dartford. He matriculated at Merton College, Oxford on 17 January 1617, aged 19 and was awarded BA on 6 February 1617. He became a farmer of customs in the Port of London . He was knighted on 8 May 1633 and in 1634 purchased an estate at Bromley St Leonards.
In April 1640, Jacob was elected Member of Parliament for Harwich in the Short Parliament. He was elected MP for Rye for the Long Parliament in November 1640. However he was expelled in 1641 as a tobacco monopolist. He supported the Royalist cause and his lands were sequestered. 
On the restoration he regained his office and was created a baronet of Bromley in the County of Middlesex on 11 January 1665. 
Jacob died aged about 69 and was buried on 13 March 1666 at Bromley. He built almshouses at Gaminglay and left money to the parish to support them.
Jacob married firstly Elizabeth Halliday, daughter of John Halliday and granddaughter of Sir Leonard Holliday. They had two sons who died before him, and a daughter Susanna who married Sir Richard Wingfield Bt. He married secondly Alice Eaglesfield, widow of John Eaglesfield of London and daughter of Thomas Clowes of London and their son John succeeded in the baronetcy. He married thirdly Elizabeth Ashburnham, daughter of Sir John Ashburnham.

</doc>
<doc id="31018349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018349" title="Felipe Llavallol">
Felipe Llavallol

Felipe Esteban Llavallol (December 26, 1802 — April 4, 1874) was an Argentine merchant, philanthropist, lawmaker and briefly Governor of the secessionist State of Buenos Aires.
Life and times.
Llavallol was born in Buenos Aires to María Gertrudis de Merlo and Jaime Llavallol; the elder Llavallol was a Catalan merchant from Barcelona who had emigrated to Buenos Aires in the 1790s, and Felipe Llavallol joined his father in business. He married the former Martina Monasterio in 1833, and they had seven children. He inherited his father's commercial establishment in 1838 and became one of Buenos Aires' leading businesspeople.
Following the September 11, 1852, declaration of the secessionist State of Buenos Aires, Llavallol held numerous posts in the new government. He was elected to the Lower House of Congress, becoming President of the Chamber, and to the Senate in 1854, serving as its president until 1856. He was appointed Economy Minister and took part in the establishment of the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange in 1854, and served as its first president until August 1855. Named President of the newly established Buenos Aires Western Railway, he presided over the August 30, 1857, inaugural of its first line, designed by British engineer William Bragge.
Elected Vice-Governor in Valentín Alsina's ticket in December 1858, the defeat of Buenos Aires forces by those of the Argentine Confederation at the Battle of Cepeda (1859) led to Confederate President Justo José de Urquiza's demand that Alsina resign, and the more pragmatic Llavallol succeeded Alsina as governor on October 23, 1859.
Governor Llavallol's brief tenure as governor was highlighted by the resulting negotiations, which produced the Pact of San José de Flores and significant concessions toward Buenos Aires. He stepped down on May 3, 1860, upon the legislature's election of Colonel Bartolomé Mitre, who defeated Confederate forces at the 1861 Battle of Pavón and reincorporated Buenos Aires into a unified Argentina.
Llavallol continued his work as a member of the "Comisión Filantrópica" charity organization, and died in Buenos Aires in 1874, at age 71. He was interred in La Recoleta Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="31018352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018352" title="Ally Love">
Ally Love

Alistair "Ally" Love (born 22 August 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Albion Rovers, as a defender.
Career.
Love began his career with St. Mirren, where he also spent a loan spell at Stenhousemuir. On 13 May 2011, Love was informed he would not be offered a new contract at St. Mirren, and would leave the club at the end of the 2010–11 season. In July 2011 he signed a one month contract with East Stirlingshire. He signed for Annan Athletic in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="31018361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018361" title="Hilary Bell (television producer)">
Hilary Bell (television producer)

Hilary Bell (1965–2010) was a pioneer of reality television including Faking It and Wife Swap. Early in her television career, she worked with BBC TV's Watchdog series including working undercover to expose the Hoover Free Flights Promotion. She went on to work with Peter Dale on the BAFTA nominated series, "The System" in 1996, contributing greatly to the success of the series. She also worked for Vets in Practice.
Early life and education.
Hilary Bell was born in Fareham, Hampshire, U.K on August 20, 1965. She attended Rookesbury Park followed by Petworth and Portsmouth High School for Girls. She then attended Trinity College, Cambridge reading law.
Professional Achievements.
Amongst the programs with which she was involved were
Previous to these activities, she was also involved in T.V. journalism such as with Hoover Free Flights Promotion investigation

</doc>
<doc id="31018369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018369" title="Paul Turner Sargent">
Paul Turner Sargent

Paul Turner Sargent (July 23, 1880 – February 7, 1946) was an Illinois artist, known for his Illinois landscapes and various other images from his trips to California, Indianapolis, and Florida. Throughout his career, he was a true outdoorsman who used nature as his canvas and muse for most of his works. As told by his brother, Sam Sargent, he painted from "real scenes in nature." In his lifetime, he painted some seven-thousand sketches and canvases.
Early life.
Before his birth in 1880, his grandfather Stephen Sargent was an early settler to Coles County, Illinois. Paul’s father, John Sargent, was born in the house that Stephen had built when he had moved to Illinois and both men were involved in Illinois agriculture. The house and its surrounding landscape are common images seen in Paul Sargent’s paintings, which represent his passion for his family and Illinois nature.
Born on the family farm in Hutton Township, Coles County, Illinois, John and Maria Anna Turner Sargent welcomed their seventh child, Paul Turner Sargent. As a young child, his schoolteacher, John M. Harlow, who observed his talent as he sketched famous works of art during classes, influenced him. Another influence was his older sister Pearl, who loaned him her oils to paint for amusement during recovery of an injury from jumping from a hayloft on the Sargent farm. From the county school, he went to the Eastern Illinois State Normal School (which is now Eastern Illinois University), where he continued to study art and graduated in 1906. His brother, Sam Sargent, wrote in an unpublished biography of his brother, Paul, that although their mother was concerned with the farm, she wanted to make sure that her children received an education in whatever they wanted. From there, he went to the Art Institute of Chicago, where he was inspired to work with large canvases. Research has found that Sargent painted a few murals around the city of Chicago, including genre scenes of the George Rogers Clark crossing into Illinois at the John M. Smyth school, a second at the Crippled Children’s House of a scene from Robin Hood, and the third at Sherman Park Field House of Captain John Smith landing at Jamestown with colonists.
Brown County Artist.
After coming back to Hutton Township from Chicago, he began to travel for inspiration and find new galleries for his artwork. In 1920, he met Adolph Shulz in Brown County, Indiana, where he joined the well-established Brown County Art Colony. The colony was created in the 1900s for artists who were passionate about scenic landscapes and distinctive qualities of Indiana.
One of his best known works as a Brown County Artist was “Water Boy,” which was a scene of a boy sitting in the shade of a shock of grain in the field. The reproductive rights were bought by Marshall Field and Company to use in a calendar. He also received the Frederick Nelson Vance prize given by the Brown County Galleries Association for the best picture of the year in 1934.
The Brown County artists began to dissipate around the 1940s when other trends in painting began to take over the art world.
Artist and Teacher.
In 1930 Sargent returned to his alma mater, now named Eastern Illinois State Teacher’s College, to teach private art classes to interested students. From 1938 to 1942 he taught landscape painting at the college through extensions courses. Among his students was Ralph Wickiser, a teacher and administrator at Pratt Institute, and Alice Baber, a noted Color Field painter of the 1970s.
Aside from teaching at the Eastern Illinois State Teacher’s College and working on his own career, he took pleasure in private tutoring for student artists. Sargent taught his students many different lessons, from how to keep pigments from stiffening when outdoors in the cold to broad principles of picture making as fundamental to good representation and composition.
Sargent had a flair for landscapes, a passion for the land and nature. His roads and streams are humble, peaceful glances of a place that Sargent once knew in Coles County. Landscape art played a significant role in American art. The earliest landscape paintings were topographic illustrations and then became backgrounds to portraits. Sam discusses his older brother's enthusiasm for the landscape, "His school was all outdoors, nature in the raw….He wanted his scenes to be of nature as she grew without man's help. His trees must be as they grew out in the open and not pampered by man." Sargent resisted modern movements, such as Cubism and abstract art, because as can be seen by his work, he was about the realism of a painting. He believed that in painting nature, a still life or from a model in portrait work, one could learn as much in one lesson as he could in a dozen at copy work. Later on, his work became less representative of nature and his pieces began to take on a more Impressionism style of art.
Works of Arts.
Listed below are the three main categories in which Paul Sargent painted; landscapes, portraits and still life. All listed paintings come from the Tarble Arts Center’s collection of Sargent paintings at Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois.
Landscape
Portrait
Still Life

</doc>
<doc id="31018374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018374" title="Antonio Capuano (actor)">
Antonio Capuano (actor)

Antonio Capuano (died 1963) was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Bólidos de acero" under director Carlos Torres Ríos.

</doc>
<doc id="31018389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018389" title="Bibliography of Canada">
Bibliography of Canada

This is a bibliography of works on Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="31018390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018390" title="Kostas Andriopoulos">
Kostas Andriopoulos

Konstantinos Andriopoulos (Κώστας Ανδριόπουλος) (12 May 1984 – 26 February 2011) was a Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Andriopoulos played for PAOK F.C., Veria F.C. and PAS Giannina.
Death.
Andriopoulos died on 26 February 2011 of leukemia.

</doc>
<doc id="31018391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018391" title="Mark McLennan">
Mark McLennan

Mark McLennan (born 28 April 1991) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a right back. He currently plays for Scottish Junior club Pollok.
Career.
McLennan began his career with St. Mirren, where he also spent a loan spell at Stenhousemuir. On 13 May 2011, McLennan was informed he would not be offered a new contract at St. Mirren, and would leave the club at the end of the 2010-11 season.
He spent two seasons with Irvine Meadow XI before signing for Pollok in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31018392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018392" title="Klébergsskóli">
Klébergsskóli

Klébergsskóli is an elementary school in Reykjavík, Iceland for pupils from the age of 6 until the age of 16, when they finish their elementary studies. 
Klébergsskóli is located on Kjalarnes which is a suburb of Reykjavík and serves pupils from Kjalarnes and Kjós. It is the smallest elementary school in Reykjavík, with only around 150 pupils, in grades 1-10.
History.
Klébergsskóli was founded in 1929, making it the oldest primary school in Reykjavík still in existence, Austurbæjarskóli having opened one year later. 
From 2000 to 2003, an award winning new building was constructed, combining the older buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="31018412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018412" title="Eamonn Maloney">
Eamonn Maloney

Eamonn Maloney (born 1953) is an Irish Labour Party politician. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South–West constituency at the 2011 general election. 
He was a member of South Dublin County Council from 1999 to 2011, representing the Tallaght area. He a former member of Jim Kemmy's Democratic Socialist Party and contested Dublin South–West at the 1987 general election for that party.
In the past he has worked in a factory and been on the dole. He is the only TD in Ireland who claims no expenses, a policy he carried out throughout his twelve years at local level and maintains at national level.
Justifying the cut in unemployment benefit from €144 to €100 per week for young people aged 22 to 24 in the 2014 budget, Maloney said "Parents will tell you that they do not want their children at home watching a flat-screen television seven days a week.".

</doc>
<doc id="31018418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018418" title="Kenny McLean">
Kenny McLean

Kenneth "Kenny" McLean (born 8 January 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership club St. Mirren, as a central midfielder or left midfielder. He is an attack minded player known for his good technique and passing ability, as well as his high work-rate.
McLean started his career at SPL club St. Mirren. He went on loan to Second Division side Arbroath for the second half of the 2009–10 season, before returning to St. Mirren and breaking into the first team. He won the SPL young player of the month award for October 2011.
He has represented Scotland at the under-19 and under-21 international levels.
Club career.
Early life and career.
McLean was born in Rutherglen and attended Cathkin High School in Cambuslang. He played in Rangers' youth squad when he was younger. After being released by them he joined St. Mirren.
Arbroath (loan).
McLean moved on loan from St. Mirren to Second Division club Arbroath in December 2009. Arbroath signed McLean, along with Kilmarnock striker Daniel McKay, to cover for injuries. On 12 December, McLean made his debut for Arbroath in a 4–3 loss to Stirling Albion. Shortly after this match, Arbroath signed McLean's St. Mirren team mate Kyle Faulds on loan. On 10 April, McLean scored his only goal for Arbroath, a penalty kick in a 4–2 loss against Stirling Albion. He made a total of 23 appearances during the second half of the 2009–10 season. Arbroath were relegated to the Third Division at the end of the season, after losing to Forfar Athletic in the relegation play-off. McLean has said that his loan spell at Arbroath helped him develop as a player and also to become more mature.
St. Mirren.
18-year old McLean made his debut on 17 October 2010, coming on as a substitute in a 2–2 draw against Hamilton. St. Mirren were 2–0 down when he came on and their manager, Danny Lennon, thought that they were going to lose anyway so he would bring a youngster on. However, "The Herald" noted that McLean's "drive and energy" lifted St. Mirren and helped them to turn the game around and get a draw. Three days after his debut, McLean made his first start for St. Mirren, in a 3–0 loss to Hearts. Later in the week he signed a three-year contract extension, tying him to the club until 2014. He then made his first home start, in a 1–0 loss to Celtic on 16 November. After this match he thanked his manager for having faith in him and also said that he was amazed by the fact that only six months before he was playing in the Second Division relegation play-off, but was now playing against some of the best players in the country. He went on to make a total of 23 appearances during the 2010–11 season.
"Sky Sports" said that during the 2011–12 season McLean had begun to emerge as one of the top young talents in the SPL. His first game of the season was on 6 August, in a 1–1 draw against Dundee United, where he came on as an 80th minute substitute. His first start came a week later in a 1–0 loss to Motherwell. McLean then played regularly in the first team over the next few months and was in excellent form. He scored his first senior goal in a 1–0 win over St. Johnstone on 29 October and was rewarded with the SPL Young Player of the Month award for October 2011. After this, team-mate Gary Teale said that he thought McLean was very similar to former Rangers and Scotland captain Barry Ferguson, and that he thought McLean would have a brilliant future in the game. In the weeks leading up to his award, McLean had been watched by English Championship clubs Burnley and Crystal Palace, with Celtic also reportedly interested in him. Lennon encouraged interest from other clubs, saying that he took it as a compliment to McLean's development. But he also said that he would not consider selling McLean in the near future and expressed his delight at the fact that he had already signed McLean on a long-term contract. On 19 November, McLean scored his second goal for St. Mirren, in a 2–1 win over Dunfermline Athletic. He then scored St. Mirren's first goal, on 10 December, as they came from behind to secure a 2–2 draw against Aberdeen. McLean was one of the four players nominated for the SPL young Player of the Year Award. In January 2014 it was announced that McLean would be out-of-action for 6 weeks following knee surgery.
On 2 July 2014 it was announced that McLean had a signed a two-year contract extension with the club, following much speculation that he would leave the club in the summer.
International career.
McLean earned his first call-up for Scotland under-19 squad in October 2010, coming on as a 58th minute substitute in a 4–2 win over Norway.
In March 2011, he was then called up to the under-21 team. Making his debut, again from the bench, as Scotland beat Belgium 1–0. He was not selected for the Scotland under-21 team to play in a 2013 European Under-21 Football Championship qualification match against the Netherlands on 14 November 2011. St. Mirren manager Danny Lennon expressed his surprise at McLean being left out of the squad. "The Herald" said that this was understandable given that he was "among the on-form midfielders of his age group" at the time.
Style of play.
McLean's favoured position is as a central midfielder, but he can also play as a left midfielder. He has said that he favours playing in the centre because he can get more of the ball and influence play more than when he is on the left. He is a naturally attacking player and when playing in the centre he makes runs to and beyond the striker which adds an extra dimension to his team's play.
Former Scotland international, and McLean's teammate at St. Mirren, Gary Teale has compared him to Barry Ferguson. Teale said that McLean had shown incredible maturity at such a young age and that from their first training session together he could see McLean's talent. McLean has an excellent first touch and is also very composed and assured on the ball. McLean also has very high energy, work rate and athleticism which enable him to make lots of attacking runs. McLean's manager at St. Mirren, Danny Lennon, said that he thought McLean was an excellent passer and that he could "open a tin of beans" with his left foot and was also decent with his right. Lennon also said that McLean was a rare type of Scottish player because he was always looking for a 'slide-rule' pass and he was actually capable of delivering them.

</doc>
<doc id="31018434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018434" title="Getter Jaani">
Getter Jaani

Getter Jaani (born 3 February 1993 in Tallinn) is an Estonian Pop singer. She represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the entry "Rockefeller Street".
Career.
Getter was born and raised in Tallinn where she continues her studies to become a tailor-stylist. She also takes acting classes by Kaari Sillamaa who has written the Estonian lyrics for the Estonian Eurovision entries of 1996 ("Kaelakee hääl") and 1999 ("Diamond of Night").
Jaani became publicly known in Estonia as a participant in the Estonian version of Pop Idol "Eesti otsib superstaari" season 3. She finished fourth and her performance gained her role of Sharpay Evans in "High School Musical" in Tallinn. In 2013 she was playing the role of Sandy in the musical "Grease". She has also taken part as herself in a TV series "Riigimehed" aired on ETV.
In 2011 Jaani participated as a celebrity contestant on the fifth season of "Tantsud tähtedega", an Estonian version of "Dancing with the Stars". Her professional dancing parner was Ott-Sander Palm.
She represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the entry "Rockefeller Street" coming in 24th place in the final. 
On 26 May, she presented the scores on behalf of Estonia for the grand-finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 held in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The single "Kes on süüdi" was the first, released by Jaani, in death-metal style. The music video shows Getter, playing with the band in a dark room and in dark metal-clothes. The song and the video were released for a joke at the Eesti Laul 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31018436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018436" title="Graeme Ramage">
Graeme Ramage

Graeme Ramage (born 28 August 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Scottish Junior club Arthurlie, as a midfielder.
Career.
Born in Alexandria, Ramage began his career with Scottish Premier League club St. Mirren, before signing with Dumbarton in July 2011. 
On 4 July 2012, he signed a one year contract for Annan Athletic. After suffering a knee injury in January 2013, he was then released by Annan at the end of the season.
On 5 March 2014, Ramage signed for Junior club Arthurlie.

</doc>
<doc id="31018461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018461" title="Friedrich Allmacher">
Friedrich Allmacher

Friedrich "Fritz" Allmacher (3 December 1914 – 26 December 1944) was a highly decorated Major der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Friedrich Allmacher was killed on 26 December 1944 near Berzi, Latvia, in the Courland Pocket.

</doc>
<doc id="31018466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018466" title="Azerbaijani independence referendum, 1991">
Azerbaijani independence referendum, 1991

An independence referendum was held in Azerbaijan on 29 December 1991. The result was 99.8% in favour, with turnout reported to be 95.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="31018469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018469" title="Conor Ramsay">
Conor Ramsay

Conor Ramsay (born 9 March 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Arthurlie in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region. He is a former Scotland youth international and has previously played in the Scottish Premier League for St. Mirren.
Career.
A midfielder, Ramsay started his career with hometown team St. Mirren. He made five appearances in the Scottish Premier League under the management of Gus MacPherson at the age of sixteen while also featuring for the Scotland U17 international team. Injury restricted his progress at St. Mirren and Ramsay moved to rivals Greenock Morton in July 2011.
After his release by Morton in May 2012, Ramsay joined Junior side Johnstone Burgh before moving on to Arthurlie in July 2013. 
He is now involved with former club St. Mirren as a community development officer.

</doc>
<doc id="31018476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018476" title="Anti-Gaddafi forces">
Anti-Gaddafi forces

The anti-Gaddafi forces were Libyan groups that opposed and militarily defeated the government of Muammar Gaddafi, killing him in the process. These opposition forces included organised and armed militia groups, participants in the Libyan civil war, Libyan diplomats who switched their allegiance from the Gaddafi-led government, and Libyan military units that switched sides to support the protestors.
Political opposition.
The following is a list of groups who self-proclaimed opposition to the rule of Gaddafi:
Armed opposition.
Command and control.
On 5 March 2011, opposition forces radio in Benghazi announced the creation of the National Transitional Council, a political body with 33 representatives from most Libyan regions. The Chairman of the Council is Mustafa Abdul Jalil, Abdul Hafiz Ghoga is the Vice-Chairman, and Mahmoud Jibril is the Chairman of the Executive Board. Omar El-Hariri was the head of military affairs until May 2011. Then later that month the position was renamed to Minister of Defense and Jalal al-Digheily was assigned to that position. On 8 August 2011, Jalala along with 14 other members of the Executive Board were fired and the position left vacant, but was reappointed in early October 2011 after continuing in the role of interim defense minister for almost two months.
The Commander-in-Chief was General Abdul Fatah Younis until his death in July 2011. Suleiman Mahmoud, Younis's top lieutenant, replaced him as army commander. Colonel Khalifa Belqasim Haftar is another top military commander. The army is organized into brigades, with rebel fighters bearing identity cards.
Weapons and vehicles.
The Libyan opposition was mainly using vehicles and weapons captured from government forces or depots. The opposition had only had access to T-55 tanks and a very small amount of T-72 tanks captured during the Second Battle of Benghazi. News coverage commonly showed rebels driving ordinary cars and technicals near battle areas. On 9 March 2011, a report from the International Institute for Strategic Studies said: “Apart from a few mechanized units in Benghazi and Tobruk, and a few armored battalions near Bayda, rebel-controlled areas lack any substantial hardware with which to take on the pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Tripoli." However, two fighter jets defected from Gaddafi and joined the rebels and were used during the Battle of Ajdabiya and damaged an armed oiler tanker and possibly two others. They also gained several helicopters from defected units based in Benghazi, these aircraft forming the Free Libyan Air Force. One of these aircraft, a Soviet-made MiG-23BN, was shown having been shot down in a friendly fire incident over Benghazi after it was mistaken for an enemy aircraft.
They had also captured a large number of ZU-23-2 and ZPU anti-aircraft guns, as well as rocket propelled grenades, KPV 14.5mm Dshk machine guns, FN FAL, F2000 and AK-47 rifles, and FN MAG, AA-52 and PK machine guns. Britain sent 5,000 sets of body armor, 6,650 uniforms and communication equipment to police in rebel-held areas.
In addition to conventional and improvised weapons, there was a surprising amount of sophistication among rebel equipment, with some even fashioning unmanned ground vehicles from remote-controlled toy cars and the like.
Human rights violations.
The government of Chad asked the NATO coalition forces to protect its citizens in rebel-held areas of Libya. The Chadian government claims that dozens of its citizens have been executed after being accused of being mercenaries for Gaddafi.

</doc>
<doc id="31018481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018481" title="Tocantins Esporte Clube (TO)">
Tocantins Esporte Clube (TO)

Tocantins Esporte Clube, commonly known as Tocantins, is a Brazilian football club based in Miracema do Tocantins, Tocantins state.
History.
The club was founded on March 10, 1993. They competed several times in the Campeonato Tocantinense, the first one being in 1993, and the last one was in 2007. They finished as runner-ups in the 1994 edition.
Stadium.
Tocantins Esporte Clube play their home games at Castanheirão. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 2,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="31018482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018482" title="Magbema">
Magbema

Magbema is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 67,211. Its principal town is Kambia.

</doc>
<doc id="31018483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018483" title="Bu Ashira">
Bu Ashira

Bu Ashira is a neighborhood of Manama, Bahrain. 

</doc>
<doc id="31018485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018485" title="Bu Ghazal">
Bu Ghazal

Bu Ghazal is a neighborhood of Manama, Bahrain. 

</doc>
<doc id="31018486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018486" title="Gufool">
Gufool

Gufool is a neighborhood of the city of Manama, in Bahrain. The area is most famous for having a water garden. 

</doc>
<doc id="31018489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018489" title="Mahooz">
Mahooz

Mahooz is a neighborhood of Manama, Bahrain. The grave and shrine of the 13th century Shia theologian Maitham Al Bahrani is located in Mahooz.

</doc>
<doc id="31018491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018491" title="Salmaniya">
Salmaniya

Salmaniya is a neighborhood of Manama, Bahrain that houses the largest hospital in Bahrain, Salmaniya Medical Complex (SMC)other private hospitals operate within the vicinity such as the Royal Bahrain Hospital[http://royalbahrainhospital.com/.
The neighborhood also houses many residential flats and apartments, as well as having many local supermarkets in the vicinity.[http://www.treobiz.ae/newsletters/babasons/oct/index.html]

</doc>
<doc id="31018497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018497" title="The Star Witness">
The Star Witness

The Star Witness (1931) is an all-talking pre-code crime drama feature film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by William A. Wellman. The film stars Walter Huston, Frances Starr, Grant Mitchell, and Chic Sale. "The Star Witness" was nominated for an Academy Award at the 5th Academy Awards for Best Story.
Plot.
The Leeds family consists of two adult children, their two young brothers, their parents, and Grandpa Summerill, a feisty retired soldier visiting from the old soldiers' home. Hearing a commotion outside, most of them go to the windows and witness gangster "Maxey" Campo murdering two men. Campo enters the house, assaults Grandpa for confronting him, threatens the family with harm if they talk, and flees by the back exit.
District Attorney Whitlock wants to make an example of Campo. The Leedses are naive about the danger to themselves and happy to cooperate, and Campo is arrested on the basis of their information. Whitlock's assistant plans to put the witnesses in protective custody in jail once Campo is indicted, but the gang acts faster. Pa Leeds is kidnapped and, after he rejects a bribe for the family to recant their identification of Campo, is badly beaten and dumped beside a road. Pa is well enough to stay at home, and Whitlock confines the whole family to their house for their protection. But they now disagree about whether to go through with their testimony.
On the day of Campo's indictment hearing, the youngest boy, Donny, does not want to miss playing in a baseball game. He slips out of the house, but never gets to the game. The family receives a phone call from the gang, threatening Donny's life if they identify Campo at the hearing. Grandpa still considers it his patriotic duty as an American to tell the truth, but now he is the only one.
Only the exchange where the phone call originated is known. The police conduct a massive house-to-house search for Donny in that area — while Grandpa slips away and begins his own search. Meanwhile, Whitlock has to present the witnesses against Campo. Even when threatened with perjury charges, one by one the family members lie and say they aren't sure or don't remember. And Grandpa, the star witness Whitlock could count on, is nowhere to be found.
Killing time in the apartment where he is being held, Donny starts showing one of his captors a baseball pitch, when he hears Grandpa's fife outside. He throws the baseball through the window and calls out. Grandpa eventually convinces the police of what is happening, and after a gun battle, Donny is rescued. Whitlock is informed and the judge, who was about to dismiss the indictment, delays the hearing until Grandpa arrives. Delighting in his moment, Grandpa boldly identifies Campo, makes a short speech about Americans' patriotic duty to stand up to "any dang dirty foreigner" criminals, trips Campo off his feet in retaliation for the earlier assault, and then declares he is ready to begin his testimony.
A newspaper headline tells us that Campo has been executed. Grandpa returns to the old soldiers' home.

</doc>
<doc id="31018522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018522" title="Mario Šitum">
Mario Šitum

Mario Šitum, (; born 4 April 1992 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Lokomotiva in the Prva HNL.
Šitum's senior career began when he was promoted from the Dinamo Academy to the first team in 2011, making his first-team debut in the same year in a 3-0 win over Czech side Sigma Olomouc. On the 19 February 2011 he started and played 75 minutes in a friendly against NK Istra 1961, which Dinamo won 4-3 at the newly renovated Stadion Aldo Drosina in Pula. His first league appearance came on the 26 February 2011 in Dinamo's game against Karlovac. Šitum started the match and scored in the 12th minute, a goal which turned out to be the game winner. Šitum started on a high note in the 2011-12 season, scoring the fourth goal in a 5-0 win against NK Karlovac, and then scoring twice in a 4-0 win against NK Osijek. He scored again in the next round, netting the only goal in a win against NK Lučko.
Internationally, Šitum scored his first goals for the Croatia under 21 side, during qualification for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship in the match against Liechtenstein, 0n the tenth of October where Šitum scored the first two goals in a four nil win.

</doc>
<doc id="31018524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018524" title="Hood County Courthouse Historic District">
Hood County Courthouse Historic District

The Hood County Courthouse Historic District in Granbury, Hood County, Texas encompasses 12 acres of land and 12 contributing properties. The principal building in and the focal point of the district is the historic Hood County Courthouse built in 1890-1891. Other major buildings include the 1885 Hood County Jailhouse, the 1885 First National Bank Building, the 1891 building which now houses the Hood County News, the 1893 Aston-Landers Saloon Building, the 1893 Nutt Brothers Building and the 1886 Granbury Opea House. 
On June 5, 1974, the district was added to the National Register of Historic Places. The nomination form called it "one of the most complete nineteenth century courthouse squares in Texas."
Hood County Courthouse.
The historic Hood County Courthouse is located in the block bounded by East Bridge Street on the north, North Crockett Street on the east, East Pearl Street on the south and North Houston Street on the west and has an entrance on each side except the north one. It is the fifth courthouse building to occupy this site and was built of Brazos limestone by contractors Moodie and Ellis between 1890 and 1891. It was designed in the Second Empire style by noted Texas courthouse architect Wesley Clark Dodson of Waco (1829-1914). The building features 3 main stories plus an attic floor under an elaborate mansard roof system. The imposing 3-story central clock tower completed after the rest of the building required reinforcement in 1969. In 2000 the exterior of the building was restored. In 2008 a grant was received to restore the interior including restoring the district courtroom to its original 2-story configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="31018538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018538" title="Marc-Antoine Goulard">
Marc-Antoine Goulard

Biography.
Marc-Antoine Goulard is a French American artist, born in 1964 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, who defends abstract lyric painting. He began his career as a classical musician then as a painter. He lives between Paris, London et New-York.
Musician.
Marc-Antoine Goulard learned the piano from the age of 4 years old then start to play the flute at 9 years old. He studied the flute and composition at the conservatory of music of Rueil-Malmaison then graduated with honor at the conservatory in Paris to become a concertist.
Marc-Antoine arrived in America in 1985 to take up the saxophone and continued his studies in jazz composition at the prestigious Berklee college of Music . However while music, with its foundation of tone and composition, provided him the means for expression, it would ultimately be in painting that Goulard found his creative voice.
Painter.
Marc-Antoine Goulard discovered painting in May 1988 and received a residency at the Josef Albers and Anni Foundation in Bethany, Connecticut.
Art critic Nicholas Fox Weber, biographer and director of an art foundation, he recognized the quality of Marc-Antoine Goulard's 
The social platform Saatchi Online exhibit the creative envinroment and portfolio of Marc-Antoine Goulard.
Among many galleries Marc-Antoine Goulard's paintings are permanently showed at the following ones: Gallery William Turner in Los Angeles, galerie Brissot (rue de Verneuil) Paris, gallery Ruth Morpeth in New Jersey, gallery Cynthia Drennon in Santa Fe and the gallery Cynthia Corbett in London - The Minster Gallery Limited - London - Bruno Framont - Connecticut, USA. Gallery " 174 Faubourg " Paris, France.
His monotypes are printed and published with the Editions Jacques Berville in Arpaillargues.
He has been chosen as the French artist for the cultural year France - Russia 2010.
Marc-Antoine Goulard has also been the patron in 2005 for the association "Tous les enfants ont des droits" where his paintings have been disseminate at the Sénat (France).

</doc>
<doc id="31018540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018540" title="Samu, Sierra Leone">
Samu, Sierra Leone

Samu is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 56,857. Its principal town is Kychum.

</doc>
<doc id="31018564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018564" title="Nikolay Gamaleya">
Nikolay Gamaleya

Nikolay Fyodorovich Gamaleya (; ; – 29 March 1949) was a Ukrainian physician and scientist who played a pioneering role in microbiology and vaccine research in the Russian Empire and the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Ukrainian by ethnicity, Gamaleya was born in Odessa, then part of the Russian Empire. He graduated from Odessa's Novorossiysky University (now Odessa University) in 1880 and the St. Petersburg Military Medical Academy (now the S. M. Kirov Military Medical Academy) in 1883. He became a respected hospital physician in his native Odessa afterward.
Gamaleya worked in Louis Pasteur's laboratory in France in 1886. Following Pasteur's model after his return, he joined Ilya Mechnikov in organizing an Odessa bacteriological station for rabies vaccination studies and research on combating cattle plague and cholera, diagnosing sputum for tuberculosis, and preparing anthrax vaccines. The Odessa Bacteriological Institute became Russia's first-ever bacteriological observation station.
Despite the poor facilities and the small staff, the scientists were able to succeed in figuring out the conditions under which the rabies vaccination was most effective. Gamaleya's proposal for using killed bacilli in anti-cholera vaccines was later successfully applied on a wide scale as well. Similar stations were soon founded in Kiev (1886), Yekaterinoslav (1897), and Chernigov (1897).
After defending his 1892 dissertation on the etiology of cholera (published in 1893), Gamaleya served as director of the Odessa Bacteriological Institute in 1896-1908. Reporting of the lysis of "Bacillus anthracis" bacteria by a transmissible "ferment" in 1898, Gamaleya was the discoverer of the bacteria-destroying antibodies known as bacteriolysins.
Gamaleya initiated a public health campaign of exterminating rats to fight the plague in Odessa and southern Russia and pointed to the louse as the carrier of typhus. In 1910-1913, Gamaleya edited the journal "Gigiena i sanitaria" ("Hygiene and Medicine").
Gamaleya's later work, including organizing the supply and distribution of smallpox vaccines for the Red Army, made strides toward the eventual eradication of smallpox in the USSR. 
The author of more than 300 academic publications on bacteriology, Gamaleya was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR and the USSR Academy of Medical Sciences. He also served as head of the All-Union Society of Microbiologists, Epidemiologists and Infectionists.
The highly regarded Gamaleya's state honors included two Lenin Orders, the Order of the Red Banner of Labour, and the 1943 State Stalin Prize.
Gamaleya died in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="31018572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018572" title="Mambolo">
Mambolo

Mambolo is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 33,825. Its principal town is Mambolo.

</doc>
<doc id="31018576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018576" title="Robert Lehrman">
Robert Lehrman

Robert A. Lehrman is an American novelist, commentator, speechwriter, Democratic aide, and teacher. 
Former White House Chief Speechwriter for Vice President Al Gore (1993–95), Lehrman has written six books including several award-winning novels, and thousands of speeches for Democratic politicians, corporate and nonprofit CEOs, and celebrities. He is perhaps best known for his non-fiction book, The Political Speechwriter’s Companion: A Guide for Writers and Speakers, a systematic look at the techniques and strategies of modern political speech.
Professional Background.
Lehrman frequently writes and speaks about politics and speech. He is a contributor to AOLNews, and has appeared in the "Washington Post", "New York Times", Politico, "Christian Science Monitor" and other periodicals. 
A long-time Adjunct Professor at American University, Lehrman teaches public speaking and created AU’s course on political speechwriting which he co-teaches with Professor Eric Schnure. Along with American University Professor Leonard Steinhorn, he co-founded the commentary site, PunditWire.
In 2010, American University named Lehrman its Adjunct Professor of the Year, one of only 5 all-university awards given by the school.
Lehrman graduated from Tufts University, and received an MFA from the University of Iowa Writer’s Workshop, where he studied with Richard Yates and Kurt Vonnegut. After Iowa he taught at Muscatine (IA) Community College. He then worked as a campaign organizer and later speechwriter for Governor Dan Walker (D-IL). 
He also worked as a speechwriter for Governor Hugh Carey (D-NY), then for the CEO and other officers of Texaco before moving to Washington DC where he worked for Senator Lloyd Bentsen, and Majority Whips William H. Gray and David Bonior before moving to the White House where he wrote over 250 speeches for Gore and edited about the same number, before beginning his own business, Lehrman Communications, in 1996.
Works.
Lehrman’s most recent book, The Political Speechwriter’s Companion (CQPress 2009), draws on almost two hundred examples taken mostly from American political speeches to demonstrate how one structure and what he calls the LAWS of political speech – language, anecdote, wit, and support – can be effective in almost any political setting. In chapters that include speeches and excerpts annotated to show how each technique works, Lehrman analyzes how to be effective, whether on the stump, on the floor, or in ceremonial speeches ranging from commencements to eulogies to keynotes. He presents an original way to close speeches that has been compared to what Alan Monroe did for the motivated sequence. 
The book has won praise from a wide and bipartisan assortment of politicians, journalists, and academics, including former Republican Senator from Maine William Cohen, who said of the book, said, “what Strunk & White’s "The Elements of Style" is to the written word, Bob Lehrman’s book is to the spoken one.”
From 1980 through 1993 Lehrman also wrote 4 novels, three for young adults and one for grownups. Those include:
Other publication by Lehrman include articles, reviews, and short stories under own name in a wide range of publications—the "New York Times", "WomenSports", "St. Louis Post-Dispatch", "Illinois Times", "Public Relations Journal", "Transatlantic Review", "Louisville Review", "Tufts Magazine" and many others. Documentary scripts include Bradley Whitford's narration for Alliance for Justice award-winning 2007 film, Quiet Revolution.
Selected Articles.
State of the Union: The crafting of a speech (Christian Science Monitor cover story, January 2011)
Friends, Romans, Countrymen (Tufts Magazine cover story, Summer 2010)
Richard Yates Remembered (From The Workshop: Seven Decades of the Iowa Writers' Workshop (Hyperion, 1999))
Interviews.
Interview with Mark Ragan of Ragan Communications for its Social Media Leadership Series.

</doc>
<doc id="31018583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018583" title="Spes Spartans Catania">
Spes Spartans Catania

Spes Spartans Catania are an Italian rugby league team based in Catania, Sicily.
History.
They were formed in 2010 in the new Italian Rugby League Championship competition, where they finished 3rd.
2010 Squad.
Coach:

</doc>
<doc id="31018587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018587" title="Patrick O'Donovan">
Patrick O'Donovan

Patrick O'Donovan (born 21 March 1977) is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick constituency at the 2011 general election. He was a member of Limerick County Council for the Newcastle electoral area from 2003 to 2011.
In January 2014 he called for "tougher controls on the use of open source internet browsers and payment systems" which he claimed allowed users to remain anonymous in the illegal trade of drugs, weapons and pornography.

</doc>
<doc id="31018591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018591" title="Musiqq">
Musiqq

Musiqq () are an Latvian duo which formed in 2009. On February 23, 2011, they won the Latvian national selection for Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Germany with song "Angel in Disguise".
Musiqq consists of Marats Ogļezņevs (June 28, 1983) and Emīls Balceris (July 7, 1992). Several Musiqq songs "Klimata kontrole", "Abrakadabra" and "Dzimšanas diena" have become radio hits in Latvia. Marats Ogļezņevs was previously known as a song-writer and singer in hip-hop act Device.

</doc>
<doc id="31018596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018596" title="Niwango">
Niwango


</doc>
<doc id="31018599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018599" title="Sefer Daja">
Sefer Daja

Sefer Daja (Tirana, 1897 - 1977, Tirana) was the head figure in Bejte nga Sefer Daja in the book of Haxhi Deliu.
He was well known as the public toilet cleaner in Tirana that died of hunger.
Background.
Sefer Daja was born in Tirana in 1897 and died in 1977 in Tirana. He came from a poor family, but before 1945 he had a piece of land and a house. After this period he was seized everything he had by the communist. Poverty was his companion for many years, until his death. With no school he initially worked as an igniter of the fires in undertaking woodwork "Misto Mame". After that he worked until his death public toilets cleaner Tirana, but more was scheduled opposite the cinema "Partizan" s and the way of Elbasan. Residents of the capital city longstanding know everyone. His mot often do to keep up his stomach with laughter, mot that ironizonin everything. Sefer Daja sat alone all his life spent time suffering extreme poverty. There were family Sulës Myslym native of Tirana, who lives in the path of "Xhafa" home that has received the following bejtexhiun poor. They had no blood relationship with sepher, but simply giving a little help family warmth. When Sefer uncle died in 1977 was the eldest son of the family, Ali, who took over all the expenses for funeral lunches.
Books.
He got the key figure in books:

</doc>
<doc id="31018614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018614" title="Deutsche Mathematik">
Deutsche Mathematik

Deutsche Mathematik (German mathematics) was a mathematics journal founded by Ludwig Bieberbach and Theodor Vahlen in 1936. It is also the name of a movement closely associated with the journal whose aim was to promote "German mathematics" and eliminate "Jewish influence", similar to the Deutsche Physik movement. As well as articles on mathematics, it also published controversial articles giving the Nazi viewpoint on the relation between mathematics and race (though these political articles mostly disappeared after the first two volumes). As a result of this many mathematics libraries outside Germany did not subscribe to it, so copies of the journal can be hard to find. This caused some problems in Teichmüller theory, as Oswald Teichmüller published several of his foundational papers in the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="31018636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018636" title="Gbinle Dixing">
Gbinle Dixing

Gbinle Dixing is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 19,569. Its principal town is Tawaya.

</doc>
<doc id="31018644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018644" title="John Harrell">
John Harrell

John Robert Harrell (born November 27, 1947) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the San Francisco Giants in 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="31018646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018646" title="Gamaleya">
Gamaleya

Gamaleya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31018661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018661" title="Saudi Post">
Saudi Post

The Ministry of Post, Telegraph and Telephone () functioning under the brand name Saudi Post (Arabic: البريد السعودي), is a government operated postal system in Saudi Arabia; it is generally referred to within kingdom as "Bareed".
An efficient postal network now covers all the cities and villages of the Kingdom, with 478 main and 180 branch post offices.
In 2006, 858.1 million pieces of post were handled by a network of governmental and private post offices.
Saudi Post has evolved through two main phases. The first phase being the establishment of Saudi Arabia and the second the establishment of post by the late King Abdul Aziz bin Abdul Rahman Al-Saud.

</doc>
<doc id="31018662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018662" title="Masungbala">
Masungbala

Masungbala is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 28,502. Its principal town is Kawulia.

</doc>
<doc id="31018665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018665" title="Night music">
Night music

Night music can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31018667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018667" title="Nina Radojčić">
Nina Radojčić

Danica Radojčić (; ; born 5 August 1989), professionally known by her nickname Nina (Нина), is a Serbian singer. She represented Serbia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "Čaroban", composed by Kristina Kovač, and placed the fourteenth in the final.
Life and career.
Early life and career (1989–2010).
Nina was born as Danica Radojčić on 5 August 1989 in Belgrade (Yugoslavia then, Serbia now). She has an older brother, Stefan. Nina began playing the piano aged six, and also attended dance classes. She finished both elementary and secondary musical school, but she entered pharmacy at the University of Belgrade. She has performed in various clubs with her band "Legal Sex Department". Nina cites "Duffy, Muse, and other pop and alternative artists" as her major influences.
Eurovision Song Contest and debut album (2011–present).
On 19 January 2011, Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) announced that the three members of the Kovač family — Kornelije, Aleksandra and Kristina — would compose three songs that would compete to represent Serbia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011. On 16 February, it was confirmed that Kristina Kovač had chosen Nina, then an unknown singer, to perform her song "Čaroban". Kovač discovered Nina thanks to YouTube. On 26 February, Nina was chosen for the Serbian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany, with more than 15,000 SMS votes.
In March, Nina recorded the English version of the song, called "Magical". On 9 April, she performed at the Eurovision In Concert in Amsterdam in order to promote her song, along with 19 other participations. At the Eurovision Song Contest, Nina performed sixth in the first semifinal, after Yüksek Sadakat from Turkey and before Alexey Vorobyov from Russia, and qualified for the final. She performed the 24th in the final, after Mika Newton from Ukraine and before Eldrine from Georgia, and placed the fourteenth.
In June 2011, Nina announced she would release her debut studio album through the PGP RTS.

</doc>
<doc id="31018671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018671" title="Azerbaijani vote of confidence referendum, 1993">
Azerbaijani vote of confidence referendum, 1993

A national vote of confidence in President Abulfaz Elchibey was held in Azerbaijan on 29 August 1993 after a coup d'état in June. Voters were asked "Do you trust the President of the Azerbaijan Republic?" Only 2% of voters voted "yes", with turnout reported to be 91.6%. Elchibey was formerly removed from office on 1 September.

</doc>
<doc id="31018681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018681" title="Waterford U16 Hurling Championship">
Waterford U16 Hurling Championship

The Waterford U16 Hurling Championship is an underage hurling played by juvenile Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) in Waterford in Ireland. All players have to be under the age of 16 in the year in which they take part. The competition is organized by the two divisions of the Waterford Bord na Óige - East Division and West Division. The current A division champions are Ballygunner GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="31018692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018692" title="Tonko Limba">
Tonko Limba

Tonko Limba is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 39,106. Its principal town is Madina.

</doc>
<doc id="31018705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018705" title="Ian White (darts player)">
Ian White (darts player)

Ian White (born 17 August 1970) is an English professional player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Career.
In 1997, White reached the final of the PDC's revived News of the World Darts Championship. He defeated Peter Manley and Andy Jenkins on the way to the final, where he lost 0-2 to fellow Stoke-on-Trent native Phil Taylor.
White won the Antwerp Open, Denmark Open and the English National Championship in 2009. He qualified for the 2010 BDO World Darts Championship, but lost 0-3 in the first round to Stephen Bunting. Shortly afterwards, he left the BDO and joined the PDC, when fellow Stoke player Adrian Lewis offered to sponsor White and suggested he was capable of being in the world's top eight. A solid first year in the PDC saw him reach the semi-finals of a Pro Tour event in Dublin, gain an automatic Tour Card, and narrowly miss out on the 2011 PDC World Championship by £100.
In February 2011, he reached his first PDC final since 1997. He lost 3-6 to Steve Brown in the final of the 2011 UK Open Qualifier 1.
White finished third in the 2011 Grand Slam of Darts wildcard qualifier, and was awarded a place in the tournament proper after Simon Whitlock withdrew due to injury. 
2012.
He qualified for his first PDC World Championship in 2012, where he was beaten 1-3 by Robert Thornton in the last 64. He threw a nine-dart finish in the opening Players Championship event of the season in a first round match against Mark Hylton. White reached the semi-finals of the event, where he was beaten 4-6 by the eventual winner Justin Pipe. In April, he earned a place in the European Tour Event 1 in Vienna by defeating Adrian Gray in the UK qualifier. He played Colin Lloyd in the first round and lost 3–6, with his opponent averaging 111. In May, he reached the final of the Players Championship Event 5 where he lost 2–6 to Dave Chisnall. He also qualified for the third European Tour Event with a win over John Scott, but was then beaten by Raymond van Barneveld 2–6 in the first round in Düsseldorf. By July, White had reached two semi-finals and two finals in PDC events in 2012, meaning he qualified for the World Matchplay for the first time in his career due to being the sixth highest player on the ProTour Order of Merit who was not in the world's top 16. He played Vincent van der Voort in the first round and took out 164 and 161 finishes in a 10–5 victory to set up a last 16 fixture with 12-time World Matchplay champion Phil Taylor, which he lost 3–13.
White threw his second nine-darter of the season in the fourth European Tour event, the German Darts Masters in a last 16 win against Andy Hamilton. He continued his momentum with a quarter-final deciding leg victory over Robert Thornton and a 6–4 semi-final win against Raymond van Barneveld. In the final he faced two-time reigning world champion and occasional practice partner Adrian Lewis, and was beaten 3–6. White's exceptional form carried on at his next event, the 11th Players Championship, as he beat the likes of Simon Whitlock and Terry Jenkins to reach the final. He played Michael van Gerwen and lost in a final for the fourth time this year following a 1–6 defeat. At the European Championship he exacted his revenge over Lewis with a sensational 6–0 whitewash in the first round. However, he lost to Kim Huybrechts 5–10 in his following match. At the World Grand Prix in October, White took out finishes of 144, 132 and 112 to beat van Barneveld 2–0 in sets and then faced Wes Newton in the last 16, where he was beaten 1–3. White came agonisingly close to winning his first PDC title in November, as he held a 4–0 lead over Michael van Gerwen in the final of the 18th Players Championship event, but went on to lose 5–6. After all 33 ProTour events of 2012 had been played, White finished eighth on the Order of Merit to qualify for the Players Championship Finals for the first time. He was beaten 5–6 by Michael Smith in the first round.
2013.
White was just outside the top 32 ranked players who qualified automatically for the 2013 World Championship. However, his impressive play in events in 2012 earned him the first spot of sixteen that were available for non-qualified players via the ProTour Order of Merit. White was over £18,000 ahead of the second placed Michael Smith. He was beaten by Mark Webster 1–3 in the first round. However, after the tournament he was ranked world number 30, the first time White has been inside the top 32. He was beaten by Steve West 3–9 in the third round of the UK Open. At the eighth Players Championship in September, White won his first PDC tournament by defeating Simon Whitlock 6–3 in a final with an average of almost 101. He had earlier beaten two-time World Champion Adrian Lewis 6–1 and the title saw him move up to 23rd on the Order of Merit. White faced Dave Chisnall in the first round of the World Grand Prix and missed eight darts for legs in the deciding set to lose 2–1. He made his debut in the Championship League and won his group at the first time of asking by beating Peter Wright 6–4 in the final. In the Winners Group he won three of his seven matches to finish sixth in the eight man table. Whilst the top 16 players on the Order of Merit were competing in the Masters in November, White took full advantage by winning his second PDC ranking title at the 14th Players Championship with a 6–3 success over Andy Jenkins in the final. He beat Ronnie Baxter 6–3 and Terry Jenkins 9–2 at the Players Championship Finals to reach the quarter-finals of a PDC major event for the first time. White fell 4–0 down to Andy Hamilton and could never recover the deficit as he lost 9–6.
2014.
White was the 21st seed for the 2014 World Championship and won his first ever match in the event by beating Australia's Kyle Anderson 3–1. He then survived a huge scare in the second round as Kim Huybrechts came back from 3–0 down to level, but White held his nerve to take the deciding set. He then produced a successful fightback in the third round against Richie Burnett by winning nine of eleven legs from 3–1 behind to triumph 4–3. In the quarter-finals White came up against fourth seed Simon Whitlock and trailed 3–0 and 4–1, but then won a trio of sets each by three legs to one to square the game at 4–4. White missed two darts to hold his throw in the fifth leg of the decider and lost the next leg to fall agonosingly short of reaching the semi-finals. He moved into the top 16 on the Order of Merit for the first time after the tournament. A third successive quarter-final in a major event came at the UK Open by beating Gary Anderson 9–7 in the fifth round. White faced Michael van Gerwen and trailed 6–2 and 8–5 but pulled the gap back to 9–8 before losing the next leg to fall just short of reaching his first televised semi-final.
His first final in the floor events of 2014 came at the fourth Players Championship, but he was whitewashed 6–0 by Phil Taylor. Another final followed at the sixth event and he led Robert Thornton 4–2 and 5–4, before missing six darts to win the match in the next leg, instead going on to lose 6–5.

</doc>
<doc id="31018714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018714" title="Perperene">
Perperene

Perperene (Greek, Περπερηνιων) is an ancient city in Kozak plateau which is near Bergama in Izmir province of Turkey in western Anatolia.
According to ancient Greek logographer Suda of Byzantium, Hellanicus of Lesvos who was born in Mytilene on the isle of Lesvos lived in 5th century BC and died at 85 years old in Perperene.

</doc>
<doc id="31018716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018716" title="A Friend in London">
A Friend in London

A Friend in London was a Danish pop rock and rock band that represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany in the second semi-final with the song "New Tomorrow" and took 5th place in the final with 134 points.
Beginnings.
A Friend in London (also known by its acronym AFIL) was formed in 2005 when the band members were at a boarding school in Vostrup, Denmark.
The lead singer Páll Schou won the contest Danish Young Talent 2005 which led to the recording of the band's first single, "Thoughts of a Boheme". 
The Danish national radio station P3 picked up on the sounds of the band, providing airplay for the single "Shoot Me". Danish TV station TV2 used the band's track "Dead Beat" in a TV-commercial contest. 
The band started touring Denmark extensively with more than 100 different gigs. Their break came in 2008 with the Bodog Million Dollar Battle of the Bands where they won the European leg of the competition reaching the final 10 qualifying round in the United States. The band refused to continue further with the competition, because of complexity of contractual aspects the organizers wanted to impose on them and other participants. 
Following that, they toured Canada and the United States. The band became very popular in Canada, where since 2009 they have made three successful tours, the last being in 2011. The tour included shows in June 2009 at NXNE (North by NorthEast) and Canadian Music Week as well as a performance at "Breakfast TV", a major morning show in Toronto. They ended up signing a management agreement with a Canadian music group.
Music career.
2011: Eurovision Song Contest.
A Friend in London took part in 2011 version of the Dansk Melodi Grand Prix with their song "New Tomorrow" written by Lise Cabble and Jakob Glæsner, winning the Danish preselection show and to go to represent Denmark in the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest. There was controversy and allegations that chorus of the song was plagiarized from a Chinese folk song "Silk Road" and big similarities with three other songs named: Andreas Johnson’s "Sing for Me" that participated in "Melodifestivalen 2006", the German group Future Trance United's song "Face 2 Face", which itself was a cover from the song "Herz an Herz" from the German band Paso Doble from the year 1986, and Take That’s "Shine". One of the co-writers Jacob Glæsner commented that "the song is very popular in its expression and consist basically only of five tones. It is unavoidable that it doesn’t remind of a song one have already heard". Partly because of the criticism, the band has confirmed in interviews they will make changes to the song prior to presenting it in the Düsseldorf 2011 finals.
A Friend in London performed the song at the Eurovision 2011 and finished fifth, but caused controversy when lead singer Tim Schou said in front of a live audience "You know baby, I want to...I want to fuck you!" after Dutch singer Mandy Huydts announced that the Netherlands had awarded the song "New Tomorrow" twelve points. Schou later stated: "When the camera came and we got the first points I was so excited. I apologise, Europe! I apologise! We got the fifth place, baby!". Huydts has since claimed that she had found the incident hilarious.
2012-14: "Unite' and breakup'.
The band released their debut album "Unite" on 21 January 2013, having pre-released the tracks "New Tomorrow", "Calling a Friend" and "Get Rich in Vegas" in advance. 
Prior to the release of the album, they supported New Kids on the Block and the Backstreet Boys during their European tour. As a result, Howie D. of the Backstreet Boys is featured on a remake of "New Tomorrow". The track featuring Howie D. is found as a bonus track on the iTunes Deluxe Version. The album also featured the Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen on one of the main album tracks, namely "Rest from the Streets".
On January 29, 2014, member Páll "Tim" Schou announced the band's breakup on their Facebook page.
In popular culture.
Páll Schou, the lead vocalist of the band took part in the inaugural season of the reality television show "Skjulte stjerner" (meaning Hidden star) aired from 2 September to 14 October 2011 on Danish television. He introduced a young new Danish artist called Thomas Meilstrup mentoring him throughout the show and singing duets with him. Thomas and his mentor won the series and Thomas Meilstrup released his debut single "Almost There" featuring Tim Schou.
The band's single 'New Tomorrow' was used as the basis for the spaceflight documentary 'Challenging Endeavours: A tale of two shuttles' that premiered on YouTube in February 2013.
Videography.
The band released music videos for various songs via Guineapig Productions. Directors included Ib Christian Henricson, Marie Louise Henricson and Lena Nyhus

</doc>
<doc id="31018735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018735" title="Exhaust air heat pump">
Exhaust air heat pump

An exhaust air heat pump extracts heat from the exhaust air of a building and transfers the heat to the supply air, hot tap water and/or hydronic heating system (underfloor heating, radiators). This requires at least mechanical exhaust, mechanical supply is optional, see mechanical ventilation. This type of heat pump requires a certain air exchange rate to maintain its output power. Since the inside air is approximately 20-22 degrees Celsius all year round, the maximum output power of the heat pump is not varying with the seasons and outdoor temperature.
Since heat pumps do not create heat but rather only move it (pump it) from colder areas to warmer areas, this type of heat pump will not work as the primary source of heat for a home. You can't heat a home using heat that is already in the home. It is a supplemental heat source that captures some (but not all) of the heat that otherwise would have been exhausted from the building and returns it to the building. It reduces the amount of heat loss caused by a ventilation system. But it cannot add heat to the house.

</doc>
<doc id="31018741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018741" title="Galilee (ship)">
Galilee (ship)

The Galilee was a brigantine, built in 1891, designed by Matthew Turner. She started on the packet line between San Francisco and Tahiti and was reckoned a very fast ship. In 1905 she was chartered by the Carnegie Institution's Department of Terrestrial Magnetism and converted into a magnetic observatory. She was used to make observations of Earth's magnetic field on three cruises over a period of three years from 1905 to 1908 in the Pacific Ocean. 
Problems with magnetic materials that it had not been possible to replace on "Galilee", led to the building of the "Carnegie" in 1909, which was constructed with virtually no magnetic materials. "Galilee" was later rigged as a schooner, had a diesel engine fitted and was used in the fishing industry before being beached in 1933, ending her active career. The stern and part of the bow are preserved in two different places in California.
Early history.
The Galilee was built in 1891 in Benicia at the Matthew Turner Shipyard. She began her career on the packet line between San Francisco and Tahiti, carrying freight, passengers and French and US mail. On her maiden voyage she set a record of 21 days for the return trip from Tahiti.
Magnetic observatory.
Department of Terrestrial Magnetism.
The department was founded by Louis Agricola Bauer in 1904, becoming its first director. He recognized that the magnetic field over the oceans was little known and looked for a suitable vessel to make magnetic observations.
Charter and conversion.
In 1905 the "Galilee" was chartered by the Carnegie Institution's Department of Terrestrial Magnetism to be converted into a magnetic observatory. The amount of magnetic materials on the ship was reduced to a minimum. The steel rigging was replaced by hemp ropes and a new observation bridge was constructed to lift the observation point as far as possible above the remaining iron parts of the ship, principally bolts in the vessel's sides. Additional cabin space was also provided to accommodate the scientists. Although the converted Galilee had magnetic constants lower than any equivalent ship at the time, corrections were still required to take account of the remaining magnetic material.
These corrections were measured using a procedure known as 'swinging ship' in which the Galilee was held aligned towards the north, observations of the magnetic field were noted and the ship was turned progressively at 15° intervals (or as many as could be obtained given the prevailing conditions) using the right rudder, followed by a similar set using the left rudder. As the ship's own magnetic field changed with time, because of induction effects on the soft iron parts of the ship, this procedure has to be repeated as often as possible, generally in harbor or occasionally at sea if the conditions were calm enough. 
The need to carry out such swings regularly caused delays in both the fieldwork and later office work. This experience convinced Bauer that a new ship built using non-magnetic materials was essential for carrying out further surveys and the "Carnegie" was designed and built in this way, replacing the "Galilee" after it had completed three voyages.
Cruises.
The deviation coefficients for the ship were obtained by swinging the ship using a tug in San Francisco Bay, from August 2–4. On August 5, 1905, the "Galilee" left San Francisco on a shakedown cruise. During this week long cruise, the various instruments and procedures were tested under the supervision of the Director. Bauer also completed the training of the observers.
Cruise I.
After the shakedown various modifications were made and the ship was swung again to check the coefficients. The cruise began on September 1, with the "Galilee" sailing to Honolulu, arriving on September 16. Following a further 'swing' and land observations at the Honolulu Magnetic Observatory, the ship sailed to Fanning Island, arriving on October 10. From there the "Galilee" returned to Honolulu, taking a course farther to the west.
The ship then sailed to the north of the Hawaiian islands before returning to San Diego, arriving at her home port on December 9. A final set of 'swings' and shore observations were made at San Diego, finishing on December 18, to provide the necessary corrections. A distance of was covered on the first cruise. The commander was J.F.Pratt, taken temporarily into the employ of the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism. J.P Ault, the future commander of the "Carnegie", was one of the magnetic observers.
Cruise II.
As J.F. Pratt and two of the magnetic observers had to return to their posts at the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey at the end of the first cruise, several new staff were required. W.J. Peters, who had experience in running previous scientific expeditions, became the commander and remained in that position for the rest of the charter period. Following some modifications, carried out under the supervision of J.F. Pratt, the "Galilee" set sail on the second cruise on March 2, 1906, heading straight to Fanning Island. The cruise continued to Pago Pago on Tutuila, part of the Samoan islands.
Due to there being no tug available and the level of local interest, neither 'swings' nor shore observations were possible at this port. The ship continued to Apia, where land observations were made at the German Geophysical Laboratory there, although again no 'swing' was possible. The "Galilee" then sailed for Suva in the Fiji islands, where the ship was successfully swung and more shore observations were carried out. The next part of the cruise included stops at the Marshall Islands and Guam before arriving at Yokohama in Japan on August 13.
While in harbor at Yokohama the ship was caught by a typhoon, in which she dragged her anchors and sank. Fortunately the damage was relatively slight. She was recovered and put in dry-dock where repairs were carried out. From Japan the "Galilee" returned to San Diego, arriving on October 19, having covered .
Cruise III.
On December 22, 1906 the "Galilee" set out on her final cruise from San Diego. The first port of call was Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands, but the ship soon moved on to Tahiti, where shore observations and 'swings' could be carried out. The next stop was Apia, where observations were again made at the Geophysical Observatory. On March 14, 1907 the "Galilee" moved on to Yap Island and from there to Shanghai, arriving on May 8. Shore observations were made at the Zikawei Observatory, but the ship was swung in the mouth of the Yangtse River as the large tidal variation prevented this at Shanghai.
The next intended stop was Midway Island, but stormy weather made this impossible and prevented most magnetic observations. The "Galilee" reached Sitka in Alaska on July 14, having covered in 41 days, an average of about 134 miles per day. The Director reviewed the results of the cruise so far while the ship was at Sitka. New instruments were added, including one for making atmospheric-electric observations. On August 10 the ship set off once more, heading for Honolulu, which she reached on August 28. After being overhauled and refitted, the "Galilee" sailed for Jaluit on the Marshall Islands, where a further set of readings were taken for comparison with those taken in 1906.
The ship then set sail on November 5, aiming for Port Lyttelton in New Zealand. November 11 found the "Galilee" still at Jaluit, becalmed and in danger of being stranded on a reef, but she was towed off by a German mail steamer. The lack of an auxiliary power source, which had caused this problem also made the trip to New Zealand extremely difficult as the winds and currents drove her towards the New Hebrides Islands. On arrival at Port Lyttleton, the ship was further delayed as Ernest Shackleton was about to depart from that port on the Nimrod Expedition.
By January 17, 1908, the necessary observations having been made, the "Galilee" set sail due east. Eventually turning northeast, she arrived in Callao in Peru on March 10. The ship had sustained some damage to her rudder due to very strong winds encountered during early February, that took two weeks to repair. She sailed from Callao on April 5 heading just north of west, south of the Galapagos Islands, before turning north and then northwest, following roughly parallel to the coast.
Finally the "Galilee" headed northeast to San Francisco, arriving on May 21, 1908. Following a final set of 'swings' and shore observations, the vessel was returned to her owners on June 5, 1908. The final cruise had covered a distance of , giving a total distance for the period of her charter to the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism of .
Later history.
Matthew Turner died in 1909 and two years later the "Galilee" was sold by Bowes and Andrews to the Union Fish Company of San Francisco, where she was converted to a three-masted schooner and had a diesel engine fitted. For the next 16 years she was used in the codfish trade. She lost two of her masts in March, 1924, but was towed back to port for repairs. In 1929 she was used in the tuna industry, operating off Cape San Lucas. 
She returned to San Francisco and was finally beached in 1933 in Sausalito in an area now known as 'Galilee harbor'. As a houseboat she had a variety of occupants over the next 42 years, but her condition continued to deteriorate. The stern was removed in 1975 and is now mounted on one of the walls of Fort Mason that forms part of the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park. Part of the bow was removed in 1987 and is now preserved at the Benicia Historical Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="31018743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018743" title="Briama">
Briama

Briama is a chiefdom in Kambia District of Sierra Leone with a population of 29,392. Its principal town is Kukuna.

</doc>
<doc id="31018749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018749" title="Azerbaijani constitutional referendum, 1995">
Azerbaijani constitutional referendum, 1995

A constitutional referendum was held in Azerbaijan on 12 November 1995 alongside the first round of parliamentary elections. Voters were asked the question "Do you agree to the adoption of the draft of the first national Constitution of the Azerbaijan Republic presented by the Commission headed by the President of the Azerbaijani Republic Heydar Aliyev, which has prepared the new constitutional draft of the Azerbaijani Republic?" The result was 91.9% in favour, with turnout reported to be 86.1%.

</doc>
<doc id="31018750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018750" title="2011–12 NHL transactions">
2011–12 NHL transactions

The following is a list of all team-to-team transactions that have occurred in the National Hockey League during the 2011–12 NHL season. It lists what team each player has been traded to, signed by, or claimed by, and for which player(s) or draft pick(s), if applicable. Players who have retired are also listed.

</doc>
<doc id="31018765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018765" title="J. P. McKee Lustron House">
J. P. McKee Lustron House

The J. P. McKee Lustron House is a historic enameled steel prefabricated house in Jackson, Alabama. Designed and constructed by the Lustron Corporation, this example is one of two in Jackson. The other, the Doit W. McClellan Lustron House, is just around the corner from the McKee Lustron.
Lustron houses were only produced during a two-year period, with 2,495 known to have been made. Only roughly 2,000 of these are still in existence. Many of those that do remain have been altered significantly. Twenty Lustron houses are known to have been ordered in Alabama, although it is not clear if twenty were erected. Only eleven remained in 2000. Architectural historians with the Alabama Historical Commission believe that the two in Jackson may have been the first erected in the state.
The house forms part of the National Register of Historic Places' Lustron Houses in Alabama MPS. It was placed on the National Register on February 24, 2000, due to its architectural significance.
History.
Both of the Lustron houses in Jackson were erected in 1949 by a local Lustron dealer, J. P. McKee of McKee Construction Company. An open house for both Lustrons was held beginning on April 16, 1949. As of 2000, the exteriors of both houses were in near–to–original condition. Both were being utilized as rental properties.
Architecture.
The J. P. McKee Lustron House is an example of Lustron's "Westchester" 2-bedroom model. It retains the original enameled steel roof, wall panels, and "zig-zag" support column. Lustron houses came in four exterior colors, the McKee Lustron is in the company's "Desert Tan" color.

</doc>
<doc id="31018791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018791" title="Nexteer Automotive">
Nexteer Automotive

Nexteer Automotive () is an automotive parts supplier owned by Pacific Century Motors and headquartered in Saginaw, Michigan, United States. Nexteer is a global manufacturer of steering and driveline products.
With more than 10,000 employees, Nexteer operates 20 manufacturing plants worldwide, 14 local customer support centers and five regional engineering centers and test centers. Nexteer is the fourth-largest steering-parts supplier by market share. It has more than 60 customers globally, including BMW, General Motors, Ford, Chrysler, Fiat, Toyota, PSA Peugeot Citroen and manufacturers not only in North America, but in India, China and South America.
History.
Nexteer's original predecessor was founded in 1906 under the name Jackson, Wilcox and Church. Their product was named the Jacox gear. In 1909, the unit was purchased by General Motors and renamed Saginaw Product Company in 1919 and Saginaw Steering Gear Division in 1928. Saginaw Steering for 90 years was a part of GM. GM in 1999 spun off its parts division as Delphi Automotive Systems, Inc. including Saginaw Steering. Saginaw Steering was renamed Delphi Steering. With Delphi entering a lengthy bankruptcy proceeding, GM purchased Delphi Steering through their subsidiary, GM Global Steering Holdings LLC, in 2009 and renamed the company, Nexteer Automotive. GM moved to have the union change their contract with Nexteer in order to prepare the company for a sale as Nexteer had multiple customers besides GM. After the first offered agreement, GM warned the employees that this may hamper finding a buyer; the results being that GM may just shut Nexteer down. A second agreement was ratified by the union. The Michigan Economic Growth Authority gave a $70.7 million state tax credit over ten years to Nexteer in November 2009. Nexteer announced that same month investment plans totaling $400 million across the board and keeping its headquarters in Buena Vista Township. The Township responded with a 100 percent 20 year tax abatement. Nexteer was acquired by Pacific Century Motors on November 29, 2010. Nexteer listed on the HKSE in November of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31018803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018803" title="Humistor">
Humistor

A humistor is a type of variable resistor whose resistance varies based on humidity.
Construction.
A humistor has a ceramic composition comprising at least one component having a spinel type cubic symmetry selected from the group consisting of MgCr2 O4, FeCr2 O4, NiCr2 O4, CoCr2 O4, MnCr2 O4, CuCr2 O4, Mg2 TiO4, Zn2 TiO4, Mg2 SnO4 and Zn2 SnO4, and , if desired, at least one component selected from the group consisting of TiO2, ZrO2, HfO2 and SnO2. A humidity sensor has a sensing portion which usually comprises a humidity-sensitive resistor composed of an organic polymer, such as a polyamide resin, polyvinyl chloride or polyethylene, or a metal oxide. 
Operation.
A capacitive humidity sensor detects humidity based on a change of capacitance between two detection electrodes provided on a semiconductor substrate. The capacitance type humidity sensor detects humidity by measuring the change in the electrostatic capacity of an element corresponding to the ambient humidity. A resistive humidity sensor detects relative humidity by measuring the change in the resistance of an element corresponding to the ambient humidity. Most of the resistance type humidity sensors include an electrolytic, polymeric, or metallic oxide sensor element. An impedance humidity sensor changes its electrical impedance as the humidity of the surrounding environment changes, and the measured impedance is converted into humidity readings.
Applications.
Humidity sensors can be used not only to measure the humidity in an atmosphere but also to automatically control humidifiers, dehumidifiers, and air conditioners for humidity adjustment.

</doc>
<doc id="31018813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018813" title="Frank W. Lewis">
Frank W. Lewis

Frank Waring Lewis (August 25, 1912 – November 18, 2010) was an American cryptographer and cryptic crossword compiler. His puzzles were printed in "The Nation" for over 60 years, for a total of 2,962 puzzles. Leonard Bernstein, Kurt Vonnegut, and Katha Pollitt were listed among the fans of his puzzles.
Personal life and career.
Lewis was born on August 25, 1912, in Salt Lake City, Utah. His father was from England.
Lewis attended secretarial school and the University of Utah, from which he later earned a degree in absentia. He passed the federal civil service test, and earned a master's degree in music from The Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C.
In Washington, Lewis worked at government secretarial jobs. Just before World War II, Lewis was approached by Col. William F. Friedman, head of the U.S. Army's cryptography section, who was looking for "very smart" people. Lewis was hired as a civilian and helped break the code used to coordinate Japanese ships. After the war, he joined the National Security Agency (NSA). He was awarded the Decoration for Exceptional Civilian Service by both the War Department and the NSA. He may be only person to have won two such medals. Much of his work remains classified.
In 1969, he retired with his wife to the Caribbean, but they relocated to Massachusetts after the eruption of the Montserrat volcano.
He died on November 18, 2010, at age 98. He is survived by his wife of 74 years, Sylvia ("née" Shosteck). They had six children.
Puzzles.
Lewis discovered British-style cryptic crosswords while stationed during the war at the Bletchley Park code-breaking station in England. Lewis took over as "The Nation"'s puzzle setter in 1947. When "The Nation" started running his puzzles every other week instead of weekly starting in 2008, the public outcry was so great it resumed printing the puzzles weekly. Lewis published his last puzzle in "The Nation" in December 2009, after which the magazine began reprinting old ones. After Lewis's death, the magazine continued to reprint old puzzles while it searched for a new puzzle setter.

</doc>
<doc id="31018864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018864" title="Adam Burke">
Adam Burke

Adam Burke is a qualified PE teacher and ocean rower originally from Skerries, Dublin, Ireland. He currently holds two Guinness world records; firstly as a crew member on the Sara G, the fastest ocean rowing boat to have crossed the Atlantic Ocean east to west, and secondly, as a member of the same crew that rowed the most consecutive days achieving a distance of over 100 miles per day. The record now stands at 12 days.
In both 2005 and 2006 Adam spent a number of months volunteering in South Africa. He graduated from his undergraduate degree in Community Sports Leadership at Dundalk Institute of Technology in 2006. Since then he had completed his Masters degree at the University of Chester (2008) and his HDip in physical education at the University of Limerick (2009).
Between the years of 2005 and 2008, Adam worked in a very successful local restaurant in Skerries called 'Russells Restaurant'. He thoroughly enjoyed his time there.
In the summer of 2012, Adam will be a crew member on the Sara G when he will attempt to break the record for the fastest crossing of the Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="31018886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018886" title="Doit W. McClellan Lustron House">
Doit W. McClellan Lustron House

The Doit W. McClellan Lustron House is a historic enameled steel prefabricated house in Jackson, Alabama. Designed and constructed by the Lustron Corporation, this example is one of two in Jackson. The other, the J. P. McKee Lustron House, is just around the corner from the McClellan Lustron.
Lustron houses were only produced during a two-year period, with 2,495 known to have been made. Only roughly 2,000 of these are still in existence. Many of those that do remain have been altered significantly. Twenty Lustron houses are known to have been ordered in Alabama, although it is not clear if twenty were erected. Only eleven remained in 2000. Architectural historians with the Alabama Historical Commission believe that the two in Jackson may have been the first erected in the state.
The house forms part of the National Register of Historic Places' Lustron Houses in Alabama MPS. It was placed on the National Register on February 24, 2000, due to its architectural significance.
History.
Both of the Lustron houses in Jackson were erected in 1949 by a local Lustron dealer, J. P. McKee of McKee Construction Company. An open house for both Lustrons was held beginning on April 16, 1949. As of 2000, the exteriors of both houses were in near–to–original condition. Both were being utilized as rental properties.
Architecture.
The J. P. McKee Lustron House is an example of Lustron's "Westchester" 2-bedroom model. It retains the original enameled steel roof, wall panels, and "zig-zag" support column. Lustron houses came in four exterior colors, the McClellan Lustron is in the company's "Dove Gray" color. The panels have since been painted over and changed to white. 

</doc>
<doc id="31018890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018890" title="Wamp'uy">
Wamp'uy

Wamp'uy (Quechua for "to navigate, to sail, to travel by boat" hispanicized spelling "Huamboy") is an archaeological site with cemeteries and a village on a hill of the same name in Peru. It is located in the Arequipa Region, Camaná Province, Nicolás de Piérola District. The complex was declared a National Cultural Heritage by "Resolución Directoral Nacional" No. 1106/INC on August 4, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="31018895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018895" title="2011–12 NHL suspensions and fines">
2011–12 NHL suspensions and fines

The following is a list of all suspensions and fines enforced in the National Hockey League during the 2011–12 NHL season. It lists which players or coaches of what team have been punished for which offense and the amount of punishment they have received. During the regular season, the Vancouver Canucks remained the only team that did not have any players or staff suspended or fined.
Suspensions.
† - suspension covered at least one pre-season game
‡ - suspension covered at least one post-season game
"*" - suspension carried over to 2012-13 NHL season

</doc>
<doc id="31018907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018907" title="John Bulkeley (MP)">
John Bulkeley (MP)

John Bulkeley (11 November 1614 – September 1662) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1662.
Bulkeley was the son of William Bulkeley of Burgate, Hampshire and his wife Margaret Culliford, daughter of John Culliford of Encombe, Dorset. He matriculated at Hart Hall, Oxford on 13 April 1632, aged 18. He was a student of the Middle Temple in 1633. He travelled abroad in France from 1634 to 1637.
In April 1640, Bulkeley was elected Member of Parliament for Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) in the Short Parliament. He was elected to the Long Parliament in November 1645 as MP for Newtown until he was excluded under Pride's Purge. 
Bulkeley was elected MP for Hampshire in 1654 for the First Protectorate Parliament and was re-elected for Hampshire in 1656 for the Second Protectorate Parliament. In 1659 he was elected MP for in the Third Protectorate Parliament and in 1660 was chosen again for Hampshire in the Convention Parliament. He was lastly elected MP for Lymington in the Cavalier Parliament and sat until his death in 1662. 
Bulkeley died at the age of 47.
Bulkeley married firstly by licence dated 4 January 1638, Anne Doddington, daughter of Sir William Doddington of Breamore, Hampshire and had two daughters. He married secondly after settlement dated June 1646, Elizabeth Trenchard widow of Francis Trenchard of Cutteridge, Wiltshire and daughter of William Sotwell of Greenham, Berkshire. She died in March 1651 and he married thirdly after settlement dated 1652, Penelope Trenchard, daughter of Sir Thomas Trenchard of Wolverton, Dorset, and had three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="31018916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018916" title="Charles Henry Nimitz">
Charles Henry Nimitz

Charles Henry Nimitz (born Karl Heinrich Nimitz) (1826–1911) was a German merchant seaman, as was his father before him. He was the grandfather of, and role model for, Fleet Admiral Chester Nimitz. In 1852, he built the Nimitz Hotel in Fredericksburg, Texas in the United States. The hotel he built now houses the National Museum of the Pacific War. The Nimitz Hotel was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1989, Marker number 10089. Nimitz was elected to the Twenty-second Texas Legislature in 1890, representing Gillespie, Comal and Blanco counties, which constituted District 89.
Early life.
Karl Heinrich Nimitz Jr. was born in Bremen in Germany on November 9, 1826, to merchant seaman Karl Heinrich Nimitz Sr. and his wife Dorothea Magdalena Dressel.
The Nimitz roots can be traced to membership in Knights of the Sword in the 13th Century. In 1644, Major Ernst von Nimitz served under Carl Gustav Wrangel of Sweden. Major Nimitz relocated in 1648 to an area near Hanover, Germany. Later generations became cloth merchants and dropped the "von" from the family name. Karl Heinrich Nimitz Sr. left the mercantile business and became a merchant seaman. Karl Jr. followed in his footsteps at age 14.
Texas.
The family originally emigrated to Charleston, South Carolina, beginning with the three oldest children in 1840, Karl Sr. and Dorothea in 1843, and Karl Jr. in 1844. Karl Jr. became fascinated by stories about Texas, and in 1846 joined the Adelsverein colonists who settled in Fredericksburg with John O. Meusebach. In Fredericksburg, Karl Jr. changed his name to Charles Henry Nimitz. On December 15, 1847, Nimitz became one of the petitioners for creation of Gillespie County. He briefly worked as a bookkeeper for a cypress lumber company, and in 1851 joined the Texas Rangers.
Nimitz Hotel.
In 1852, Nimitz built what locals referred to as the Steamboat Hotel because of the ship's bow front. The adobe Nimitz Hotel had its own saloon and brewery, a ballroom that doubled as a theatre, a smokehouse, and a bath-house. In its heyday, the hotel hosted such guests as Horace Greeley, Johnny Ringo, President Rutherford B. Hayes, James Longstreet, Phil Sheridan, William Sydney Porter and Ulysses S. Grant. Robert E. Lee, who was stationed at nearby Fort Mason prior to the Civil War, visited so often that Nimitz gave Lee his own room and exhibited it to guests when Lee was not in residence. After the war, the hotel became a stage stop. Nimitz would entertain the guests with practical jokes on the customers, and humorous stories. Nimitz deeded the hotel over to his son Charles H Nimitz Jr. in 1906.
Military duty.
During the Civil War, Nimitz organized the Gillespie Rifles and was commissioned captain of that group by the Confederacy.
State legislature.
In 1890, Nimitz represented District 89, Gillespie, Comal and Blanco counties, in the Twenty-second Texas Legislature.
Grandson Chester Nimitz.
Anna Henke Nimitz, the wife of his son Chester Bernard Nimitz became pregnant with their only child Chester William Nimitz. The senior Chester died before his son was born on February 24, 1885. Grandfather Charles Henry Nimitz served as a father figure and role model the first five years of little Chester's life. In 1890, the widow Nimitz married her husband's brother William Nimitz and moved with him to Kerrville where he managed the St. Charles Hotel. While still a teenager, Chester was accepted for enrollment in the United States Naval Academy, where he graduated seventh out of a class of 114. Chester Nimitz rose to the rank of Commander-in-Chief of the U.S. Pacific Forces in World War II.
Later years.
After John O. Meusebach retired to Loyal Valley, Texas, Charles Henry Nimitz made the half-day's ride to the Mason County community to spend the day with Meusebach at his residence. They reminisced about their years of friendship, and Meusebach gave Nimitz a tour of his orchards and gardens. Nimitz later gave an interview about the visit to the Fredericksburg newspaper "Das Wochenblatt", detailing Meusebach's horticultural achievements.
Personal life and death.
In 1848, Nimitz married Sophie Dorothea Mueller. The couple had twelve children, nine of whom lived to adulthood.
Sophia died in 1877, and is buried at Der Stadt Friedhof in Fredericksburg. Charles Henry Nimitz died on April 28, 1911, in the hotel he built. He is buried next to Sophia.

</doc>
<doc id="31018917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018917" title="George Vaughan Hart">
George Vaughan Hart

Lieutenant-General George Vaughan Hart (1752 – 14 June 1832) was a British Army officer and politician.
He served with the 46th Regiment of Foot during the American War of Independence. He moved to India, where he took part in the battles of Seringa, Patan and Bangalore. From 1812 to 1831 he served as member of parliament for County Donegal.
He was later Governor of Londonderry and Culmore Fort.

</doc>
<doc id="31018921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018921" title="Lizzie Juvkam">
Lizzie Juvkam

Lizzie Juvkam (1883 – 1969) was a Norwegian novelist.
She made her literary debut in 1942, with the novel "Virgins vei". Among her novels are "Antonia og yogien" from 1948 and "Eneboere" from 1952. 
She was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1953, jointly with Magnhild Haalke.

</doc>
<doc id="31018937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018937" title="List of 2011–12 NHL Three Star Awards">
List of 2011–12 NHL Three Star Awards

The 2011–12 NHL Three Star Awards are the way the National Hockey League denotes its players of the week and players of the month of the 2011–12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="31018956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018956" title="Diang, Sierra Leone">
Diang, Sierra Leone

Diang is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 19,700. Its principal town is Kondembaia. Lake Sonfon is located in the chiefdom an inland mountain lake of religious and cultural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="31018965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018965" title="Mario Fortuna">
Mario Fortuna

Mario Fortuna was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Campeón a la fuerza" .

</doc>
<doc id="31018969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018969" title="Purr by Katy Perry">
Purr by Katy Perry

Purr by Katy Perry is a fragrance created by pop singer Katy Perry and Gigantic Parfums. Katy's love for cats influenced both her decision to create the perfume and its design, although further inspiration for the bottle's design came from other perfume products worldwide. Purr features a variety of scents, including citrus fruits. Released in November 2010, it is available in a purple cat-shaped bottle. Purr is available in 1.7 and 3.4 fluid ounce bottles, with a retail price in the US of $35.00 to $45.00 for the smaller size and $65.00 for the larger.
Conception.
Katy Perry chose to release her own signature fragrance, Purr, to add a personal touch and compete with other celebrities' perfumes; she cited Beyoncé Knowles and Kim Kardashian as examples. Having teamed up with Gigantic Parfums, she was actively involved in the development of her fragrance. She mentioned in an interview that she created the product because she loves cats.
Katy (a self-described "lyrical-based person") decided the name "Purr" seemed natural since it sounded like "perfume", "perfect" and even "Perry". Working with Firmenich fragrances, she wanted to make a scent that would have a strong effect on people and something that was not reminiscent of other perfumes she had smelt. Nordstrom National Beauty and Fragrance Director Cheri Botiz said that while the pop singer was working with perfumers on Purr, the aim was to "capture the distinctive notes of her favorite perfumes".
Packaging and scent.
Purr's scent is fresh with a citrus twist which also features peach nectar and apple with green bamboo. It also includes a "delicate bouquet of jasmine blossom, pink freesia and Bulgarian rose, balanced by vanilla orchid, white amber, creamy sandalwood and musk." The bottle is purple, shaped like a cat, decorated with jeweled eyes and features metallic details. Its design was hand-sketched by Katy Perry herself, and was influenced by her Catwoman stage costume.
Release.
Following the theme of the bottle's design, Purr's feline-inspired print advertisements featured Perry posing provocatively in a purple and pink cat suit. While she was shooting the commercial advert for Purr, the television show "Extra" conducted a behind-the-scenes interview with Perry about the design of the bottle. Purr was launched in November 2010 in the United Kingdom, where it was available exclusively at London's Selfridges store for one week, ahead of a national roll-out beginning November 20. 
In the United States, the fragrance is available exclusively at Nordstrom stores. It is sold in 1.7 and 3.4 fluid ounce bottles at a reported retail price of $35.00 to $45.00 for the former and $65.00 for the larger. Purr is also available online through Nordstorm's official website.
Reception.
Monthly teen magazine "Seventeen" called Purr's bottle design "cute". Miriam Lacey of Popsugar's spin-off website BellaSugar gave the perfume a favorable review and said it smelt "like a fancier, less chemical-laden version" of fruit-scented body sprays. In her review, Lacey also called Purr an "upside-down" fragrance, because unlike most perfumes which "open with their prettiest notes and then end with a relatively generic bottom accord", Purr has a "really nice caramel and sweet patchouli dry down that fans of Angel will adore, but to get there, you have to sit through a bunch of fruity opening notes". Lacey observed that its scent only lasted about 2 hours; she thought it would be better to spray it onto your hairbrush, "since the oils on your scalp will help it last longer".

</doc>
<doc id="31018980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018980" title="Harvey Bartlett Gaul">
Harvey Bartlett Gaul

Harvey Bartlett Gaul (b. 12 Apr 1881, Brooklyn; d. 1 December 1945, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was an American composer, organist, choirmaster, lecturer, music critic, and writer from Pittsburgh. He is memorialized by an annual award — the Harvey Gaul Memorial Composition Contest (aka The Harvey Gaul Prize) — bestowed to composers for outstanding work.
He was an organist for 35 years (1910–1945) at Calvary Episcopal Church, Pittsburgh. He is well known as a composer of church music.
Harvey Gaul Prize winners.
Harvey Gaul Award of the State Federation of Music Clubs (established while he was alive)
1946: Friends of Harvey Gaul, Inc., contest administrator and sponsor
1960: Friends of Harvey Gaul, Inc., and the Carnegie Institute of Technology Department of Music, contest co-administrators and cosponsors
1980: The Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, contest administrator and sponsor
Family.
Harvey Bartlett Gaul married Harriette Lester Avery (b. 1886, Youngstown, Ohio) June 13, 1908, in Cleveland, Ohio. They had a two children: a son and a daughter.
The son, James Harvey Gaul, had been an archeologist (Harvard class of 1932, PhD Harvard 1940). During World War II, as a U.S. Naval Reservist Lieutenant, he died by German firing squad in late January 1945 at the Mauthausen Concentration Camp near Linz, Austria. Having worked with the Office of Naval Intelligence, in 1944, he had been transferred to the Office of Strategic Services. He had been captured by the Germans during a combat mission in Czecho-Slovakia, a country where he had worked as an archeologist. The President of the United States presented him with the Distinguished Service Cross (Posthumously).
The daughter, Ione Gaul Walker (1914–1987), a painter, had been married to Hudson Dean Walker (1907–1976), an art dealer.
Death.
Harvey Gaul died December 1, 1945, of injuries from an auto accident.
References.
General citations
Inline citations

</doc>
<doc id="31018986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018986" title="Sergine Ibrahima Moreau">
Sergine Ibrahima Moreau

Sergine Ibrahima Moreau (born February 25, 1986 in Kaolack, Senegal ) is a Senegalese footballer, who currently plays for ASD Mozzano.
Club career.
Al-Karamah.
On January 2011, Moreau signed for Syrian Premier League Club Al-Karamah on a five months deal. He played his first game for Al-Karamah on 22 February 2011 in the SPL match against Al-Futowa. The game ended 3–0 for Al-Karamah.
Return to Italy.
In May 2011 returned to Italy, who resides in Rimini and joined to play for ASD Mozzano.

</doc>
<doc id="31018995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31018995" title="Nieni">
Nieni

Nieni is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 39,107. Its principal town is Yiffin.

</doc>
<doc id="31019009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019009" title="Rockefeller Street">
Rockefeller Street

"Rockefeller Street" is a song by Getter Jaani which represented Estonia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf.
The composer of the song, Sven Lõhmus, had previously written two Eurovision entries for Estonia, the ones of 2005 and 2009. 
Alongside the act were two female backing vocalists on stage, singer and dancer Marilin Kongo who was also involved with "Rändajad", the 2009 Estonian entry, singer and actress Anna Põldvee, and three male street-dancers Ahto Paasik, Eghert-Sören Nõmm and Ahti Kiili. 
The song gained 44 points and ended in 24th place in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="31019030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019030" title="Sengbe">
Sengbe

Sengbe is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 22,458. Its principal town is Yogomaia.

</doc>
<doc id="31019052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019052" title="Diana Maggi">
Diana Maggi

Diana Maggi (June 10, 1927-) is an Italian - Argentine actress. She starred in the 1950 film "Campeón a la fuerza".

</doc>
<doc id="31019056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019056" title="2011 ATP World Tour Finals">
2011 ATP World Tour Finals

The 2011 ATP World Tour Finals (also known as the 2011 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament that was played at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom between 20 and 27 November 2011. The defending champion in singles was world no. 4 Roger Federer, while the defending champions in doubles were Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjić. However, they did not defend their title together as they separated after the 2010 event. Zimonjic formed a team with Michaël Llodra for the season, and Nestor partnered with Max Mirnyi. Federer successfully defended his crown, winning an unprecedented sixth title, while Nestor and Mirnyi captured the doubles title.
Tournament.
The 2011 ATP World Tour Finals took place from 20–27 November at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom.
It was the 42nd edition of the tournament (36th in doubles). The tournament was run by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and was part of the 2011 ATP World Tour. The event took place on indoor hard courts. It served as the season-ending championships for players on the ATP Tour. The eight players who qualify for the event are split into two groups of four. During this stage, players compete in a round-robin format (meaning players play against all the other players in their group). The two players with the best results in each group progress to the semifinals, where the winners of a group faces the runner-ups of the other group. This stage, however, is a knock-out stage. The doubles competition uses the same format.
Qualification.
The top eight players (or teams) with the most countable points accumulated in Grand Slam, ATP World Tour, and Davis Cup tournaments during the year qualify for the 2011 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals. Countable points include points earned in 2011, plus points earned at the 2010 Davis Cup final and the late-season 2010 Challengers played after the 2010 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.
To qualify, a player who finished in the 2010 year-end top 30 must compete in four Grand Slam tournaments and eight ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments during 2011. In addition, his best four ATP World Tour 500 events in 2011 and his best two ATP World Tour 250 events in 2011 count towards his ranking. All direct acceptance players at the time of the entry deadline who do not play an event receive a 0-pointer for that event. The Monte Carlo Rolex Masters 1000 became optional in 2009, but if a player chooses to participate in it, its result is counted in and his fourth-best result in an ATP 500 event is ignored (his three best ATP 500 results remain). If a player does not play enough ATP 500 events and does not have an ATP 250 or Challenger appearance with a better result, the Davis Cup is counted in the 500s table (if the player entered or achieved better results). If a player does not play enough ATP 250 or Challenger events, the World Team Championship is counted in the 250s table (if the player entered or achieved better results). If a player could not be present in all required tournament classes (i.e. because of an injury), all uncounted ATP 250 or Challenger results are eligible to be included in his 18 valid tournaments. In teams rankings, Challenger points are excluded.
A player who is out of competition for 30 or more days, due to a verified injury, is not penaltized. The 2011 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals counts as an additional 19th tournament in the ranking of its eight qualifiers at season's end, while the Davis Cup Final points count towards the next year's race.
Qualified players.
Singles.
<noinclude>
On 14 May Novak Djokovic became the first qualifier, after reaching the finals of the Rome Masters. 
Novak Djokovic began the year by winning the Australian Open, his second Grand Slam title, defeating 2010 runner-up Andy Murray, 6–4, 6–2, 6–3, in the final. In February, he successfully defended his title for the second time at the Barclays Dubai Tennis Championships, defeating Roger Federer, 6–3, 6–3. The Serb closed the following month by clinching the "American double" (both hard-court Masters title in Indian Wells and Miami) for the first time since Roger Federer last did so in 2006. He defeated Rafael Nadal in both those finals in three sets, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2, and 4–6, 6–3, 7–6, respectively. It was the first time since 1995 that Indian Wells and Miami featured the same two finalists and the top 2 ranked players. His flawless season start continued onto the clay circuit with his successful defense of the 2011 Serbia Open trophy against Feliciano López, 7–6, 6–2. Djokovic went on to win his seventh title of the year in the Madrid Masters, ending defending champion Nadal's clay dominance in straight sets. At the Rome Masters, he repeated this achievement by defeating the Spaniard, 6–4, 6–4, in their fourth consecutive Masters final. His 43-match winning streak ended in the 2011 French Open, when Roger Federer—whom he had beaten three times in 2011 and who was the last to beat him in the 2010 ATP World Tour Finals—overcame him in four sets, 6–7, 3–6, 6–3, 6–7in the semifinal. Djokovic then won his first grass title and first non-Australian Grand Slam at Wimbledon, defeating Rafael Nadal, 6–4, 6–1, 1–6, 6–3, in the final. Djokovic became the 25th world no. 1, after reaching the final of Wimbledon. In the 2011 US Open Series, Djokovic finished second, after winning the 2011 Rogers Cup over American Mardy Fish, 6–2, 3–6, 6–4, and being runner-up to Andy Murray, 4–6, 0–3, after Djokovic retired due to a sore shoulder at the 2011 Western & Southern Open. He then won his third Grand Slam of the year at the 2011 US Open, after finishing runner-up twice at the Open, defeating Rafael Nadal, 6–2, 6–4, 6–7, 6–1, after defeating Roger Federer in the semifinals, coming back from two sets down and saving two match points. Djokovic also recorded the highest prize money in a single season of $11.2 million.
On 8 June after reaching the third round of the Aegon Championships, Rafael Nadal became the second to qualify.
Rafael Nadal began his season at the 2011 Qatar Open, being defeated in straight sets by defending champion Nikolay Davydenko in the semifinals. He went on to the Australian Open, where he also reached the quarterfinals, losing to compatriot David Ferrer in straight sets, which ended his chances of a "Rafa Slam". In the Indian Well-Miami Masters swing, Nadal reached the final twice, but lost both times to Novak Djokovic, both in three tight sets. Returning to the Europe for the European clay swing, Nadal headed to the 2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters. Nadal took the championship over compatriot David Ferrer, 6–4, 7–5, his seventh consecutive Monte Carlo crown. Nadal continued his unbeaten clay streak going back to 2009 by winning the Torneo Godó. This tournament marked his 500th ATP victory, after beating Ivan Dodig in the semifinal. Nadal clinched the trophy for the sixth time, defeating David Ferrer for the second week in a row. Nadal saw his clay streak end as he lost to Djokovic again, this time in his home Masters at Madrid. He also lost to Djokovic at the Rome Masters. In the 2011 French Open, Nadal was forced to a five-set match for the first time in Roland Garros history in the opening round against John Isner, 6–4, 6–7, 6–7, 6–2, 6–4. He reached the final, where he overcame Roger Federer in four sets. This was his sixth French Open title, tying him with Björn Borg for the most French Open titles in the open era. At Wimbledon, Nadal lost his first Wimbledon match since 2007 in the final to Djokovic 4–6, 1–6, 6–1, 6–3. In the US Open Series, Nadal lost his first opening-round match since 2008 Rome, falling to Ivan Dodig, 6–1, 6–7, 6–7. At the US Open, Nadal once again fell to Djokovic in the final for the sixth time in the year.
On 2 September after defeating Robin Haase in the second round at the 2011 US Open, 6–7, 2–6, 6–2, 6–0, 6–4, Andy Murray was the third to qualify. 
Andy Murray began the year by reaching his third Grand Slam final at the 2011 Australian Open, but once again fell in straight sets, 4–6, 2–6, 3–6, to Novak Djokovic. Murray lost his next three matches, but recovered in the clay season, reaching the semifinals of the 2011 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters and 2011 Internazionali BNL d'Italia. He won his first title of the year at the 2011 Aegon Championships, defeating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, 3–6, 7–6, 6–4. He won his second title of the year at the 2011 Western & Southern Open, being only the second person to defeat Djokovic in the year, 6–4, 3–0 ret., after falling in his first match in the 2011 Rogers Cup. On the Asian swing, Murray made a sweep by winning three titles in three tournaments. He first won the 2011 PTT Thailand Open, defeating Donald Young, 6–2, 6–0, in 48 minutes. He then became the first person in 2011 to win both singles and doubles in the same tournament at the 2011 Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships. He beat Rafael Nadal in singles 3–6, 6–2, 6–0; and partnering brother Jamie Murray he won the doubles title as well. He then completed the sweep by successfully defending his title at the 2011 Shanghai Rolex Masters, defeating David Ferrer in the final, 7–5, 6–4. At the other Grand Slams, Murray reached the semifinals of the 2011 French Open for the first time, Wimbledon, and the US Open, being the only person other than Djokovic to reach the semifinals of all four Grand Slams.
On 3 September Roger Federer qualified for the World Tour Finals, after defeating Marin Čilić in the third round at the US Open, 6–3, 4–6, 6–4, 6–2, marking his tenth consecutive year in the finals.
Roger Federer began the year by winning the 2011 Qatar Open, defeating Nikolay Davydenko, 6–3, 6–3, without dropping a set in the tournament. This marks the 11th straight year that Federer won a singles title. Federer then reached the semifinals of the 2011 Australian Open, falling to Novak Djokovic, 6–7, 5–7, 4–6. He then reached his second final of the year at the 2011 Dubai Tennis Championships, losing to Djokovic, 3–6, 3–6. He then reached the semifinals of Indian Wells, Miami, and Madrid. At the 2011 French Open, Federer ended Djokovic's 43-match winning streak in the semifinals, 7–6, 6–3, 3–6, 7–6. However, he fell in the final to Rafael Nadal in four sets, 5–7, 6–7, 7–5, 1–6. At Wimbledon, the Swiss fell to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the quarterfinals, 6–3, 7–6, 4–6, 4–6, 4–6. This marks the first time that Federer fell after leading two sets to love in a Grand Slam. He then fell early in Montreal and Cincinnati. At the 2011 US Open, Federer reached the semifinals, falling to Djokovic after leading two sets to love and having two match points in the fifth set, 7–6, 6–4, 3–6, 2–6, 5–7. Federer won his second title of the year at the Swiss Indoors Basel ending his 10-month title drought. He defeated Japanese wildcard Kei Nishikori, 6–1, 6–3. The following week, Federer won his first BNP Paribas Masters title in Paris after defeating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in straight sets, 6–1, 7–6.
On 3 October David Ferrer qualified after advancing to the quarterfinals at the 2011 Shanghai Rolex Masters.
David Ferrer won two titles in the year, his first coming in the Heineken Open over David Nalbandian, 6–3, 6–2, and defending his title at the Abierto Mexicano Telcel, overcoming Nicolás Almagro, 7–6, 6–7, 6–2. He then reached his second Grand Slam semifinal and first since 2007 at the Australian Open, defeating top seed Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals, 6–4, 6–2, 6–3, ending the seven-match winning streak of the Spaniard against him in his first straight-set win over Nadal. He then lost to Andy Murray, 6–4, 6–7, 1–6, 6–7. He also reached three other finals, at the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters, where he lost in the final to Rafael Nadal, 4–6, 5–7, and at the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell, 2–6, 4–6, also to Nadal. He did not lose a set approaching both finals. He also lost in the final of the Collector Swedish Open to Robin Söderling, 2–6, 2–6. Ferrer also reached the final at the 2011 Shanghai Rolex Masters, losing to Andy Murray. At the other Grand Slams, he reached the fourth round of the French Open, Wimbledon, and the US Open. This is the first time that he had reached at least the fourth round of each Grand Slam in one calendar year.
On 10 November Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga, Czech Tomáš Berdych and American Mardy Fish all qualified after Berdych defeated Janko Tipsarević, the last remaining contender, in the third round of the BNP Paribas Masters.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga started the year having missed much of the end of the 2010 season because of injury. He reached the third round of the Australian Open and made his first final since October 2009 at the World Tennis Tournament in Rotterdam, where he lost to Robin Söderling 3–6, 6–3, 3–6. In May, he dropped out of the top 20 for the first time since January 2008. Tsonga then made his first grass-court final at the Aegon Championships in London, where he was defeated by Andy Murray, 6–3, 6–7, 4–6. He carried this form into Wimbledon, reaching the semifinals. He came from two sets to love behind to defeat Roger Federer in the quarterfinals, 3–6, 6–7, 6–4, 6–4, 6–4. At the US Open, he faced another quarterfinal against Federer, but this time was defeated. He then won two titles: his first in two years at the Open de Moselle over Ivan Ljubičić, 6–3, 6–7, 6–3 and the Erste Bank Open, this time defeating Juan Martín del Potro, 6–7, 6–3, 6–4, in the final. Jo also made the final of the 2011 BNP Paribas Masters in November for the second time, after winning in 2008. However, this time he was defeated by Roger Federer 1–6, 6–7. Tsonga will be competing for the second time, having previously competed in 2008.
Tomáš Berdych's season was characterised by repeated appearances in Masters' quarter- and semifinals, with poorer performances at Grand Slams. He reached the quarterfinals of the Australian Open, defeated by eventual champion Novak Djokovic 1–6, 6–7, 1–6. After struggling with injuries in February, Berdych made a number of quarter- and semifinals in the clay and grass court seasons, but did not progress to any finals. At the French Open, Berdych suffered a shocking first-round loss to Stéphane Robert, 6–3, 6–3, 2–6, 2–6, 7–9, and was defeated 6–7, 4–6, 4–6 by Mardy Fish in the fourth round of Wimbledon. He also retired in the third round of the US Open against Janko Tipsarević while down 4–6, 0–5, due to a shoulder injury. Berdych reached his first final of the season at the China Open, where he faced Croatian Marin Čilić, defeating him 3–6, 6–4, 6–1. This was the sixth title of his career and his first title since the 2009 BMW Open. This will be his second successive appearance at the ATP World Tour Finals.
Mardy Fish had a breakthrough season by cracking the top 10 for the first time. He won the US Open Series by reaching three consecutive finals. His first final was at the Atlanta Tennis Championships, where he was the defending champion. He faced compatriot John Isner and defeated him 3–6, 7–6, 6–2. He then reached the final of the Farmers Classic, where he was upset by no. 84-ranked Ernests Gulbis 7–5, 4–6, 4–6. He then reached his fourth Masters final of his career at the Rogers Cup, but once again lost, this time to Novak Djokovic, 6–2, 3–6, 6–4, At the Grand Slams, he was upset by Tommy Robredo in the second round of the Australian Open 6–1, 3–6, 3–6, 3–6. He then fell in the third round of the French Open to Gilles Simon and the fourth round of the US Open to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga. He also reached his first Wimbledon quarterfinals, but lost to Rafael Nadal 3–6, 3–6, 7–5, 4–6. He is the only debutant at the event.
The first alternate for the Tour Finals is Serbian Janko Tipsarević, who has had his best season so far, entering the top 10 and winning his first ATP World Tour title. He reached five finals in the year, the first coming in the Delray Beach International Tennis Championships, however he fell to Juan Martín del Potro 4–6, 4–6. He then reached the final of the Aegon International, where he faced Andreas Seppi but retired with a leg injury after being down 6–7, 6–3, 3–5 in a match delayed final. He then won his first career title at the Malaysian Open without losing a set, defeating Marcos Baghdatis 6–4, 7–5 in the final. He then won his second title at the Kremlin Cup, where he defeated compatriot Viktor Troicki 6–4, 6–2 in the first all-Serbian final. He then reached his second final in a row at the St. Petersburg Open, but this time fell to Marin Čilić 3–6, 6–3, 2–6. Tipsarević also reached his first Slam quarterfinal at the US Open where he retired against Novak Djokovic 6–7, 7–6, 0–6, 0–3 due to a thigh injury. The second alternate is Nicolás Almagro. The Spaniard has had a breakthrough season, debuting in the top 10 and winning 3 titles in the year. At the South American Clay season, Almagro reached 3 consecutive final, first winning back-to-back titles at the Brasil Open defeating Alexandr Dolgopolov 6–3, 7–6 and Copa Claro over Juan Ignacio Chela 6–3, 3–6, 6–4. However he lost in the final of Abierto Mexicano Telcel to defending champion David Ferrer 6–7, 7–6, 2–6. His third title of the year came in the Open de Nice Côte d'Azur over Victor Hănescu 6–7, 6–3, 6–3. He reached his fifth final of the year at the International German Open, however he lost to Frenchman Gilles Simon 4–6, 6–4, 4–6.
Doubles.
<noinclude>
On 2 September, the first top three teams qualified. The teams were Bob Bryan & Mike Bryan, and the newly formed teams of Nenad Zimonjić & Michaël Llodra, and Daniel Nestor & Max Mirnyi.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan started the year by making the final of the Medibank International Sydney losing to Dlouhý/Hanley in the final. They then made a hat-trick, winning their third Australian Open in a row and their fifth overall over Bhupathi/Paes 6–3, 6–4. They then made a good clay season reaching 4 consecutive finals winning 3 of them, the first coming in the US Men's Clay Court Championships over compatriots Isner/Querrey 6–7, 6–2, they also won the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters over Chela/Soares 6–3, 6–2, and finally in the Mutua Madrid Open 6–3, 6–3 over Llodra/Zimonjić. They however lost in the final of the Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell to González/Lipsky 5–7, 6–2, [12–10. They then had a perfect grass season winning both in the Aegon Championships over Bhupathi/Paes 6–7, 7–6, name=Queens></ref> and their 11th Slam at the Wimbledon over Lindstedt/Tecău 6–3, 6–4, 7–6. They the reached their 9th final of the year at the Rogers Cup to Llodra/Zimonjić 6–4, 6–7, [10–5. At the US Open they lost in the first round of a Slam since Australian Open in 2001, they lost to Karlović/Moser 6–4, 2–6, 6–2. They then won back-to-back titles at the Erste Bank Open defeating Mirnyi/Daniel Nestor 7–6, 6–3 in the final and at the Valencia Open 500 defeating Butorac/Rojer 6–4, 7–6.
Michaël Llodra and Nenad Zimonjić paired up for the third time after an 8-year hiatus. They reached their first final at the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament, however they fell to the team of Melzer/Petzschner 4–6, 6–3, name="RotterdamDoubles"></ref> They then reached the final of the Mutua Madrid Open losing to Bryan/Bryan 3–6, 3–6. They had a good run at the US Open Series as they claimed their first titles back-to-back as a team and reached 3 consecutive finals. They won in the Legg Mason Tennis Classic in a close three setter over Lindstedt/Tecău 6–7, 7–6, [10–7 and in the Rogers Cup over Bryan/Bryan 6–4, 6–7, name="RogersDoubles"/> They reached their 3 final in a row at the Western & Southern Open losing to Bhupathi/Paes 6–7, 6–7. They claimed their third title of the year at the China Open once again over Lindstedt/Tecău in two tie-break sets 7–6, 7–6. They then reached their 7th final of the year at the Shanghai Rolex Masters losing to Mirnyi/Nestor 6–1, 1–6, [10–12. They then defeated Mirnyi/Nestor in the final of the Swiss Indoors Basel 6–4, 7–5. Zimonjić also finished runner-up at the French Open Mixed Doubles with Katarina Srebotnik losing to Dellacqua/Lipsky 6–7, 6–4, [7–10].
Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor played for the first time this year. Their first title as a team came in the Regions Morgan Keegan Championships over Butorac/Rojer 6–2, 6–7, name="MemphisDoubles"></ref> However, their major triumph came in the French Open claiming their first Slam, triumphing over surprise finalists Cabal/Schwank 7–6, 3–6, 6–4 in the final. They also reached the final of the Sony Ericsson Open falling to the Indian pair of Bhupathi/Paes 6–7, 6–2, [10–5. They then won their second Masters 1000 title at the Shanghai Rolex Masters 3–6, 6–1, [12–10] defeating the French-Serb pair of Llodra/Zimonjić in the final. They then reached back-to-back finals at the Erste Bank Open and Swiss Indoors Basel but end up in the losing side to Bryan/Bryan 6–7, 3–6 and to Llodra/Zimonjić 4–6, 5–7, respectively. Nestor also claimed the Mixed Doubles title Australian Open with Katarina Srebotnik defeating Hanley/Chan in the final.
On 13 September 2011, after claiming the US Open, Jürgen Melzer & Philipp Petzschner were announced as the fourth qualifiers.
Jürgen Melzer and Philipp Petzschner claimed their second slam as a team at the US Open, making it the second year in a row that they have claimed a slam. At the open, they defeated the Polish team of Fyrstenberg/Matkowski in the final 6–2, 6–2. They also won titles in the ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament over Llodra/Zimonjić 6–4, 3–6, [10–5] and their 5th career title as a team at the MercedesCup over the Spanish team of Granollers/López 6–3, 6–4 in the final. Melzer also won the Mixed Doubles title at the Wimbledon with Iveta Benešová defeating the team of Bhupathi/Vesnina 6–3, 6–2 in the final.
On 14 October, the team of Mahesh Bhupathi & Leander Paes were the fifth team to qualify after reaching the semi-finals of the Shanghai Rolex Masters.
Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes, the Indian pair teamed for the first time since 2002. They won their first title of the year at their home tournament, the Aircel Chennai Open defeating Haase/Martin 6–2, 6–7, They then reached the final of the Australian Open losing to Bryan/Bryan 3–6, 4–6. They also reached the final of the Sony Ericsson Open where they defeated the team of Minryi/Nestor 6–7, 6–2, [10–5. They then reached the final of the Aegon Championships where they faced Bryan/Bryan in the final but end up losing 7–6, 6–7, [6–10]. They then claimed their third total of the year at the Western & Southern Open defeating Llodra/Zimonjić in two close sets, 7–6, 7–6. Bhupathi also finished runner-up at the Mixed Doubles of Wimbledon with Elena Vesnina losing to Melzer/Benešová 3–6, 2–6.
On 1 November, the pair of Swede Robert Lindstedt & Romanian Horia Tecău were announced as sixth team to qualify.
Robert Lindstedt and Horia Tecău started the year by reaching the final of the Brisbane International but had to retire after losing the first set 6–4 against Dlouhý/Hanley. They then won their first title of the year at the Grand Prix Hassan II defeating Fleming/Zelenay 6–2, 6–1. They then finished runner-ups at the UNICEF Open losing to Bracciali/Čermák 3–6, 6–2, They then reached their second Slam final as a team at Wimbledon, but once again fell, this time to top seeds Bryan/Bryan 3–6, 4–6, 6–7. They then claimed their second title of the year at the Collector Swedish Open defeating the Swedish pair of Aspelin/Siljeström 6–3, 6–3. They then reached the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic falling to the team of Llodra/Zimonjić in three tight sets 7–6, 6–7, [7–10. They also reached the final of the China Open once again losing to Llodra/Zimonjić this time in two tie-break sets 6–7, 6–7. Tecău also won two other titles in the year with different partners, at the PBZ Zagreb Indoors with Dick Norman defeating the team of Granollers/López 6–3, 6–4 in the final. He then teamed up with compatriot Victor Hănescu to win the Abierto Mexicano Telcel over the Brazilian team of Melo/Soares 6–1, 6–3.
On 6 November, Rohan Bopanna & Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi known as the ‘Indo-Pak Express’ were announced as the seventh qualifier.
Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi who are playing for the second year has won two titles as a team in the year. Their first title came in the Gerry Weber Open defeating the team of Haase/Raonic 7–6, 3–6, [11–9] in the final. They then won the If Stockholm Open over Melo/Soares 6–1, 6–3 in the final. Qureshi also won another title with Oliver Marach at the PTT Thailand Open against the German team of Kohlmann/Waske in two close sets 7–6, 7–6. They then won their biggest title at the BNP Paribas Masters over the French team of Benneteau/Mahut 6–2, 6–4.
On 10 November, he Polish team of Mariusz Fyrstenberg & Marcin Matkowski secured the eighth and final team spot.
Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski are the only team not to able to win a title in the ATP World Tour, which means that they need to win the event to continue their streak since 2003 to win at least one doubles title. However they won an ATP Challenger event at the BNP Paribas Polish Open. Their biggest triumph came in the US Open, where they reached their first Slam final as a team and as individuals, however they lost to the team of Melzer/Petzschner 6–2, 6–2.
Groupings.
Singles.
Group A is led by world no. 1 Novak Djokovic and Australian Open runner-up Andy Murray. They are joined by Spaniard David Ferrer and Czech Tomáš Berdych. Against the rest of the group top seed Novak Djokovic is 19–9, third seed Andy Murray is 10–12, fifth seed David Ferrer is 12–13, and seventh seed Tomáš Berdych is 6–13.
Djokovic has a good record against each member of his group. He is 6–4 against Murray, and 2–1 in the year, with Murray winning their last encounter at the final of the Western & Southern Open 6–4, 3–0 ret., and Djokovic winning in Internazionali BNL d'Italia semifinal 6–1, 3–6, 7–6 and Australian Open final 6–4, 6–2, 6–3. The Serb is also 6–4 against Ferrer, with Djokovic winning their only encounter in 2011 at the Mutua Madrid Open 6–4, 4–6, 6–3. He is 7–1 against Berdych, winning their last five encounters including three in the year, with his last win coming in the Western & Southern Open semifinal 7–5 ret. Murray leads Ferrer by 5–3 and has won their three encounters in 2011 including the final of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 7–5, 6–4. However, Murray trails Berdych 1–3, with Murray's last win coming in 2005 and Berdych winning their only match-up in 2011 at the BNP Paribas Masters 4–6, 7–6, 6–4. In the last head-to-head of the group Ferrer leads Berdych 5–2 and winning the last four with the last encounter coming in 2010 at the Malaysian Open 4–6, 7–5, 6–4. 
Group B is led by the French Open champion and 10-time Slam champion Rafael Nadal, and 16-time Slam champion and French Open runner-up Roger Federer. They are joined by Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and the only debutant American Mardy Fish. Against the rest of the group no. 2 seed Rafael Nadal is 30–11, no. 4 seed Roger Federer is 20–21, no. 6 seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is 6–12, and no. 8 seed Mardy Fish is 2–14.
Like Djokovic, Nadal has a great record against each of Group B members. Nadal leads Federer 17–8, including all three encounters in the year, the last being at the final of the French Open 7–5, 7–6, 5–7, 6–1. He is then 6–2 against Tsonga, splitting their encounters in 2011, Tsonga winning in the Aegon Championships 6–7, 6–4, 6–1 and Nadal winning in the Davis Group Semifinal between Spain and France 6–0, 6–2, 6–4. Nadal then leads Fish 7–1, meeting three times in the year with Nadal winning in Wimbledon 6–3, 6–3, 5–7, 6–4, Fish' only win coming in the Western & Southern Open 6–3, 6–4, and Nadal winning in the Toray Pan Pacific Open 7–5, 6–1. Federer leads Tsonga 6–3, and met six times in 2011 win Federer winning four of them, and the last coming in the final of the BNP Paribas Masters, Federer prevailing 6–1, 7–6. Federer then leads Fish 6–1, with their last match coming in 2010 in the final of the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters with Federer winning 6–7, 7–6, 6–4. Tsonga then leads Fish by 1–0, with their only encounter coming in the fourth round of the 2011 US Open 6–4, 6–7, 3–6, 6–4, 6–2.
Doubles.
Group A:
Group B:
Head-to-Heads.
These are the head-to-heads as they approach the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="31019058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019058" title="Katie Saylor">
Katie Saylor

Katie Saylor (born October 23, 1951) is a former American actress. Adopted as a baby by fashion designer Larry Aldrich, Saylor was born and raised in Connecticut and studied with the American Theater Wing/Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City and at the Shelton Actors Lab in San Francisco. After beginning her acting career in off-Broadway theatre, Saylor relocated to Los Angeles in 1973 and worked primarily as a B movie actress prior to landing the female lead in the NBC-TV science fiction series "The Fantastic Journey" which she began filming December 26, 1976. "The Fantastic Journey" premiered on February 3, 1977: Saylor's character: Lianna, "daughter of an Atlantean father and an extraterrestrial mother" was introduced in the second episode and appeared regularly up to and including episode #7 which marked Saylor's final evident screen appearance as she was not featured in the eighth episode of "The Fantastic Journey" which ended the series' regular run and was also absent from a final episode which was belatedly broadcast June 16, 1977. Saylor married attorney Harvey Strassman in November 1976. Strassman, incidentally, represented Noah Dietrich in business manager Dietrich's lawsuit against his long-time employer Howard Hughes. It has been alleged that Saylor died of cancer in 1991, but her father's 2001 obituary in the New York Times indicates that at the time, she was a surviving daughter. Also, there are current reports that Harvey Strassman and Katie Strassman reside in the Studio City neighborhood of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="31019060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019060" title="Sulima Chiefdom">
Sulima Chiefdom

Sulima is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 20,062. Its principal town is Falaba.

</doc>
<doc id="31019066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019066" title="Backlash (1947 film)">
Backlash (1947 film)

Backlash is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by Eugene Forde. The drama features Jean Rogers, Larry J. Blake, John Eldredge and Richard Travis.
Plot.
Los Angeles police detective Jerry McMullen stops a car driven by lawyer John Morland to tell him of client Red Bailey's jail escape. Shortly thereafter, an armed Bailey flags down Morland's car, which police find wrecked, its driver's face beyond recognition.
McMullen breaks the news to the lawyer's wife, Catherine, who identifies a ring on the body as her husband's. She soon becomes a suspect. Morland's law partner O'Neil believes that Catherine and district attorney Conroy have been having a secret affair, while his doctor says Morland once swallowed poison that his wife tried to give him.
Conroy is found at the Morlands' weekend getaway cabin, which is maintained by a caretaker named Willis. The evidence of an affair grows until Catherine is arrested and Conroy resigns as DA.
Bailey, meantime, resurfaces with Marian Gordon, a girlfriend. McMullen has a phone tapped and follows them. He learns that Bailey was hidden by Morland at the cabin, but then they had a fight and Bailey knocked him cold. 
Catherine is released. She finds O'Neil dead at the lodge. Her husband, Morland, is alive. He has been behind this all along, going so far as to fake being poisoned to frame his wife. The body in the car is the caretaker's. It is a diabolical plan, but McMullen's on the case.
Reception.
When the film was released, "The New York Times" film critic, Thomas M. Pryor, panned the film, writing, "When a movie company lets two of its feature pictures be sold first-run for the price of one, you can bet your last dollar that even the studio has little faith in the product. With that in mind, we can move on to a fast appraisal of "Backlash" and "Jewels of Brandenburg," the twin bill sponsored by Twentieth Century-Fox and now showing at the Rialto. Both are melodramas and, to get the unpleasantness over with as quickly as possible, they are the type which reflect absolutely no credit upon anyone connected with them, except, possibly, the studio cutter, who pared them down to a little over sixty minutes each."

</doc>
<doc id="31019074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019074" title="Pedro Laxalt">
Pedro Laxalt

Pedro Laxalt was an Argentine actor. He starred in the 1950 film "Campeón a la fuerza" .

</doc>
<doc id="31019075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019075" title="Javier Espinosa">
Javier Espinosa

Javier Espinosa González (born in 19 September 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona B as a central midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Talavera de la Reina, Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Espinosa moved to FC Barcelona's youth system, "La Masia", at the age of 13. On 1 May 2010, whilst still a junior, he made his senior debuts with the B-team, playing the second half in a 2–1 home win against Valencia Mestalla after replacing fellow youth graduate Albert Dalmau, and scoring in the process.
Espinosa became a regular fixture under new manager Eusebio Sacristán. He scored five goals in 27 games in the 2012–13 season, again spent in Segunda División.

</doc>
<doc id="31019076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019076" title="Pádraig Mac Lochlainn">
Pádraig Mac Lochlainn

Pádraig Mac Lochlainn (born 12 June 1973) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician from Buncrana in County Donegal. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal North–East constituency at the 2011 general election.
Early life.
Mac Lochlainn was born in Leeds, England on 12 June 1973, the son of two Irish parents, Réamonn and Mary Mac Lochlainn. He is their only child. His father was a Provisional IRA volunteer who spent nine and a half years imprisoned in jails across England. Upon release, his father wrote a book about his prison experience called "Inside An English Jail".
Mary Mac Lochlainn was raised in an Irish Traveller family making Pádraig Mac Lochlainn the first TD from a Traveller background. He was raised by his mother and grandmother for the duration of his father's imprisonment, and described them as “two strong, loving Traveller women” .
After his father's release from prison in England, Mac Lochlainn then aged 10 moved with his family to his father's home of Buncrana, County Donegal and he has lived there since. His father died in a drowning accident in Shannon, County Clare in 1985. He left school at the age of 14 and later returned to education as an adult through community development studies and distance learning. He worked in the painting and decorating trade for many years.
Civic and political career.
He was the Donegal spokesperson for the Irish National Organisation of the Unemployed (INOU) from 1997 to 2001. He also served on the INOU National Executive from 1997 until 2000 as well as representing the organisation on the National Rural Development Forum. 
At local level, he was a community director on the Inishowen Partnership Board for 5 years from 1996 to 2001. His work as a community activist and political representative had led him to speak at conferences across Europe on the issues of unemployment, regional neglect and rural poverty.
He was co-opted onto Buncrana Town Council in 2002. He was then subsequently elected onto Buncrana Town Council in 2004 and 2009. He was also elected to Donegal County Council in 2004 representing the Inishowen local electoral area and was re-elected in 2009. Mac Lochlainn served as Mayor of Buncrana twice; 2005–06 and 2010–11. He also served as Deputy Mayor of Donegal from 2010 to 2011. 
At national level, he was the Director of Sinn Féin's campaign against the Lisbon Treaty in 2008. He has served as Chairperson of his party's National Councillors Forum (NCF) and has served on the Sinn Féin Ard Comhairle (National Executive). He was appointed to the board of InterTradeIreland, the Trade and Business Development Body in December 2007 and served on the board up until March 2011.
Dáil Éireann (2011–present).
Mac Lochlainn was elected to the Dáil on 25 February 2011 for the constituency of Donegal North–East on his third attempt.
He is the Sinn Féin Dáil Spokesperson on Justice, Equality and Defence serving as a member of the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Justice, Equality and Defence. He was elected Chairperson of the Joint Oireachtas Public Services Oversight and Petitions Committee on 30 January 2013. He previously served as the Sinn Féin Dáil Spokesperson on Foreign Affairs and Trade and was a member of two Joint Oireachtas Committees, Foreign Affairs and Trade and European Affairs.
He served as a member of the British Irish Parliamentary Assembly for almost two years up until January 2013 
Mac Lochlainn has been a prominent supporter of the cause of Palestinian independence and statehood and he is the Secretary of the Oireachtas Friends of Palestine group of TDs and Senators. As Sinn Féin's Foreign Affairs spokesperson, he strongly supported Ireland's commitment to overseas aid as evidenced in the party position paper he oversaw in early 2012, "Honouring our Legacy: Keeping Ireland at the Heart of Global Justice".
In June 2012, the "Irish Independent" newspaper alleged that Mac Lochlainn and his party colleague, Deputy Pearse Doherty had "diverted unspent travel and accommodation expenses towards hiring part-time party workers despite these expenses being supposed to be returned to the Oireachtas under rules introduced in 2010". Both Deputies were subsequently found not to have broken any Oireachtas rules.
In December 2012, Mac Lochlainn was suspended from the Dáil after he accused the Ceann Comhairle Seán Barrett of "double standards and hypocrisy". 
In early 2013, he published a bill (The Reform of Judicial Appointments Procedures Bill 2013) seeking to end the system of political appointees being made judges in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="31019079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019079" title="Helge Vatsend">
Helge Vatsend

Helge Vatsend (1928 – 1994) was a Norwegian poet and novelist.
He made his literary debut in 1958 with the poetry collection "Du". Other collections are "Stenbruddet" from 1963, and "Fjernsynsdikt" from 1982. He published the novel "Et hus ved veien" in 1965. 
He was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="31019080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019080" title="Wara-Wara Bafodea">
Wara-Wara Bafodea

Wara-Wara Bafodea is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 25,713. Its principal town is Bafodea.

</doc>
<doc id="31019086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019086" title="Thread (yarn)">
Thread (yarn)

Thread is a kind of yarn used for sewing.
Materials.
Thread is made from a wide variety of materials. Following table lists common materials, a general description and what they are supposed to be good for. If your machine will sew with the thread, any thread can used for just about any purpose. This is very useful for someone who is trying to learn sewing. However, it should be remembered that where a thread is stronger than the material that it is being used to join, if seams are placed under strain the material may tear before the thread breaks. Garments are usually sewn with threads of lesser strength than the fabric so that if stressed the seam will break before the garment. Heavy goods that must withstand considerable stresses such as upholstery, car seating, tarpaulins, and tents require very strong threads. Attempting repairs with light weight thread will usually result in rapid failure.
Polyester/polyester core spun thread is made by wrapping staple polyester around a continuous polyester filament during spinning and plying these yarns into a sewing thread. Core Spun Thread
Different weights.
Weight.
Weight is a way of indicating the thickness of a thread.
The most common weight system specifies the length of the thread in kilometres required to weigh 1 kilogram. Therefore, a greater weight number indicates a thinner thread.
American standard of thread weight (wt) was adopted from Gunze Count standard (Japan).
Gunze count standard uses two numbers separated by a forward slash. The first number indicates the weight of the internal threads and the second number indicates the number of threads wrapped together to make the finished thread. It is common to wrap three strands of the same weight to make one thread (as indicated in the chart), any number of strands may be used and sometimes only two strands are wrapped together to made the finished thread. The American standard drops the specification of the number of strands which are twisted together. Therefore it does not accurately describe thread.
Denier.
A denier weight specification states how many grams 9,000 meters of the thread weighs. Unlike the common thread weight system, the greater the denier number, the thicker the thread. The denier weight system, like the common weight system, also specifies the number of strands of the specified weight which were wrapped together to make the finished thread.
Tex.
Tex is the mass in grams of 1,000 meters of thread. If 1,000 meters weighs 25 grams, it is a tex 25. Larger tex numbers are heavier threads. Tex is used more commonly in Europe and Canada.
Conversion information.
Thread weight conversion table
For example: 40 weight = 225 denier = Tex 25. A common Tex number for general sewing thread is Tex 25 or Tex 30. A typical silk buttonhole thread suitable for bartacking, small leather items, and decorative seams might be Tex 40. An upholstery thread, Tex 75. A more decorative but still heavy duty topstitching thread for coats, bags, and shoes, Tex 100. A topstitching thread suitable for luggage and tarpaulins, Tex 265-Tex 290. But a fine serging thread, only Tex 13. For blindstitching and felling machines, an even finer Tex 8.

</doc>
<doc id="31019099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019099" title="Live Animals">
Live Animals

Live Animals may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31019115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019115" title="Håvard Nielsen">
Håvard Nielsen

Håvard Nielsen (born 15 July 1993) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a forward for Eintracht Braunschweig on loan from Red Bull Salzburg in the Bundesliga.
Club career.
Born in the Norwegian capital, Oslo, Nielsen grew up in the suburb of Oppsal. He began his career with the local club, Oppsal IF, but signed for Vålerenga in 2007, when he was 14-years old.
On 5 October 2009, he made his debut in the Norwegian Premier League against Viking as the youngest ever Vålerenga player. In January 2011, he signed a 3-year professional contract with Vålerenga.
At the age of 18, Nielsen was already an experienced player and on 11 July 2012, he scored his first hat-trick for Vålerenga in the match against Odd Grenland.
In July 2012 he signed a deal with Red Bull Salzburg. In January 2014 he went on loan to the German Bundesliga side Eintracht Braunschweig. On 26 January 2014 he made his debut in the German first tier, in a game against Werder Bremen.
International career.
Nielsen has played for a national team above his age since he was 16, and is considered one of the greatest talents in Norway. He played all matches during the 2011 European Under-19 Championship qualification and scored one goal, when Norway advanced to the elite qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="31019120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019120" title="Mongo, Sierra Leone">
Mongo, Sierra Leone

Mongo is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 29,294. Its principal town is Bendugu.

</doc>
<doc id="31019133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019133" title="Richard Travis (actor)">
Richard Travis (actor)

Richard Travis (1913 – 1989) was an American actor in films and television.
Born William Justice in Paragould, Arkansas, he began his Hollywood career in 1930s action films. The high point of his career was a lead role in the 1942 film comedy The Man Who Came to Dinner, playing opposite Bette Davis. He had some other fairly important roles in the early 1940s, but his career soon declined.
In 1947, he starred in the B movie Backlash, which has become something of a cult classic among film noir fans.
Travis was busy in TV roles in the early 1950s, but later retired to pursue a career in California real estate.
Not to be confused with the Actor Richard Travis (1955- ) whose film credits that begin in the 1980's have been mistakenly merged with the actor previously mentioned.

</doc>
<doc id="31019135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019135" title="List of Camelot episodes">
List of Camelot episodes

"Camelot" is a historical-fantasy-drama television series beginning in 2011 on Starz. It is co-produced by the Starz cable network and GK-TV and produced by Graham King, Morgan O'Sullivan and Michael Hirst.
The series pilot premiered February 25, 2011 as a special preview after the season finale of "", and began regular weekly airings on Friday, April 1, 2011.
The show both follows and alters various aspects of the classic Arthurian legend, following the deeds and interactions of the primary characters of (Merlin, Arthur, Morgan le Fay, knights of the round table, etc.), beginning with the discovery of King Arthur and the famous castle of Camelot. The show draws upon Arthurian historical fiction, Welsh & Celtic mythology, and is set in the post-Roman exeunt of Britain. 
The show stars Joseph Fiennes as the sorcerer Merlin, Jamie Campbell Bower as the young King Arthur, Eva Green as Arthur's half-sister and nemesis Lady Morgan Pendragon, Tamsin Egerton as Lady Guinevere, Claire Forlani as Arthur's mother Queen Igraine, Peter Mooney as Arthur's brother Sir Kay, Philip Winchester as trusted knight Leontes, Clive Standen as the warrior Gawain, Chipo Chung as Morgan's lady-in-waiting Vivian, and Sinead Cusack as the nun Sybil.

</doc>
<doc id="31019140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019140" title="Feedthrough">
Feedthrough

A feedthrough is a conductor used to carry a signal through an enclosure or printed circuit board. Like any conductor, it has a small amount of capacitance. A "feedthrough capacitor" has a guaranteed minimum value of shunt capacitance built in it and is used for bypass purposes in ultra-high-frequency applications. Feedthroughs can be divided into power and instrumentation categories. Power feedthroughs are used to carry either high current or high voltage. Instrumentation feedthroughs are used to carry electrical signals (including thermocouples) which are normally low current or voltage. Another special type is what is commonly known as RF-feedthrough, specifically designed to carry very high frequency RF or microwave electrical signals.
A feedthrough electrical connection may have to withstand considerable pressure difference across its length. Systems that operate under high vacuum, such as electron microscopes, require electrical connections through the pressure vessel. Similarly, submersible vehicles require feedthrough connections between exterior instruments and devices and the controls within the vehicle pressure hull. A very common example of a feedthrough connection is an automobile spark plug where the body of the plug must resist the pressure and temperature produced in the engine, while providing a reliable electrical connection to the spark gap in the combustion chamber. (Spark plugs are occasionally used as low-cost or improvised feedthrough connections in non-engine applications.)

</doc>
<doc id="31019143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019143" title="Lawrence J. Delaney">
Lawrence J. Delaney

Lawrence John Delaney (born 1935) is a United States scientist and businessman who served as Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition) from 1999 to 2001, and briefly as Acting United States Secretary of the Air Force in 2001.
Biography.
Lawrence J. Delaney was educated at Clarkson University, receiving a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering in 1957 and a master's degree in chemical engineering in 1958. He then studied at the University of Pennsylvania and received a Ph.D. in chemical engineering in 1961. 
Delaney spent 1961-62 working at the Institute for Defense Analyses in Washington, D.C. and then spent a year as a research fellow at the Fritz Haber Institute of the MPG in Berlin. In 1963, he joined The Aerospace Corporation in Los Angeles, working as director of its Propulsion Technology and Systems Study Group and of its Advanced Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Office until 1968. From 1968 to 1975, he worked for Martin Marietta in Washington, D.C. as director of advanced programs and then in Denver as director of its Navy Systems Division. From 1975 to 1981, he was director of Washington, D.C. operations for R&D Associates. He then worked for SAIC from 1981 to 1989, first as deputy sector manager for Military Sciences and Information Systems Sector, and then as manager of its Information Systems Group. He was then managing partner of Montgomery & Associates from 1989 to 1994; oversaw European operations for Braddock Dunn & McDonald in Berlin and as a group manager for IABG in Munich from 1994 to 1997; and founder and president of the Delaney Group Inc. in Washington, D.C. from 1997 to 1999.
In 1999, President of the United States Bill Clinton nominated Delaney to be Assistant Secretary of the Air Force (Acquisition). He held this position until 2001. He was also Acting United States Under Secretary of the Air Force in 2001, and Acting United States Secretary of the Air Force from January 21, 2001 until May 31, 2001.
Upon leaving government service in 2001, Delaney became president and CEO of Arete Associates in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles. In 2003, he joined L-3 Communications / Titan Corp., becoming its president and CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="31019149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019149" title="Dembelia Sikunia">
Dembelia Sikunia

Dembelia Sikunia is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 14,552. Its principal town is Sikunia.

</doc>
<doc id="31019166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019166" title="Kasunko">
Kasunko

Kasunko is a chiefdom in Koinadugu District of Sierra Leone with a population of 20,357. Its principal town is Fadugu.

</doc>
<doc id="31019169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019169" title="Humber Gateway Wind Farm">
Humber Gateway Wind Farm

Humber Gateway Wind Farm is a offshore wind farm under construction 8 km east of Spurn Point off the coast of the East Riding of Yorkshire, in the North Sea, England; the wind farm is located in water depths around and will cover an area of approximately 
It is being developed by Humber Wind Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of E.ON UK plc.; the wind farm will consist of 73 3MW wind turbines, with the electrical cable making landfall at Easington, and connecting to the National Grid, at Salt End, on the eastern outskirts of Kingston upon Hull.
History.
In 2003 EON submitted a bid to the Crown Estate to develop a wind farm in the 'Greater Wash Strategic Area'; a planning application was submitted in 2008 for a 300MW, £700 million, wind farm. Additional planning applications for onshore substation, and onshore underground cable were submitted in 2009/2008, and approved in 2010.
The site was located over 8 km east of Easington, in an area roughly with an water depth of around , and approximately 15 km NNE from Donna Nook on the Lincolnshire coast. Cable connections were to make land fall at Easington and connect via a ~30 km underground cable connection with the National Grid near Salt End (nr. Hull). Initial plans were for a 300MW wind farm, with 42-83 turbines. The wind farm had an expected operational life of 40 years based on the length of the Crown Estate lease, with possible turbine replacement after 20–25 years.
Governmental planning approval for a 230MW (77 turbine) wind farm was given in early 2011. In December 2011 E ON published plans for a 73 turbine, 219MW wind farm, using Vestas V112 3.0MW turbines, with an initial completion date scheduled for Spring 2015.
Contracts, design and construction.
In 2012 CG (Avantha) was awarded the main contract for the design to installation of both onshore and offshore substations for the project. In early 2013 contract for the supply of turbine monopile foundations were split between TAG Energy Solutions (UK) (16 foundations), with the remainder supplied by Sif (Netherlands). ABB Group was contracted to supply 132kV submarine export cables in March 2012, the inter turbine cabling supply contract was awarded to General Cable subsidiary Norddeutsche Seekabelwerke Gmbh. in August 2012.
Harland and Wolff was contracted to design and supply the ~1300t substation foundation structure and piles in March 2013.
The first turbine foundation was installed in September 2013. In December 2013 two 600t offshore substations were delivered to the Port of Sunderland for installation at the wind farm.
By January 2014 the submarine export cables to the offshore transformer had been laid.
Grimsby operations centre.
In mid 2012 E ON submitted a planning application to build an operations and maintenance centre at the Port of Grimsby, for the maintenance of the Humber Gateway wind farm. Construction firm ISG was awarded a £3 million contract to construct the centre in March 2013, including and warehouse and storage buildings. Construction was completed by September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="31019179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019179" title="Sibos (conference)">
Sibos (conference)

SIBOS, the SWIFT International Banking Operations Seminar, is an annual banking and financial conference organized by the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication in various cities around the world. It has been held in Amsterdam, Sydney, Copenhagen, Boston, Berlin, Helsinki and other cities.
History.
The first Sibos was held in 1978 in Brussels. The SIBOS in 1990 was held in Berlin shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The conference has an annual turnout of over 7,000 participants from around the world representing the financial services industry. The highest turnout was in the 2010 conference held at Amsterdam which had about 9,600 participants.
Purpose.
People who work in financial markets around the world participate as exhibitors and attendees and discuss issues relevant to the financial industry. Topics at the 2009 event in Hong Kong were integrated risk management, innovation, and cash/treasury management.

</doc>
<doc id="31019188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019188" title="Acantholespesia">
Acantholespesia

Acantholespesia is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.

</doc>
<doc id="31019193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019193" title="Cyanea lobata">
Cyanea lobata

Cyanea lobata is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Waihee Valley cyanea. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known from Lanai and Maui. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub which may exceed 2 meters in height. The stem may have branches. The inflorescence bears greenish or purplish flowers.
There are two subspecies of this plant, both very rare. One individual of ssp. "lobata" was found in Maui in 1982 after several decades of no observations. This plant was later killed in a landslide. In 1996 three more individuals were found. The ssp. "baldwinii" had not been seen since 1934 when two plants were discovered on Lanai in 2006. These are being carefully watched. 
The five plants remaining of this species are threatened by the destruction and degradation of their wet and moist forest habitat. The Lanai subspecies is found in an understory where the ground is 80% covered by ferns.

</doc>
<doc id="31019196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019196" title="DPRG">
DPRG

DPRG can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="31019202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019202" title="Karin Moe">
Karin Moe

Karin Moe (born 1945) is a Norwegian writer and literary critic.
She made her literary debut in 1980 with the text collection "Kjønnskrift". Other collections are "39 Fyk" from 1983, and "Sjanger" from 1986. She published the experimental novels "Blove 1. bok" and "Blove 2. bok " in 1990 and 1993 respectively. 
She was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31019205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019205" title="Monthly recruiting figures for the British Army in the First World War">
Monthly recruiting figures for the British Army in the First World War

This is a table of the number of recruits for the British Army during the First World War, 1914-1918.
All recruits were technically volunteers until January 1916, when men were recruited under the Derby Scheme and as conscripts following the Military Service Act 1916. From July 1917, all recruits were counted as Conscripts.
Source.
UK Parliamentary Papers, 1921 1193 "General annual reports on the British Army (including the Territorial Force) for the period from 1st October, 1913, to 30th September, 1919".

</doc>
<doc id="31019227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019227" title="Nicola Cassio">
Nicola Cassio

Nicola Cassio (born 9 July 1985 in Trieste) is an Italian freestyle swimmer. 
Cassio won several medals mainly as a member of the Italian 4 x 200 m freestyle relay. He participated for Italy in the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="31019230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019230" title="Invasion of Banu Nadir">
Invasion of Banu Nadir

The invasion of Banu Nadir took place in August 625 AD ("Rabi' al-awwal", 4 AH) The account is related in Surah Al-Hashr (Chapter 59 - The Gathering) which describes the banishment of the Jewish tribe Banu Nadir who were expelled from Medina after being accused of plotting to assassinate the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
Mubrakpuri states that the attack was carried out because the Angel Gabriel, told Muhammad that some members of the Banu Nadir were plotting to assassinate him. This is supported by the fact that the Bani Nadir were ready to leave when the orders came and it was only after Abdullah ibn Ubayy's reassurances did the Bani Nadir decide to stay. Others (like Watt) contend it was in response to the tribe’s criticism of Muhammad which was fuelling suspicions among ordinary Muslims, and that the claim they wanted to assassinate Muhammad was not the fundamental reason for attacking them. Watt doubts whether the Banu Nadir wanted to assassinate Muhammad. He says that "it is possible that the allegation was no more than an excuse to justify the attack".
The chapter teaches the laws relating to the cutting down and burning of enemy land and trees and the accumulation of booty during military conquest. The Quran verse 2:256 "there is no compulsion in religion" is also learnt from this event.
Background.
Reason for attack.
According to The Sealed Nectar, a modern Islamic biography of Muhammad written by the Indian Muslim author Saif ur-Rahman Mubarakpuri, once Muhammad with some of his Companions set out to see the Banu Nadir tribe and seek their help in raising the blood-money he had to pay to the Banu Kalab for the two men that ‘Amr bin Omaiyah Ad-Damari had killed by mistake in the Expedition of Bir Maona. On hearing his story they said they would share in paying the blood-money and asked him and his Companions Abu Bakr, ‘Umar, ‘Ali and others to sit under a wall of their houses and wait. Mubrakpuri says that the angel Gabriel came down to reveal the plot by the Banu Nadir to assassinate Muhammad, so he, with his Companions, hurried off back to Madinah. On their way, he told his Companions of the Divine Revelation.
Mubrakpuri said, that the Banu Nadir Jews held a short private meeting and they conspired to kill him.
According to Norman Stillman, Muhammad found a "casus belli" by claiming to have received a divine revelation that the Banu Nadir were plotting to assassinate him. The Encyclopaedia of Islam, states that through Muhammad ibn Maslama, Muhammad ordered them to leave Medina within ten days. The tribe at first decided to comply, but Abdullah ibn Ubayy, the chief of the Khazraj, persuaded them to resist in their fortresses, promising to send 2,000 men to their aid. Huyayy ibn Akhtab decided to put up resistance, hoping also for help from Banu Qurayza, despite opposition within the tribe.
Mubrakpuri claims that in this regards, the Quran says:
The Banu Nadir regained their confidence and were determined to fight. Their chief Huyai bin Akhtab relied hopefully on what Abdullah ibn Ubayy said. So he sent a message to Muhammad saying: "We will not leave our houses. Do whatever you like to do."
According to the Muslim Jurist, Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari, Abu Salmah gave an ultimatum to the Banu Nadir on the orders of Muhammad. Tabari claims that he (Abu Salmah) said: Abu Salamah: Hearts have changed, and Islam has wiped out the old covenants<br>
Volume 7, Foundation of the Community, p.158
Analysis by Non-Muslim Sources.
William Montgomery Watt, mentions in the foreword of the translation of Tabari, Volume 7, that the main underlying reason for the expulsion of the Banu Nadir was same as that of the Banu Qaynuqa. Namely that Jewish criticism of Muhammad endangered the ordinary Muslims belief in Muhammad and the Quran. The clan of Nadir had an alliance with the Banu Amir, but it is not clear how this affected the seeking of blood money that Muslims were after. He also doubts whether the Banu Nadir wanted to drop a stone on Muhammad. He says that it is possible that the "allegation was no more than an excuse to justify the attack".
William Muir claims that: "the pretext on which the Banu Nadhir were besieged and expatriated (namely that Gabriel had revealed their design against the prophet's life) was feeble and unworthy of an honest cause".
Invasion of Banu Nadir.
According to The Sealed Nectar, the Muslims made the decisive decisions of taking up arms whatever turn the consequences could assume. When the Muhammad received the reply of Huyai bin Akhtab he said: "Allâhu Akbar, Allâhu Akbar." (Allâh is the Greatest of all) and his Companions repeated after him. Then he set out to fight them after appointing Ibn Umm Maktum to dispose the affairs of Madinah during his absence. The standard was entrusted to ‘Ali bin Abi Talib. He laid siege to their forts for six nights — in another version, fifteen. Banu Nadeer resorted to their castles, mounted them and started shooting arrows and pelting stones at the Muslims enjoying the strategic advantage that their thick fields of palm trees provided. The Muslims were therefore ordered to burn those trees. In this respect, a Quranic Verse was revealed:
This incident is also mentioned in the Sahih Bukhari hadith collection in .
Quraizah tribe remained neutral, and ‘Abd-Allah ibn Ubayyas well as Ghatafan failed to keep their promises of support to the Banu Nadir. Mubarakpuri says that Quran 59:16 is related to this.
Aftermath.
Submission of Banu Nadir.
According to the Sealed Nectar, the siege did not last long the Banu Nadir Jews, willingly offered to comply with the Muhammad's order and leave Madinah. Their caravan counted 600 loaded camels including their chiefs, Huyai bin Akhtab and Salam bin Abi Al-Huqaiq, who left for Khaibar whereas another party shifted to Syria. Two of them embraced Islam, Yameen bin ‘Amr and Abu Sa‘d bin Wahab, and so they retained their personal wealth. Muhammad seized their weapons, land, houses, and wealth. Amongst the other booty he managed to capture, there were 50 armours, 50 helmets, and 340 swords. This booty was exclusively Muhammad's because no fighting was involved in capturing it. He divided the booty at his own discretion among the early Emigrants and two poor Helpers, Abu Dujana and Suhail bin Haneef.
Expulsion and departure of Banu Nadir.
Al-Waqidi described their impressive farewell: "Their women were decked out in litters wearing silk, brocade, velvet, and fine red and green silk. People lined up to gape at them." Most of Banu Nadir found refuge among the Jews of Khaybar, while others emigrated to Syria. According to Ibn Ishaq, the chiefs of Nadir who went to Khaybar were Sallam b. Abu'l-Huqayq, Kenana ibn al-Rabi and Huyayy b. Akhtab. When these chiefs arrvied in Khaybar, the Jewish inhabitants of Khaybar became subject to them.
Islamic sources.
Quran chapter 59, and 2:256.
According to the Sealed Nectar, almost all the verses of Surah Al-Hashr (Chapter 59 - The Gathering) describe the banishment of the Banu Nadir Jews .
According "World religions and norms of war", a book published by the United Nations University, Quran 2:256 ("there is no compulsion in religion") is related to the event.
The Quran commentator (Muffasir) Ibn Kathir said that this verse was abrogated, he wrote about it: 
In the Tafsir of Al-Wahidi (called Asbab al-Nuzul), it also states the verse was "abrogated and the Prophet was commanded to fight the people of the Book in Surah Repentance".
Biographical literature.
This event is also mentioned in Ibn Hisham's biography of Muhammad. The Muslim jurist Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya also mentions the event in his biography of Muhammad, Zad al-Ma'ad. Among the modern secondary sources which mention this, include the award winning book, The Sealed Nectar.
Hadith literature.
"World religions and norms of war", a book published by the United Nations University, states that Quran 2:256: "there is no compulsion in religion" was mentioned about this event, the books quotes the Sunan Abu Dawud hadith below:
The event is also mentioned in the Sahih Bukhari hadith collection as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="31019237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019237" title="Angel in Disguise (Musiqq song)">
Angel in Disguise (Musiqq song)

"Angel in Disguise" is a song performed by Musiqq, who represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf.

</doc>
<doc id="31019242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019242" title="Charles Robertson-Adams">
Charles Robertson-Adams

Charles Robertson-Adams (born 5 December 1976) is a British track athlete and army officer. 
Robertson-Adams was born in Liverpool, England and studied at Shrewsbury School. On 4 July 2001 he set the national record for Scotland in the 400m hurdles athletics event. His record time of 50.24 seconds, recorded at Loughborough University, still stood in October 2009.
He retired for international athletics in 2002 after qualifying for the 2002 Commonwealth Games, although he did not run due to a rule change in eligibility.
Following his career in athletics Robertson-Adams joined the British Army, graduating from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 2005 and joining as an officer.

</doc>
<doc id="31019283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019283" title="Prognostic chart">
Prognostic chart

Prognostic charts are maps which display what the weather is expected to be like at a future time; in other words, a forecast map. Within the United States, manual prognostic charts generated by the National Centers for Environmental Prediction have special symbols which require interpretation. Those generated by atmospheric models as output from numerical weather prediction can have a variety of information on them, such as temperature, wind, precipitation, automated weather fronts, or derived atmospheric fields such as vorticity, stability indices, or frontogenesis. Errors with prognostic charts can be determined either via absolute error, or by considering persistence and absolute error combined.
Definition.
The forecast map showing the state of the atmosphere at a future time is called a prognostic chart. Prognostic charts generated by computer models are sometimes referred to as machine-made forecasts.
Variety.
Surface weather prognostic charts for mariners indicate the positions of high and low pressure areas, as well as frontal zones, up to five days into the future. Surface wind direction and speed is also forecast on this type of chart. Wave prognostic charts show the expected sea state at some future time. Low-level prognostic charts used by aviators show the forecast between the Earth's surface and above sea level over the next two days. They show areas where visual flight rules are in effect, instrument flight rules are in effect, the height of the freezing level, the location of weather features, and areas of moderate to severe turbulence. Prognostic charts can be made of isentropic surfaces (along a certain potential temperature surface determined in degrees Kelvin) in regards to moisture advection, mean temperatures at the surface, mean sea level pressures, and precipitation either for a single day or multiple days. For purposes of severe weather, prognostic charts can be issued to depict current weather watches, convective outlooks for thunderstorms multiple days into the future, and fire weather outlooks.
Manual.
Manual prognostic charts have special symbols which require a legend or previous knowledge which depict tropical cyclones, turbulence, weather fronts, rain and snow areas, precipitation type and coverage indicators, as well as centers of high and low pressure. Within the United States, these type of maps are generated by the Hydrometeorological Prediction Center, the Storm Prediction Center, the Ocean Prediction Center, and the National Hurricane Center. The Aviation Weather Center resends these maps, as well as generates specialized maps for aviation.
Automated.
Atmospheric models are computer programs that produce meteorological information for future times at given locations and altitudes. Within any modern model is a set of equations, known as the primitive equations, used to predict the future state of the atmosphere. These equations—along with the ideal gas law—are used to evolve the density, pressure, and potential temperature scalar fields and the velocity vector field of the atmosphere through time. Additional transport equations for pollutants and other aerosols are included in some primitive-equation mesoscale models as well. These equations are initialized from the analysis data and rates of change are determined. These rates of change predict the state of the atmosphere a short time into the future; the time increment for this prediction is called a "time step." This "time stepping" is repeated until the solution reaches the desired forecast time. Time steps for global models are on the order of tens of minutes, while time steps for regional models are between one and four minutes. The global models are run at varying times into the future. The UKMET Unified Model is run six days into the future, the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts model is run out to 10 days into the future, while the Global Forecast System model run by the Environmental Modeling Center is run 16 days into the future. The visual output produced by a model solution is known as a prognostic chart, or "prog".
Verification.
Around 1950, a good surface prognostic chart was considered to be one whose isobars were in the correct location. By 1957, it was proposed when isobars or height lines at the pressure level in the atmosphere were being verified, that the degree of persistence should be considered so as to avoid getting bad forecasts for slow moving systems too much credit.

</doc>
<doc id="31019303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019303" title="Hermann Starheimsæter">
Hermann Starheimsæter

Hermann Starheimsæter (born 1950) is a Norwegian poet and novelist.
He made his literary debut in 1980 with the poetry collection "Lungeblæretre". Other books are the collection "Knutepunkt" from 1988, the short story collection "Neslesommarfuglen" from 1986, and the novel "Som om eg ikkje hugsar" from 1997. 
He was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="31019304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019304" title="Diang">
Diang

Diang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="31019306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019306" title="Al-Fadl ibn Salih">
Al-Fadl ibn Salih

Al-Fadl ibn Salih ibn Ali ibn Abdillah ibn Abbas () (740–789) was the Abbasid governor of a number of different provinces in Syria during the late 8th-century CE. He was also governor of Egypt for a brief period of time. He was related to the Abbasid caliphs and was part of the Bani Salih Arab tribe.
Career.
In 755, al-Fadl led the pilgrim caravan destined for Mecca and Medina for the annual "hajj". He became governor of Jund Dimashq (whose principal city was Damascus) in 766 and three years later he added Jund Qinnasrin (whose principal city was Aleppo) to his domain during the reign of the caliph al-Mansur. In 775, he was appointed governor of the region of al-Jazira north of Damascus by the Abbasid caliph al-Mahdi. He moved to al-Jazira the same year. Al-Fadl returned to Damascus following his trip to Jerusalem in 780 where he accompanied al-Mahdi as part of his entourage. It was around this time when he was deposed as governor of al-Jazira and replaced by Abd al-Samad ibn Ali.
Al-Fadl was sent along with a large army to quell a rebellion in Egypt in 785. After defeating the rebels at Buwit, al-Mahdi appointed him governor of al-Fustat in Egypt. He established the soldiers' barracks and the congregational mosque of al-Askar and during his tenure the cities of al-Askar and al-Fustat merged into one large city. His governance only lasted one year and when al-Hadi succeeded his father to the Caliphate in 786, he was relieved from his position. Upon his return to Syria in 789, he had the doors of the Umayyad Mosque replaced and built the famed Bayt al-Mal treasury dome to house the mosque's funds. Al-Fadl was also responsible for the construction of the eastern Dome of the Clock, which was built in 780.

</doc>
<doc id="31019317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019317" title="NY1 Rail and Road">
NY1 Rail and Road

NY1 Rail and Road is a 24-hour cable news television channel focusing exclusively on the vehicular traffic and mass transit conditions within the five boroughs of New York City. The channel is a spin-off from its parent station NY1 that is available to New York City Time Warner Cable subscribers on channel 104, and on channel 91 in New Jersey and Hudson Valley. NY1 Rail and Road updates every five minutes and has feeds for four different zones (Manhattan and Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and the Hudson Valley.) The station airs a constant floating digital aerial map of New York City with a short anchor segment every half-hour, along with periodic cut aways indicating mass transit service changes. The digital map highlights major streets which are color-coded according to the speed of traffic, red indicates less than 25 miles per hour, yellow indicates 25-50 MPH, green indicates little to no traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="31019322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019322" title="Thomas Pringle (politician)">
Thomas Pringle (politician)

Thomas Pringle (born August 1967) is an Irish left-wing independent politician. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal South–West constituency at the 2011 general election.
Biography.
Pringle was born into a Republican family. His father Peter was a supporter of the Irish Republican Socialist Party. He is a patron of the People's Movement which campaigned against the Lisbon Treaty.
Pringle was previously a member of Donegal County Council having been elected as an independent councillor in 1999 and then as a Sinn Féin candidate in 2004. He left Sinn Féin in 2007 and retained his seat as an independent in 2009. He was elected as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Donegal South–West constituency at the 2011 general election, unseating the incumbent Tánaiste Mary Coughlan.
On 5 December 2011, Pringle delivered a televised address to the nation, representing the technical group of TDs in Dáil Éireann. He did so in response to Taoiseach Enda Kenny's Address to the nation of the previous evening. Later that month Pringle called on people for support in a campaign not to pay a new household charge brought in as part of the latest austerity budget, and announced that he would not register for the tax or pay it.
In February 2012 he published his expenses online. He was elected leader of the Technical group in Dáil Éireann in March 2012.
In May 2012 Pringle brought an unsuccessful High Court challenge over the 2012 European Fiscal Compact referendum. and the ESM Treaty which was appealed to the Supreme Court in July 2012.
In July 2012 the Irish Supreme Court decided to refer three questions to the Court of Justice of the European Union arising out of his challenge to the European Stability Mechanism Treaty and doubts about the legality under the European treaties of the ESM. The CJEU held an oral hearing on the referral on 23 October 2012. The full court of 27 members sat in an historic sitting, it was the first time that the full court sat to hear a reference from a member state of the union and heard oral arguments from counsel for Pringle, Ireland, nine member states, the commission, the council and the European Parliament. On 27 November 2012 the EU Court of Justice dismissed all arguments of Thomas Pringle.

</doc>
<doc id="31019324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019324" title="Paakantyi (Darling language)">
Paakantyi (Darling language)

The Darling language, or Paakantyi (Baagandji), is a nearly extinct Australian Aboriginal language spoken along the Darling River in New South Wales from present-day Bourke to Wentworth and including much of the back country around the Paroo River and Broken Hill. The people's and language name refers to the "Paaka" (Darling River) with the suffix "-ntyi" meaning 'belonging to',
The Darling language is nearly extinct, with a recent report indicating that only two people could speak the language fluently.
Dialects of Paakantyi include Southern Paakantyi (Baagandji, Bagundji), Kurnu (Kula), Wilyakali (Wiljagali), and Pantyikali (Bandjigali, Baarundji), Parrintyi (Barrindji), Marawara (Maraura). Bowern (2011) lists Gurnu/Guula as a separate language, though Hercus includes it because of its almost identical vocabulary. Dixon adds several other names, some perhaps synonyms; Bulaali (Bulali) may have been an alternative name for Wilyakali, but also for a different language, Maljangapa.
The major work on the Paakantyi language has been that of linguist Luise Hercus.

</doc>
<doc id="31019344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019344" title="Violin Sonata (Elgar)">
Violin Sonata (Elgar)

Sir Edward Elgar wrote his Violin Sonata in E minor, Op. 82, in 1918, at the same time as he wrote his String Quartet in E minor and his Piano Quintet in A minor. These three chamber music works were all written at "Brinkwells", the country house near Fittleworth in West Sussex that Lady Elgar had acquired for her husband to recuperate and compose in, and they mark his major contribution to the chamber music genre. His Cello Concerto in E minor of 1919 completed the quartet of introspective and melancholy works that comprised Elgar's last major creative spurt before his death in 1934. 
The Violin Sonata is scored for the usual combination of violin and piano, and has three movements:
Elgar's wife noted that the slow movement seemed to be influenced by the 'wood magic' or "genii loci" of the Fittleworth woods.
When the sonata was close to completion, Elgar offered to dedicate it to a family friend, Marie Joshua, and wrote to her: "I fear it does not carry us any further but it is full of golden sounds and I like it, but you must not expect anything violently chromatic or cubist". Marie Joshua died four days after receiving the letter, before she had had an opportunity to reply. As a tribute to her memory, Elgar quoted the "dolcissimo" melody from the slow movement just before the coda of the final movement. 
The Violin Sonata in E minor was completed on 15 September 1918, and first performed on 21 March 1919 at a British Music Society meeting, by Elgar's great friend W. H. Reed, with Landon Ronald on piano. The first public performance occurred in June 1919. Albert Sammons and William Murdoch were the sonata's greatest champions in the early years, and they made the first recording, on 2 February 1935. (It was also Sammons who made the first complete recording of Elgar's Violin Concerto in B minor.)
The Violin Sonata has never had a reputation as one of Elgar's great works, and it features irregularly on concert programs. In recent years, however, it has been recorded a number of times, and there are now over 20 recordings in the catalogue. Those who have recorded it include Hugh Bean, Yehudi Menuhin, Lydia Mordkovich, Nigel Kennedy, Midori, Maxim Vengerov, Tasmin Little, Jonathan Crow and Daniel Hope.

</doc>
<doc id="31019375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019375" title="Cyanea longiflora">
Cyanea longiflora

Cyanea longiflora (formerly "Rollandia longiflora") is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name ridge rollandia. It is endemic to Oahu where there are only three remaining occurrences in the northern Waianae Mountains for a total of under 300 individuals. It is a federally listed endangered species. Like other "Cyanea" it is known as haha in Hawaiian.
This Hawaiian lobelioid is a shrub appearing palm-like in form and reaching 3 meters in maximum height. The inflorescence produces magenta flowers. The fruit is a berry which is purple to red when small and ripens to orange.
The US Fish and Wildlife Service stated in 2009 that a recent count revealed a total of 76 mature plants, plus 84 immature plants and 28 seedlings. The plant appears to be limited to the northern Waianae Mountains today and no longer survives in the Koʻolau Range, where a few populations had been known.
Threats to this species include its small numbers, destruction and degradation of its habitat by feral pigs, feral goats, exotic plant species, military exercises, and vandalism. The habitat is prone to erosion and landslides, which can destroy the plants. Slugs and rats damage similar species and may threaten this one.

</doc>
<doc id="31019396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019396" title="Geoffrey Atkinson">
Geoffrey Atkinson

Geoffrey Bean Atkinson (29 January 1896 – 1 September 1951) was an English cricketer. Atkinson was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Lambeth, London.
Atkinson made two first-class appearances for Middlesex in 1930, making his debut against Yorkshire in the County Championship in June and playing against Leicestershire in July. His other first-class appearance came in 1933 for HDG Leveson-Gower's XI against Oxford University. In his three first-class matches he scored 25 runs at a batting average of 6.25, with a high score of 14. With the ball he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 28.50, with best figures of 2/28 against Oxford University. He also played a number of non-notable matches for the Marylebone Cricket Club from 1928 to 1936.
He died in Bognor Regis, Sussex on 1 September 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="31019399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019399" title="Azerbaijani presidential election, 1991">
Azerbaijani presidential election, 1991

Presidential elections were held for the first time in Azerbaijan on 8 September 1991. The only candidate was Ayaz Mutalibov of the Azerbaijan Communist Party, who won with 98.5% of the vote, with turnout reported to be 85.7%.

</doc>
<doc id="31019417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=31019417" title="Gene Dalby">
Gene Dalby

Gene Dalby (born 1957) is a Norwegian poet.
Among his poetry collections are "Linedanser på piggtråd" from 1979, and "Øm ulv" from 1990. He published the books "Frostknuter" in 1982 and "Den tatoverte tungen" in 1987. 
He was awarded Mads Wiel Nygaards Endowment in 1985.

</doc>
